  that is the point where we can claim to `` know '' things . 
  but before that , it 's suspicions . 
  it 's quite reasonable suspicions , because the chance of there being terrorists is , by common sense , quite high . 
  but we do n't actually `` know '' whether there are terrorist until we have found them . 
  that 's why `` told you so '' statements are quite pointless in that regard , because , as said , no one knew ; they just suspected it . 
  and that again , is reason for suspicion , but not proof . 
  really , i do n't see whats so hard to understand here . 
  people could only `` know '' whether there are terrorist among the refugees when we actually found some . 
  before that , everything was just suspicion . 
  suspicion that might be quite reasonable , suspicion that eventually turned out to be true , but suspicion nonetheless . 
  yes , i am quite sure that france and the uk have been separate entities for quite some time . 
  i 'm also quite sure that even in the uk , those so called `` sharia courts '' are not actually courts of law , but only bodies of arbitration . 
  which means that again , no , sharia is not `` already installed '' . 
  i do n't see how `` problematic islamist attitudes exist '' , which the link to npns supposedly was meant to prove , indicates that `` sharia is already installed '' either . 
  i 'm quite sure there are fascist attitudes in europe , but you do n't see me claiming `` fascism is already installed '' . 
  i say `` fascist attitudes exist '' . 
  because there is quite a difference between those two . 
  edit : also , look at the comment by / u/etztalani to see how considerate europeans are of those same issues . 
  not much , it seems . 
  and exactly how did the average european know ? 
  i do n't remember half of europe waiting at the border to personally screen everybody coming in . 
   this is not asylum , this is economic migration and i really do not give a fuck about that . 
   the average european has known for a whole year that there were isis members among the migrants no , the average european has suspected that this was the case , without any actual indication that it is . 
  the latter confirmation does not invalidate the initial baselessness of the claim . 
   `` again , our freedoms are being severely attacked , '' julien leonardelli , the department secretary for the party in haute-garonne , wrote on twitter . 
  `` sharia is already installed . '' ', 
  * sigh * tell me , is there a law establishing the sharia as the official law of france ? 
  then sharia is not already installed . 
   it is n't really an imposition , just look at saudi arabia who receives no refugees . 
  so you conclude that there is no ethical imposition for anything as long as someone refuses to do it ? 
  i mean , i agree with the things he says , i just think it is somewhat of a strawman that `` the left '' or `` liberals '' or whatever he wants to call them really think that differently . 
   ( speaking as a young person ) so why should i trust your opinion then ? 
  you 're young and naive . 
  i 'm in favor of allowing the burka in reasonable circumstances - meaning that , for example , for identification the covering of the face needs to be taken off in front of authorities . 
  it 's problematic though with police officers , who should stay recognizable . 
  ( a point that conservatives ironically love to disagree on ), 
  i 'd assume that you would be able to see a slight difference between `` a baby choosing its own name '' and `` students at an university having political opinions '' . 
   that 's horrible logic . 
  yes . 
  it 's also not even remotely what i just said , so that 's a bit of a relief . 
   `` we can not comprehend what is the reason behind the process of transformation of a place that had been always friendly , multi-cultural and open , into one xenophobic and nationalistic . 
  we do not condone with this process '' - the students write and they stress that they `` do not want to live in times , when talking in other than mother tongue causes aggression and assaults '' . 
   `` as students who were tought throughout many years that we need to learn from errors of history , so that its darkest events never are to repeat , we can not condone with such behavior '' - they write in the letter . 
  it saddens me to see again and again that those who cry about `` securing a future for our children '' the loudest refuse to actually listen to those who will have to live in that future . 
  `` conservative justifies lack of morals '' color me fucking surprised . 
  wah wah wah it 's not about ethnicity , it 's about culture and religion . 
  yeah sorry , i 've heard that often enough by now . 
  and somehow , the people who supposedly do n't want to integrate always happen to be the ones who do n't look like you , what a crazy coincidence . 
  and it is rational because you proclaim it to be or what ? 
  first , how am i forcing anything , second , what kind of idiot would try to talk about race relations in germany in terms of `` white '' and `` non-white '' , third , since when ca n't `` white '' people be poor too ? 
  the whole discussion is more about class then it is about ethnicity . 
  [ it would have literally taken you ten seconds to look this up . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_nationalism )  opposition to free trade is n't the same as `` nationalism '' , it 's merely opposition to an economic ideology . 
  no , it is n't , and i do n't see why you think you need to tell me that . 
  the discussion was about how the historical attitude of socialist an communist regimes to free trade was , not how leftism in general approaches free trade . 
  it is quite apparent though that corbyn , who is indeed by no measure as radical as people like to portray them , is here clearly trying to cater to more nationalist audiences ; and not just criticize free trade from a progressive perspective like for example sanders does . 
  i 'm destroying europe by calling for measures to guarantee greater equality in education ? 
  why do people like you never even manage to avoid the common buzzwords that immediately give you away ? 
   you already said you do n't care if native germans die out . 
  i did . 
  i do n't see how it is relevant to the point that the proposal of a law to protect `` ethnic integrity '' can hardly be called nuanced . 
  it is simply openly fascist . 
   nuance is something that does n't exist with people like you , is it ? 
  everything is black and white ? 
  someone just proposed a law protecting `` ethnic integrity '' . 
  it 's hard to find nuance in that . 
  or how about not because there is no fucking reason to . 
   the logic within the quote is sound : the multi-million man stream of illegals , that is the us-mexican border , definitely gives pass to plenty of elements with criminal background and violent intentions . 
  only some may be good people = some may be bad people totally sound logic guys, 
   i honestly think there needs to be some kind of eu law or something that guarantees the ethnic integrity of all it 's nation states what . 
  the . 
  if we talked about actual socialism , and widespread socialism , free trade would n't even be an issue because free trade is basically exclusive to capitalist societies . 
  of course , that was the problem of socialism . 
  early socialism was heavily tied to ideas of internationalism and a worldwide win for communism . 
  when it became apparent that this was not going to happen in the near future , the soviet union under stalin instead adopted the idea of `` communism in one country '' , a more nationalist form of communism . 
  there was still the warsaw bloc and all that , but as the name says , it 's `` just '' a bloc , as in , a group standing in opposition to other forms of society existing in parallel ( the capitalist ones ) . 
  so that 's the direction corbyn essentially wants the labor party to go which , no , does not mean he 's literally a communist or stalinist . 
  ideas of nationalist leftism also make up a major spectrum , although they should generally be seen critical . 
  in my opinion , it 's the worst course he can take . 
  trying to steal voters from the nationalist right through nationalist leftism never works out . 
   it is maybe free for state , but locals are paying by reduction of their property value and lowering their quality of life . 
  truly the greatest horror one can suffer . 
  well if you say so . 
  guess i really am so dum dum that i 'll somehow accidentally break europe one of these days . 
  if you see some reason to specifically point me out as an example , you might at least want to explain what you mean . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wolfgang_sch%c3%a4uble#privates ), 
  and we saw how great the french police is at recognizing those differences . 
   could have had massive tax breaks and kept more of your salaries for your own enjoyment oh hell no . 
  we have more than enough problems . 
  that sch\u00e4uble is actually discussing tax breaks again is ridiculous . 
  he is protestant . 
  and therefore , a woman is not allowed to cover herself at the beach . 
  makes perfect sense . 
   mr valls said such bans were part of a `` fight for the freedom of women '' . 
  that statement is ridiculous . 
  dictating what women are and are n't allowed to wear is never a `` fight for freedom '' . 
  it does n't matter whether the banned clothing might have an oppressive background ; this simply is n't how liberalism works . 
  you 're delusional . 
  well at least he 's honest about it . 
   critics complain that these newcomers have been slow to learn danish -- though the immigration ministry recently reported that 72 percent passed a required language exam .
