   first of all - you given up talk about reform of polish educational system . 
  ... no , i have talked , to great length i would say , about that reform , which consists of a bit more than just the change from 6-3-3 ( 4 ) to 8-4 ( 5 ) . 
  and i have no idea why you choose to ignore that and constantly try to talk about that structural change . 
  i have no opinion about that change , i do n't think it 's much of an issue . 
   i 'm asking once againg - do you have any merit arguments ? 
  i think neither i nor anybody else here even understands what you 're asking for . 
  sure , but what i meant is that often , those visions are n't particularly well thought out . 
  seriously , ever since this whole crisis has begun and nationalist sentiments has risen , there have been interviews with people , and discussions with experts , politicians , etc. 
  and it just appears that whole idea of what those `` national values '' and that heritage everyone keeps talking about actually is . 
  the common pattern in those interviews is , somebody says we should preserve german values and culture , they 're asked what that actually means , and after a very long break they come up with some petty bullshit like `` punctuality '' . 
  even afd itself obviously talks a lot about culture and identity and all that crap , but they do n't actually define it either . 
  they have a whole chapter about `` culture , language and identity '' in their party manifesto . 
  but all they basically talk about in there is how the media is lying , how we should talk less about the holocaust ( without saying what exactly we should talk about instead ) , how german as a language needs to be preserved , and the remaining two thirds of that chapter are just about how islam is bad . 
  i mean , think about that . 
  a nationalist party , yet when it has to talk about culture , islam takes up most of the space . 
  i just find that quite telling . 
  the point is , and i 'm serious here , i 've lived all my life in this country , i consider myself fairly well informed when it comes to politics . 
  yet despite all those people just constantly talking about preserving german culture and values , i have literally no idea what the hell i 'm supposed to preserve here . 
   where ? 
  [ right here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5q31ze/polish_schools_told_to_pare_back_science_in_push/dcwdwmv/?context=10 )  and please write your own thoughts about polish reform of education . 
  my thoughts are that in general , any kind of kind of cutbacks will have to be justified when it comes to education . 
  i see no apparent reason for cutbacks on science lessons . 
  if you 're more informed , please enlighten me . 
  i also see no discernible reason for lowering the duration of compulsory schooling - again , if you know something i do n't , i 'd love to hear it . 
  rote learning is a concept that has basically become entirely irrelevant and decried in modern education , so again , any reason to bring it back ? 
  so that 's the general concerns here . 
  the other two main concerns are obviously about influence on the curriculum . 
  if the sex education curriculum is actually written by a catholic anti-abortion and anti-contraception activist and references to evolution in biology are removed - again , if this is not the case , just say so - that is simply unacceptable for a secular country . 
  that leaves us with the additional focus on history , which is fine by itself , but i doubt we 're talking about a critical approach to history here . 
  the ministry explicitly confirms that . 
  this :  `` we want children finishing school to value their mother tongue and culture , with all its heritage , '' ... is simply not any sort of valid goal for school curricula . 
  so my initial impression is that this seem to be some very concerning reforms . 
  again , i 'd love to hear your opinion and correct anything i might have gotten wrong here . 
  at some point i expect paganic virgin sacrifices just to stop the rise of populism . 
  might even help if you sacrifice the right ones . 
  dude , you have n't even yet responded to our earlier discussion about portraying multiple povs . 
  do n't do this to yourself , it does n't make you look very good . 
   and please consider that other countries do n't even try to judge german 's educational system . 
  ha , we wish . 
  could you explain what exactly you mean when you say nationalist ? 
  preserving culture , heritage , etc. , this kind of stuff ? 
  essentially , just tell us a bit about yourself to start . 
   there is nothing worse than a conservative and nationalist society !, 
  you know , the sarcasm here seems kind of unwarranted when of course there 's always `` worse '' things , but that does n't necessarily justify the other ? 
  like , getting both of my arms chopped of is obviously worse than only losing one , but i still think losing a single one is a pretty bad thing too ? 
  pssshhh , if you actually cite all the parts there 's a wholly different impression !, 
  that 's just not fair to the * alternative impression * !, 
  your assertion was that the article does not present any other povs , i cited this as an counterexample . 
  what i personally think about those statements is entirely irrelevant . 
   it was orban words and he was reffering to after-brexit europe . 
  and how did kaczynski react to that ? 
   for me it 's just a biased article without any will to show different povs does the education ministries statement not count for you ? 
   the education ministry denies the changes are politically motivated or aimed at turning pupils into nationalists . 
   `` we want children finishing school to value their mother tongue and culture , with all its heritage , '' it said . 
  `` we want to step away from common education methods that are all about taking tests . '', 
  how exactly are they `` risking gains '' ? 
  why is anybody surprised about this ? 
  pis is a nationalist-conservative party . 
  edit : so either this comment is getting downvoted for some reason i really ca n't imagine or it was misunderstood : i do n't say that this is somehow okay , i 'm saying , what the hell did people expect . 
  it 's not like people voted for a progressive party and they suddenly turned into nationalist assholes . 
  so how are they to `` lose gains '' by doing what they always did ? 
   they come at us with the fox news vision of france and their lack of culture on our country makes them a laughing stock to be honest , sometimes i get the feeling that the people voting nationalist do n't know that much about their own country either ( not just in france , but in general ) . 
  when i look at the western part though , i also see people like riexinger , who i consider a very reasonable person . 
  i think the nutjobs exist across the board . 
  and since we 're both evidently leaning quite differently politically , i also assume that what you consider nutjobs is not necessarily what i consider nutjobs . 
  i will most likely vote for them . 
  i do n't like everything the party does , there 's a lot of problems and problematic people in there , but they are the only option against merkel and for pushing a leftist coalition . 
  trump : `` but wait , is n't sweden where all the sexual assault happens ? '', 
  pence : `` no , sir , that 's wherever you go . '', 
  the truly stupid thing here is how even though germany already has rather limited options for dual citizenship , `` we should ban dual citizenship '' is still a talking point coming up repeatedly . 
  whichs shows us that when it comes to quickly coming up with stupid policies , people really do not care about facts anymore . 
  `` sweden ? 
  it 's a beautiful city . 
  so sad we 'll have to bomb it . '', 
  * newspaper , next day : * ** us bombs belgium - minister of foreign affairs asks : `` what the fuck dudes ? 
  you know , it 's funny , here in the east people tell me how the western part of the party is okay , but the eastern one is literally stalinist , and here you are telling me how it is the other way round . 
  i guess some people will just always find an excuse when the simple reasons that they do n't like them is that they simply do n't like left-leaning politics . 
  basically , schulz is no messias , it ca n't even be said that he is a representative of the left wing of the spd . 
  he obviously has some strong pro-european credentials due to his former occupation . 
  but with gabriel so utterly depised and seen as everything bad about the spd , he basically represents the option for spd to appeal to it 's left-leaning voters again and seem more independent . 
  it also means that , and we can already see that , gabriel can adopt a rhetoric that is more critical of merkel . 
  for good and bad scenarios , that very much depends on the eventual outcome of the election . 
  if the only option is the grand coalition again , and if spd ca n't get a better deal then currently , that will just be another loss to them . 
  if - and that is a big if right now - a leftist coalition is possible , that can potentially be very unstable , and there are some major clashes that might lead to it not happening , even if numerically possible . 
  but that is a problem not only of spd , who would of course have to move a bit to the left , but also for die linke , who will have to change their stance on foreign policy . 
  essentially , it comes down to the question of how many votes afd can lock down to be useless . 
  should have made it look like an accident ? 
  well at least you 're consistent then . 
  i genuinely admire that , it puts you above most others arguing for more deportations . 
  to be honest , i did n't vote on that comment , but i also do n't see much to discuss there . 
  it 's just a statement of `` oh no leftists '' . 
   because there is no middle ground . 
  indeed , there is n't . 
   in effect though i 'd say that this might bring back enough voters and push spd just enough to ensure another grand coalition and block anything else . 
  lets not aim so low , leftist coaltion now !, 
  why not . 
  why not call out trump , a man quite un-statesmanlike himself , out on it . 
  i think trumps rhetoric can be legitimately equated to that . 
  i honestly think the major lack of `` german identity '' and national pride was one of the best things to happen to germany after the war .
