  italy , yes , greece too . 
  that 's how it has always been and what the people who constantly insisted on `` just enforcing the dublin laws '' evidently consider the solution to the whole crisis . 
  but people in germany or in france do n't care what happens in italy or in greece . 
  germany has even suspended family reunification , and people still vote for afd . 
  the great wave they 're fantasizing about is already over . 
  no , i 'm assuming that when people speak about `` a mass influx of million illegals '' or `` uncontrolled immigration '' or whatever , they 're actually speaking about an active process . 
  i think if we actually asked those people about their awareness of how many people actually come in at the moment , the results would be quit revealing . 
  but that 's really details , to be honest , the core point is that we ca n't adress xenophobia through migration policy . 
   they should be sent back and maybe have their own laws applied back home , those with lashes or beheading . 
  oh look , it 's the great european values i hear so much about . 
  again , if that was true , afd would have already disappeared . 
  it has not . 
  oh god , reddit tries to do evo-psych again . 
  please do n't . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're stealing our cars . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are old demented men ranting about women being dumb . 
   can you imagine the support afd and other far-right parties would get around europe if millions more migrants flooded europe ? 
  the far right never really needed any real immigration . 
  afd continued to rise even after the borders were essentially closed and their current downfall in the polls is not caused by any actual policy change in regard to immigration either . 
  front national is still going strong without any real reason either . 
  and sure , actual refugees coming here again might drive this forward . 
  but maybe we should try to adress the issue of `` why does this bullshit happen '' instead of trying to appease the idiots . 
  then we 'll have to accept that erdogan can do whatever he wants . 
  if we just accepted that those 2m + immigrants might be the smaller evil here , it would be easy . 
  i actually find it somewhat hilarious that a hardcore catholic organisation wants to parade a bus with `` penis '' and `` vulva '' written on it around town . 
  i mean , not so long ago , that would have already be considered a breach of public decency . 
  then the forcing is `` anti-womens rights '' , not the piece of clothing itself . 
  urinals are pure barbarism , good riddance . 
  this is like a second liberation of auschwitz . 
  at the same time , it should be mentioned that donald trump has only been in charge for one month and look at what he managed to fuck up in that short time . 
  `` the polls are lying to you . '', 
  - [ this idiot ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/3660 ), 
   for this reason my stance has changed to : it 's definitely anti-women 's - rights , so fuck it , i do n't care if it goes . 
  clothing can not be `` anti-women 's rights '' . 
  unless it 's a t-shirt with `` feminists deserve to be raped '' or some shit like that on it , i assume , but i hope you still get the point . 
  burkas ( meaning the afghani * tschaderi * ) barely exist outside of afghanistan though , despite people commonly speaking about `` banning the burka '' all the time . 
  niqabs , sure , the number is estimated to be around 300 in germany . 
  for the burqa though , journalists and politicans have attempted multiple times to find any sort of proof of it 's presence and found absolutely nothing . 
   their flaws exposed there are no flaws to expose . 
   not to say that they were bad guys they were though . 
  even the white rose itself was not as perfect as we like to imagine it today . 
  the scholl siblings were fans of national socialism at the beginning and their later opposition was largely motivated by christian conservatism with a heavy nationalist touch . 
  hans scholl originally fought for the continuation of the `` b\u00fcndische jugend '' , a youth movement with strong v\u00f6lkisch elements . 
  one of the members of the white rose , susanne hirzel , was heavily active in the right wing conservative party `` die republikaner '' after the war and jumped on the whole anti-islam train shortly before her death in 2012 . 
  it 's quite logical when you think about it . 
  this was towards the end of the war . 
  the only people left to protest were those who had supported or tolerated hitler before and became disillusioned later . 
  the real leftist opposition was already largely eliminated or had emigrated way before . 
  ( leftist opposition at that point also largely supported communism and the soviet union , so likely , history would n't look so kindly on them either . ), 
   and do you think germany 's migrant policy substantially increased these knob jockeys ? 
  migration policy never really causes people to be racist , it just gives them something to cry about very loudly , and that makes them noticeable . 
  i mean , try to consider how you would even notice a racist in your neighbourhood unless there 's also foreigners they can complain about . 
  those people were always racist , but as long as they did n't feel the immediate pressure , they had other political priorities , and so we did n't notice them . 
  what new military alliance are you even talking about ? 
  nato already covers most of europe . 
  also , how successful do you think those hypothetical attempts might be once people look past the 2 % obligation and see , oh look , their military is still shit , it 's just overfunded ? 
   we need to increase our budget and find ways to use all that money , but we need to hit 2 % . 
  again , there is no point in just blindly hitting that goal . 
  i guess we could just raise the wage of every soldier until we 're at 2 % , but what 's the point ? 
  just that we can say , yay , we 're fulfilling the 2 % goal ? 
  indeed it would . 
  that does n't make `` the bikini '' a moral evil in itself . 
   their culture/morals are clearly inferior and less successful . 
  how can you even say that when you just quoted me comparing their culture to living in mud ? 
   [ ... ]  i do n't care about women being forced to wear a hijab in those countries because i do n't give a shit about those countries . 
   [ ... ]  therefore my default stance on the matter is : fuck 'em . 
   i do care about western woman being forced to wear them you 're right , you 're not just a cultural relativist , you 're also clearly a racist . 
  my bad for not immediately recognizing that . 
   do i have any right to call on others to have justice dealt on my behalf ? 
   [ ... ]  it is not the duty of civilized countries to drag all other nations out of the mud whether they like it or not . 
  then you 're a cultural relativist , and you seem really adamant about enforcing that worldview . 
  you have no right to complain about women being forced to wear the hijab then . 
   so , saying `` being forced to wear a hijab '' is inherently redundant . 
  what ? 
   a conservative government would fulfill this promise , it 's spd and everything to the left of it that stops these efforts . 
  that 's because `` just make it bigger '' is a stupid idea without adressing all the actual concerns about the bundeswehr . 
  i 'm generally not opposed to a more federalized europe , but it needs everyone to be on the same page . 
  and i do n't think the current political climate , or any political climate in the forseeable future , will allow that . 
   how can i be justifying a system and country that i have only referred to as oppressive . 
  by saying that it is fine as long as people choose to live there . 
  the choice `` do i want to live in this place or be free '' is not a choice people should be forced to make and as i already said , many can simply not make it . 
   you seem to be suggesting we ban all travel there or go to war and force them to change . 
  we should force them to change some way , yes . 
   if you wear a hijab because you feel you will be harmed if you do n't , you are being forced . 
  if you wear a hijab because you believe you will go to hell if you do n't , you are being forced . 
  ... and so what ? 
   if a woman from a western country chooses to move to saudi arabia then she is also choosing to be oppressed . 
  no , she 's choosing to move to saudi arabia . 
  by justifying her being oppressed , you 're justifying the laws that oppress her . 
  by justifying those laws , you 're justifying the oppression of the vast majority of people who have n't `` chosen '' to be affected by those laws , but were born into a system enforcing them . 
   forcing one group to wear something different than another group because of the way they were born is a moral evil . 
  correct . 
  so why do you say `` the hijab '' is a moral evil and not forcing someone to wear it ? 
   the first statement is not hypocritical of course it is , either you do believe in universal values and despise cultural relativism , then you should not accept laws forcing women to wear veils , whether it 's during a visit or while living there ; or you think that 's fine , then clearly , your values are n't so universal at all and you accept cultural relativism . 
   the hijab can definitely be seen as a moral evil . 
  i can also consider the bikini a moral evil , but you would call me an idiot , and rightly so . 
  a piece of clothing can never be a `` moral evil '' by itself .
