  i would n't say that it diminished , it 's more that islamophobia became more dominant , making it appear as if the anti-eastern european bias was gone . 
  my point was that many who were against muslim immigration in eastern europe already cheered on nationalist groups in western europe when their anti-immigration stance was at least as much about eastern europeans as it was about muslims . 
   how about allowing the marriage of girls before they reach puberty ? 
  or allowing women equal rights in all parts of life ? 
  what about allowing someone to leave his religion behind ( apostasy ) ? 
  that 's all very nice , it 's just not `` our values '' . 
   i acknowledge that we are coming to the question from different political standpoints , i would argue that newcomers are supposed to adopt the culture of the country they are moving to . 
  sure , we are obviously coming from different political standpoints , but the issue here is that even within your own political framework , you 're either unable to actually define what that `` culture '' is , or for some reason try to avoid doing so . 
  and again , what is european culture . 
  and how do you suddenly get from `` european '' culture to national culture ? 
  and what do coed swimming lessons have to do with our `` traditions '' and `` loving the place you are from '' ? 
  and what is `` loving the place you are from '' even supposed to mean ? 
  how can people integrate that way if they 're clearly not from `` here '' ? 
  why am i even supposed to love my random place of birth , and why should it be a bad thing to simply not do so ? 
  and tell me , what are those fundamental differences between germans and danes , apart from , obviously , language ? 
  seriously , it 's just hilarious how easily / r/europe forgets in their whole anti-refugee circlejerk that especially in the early phases of the crisis , the main concern was eastern european immigration . 
  there were literally politicians saying how they 'd rather take a dozen muslims than a single eastern european . 
  `` economic migrants '' referred to eastern europeans too . 
  and we 're not talking about the balkan states either , but about romanians and the like , as in , actual eu citizens . 
  sure , eventually the focus shifted to muslims , but as we can now see with brexit , where the topic was , again , welfare for eastern europeans and where we now see attacks on poles , the hate never really dissappeared . 
  so essentially , moral relativism ? 
  you were just asked what `` our values and culture '' are supposed to be , yet you keep using the phrase as if it was self-explanatory . 
   if switzerland is to be a successful proposition nation then it must enforce the proposition like singapore does . 
  oh yes , singapore , what a shining beacon of democracy for the west to gaze upon . 
  as i remember it , `` normal citizens '' have a 100 % protection from being deported already . 
  i mean , that 's probably part of the answer , but the more obvious one would have been `` because that party also would like women to stay at home and ban abortions '' . 
  yours of course is better in that it already implies what to take from that fact . 
   then fucking vote for the parties that would prevent this . 
  here 's the point : the party you most likely mean is mostly voted for by men . 
  guess why . 
   they somehow ... somehow ? 
  that is just how those kind of parties work . 
  i mean sure , sometimes it 's a bit more on the neoliberal side and sometimes more on the social side , sometimes more on the russian side and sometimes more on the transatlantic side , sometimes overly supportive of israel and sometimes anti-semitic . 
  but those are minor disagreements , on a grander scale , all of those parties are very similar - ( christian ) conservatism , nationalism , anti-immigration , chauvinistic populism , that 's just a natural fit . 
  that 's the reason we just do n't see the mystic leftist party which is just anti-immigration . 
  you say this like i 'm somehow supposed to be afraid of it . 
   that is the german law it is not . 
  there is presserat , which criticizes questionable media behavior such as this and can ask for such corrections . 
  but presserat has no actual power . 
  it is a system solely based on the promise of the media to keep to a certain codex . 
  what you 're talking about is an aspect of civil law , meaning an individual has to sue on account of having their rights violated by the false claim , and that the claim is false in the first place - that 's a berichtigungsanspruch . 
  the other option is gegendarstellung , a right granted to everyone , but that only appears as a contrary opinion , not as an admittance of wrongdoing . 
  so in that case , there would n't even be any legal basis for forcing breitbart to post a correction . 
   this madness has started just over a year ago and i do n't recognize germany again . 
  things have all changed to the worse . 
  you know what has changed for me ? 
  i now see people who are n't white more often . 
  and i do n't even know whether that was due to the refugee crisis either , because i moved to a bigger city as well . 
  other than that ? 
  nothing . 
  zero . 
  i 'm fine . 
  most people are . 
  especially those crying the loudest . 
  i actually consider most of them to be rather plain looking , but as you said , that just personal preference . 
  to be honest , i actually sort of get it . 
  she 's one of the more naturally looking there . 
  although i do not know the full process that goes into that choice , as you said , can be rather weird criteria . 
   hell half our schools are underfunded to begin with , lacking newer practical equipment unless that changed rapidly in the last couple of years . 
  do you still use equipment from communist times in your schools ? 
  because we do . 
  that is a common criticism concerning pisa . 
  one example would be that for the 2006 tests it was found afterwards that about 10 % of german students did not understand the concept of multiple choice questions , thinking multiple answers could be checked . 
  ( multiple choice tests were and still are rare in german schools ), 
  i 'm genuinely surprised by that , since i personally trust written media the most . 
  tv , not so much , and radio i do n't really listen to very much . 
  so what ? 
  it does n't make our actions any less hypocritical . 
  `` if they do n't like it , they can go elsewhere '' is just a stupid argument and i really do n't see why only one side gets to make it . 
  you want an europe without refugees ? 
  fine , go elsewhere . 
  yeah , sorry , that did n't happen either . 
  if anything it was `` hey , how about we move that dumpster fire here ? '', 
  and then everyone went `` no no , we 'll have to push it over there and then well put a tarp on it and everything will be fine and ... oh you already moved it , well thanks merkel for starting the dumpster fire . '', 
   also you just admitted to family reunification , something people dont want to happen so what ? 
  people come here , they expect family reunification . 
  we deny them family reunification and then we complain that `` there 's only young men '' . 
  that is just hypocritical . 
   they just started galavanting across europe . 
  yeah , merkel literally caused the refugee crisis . 
  it 's not like people were fleeing before , no no . 
  please do not pretend that nobody ever explained to you that gender inbalance ; there is really no way of avoiding that unless you lived under a rock for the last few years and only came out now to state your opinion . 
   i wonder why germans put up with it . 
  bad experience with what most people here consider the alternative . 
   either mainstream politics move to the right on immigration , multiculturalism and islamism or people are going to vote for far right parties . 
  i would prefer the latter . 
  if europe wants to tear itself down so desperately , and least it should do so with some dignity . 
  the point is , why single out that one elephant when evidently , there are at least two others in the room too ? 
  or when possibly , to take the analogy a bit further , that elephant in the room is actually just the leg of a much bigger one . 
  oh , are you talking about eastern europeans ? 
  yeah , those are also problematic . 
   or respecting the laws sometimes the laws are shit and do n't work . 
   if i remember well orban stated he 'll stop them if merkel publicly asks him to upheld the law . 
  ... and exactly how does this not fall under `` hold them back by force '' ? 
  does orban possess some siren-like voice that would have enchanted the people and make them turn back ? 
   we would had been hit indeed if austria closed their borders . 
  so again , that should qualify as `` escalation '' , should n't it . 
  people were marching towards the borders . 
  orban said , sure , lets see how that goes . 
  so how would it have gone ?
