  so what now ? 
  do we do something about the poop or just look at it and complain how disgusting it is ? 
  an entire article by experts about the causes of and possible to islamic radicalization ... and we pick out the one anecdote in there that is just sort of not really relevant or useful to anything . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
   red : no problem  rose : unpleasant `` what ? 
  it was a compliment ! '', 
  `` you consider it a compliment to call me unpleasant ? '', 
  `` it 's the second best thing there is !, 
  ` do n't really care about you ' is reserved for close relatives and the love of your life . '', 
  czechs , evidently . 
   my point is that people refuse to see the veil in context with the society around it , and treat it as 100 % personal choice . 
  who said that ? 
  i said : we ca n't treat the veil as something that is impossible to choose freely . 
  saying that it is , that women should n't wear veils at all , that we should even ban them , that is n't a call for individual liberty . 
  it 's a call to replace on kind of authoritarianism with another . 
   we can not limit freedom of speech as we know it . 
  you 're aware that this is what is always said before a change that then goes by smoothly ? 
  sure we have to carefully consider changes , as we should theoretically do for every law . 
  but pretending that we somehow already live in some perfectly balanced system where every change will inevitably lead to devastation is naive ; because , as said , that is what everyone always thinks , no matter the circumstances . 
   the discussion was not about absolute freedom of speech , there 's no such thing in europe , you were talking about freedom of speech as we know it . 
  then the discussion is pointless because my point was that indeed , we can limit freedom of speech without completely destroying democracy . 
  and if we agree that we can limit freedom of speech without destroying democracy , then we can also discuss what can be exempted from freedom of speech . 
  you 're saying that democracy does n't work without absolute freedom of speech . 
  that is an assertion . 
  it 's the axiom used to justify absolute freedom of speech , but it is not a concise argument in itself . 
  ... and again , the very assertion without argument that i initially told about . 
  indeed , but they 'll do that anyway , whether we allow them to speak now or not . 
  that are just more assertions , no arguments . 
  we have banned holocaust denial . 
  do you think the ban on holocaust denial has or ever will stifle progress ? 
  we have to tolerate one thing because otherwise people might do a worse thing ? 
  that 's what we have the so called `` police '' for . 
  to keep people from doing illegal things instead of giving them concessions and hoping they wo n't do anything worse . 
  well then please explain for yourself why you consider free speech , specifically this kind of free speech , important . 
  i , for one , welcome our new novorussian overlords . 
  have you ever noticed that nobody actually does ever bother to explain why free speech is important ? 
  it always eventually just boils down to `` if you allow one kind of speech , you have to allow other as well '' . 
  but that is just an assertion . 
  it 's the axiom that the idea of free speech is built on , but is not an argument for having it in itself . 
  is n't it quite telling that you see no difference between the entirety of natives of a country and the ones who specifically choose to behave like dicks ? 
  really , why not . 
  why risk one kind of idiots clashing with other idiots . 
  if it was some kind of worthwhile protest it would be a loss , but for some identitarian movement morons ? 
  seriously , that 's just not worth the hassle . 
  i remember an article from the 90s where german neo-nazis tried to stage some memorial day for nazi war criminals and due to being banned in germany they instead tried holding it in luxembourg . 
  but when they arrived there , both the police and the local populace beat the ever-living shit out of them . 
  just like that . 
  i just wonder : why do n't we do this today more often ? 
  instead we pay millions of euros to secure those protests just so that some drunk idiots can show the hitler salute while some conspiracy theorists shouts about white genocide through the speakers . 
  solving the problems in europe is hard enough without having to babysit those idiots as well . 
  you 're literally quoting hitler on me to justify your belief that racism is a rational decision . 
  i honestly do n't know what to say . 
   the islamic faith , as a cultural construct , is pretty much a theocracy . 
  no , no religion can be a theocracy by itself . 
  by the definition of the oxford english dictionary :  a form of government in which god ( or a deity ) is recognized as the king or immediate ruler , and his laws are taken as the statute-book of the kingdom , these laws being usually administered by a priestly order as his ministers and agents ; hence ( loosely ) a system of government by a sacerdotal order , claiming a divine commission ; also , a state so governed . 
  you 're also treating `` the islamic faith '' as a monolithic entity . 
  and yet it has multiple interpretations and movements with different goals . 
  the closest thing to what you 're trying to define is `` islamism '' . 
   but in reality , many of the women who wear one are forced or coerced in one way or another . 
  but as i said , we make laws by how we want the world to be . 
  by saying `` people should n't wear veils '' we 're effectively saying that in no situation would a woman ever make the free decision to do so . 
   and no-one would suggest that the decision to only wear skirts ( and not work , and have many children , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  is not one that is informed by an oppressive environment . 
  and i 'm not saying that . 
  i 'm saying that we ca n't force women by law to not wear skirts , not work , have many children . 
   it 's the only understanding that makes any sense . 
  yeah sorry dude , but it does n't get any more rational because you proclaim it to be . 
  yes , our life is defined by group dynamics . 
  but those do n't need to be genetics . 
  you 're basically telling everybody who says `` i feel closer to this random person then to someone genetically similar '' that they do n't . 
  that 's not a rational argument , that 's a belief . 
  you appeal to biology , yet human development has reached a level where such an appeal is itself only driven by ideology . 
   the fact is that this strong psychological mechanic evolved in order to select for groups , however since humans ca n't actually see genes , they will use a number of other indicators , such as behaviour , in order to gauge the genetic similarities . 
  and yet , the individual here has a greater genetic similarity to the outgroup then to the ingroup . 
   this is why i 'm against government-owned media on principle . 
  they always toe the party line of whomever is in power , they must because that 's who pays them . 
  yes , german satirists are truly known as merkels biggest fans . 
  they 'd never dare making fun of her . 
   because genetic similarity is the basis of unity . 
  and you somehow consider this a less arbitrary belief then humanism ? 
  and that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  but if , allegedly completely coincidentally , the only ones who ever bother to demand it are the people you supposedly completely disagree with , that should at least make you think . 
  i mean , everybody believes their beliefs to be rational and acceptable . 
  the climate change denier will just as well say `` oh you know , i hate everything about them , but they 're the only ones speaking truth about the climate change lie ! '', 
  i think we should stay critical of ourselves , especially with those kind of signs . 
  if say , i 'm someone supporting freedom of speech in a country with a popular dictatorship , i can still find external justification for my ideas . 
  but when incidentally , your ideas only overlap with a reactionary , conspiracy-theory loving group of people , one needs to consider whether their beliefs might ultimately be rooted in those . 
   none of the established parties oppose merkel 's politics in the migrant crisis . 
  not in the sense of `` stop taking refugees '' , no . 
  so you know , maybe it simply is n't a good idea then . 
  but this is literally the only way !, 
  if we do n't oppress the people , then the muslims will !, 
  we ca n't let them win at fundamentalism !, 
   do you seriously believe muslim conservatives will vote for christian conservatives ? 
  [ they do . 
  ] ( http://www.kas.de/wf/doc/kas_21930-544-1-30.pdf?110216162956 ) about 15 % of turkish muslims in germany vote for cdu , which is admittedly smaller then what the average german votes . 
  but the same turkish muslims are also more likely to identify as moderate and extremely left then the general population , although also more likely to identify as extremely right . 
  the amount of turkish muslims identifying as right-wing incidentally also adds up to 15 % . 
  we do n't really have numbers for muslims from other countries , as turkish ones are currently the vast majority .
