  you ca n't teach fascism `` neutrally '' when the question `` was the holocaust real ? '', 
  really should n't be up to debate . 
  second , in the same way that schools have set it as their mission to show the scientific perspective , they have also set it as their perspective to show a certain social and political perspective . 
  that is inevitable , because , again , the sides here are n't equal , nor is there even a side that can be `` objectively '' right . 
  fascism is only ever `` right '' for a fascist and wrong for an anti-fascists . 
  and accordingly , the two can never peacefully coexist . 
  so with our current social contract , on which our school system is based , there ca n't really be a curriculum saying `` well you know , fascism might be cool , who knows , decide for yourself '' . 
  skepticism is important . 
  but simply presenting unequal sides of the issue as equal is not skepticism , it 's pure relativism , which inevitably leads to contra-factual superstition . 
  and when they 're against torture and the death penalty you 'll call them legal punishment avoidance enablers ? 
  ... so , the model regularly and heavily criticized by independent human rights organizations ? 
  so do i , and as i have said before , seriously , just let them do it already . 
  if everything goes well , well , good for them . 
  if it fails horribly , i hope they remember which politicians constantly used the threat of leaving as leverage to get countless exceptions to eu-laws and convinced them that leaving would be such a great decision . 
  so for anyone who keeps asking `` why do n't the germans finally get over the holocaust '' , that 's why . 
  so that we can now say `` turkey , that 's a fucking dumb argument and you know it '' . 
   why is the german government so pro-russian ? 
  you might laugh , but german nationalist-conservatives actually think that germany is extremely anti-russian due to imposing the sanctions in the first place . 
  so with merkels conservatives and the social democrats stupidly insisting on catering to a conservative base as well , you see something similar , just very toned down . 
  it 's mostly economic concerns . 
  sure it will happen , it already does , but again , what do you expect me to do ? 
  agree with the idiots to satisfy them ? 
   if they have made it through the asylum process then as i stated before just serious crimes should be cause for deportation . 
  so again : they have made it through the asylum process due to suffering conditions at home that are considered inhumane , such as torture or death . 
  you advocate to use those inhumane conditions as punishment for serious crime . 
   but isnt it true that many people feel there are double standards for migrants ? 
  yes , but i do n't really care what people feel about , i care about what is fact . 
  immigrants are punished just like everyone else - with the threat of deportation , even harder . 
  i do n't see why we should create an imbalance in the justice system just so that idiots perceive it as balanced . 
   that attitude is depressing . 
  what ? 
  that i see no reason to base our immigration and humanitarian policies on the rapes at tahir , because , again , why should i possibly ? 
   but you can never know if the person is lying or not . 
  so then just deport everyone , including the ones who have been `` stealing gum '' ? 
   wouldnt everybody then start saying they are under threat of death and torture in order to stay in the vastly better country ? 
  yes . 
  that is why applications for asylum need to be thoroughly checked and not just , like populists like to demand , decided quickly directly at the borders or have whole countries declared `` safe '' for everyone despite known human rights violations . 
   you need to make it so that the people see that the justice system is working . 
  you do n't need to deport foreigners to show that `` the justice system is working '' . 
  we do n't deport natives either and people still do n't see it as a failure of the justice system . 
  yes . 
  ... so you 're basically arguing that death or torture are acceptable punishments for rape ? 
   bullshit oh well then , evidently the evil foreigners invented sexual assault . 
   what about knowingly risking their lives ? 
  ... how exactly am i doing that by supporting letting refuges into the country ? 
  well , you do n't really need to personally like them to believe in a humanitarian duty towards them . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  some of them are criminals . 
  extremists . 
  simple assholes . 
  but it does n't really change my opinion about whether they should be allowed to stay . 
  this is not how those statistics work . 
  they apply to sexual assault as a whole . 
  you ca n't just take one instance of sexual assault and proclaim that ten times as many must have been commited on that specific occasion . 
  i mean , it 's not entirely wrong if they stated it the way she described it , as `` compared to the west '' . 
  there 's still obviously the question whether they consider it backwards for the right reasons and why they do n't allow criticism of turkey then , but we should n't pretend either that poland is somehow a beacon of progress in europe . 
  it was a non-binding referendum . 
  yes , not putting it through might prove unpopular , but as i said , everyone 's career is already ruined by this anyway . 
  you can practically smell the desperation . 
  how anyone could actually be dumb enough to put this through is beyond me . 
  i mean , the career of basically everybody involved in the clusterfuck that is brexit is over anyway , in some cases , from the very moment it began . 
  might at least have had the common sense to ruin it by refusing to listen to the referendum . 
   i dunno man , op 's map is basically the afd voter map . 
  it is in so far that right wing politics do stronger in rural areas and with male audiences , yes . 
  although the cdu for example is also doing very well with women . 
  but it 's not an exact map . 
  for example , afd is strongest in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , sachsen-anhalt and mecklenburg-vorpommern - yet those are n't the darkest areas . 
  it 's actually doing worse in brandenburg and th\u00fcringen , which are largely dark blue , than in some western states , which are a lighter blue . 
  and they 're actually 4th strongest in berlin , despite it having a surplus of women . 
  but i would agree that male sexual anxiety , is a major contributing factor . 
  or you know , lets find an even more accurate term that is sure to make some people very mad : it 's toxic masculinity . 
   and whatever you deem to be european will have been subject to radical change ( making europe more in line with the rest of north africa and the middle east in economic , philosophical , religious and cultural terms ) . 
  it might be , but i assume not the way you think it will . 
  it 's like they actually attempted reading critical theory but thought it was a manual on how to improve fascism . 
  while i do agree that the post is stupid and that there are much better reasons to hate the cdu the way it currently is , i still think there is value in pointing out that particular stance . 
  because personally , i consider it symptomatic for the kind of behavior that cdu regularly exhibits . 
  that being begrudgingly accepting social progress once they ca n't contain it anymore , without ever acknowledging their own former role in preventing it . 
  you might notice that the question `` if citizenship does n't matter , why have citizenship '' is kind of redundant . 
  for the country and the government , the answer is that so within the borders of a particular nation we can have what the government provides - rule of law , security , welfare ... 
  i agree . 
  those people are born here , they are our problem . 
  we ca n't just pretend that all our problems can be solved through deportation . 
  did n't end up so great the last time we tried it . 
   outside of the americas almost all countries pass citizenship by bloodline . 
  yes - and that 's just stupid and backwards . 
   that 's pretty bonkers , but i guess it means nothing to her fanbase . 
  i actually consider it pretty bonkers that trump tries to deny so hard that he cooperated with russia . 
  because i think his fanbase also buys that whole `` would n't it be great if we could be friends with russia '' bullshit . 
  i assume it 's more about appeasing the republican establishment . 
  i think this is something we might often forget ; that unlike the right wing populists in europe , trump only won because he had the whole republican party behind him . 
  while here , those people would actually split over two different parties . 
  ( look at le pen and fillon , look at wilders and rutte ) that 's what two-party systems end up with . 
   except they do n't have german citizenship at all . 
  a citizen can not be deported . 
  and that 's the point : the distinction is just stupid . 
   of course it is the western way of life to walk done the streets without being killed . 
  no , that 's just the basic expectation everybody has about their life . 
  there is nothing `` western '' about it . 
   an attack on somebody in the street born out of the same motivations that the perpetrator would have had is essentially an attack on freedom of speech and expression , both western values . 
  also no .
