   if a woman immigrates to sa , i accept her being forced to wear a veil . 
  that 's just hypocritical . 
   that 's leaving aside that hijabs are moral evils . 
  and that 's just ridiculous . 
  the new right has essentially attempted to solve this problem by either proclaiming a broad `` white nationalism '' or through the concept of `` ethnopluralism '' . 
  which they also use to paint themselves as peaceful , arguing that everyone can just stay where they are and nobody has to feel superior to anybody else . 
  of course , as we see here and many other times , this simply does n't work out because a major part of forming that national identity is in opposition to something else , often another nation . 
  eastern european nationalism is dependent on independence from russia , russian nationalism is dependent on the idea of reaquiring their old sphere . 
  german nationalists obviously ca n't support both . 
  ( in the same way , eastern european nationalists on this sub who hope for a resurgence in western european nationalism seem to be entirely unaware that just behind muslims , eastern europeans are the second most hated foreigners in western europe . ), 
  the whole `` union of sovereign nationalist states '' thing just does n't work out . 
  librul soviet cuck takes performance piece `` auschwitz '' by renowned german artist hitler totally out of context , gets it censored !, 
  [ cultural marxism ] * by firstamendmentatheistgamer *, 
  i would love for everyone i do n't like to just `` get out '' , but first , they do n't want to , and second , they have nowhere else to go . 
  it 's incredible what flimsy constructs you have to erect to get something resembling substance out of your superficial political knowledge . 
  `` liberals '' in the sense you use it are n't even a real category outside the anglosphere . 
  is n't it great how it went from `` evil commie collectivists '' to `` evil hyper-individualist liberals '' ? 
  we should have barred pence entry on account of being a potentially dangerous religious extremist . 
  would have really enjoyed the following uproar from the us . 
  what do you mean `` swayed '' . 
  evangelicals will always vote republican ( unless they have their own candidate , see utah ) , they could present a steaming pile of shit as candidate ( a literal one , not the figurative one we got ) , does n't matter . 
  they would n't even bother to abstain because they consider every evil a smaller one than a democrat becoming president . 
  by now , it is apparent even to basically everyone but trump and his voters that the republican establishment has stopped their course of fighting him and instead try to make him their puppet . 
  it 's obvious simply on account of how desperate they seem . 
  i mean , bullshit like betsy devos being secretary of education , thats clearly not some unique idea from trump , that would have happened with any republican president . 
  but that 's basically just scraps he 's throwing to the establishment so they think they have some sort of control over him . 
   sure , but they are drawbacks nonetheless . 
  of course they are , from our perspective . 
  from the perspective of the government and the conservatives it caters to , likely not so much . 
  the whole being tied down and forcing women to stay at home aspect is intended though . 
  i would even argue that the hungarian government does n't really care about the effects of free money as long as it makes those people vote for them . 
   ca n't we just deport those immigrants already ? 
  you 're not an `` immigrant '' when you were born here . 
  i assume you wanted to make some sort of argument , but all i hear is rambling . 
   any grownup should be able to admit that german media is simply more `` politically correct '' than american media . 
  the biggest newspaper in germany is bild . 
  politically correct it is not . 
  it 's basically `` trump - the magazine '' to be honest . 
   they probably love him for his constant use of ` fake news ' , which is the english word for l\u00fcgenpresse it is not . 
  `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' is an insult aimed at claiming that media is somehow controlled by the state or political interest groups or the jews or whatever . 
  it originates in right wing circles and is aimed at the mainstream press . 
  trump originally talked about `` the lying media '' as well . 
  `` fake news '' originally referred to the proven , objectively existing phenomenon of made up stories - most of the time from the political right - spread to gather political support , especially through social media . 
  it came from `` alternative '' media and was a term used by media critics . 
  but it was quickly co-opted by right wingers and is now used the same way that `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' / `` lying media '' was used before . 
   western values  the refugees love sweden because it is a country that is ashamed of its own culture  they can relate strongly with sweden 's hatred of israel . 
   yeah it 's not related to islam when they have riots in malmo about wanting to kill jews , because the non-muslim swedes agree with them on that and think israel should be destroyed too . 
  this whole post is pure gold . 
  why does he come to europe ? 
  i thought it was a lawless caliphate that no one dared step into ? 
   i just wish there was party that offered more realistic and sustainable solutions dealing with the refugee crisis without going full nazi doing so . 
  now think for a moment why this party just does n't seem to exist . 
   however , merkel to me is one of a kind and , despite all her failures , has proven the calm and calculated reactions i value highly during crisis . 
  those `` calm and calculated reactions '' consist of just waiting for people to get distracted by something new . 
  * `` nobody has the intention to build a wall !, 
  * `` the people who have accomplished these kinds of economical achievements have the right of not wanting to hear about auschwitz anymore . 
  '' * - franz-josef strau\u00df , former governor of bavaria -- `` stell dir vor , es ist krieg und keiner geht hin '' actually a translation of carl august sandburg 's * `` sometime they 'll give a war and nobody will come '' * from * the people , yes * , it has become heavily associated with the german pacifist movement . 
  falsely attributed to brecht like oh so many quotes . 
  * `` as it is typical in great britain to speak english , it is typical in germany to speak german . 
  '' * - guido westerwelle , former foreign minister , responding to a bbc correspondents request to take and answer a question in english -- `` das deutsche schicksal : vor einem schalter zu stehen . 
  * `` the german destiny : standing in front of a counter . 
  the german ideal : sitting behind a counter . 
  * `` whenever someone makes a good political joke here , half of germany sits on the sofa and takes offense . 
  '' * - both kurt tucholsky --, 
  you know , that 's the kind of excuse you expect from a common date rapist . 
  not from the fucking police itself . 
  ( we 've recently had a case here in the area where a man raped his ex-girlfriends daughter and claimed he must have done it `` while sleepwalking '' . 
  i mean seriously , how can people expect to get away with such flimsy excuses . 
  the very act itself is already deplorable , but those cheap defense attempts manage to somehow make it even worse . ), 
   if the roles was reversed i 'm sure you would be furious well of course . 
  different circumstances have to be treated differently . 
   so more precisely , the voters have influence in the topics that are important to them . 
  i would n't exactly call that a bad thing within a democracy . 
  i would , if those ideas run contrary to the concept of a democracy . 
   i did n't understand what you were trying to say in the first part of your text , sorry . 
  that i see no reason to panic about a immigrant minority that ca n't even vote possibly having reactionary ideas while an openly reactionary party polls at 20 % . 
  that 's just irrational . 
   you are acting like they take full control of the government once they get around 15 % or even 20 % votes next elections . 
  well , the people who are afraid of foreign reactionaries , are so despite them being an even smaller minority that does n't even have the right to vote , so huh . 
   this also creates pressure on the other parties to reevaluate their current positions . 
  which is the problem , that way , they do have influence . 
  i 'm not saying that they will immediately create a authoritarian state , i 'm saying that i consider them more dangerous then islamists . 
  so because we fear foreign reactionaries , we should just vote for the native ones ? 
  at the same time , to anyone outside of the right wing spectrum the issues over which they split will appear rather minuscule . 
  i mean , afd was never pro-eu or pro-immigration , the only thing the `` moderates '' of the party disagree on is how to word that . 
  it 's also a disagreement solely within the party leadership , because despite all those splits and scandals , their poll numbers stay constant or have even increased . 
  i do n't know why people always see that as a bad thing . 
  got it for free . 
  its nice , because , as said , i got it for free . 
  aw , now seeing the actual thing it is just underwhelming . 
  going by the users history , i assume the answer will be some tirade about immigration destroying europe . 
  going by the users karma , it also seems like a new account , likely made to evade a ban . 
   they 'd have no chance of putting forward a chancellor , since nobody would form a coalition with them . 
  it 's not just that , afd has also stated that they would not enter a coalition as the minor partner . 
  so not only do they lack any possible coalition partner ; even if there was one , they likely would n't accept the offer anyway . 
   they 're far less knowledgeable on politics than actual experts . 
  did n't you get the news , the people do n't want experts anymore . 
  honestly , why should we not listen . 
  i think the whole `` actors do n't know anything about politics '' argument is n't any less idiotic then blindly trusting celebrities . 
  trump fans also loved citing the few celebrities that were dumb enough to endorse trump .
