   ca n't think of better therm to describe people who in their righteousness to pursue good create more harm that good . 
  try `` cultural marxists '' or something like that . 
  makes you look very intelligent . 
  i 'm sure it will do so quite rapidly should afd ever gain power and fulfill their promise of `` cleaning up '' . 
   and the impossibility , which you apply to our potential solution in the eu oh , i do not consider it impossible . 
  it is possible , just as it is possible in australia . 
  the problems are the same , it 's what you call `` the choice of ignorance '' . 
   if we apply the same scrutiny we 've applied to hungary , greece etc. 
  for their treatment of refugees in a facility under full eu control we did not actually do that though , otherwise there would n't be countless reports of the very same abuses happening in hungary and greece . 
   but it is similarly unlikely with our german social housing as it is with that island . 
  that 's like saying that torture is as likely in any random american prison as it is in guantanamo . 
  sure , it is certainly possible in general , but it is not `` just as likely '' . 
  otherwise they would n't have built guantanamo . 
  the very purpose of that facility is to make the torture and unlawful detention of prisoners possible . 
  if one looks to the right , they can see a not so rare example of * dextrae fascii * , the so called `` concerned citizen '' . 
  this species is known for insisting that this time round , they 're totally right about everything . 
   you know damn well that there are checks and balances , control institutions etc. 
  ensuring that european policemen act within the law . 
  do you believe australia to be some lawless wasteland ? 
   it 's designed to remove them from european society . 
  you may consider that poistive or negative i consider it negative , and so should anybody with any concern for human rights . 
   you forgot to add all those people who died at sea before it was created . 
  since then migrants no longer swim and die at sea in such numbers . 
  so offer legal , safe ways of entering the country . 
   regressive leftist at least try to avoid the buzzwords if you do n't want to look like an idiot . 
   well that 's kind of my point then . 
  such a person seems to have no political voice in germany that is n't associated with naziism . 
  i wonder why that might be . 
   in a risky move you could vote for the afd with the hope that not enough others vote the same and the `` shock '' of a strong surge for afd will force the old stale parties to remove their useless leadership and pursue more pragmatic policies . 
  pragmatic policies , as in , becoming like afd ? 
   will and in parts already has offered detailed rules !, 
  oh yes , rules !, 
  lets just put a sign saying `` pls no human rights violations thx '' in the middle of the camp , it 'll work !, 
   it is n't impossible to house refugees in a way that agrees with eu laws . 
  indeed it is n't . 
  just house them inside the eu and make sure that the member states follow the rules . 
  we barely manage to do that , so why make it even more complicated with external camps . 
  yeah , i really do n't give a flying fuck about that . 
   it 's just about the legality of housing people on an island . 
  no , it is about human rights . 
  and that means it is about what happens on that island . 
  and guess what , no fucking rule the eu makes up to feel good about itself will solve any of that . 
  ask yourself why that is the case . 
   but the criticism mainly stems from the facilities themselves , right ? 
  ] ( https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2016/country-chapters/australia#5a664c ), 
  the question is , why would you even want to make an omelette if the omelette is nothing but `` being a violator of human rights '' . 
  ... australia , which is repeatedly criticized by human rights organizations for how it treats refugees . 
   because `` demos '' is still the opposite of `` aristocrat '' . 
  how so ? 
  aristrocrats are just a group seen fit to participate in decisions at the time . 
  which , as you repeatedly told me , is enough to be considered a democracy . 
   i do n't think there is much of a correlation between `` having a communist government in the past '' and religiousness levels . 
  [ there definitely is here . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/konfessionen_deutschland_zensus_2011.png ) ( yellow is catholic majority , purple is protestant majority , blue is non-religious majority . 
  darker shades mean a larger majority . ), 
  i would like to give a nuanced response , but the government took my hands away for wrongthink . 
  i 'm typing this with my penis right now , but i fear that they 'll take it away next , oh my god they 're already, 
  yes , but that is what i find so surprising . 
  when you look at eastern germany or the czech republic , even despite their intense distaste for communism as a whole , certain values have stuck . 
  such as the lack of religiousness . 
  poland on the other hand just went straight into the opposite direction . 
   if such a framework mandates that children will shake their teacher 's hand at the end of a lesson it does not though and neither should it . 
  i 'm always amazed that when it comes to social values , communism barely seems to have had any impact on poland . 
  i agree with what you have said , but you might notice how in the situation you lay out , the harasser is clearly active in some way . 
  such as repeatedly asking people for dates , which they refuse . 
  if you swear or insult people , that 's also an active process . 
  refusing to shake hands is a non-active process . 
  someone wants to shake your hand , you refuse . 
  at that point , if they insist on shaking hands , they 're basically harassing you . 
  ( i do n't think we should punish it as such , but i do n't think the law should force anybody to shake hands either . ), 
  yes , as you will see from my comment history , i 'm well known for being hardcore religious . 
  you can find the original comment as ridiculous as you like , but at least have the intellectual honesty to not just throw out an allegation like that . 
  how would you possibly get `` it 's okay when these people throw gays off buildings and stone women for being raped '' from that comment . 
  so what . 
  being an asshole is n't illegal . 
  i think it 's a bad idea . 
  without religious classes offered by the state , people will turn to the religious groups themselves . 
  groups which we have far less control over then schools . 
  the new subject also seems problematic , as it seems to put topics that should already be discussed elsewhere together ( many of them in religious classes , actually ) . 
  so either those were discussed before , and are now discussed in the free slot instead , which i would argue is not enough space . 
  or they were n't discussed before which is , well , bad . 
  or they are discussed both in this new subject and other subjects which is redundant . 
  overall , i do n't see the positive benefit . 
   no , it does n't . 
  for quite self-evident reasons . 
  which reasons ? 
  you said it yourself : as long as it is representative of the group seen fit to participate in decisions at the time . 
  in that time , no one but the king , by divine right , was seen fit to decide . 
  very small group . 
   there are real limits how far you can stretch it oh , suddenly there is ? 
   as long as it 's representative of the group seen as fit to participate in democratic decision at the time in that specific culture , you have a democracy . 
  which is why , again , absolute monarchy counts as democracy . 
   democracy is the system where , just as the name implies , ruling or some part of it happens by demos - the people . 
  and `` the people '' can be a group as big or as small as you like . 
  so every political system where somebody decides anything is a democracy . 
  fine , keep telling yourself that every system where someone decides something qualifies as a democracy . 
   we still do not have universal suffrage , as underaged people are not allowed to vote , non-citizens and most certainly non-residents are typically not allowed to vote and so on . 
  which still fits the definition of democracy . 
  a de facto oligarchy calling itself democracy on the other hand does not . 
  lets stop beating around the bushes , what do you expect me to do instead .
