  all throughout the night where was speculation whether it was an islamist attack . 
  people went wild with speculation before , and when it became apparent that the killer was of german-iranian origin , those people saw all of their speculation justified . 
  now , a few days later , more details have emerged : that he was born here , living his whole live in germany . 
  that all of the victims had an immigrant background themselves . 
  that the family generally seemed well-educated , although somewhat poor ; the father reading kant and schopenhauer , the killer himself probably even bullied for working too hard in school , as reported by former classmates . 
  that the killer glorified a broad range of mass murders and school shooters , like the german tim k. , or anders breivik ( the attack happened on the anniversary of the ut\u00f8ya killings ) or elliot rodger in the us . 
  that he was also , as presumed earlier , a huge nationalist , being active in multiple such online groups , evidently adoring the german nationalist-conservative party afd , and as former teammates in counterstrike report , spamming the chat with anti-immigrant and anti-semitic rhetoric . 
  but the very people he adored so much , they essentially stopped listenting after `` german-iranian origin '' . 
  it appears that due to the rapid follow-up of events and the short-livedness of the news these days , we have basically reached a point where we want to have the full story the very day an attack . 
  more professional journalists will at least try to wait for a bit , but as we see here , even then the follow-up reporting may get lost in the stream of more recent news . 
  meanwhile , opinion making is getting more and more influenced by informal forms of journalism - blogs , people on twitter , etc. 
  - who do not hold to the same standards and might thus start speculation well before anything is out . 
  this has become so prevalent that a common talking point is now the weird conspiracy that `` if they need so long to report something , they are definitely making something up '' . 
  there is no `` our country '' . 
  there is no `` our people '' . 
  there is no `` our culture '' . 
  there is no `` keeping the bloodline pure '' . 
  all of those are stupid fantasies to deny the reality of a globalized society . 
  my neighbor thinks that we should deport all muslims , climate change is n't real and women should n't be allowed to vote . 
  i do not . 
  who of us will have to go , so that the rest may `` trust that your neighbor thinks a lot like you '' ? 
  the problem with this nationalism , even `` defensive nationalism '' as you call it , is that , quite simply , there is no place for me in it , nor is there for most other people . 
  nationalism only has a place for nationalists . 
  i think it 's a mix of both . 
  the leave-campaign definitely pushed the whole `` and then we 'll get a new deal with the eu , on our own terms '' - idea in their campaign . 
  but obviously , it 's possible that many had the even more far-fetched idea that if just freed from the abstract shackles of the eu , the economy would suddenly boom so hard that westminster would just pay for all the former subsidies . 
  ... did you expect me to go `` oh , i just noticed , nationalism is actually great ! '', 
  after that post ? 
  every single sentence in there is a reason to despise it . 
  and yet , we have politicians here who insist on the importance of continuing the refugee deal with turkey . 
  at this point , turkey has itself become a country that we should accept refugees from . 
  it just shows how happily we abandon our precious values and human rights he very moment that we might profit . 
  i do not know whether to laugh or hit my head on a table over that statement . 
  it just reveals the utter idiocy at the core of those peoples vote . 
  i mean , the whole idea here was always , we leave and then we force the eu to give us a better deal then now ( basically , trumps '' ... and mexico will pay for it '' ) , without ever bothering to consider that the eu might simply tell them to go fuck themselves because they know full well that the pressure is greater on britain than on them . 
  they genuinely expected the benefits to stay while lowering what they have to contribute . 
   what happens the second someone who does n't follow the `` same democracy '' as you takes power and strips those fabric of society ? 
  then fascism happens , as did the last time where we had a democracy that just let any possible movement , no matter how anti-democratic , get elected . 
   there is not a single issue that should n't be put up for a debate . 
  okay . 
  explain why . 
  explain why we specifically need to discuss whether we should gas the jews . 
  do you think this might possibly a good idea ? 
  the correct solution to whatever problem ? 
  you do n't just get to claim free speech `` just because '' . 
  you want some specific kind of speech to be allowed , good , then explain why . 
   when the truth is the west is leading the gay rights movement around the world . 
  no it is not . 
  it is slowly and reluctantly giving in where the conservatives in power feel like they ca n't stand against it anymore without feeling bad . 
  except of course for the people you so valiantly defend here who believe that homosexuality is a cancer to society that needs to be eradicated . 
   change requires time and infringing personal freedoms is not the way . 
  no one ever gave the germans the choice to slowly ease into not being nazis . 
  and i sure do n't blame the rest of the world for that . 
   because you have no idea how humans tick . 
  in your world after every terrorist attack the answer should be : stay home and pray for those of the islamic faith that will be abused because of this attack . 
  i have no idea how humans tick , but you evidently know perfectly well how i do . 
   there is a very good word describing what your kind is . 
  you know that it is `` regressives '' . 
  i sure know who keeps using that word to refer to anyone who does not want to tolerate their vitriolic bullshit anymore . 
   but all of those are meant to introduce bias . 
  oh no , bias in favour of democracy . 
  so horrible . 
  yeah sorry dude , but i do n't need to be unbiased in the sense of `` maybe hitler did nothing wrong '' . 
  if we ca n't even agree on that , the discussion is obviously pointless . 
   there is a good reason all democratic states have freedom of press/speech guaranteed in their constitutions . 
  and there are even better reasons that none of those are unlimited . 
  we have hate speech laws . 
  we have holocaust denial laws . 
  the kind of free speech you imagine was never a reality , and will hopefully never be . 
   almost all western governments have passed legislation to fight climate change and in a lot of them gays have all possible rights . 
  that statement is utterly irrelevant for the point we discussed . 
   the only authoritarian is you . 
  the circle is complete and the next fascists are the anti fascists . 
  wah wah wah , that bullshit is really getting old . 
   define extreme . 
  a father tells his son a marriage is between a woman and a man . 
  he is not violent just against marriage for gay couples . 
  should his son be taken away for `` reeducation '' ? 
  a father beats his kids because his religious beliefs allow and demand it - extreme . 
  a mother abuses her gay son due to her beliefs , for example through conversion therapy - extreme . 
  a family puts their children in danger through reckless behavior based on conspiracy theories - refusing to vaccinate them , refusing to bring them to a doctor when ill , etc. 
  - extreme . 
   look at uk and it 's stupid obsession with online `` filtering '' , look at germany and the social media crackdown on skeptics . 
  we will see a new face of europe in 15 years if things go down the way they are heading . 
  germanys social media crackdown on what you call skeptics is the least of my concerns right now . 
  seriously dude , i do n't get it . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i just do n't get how somebody can see people who openly proclaim their extremist intentions , who call for lynchings , for open genocide , for a takeback of every liberal reform of the last 50 years and then say `` you know who the real fascists are ? 
  the one who want to stop those people ! '', 
  it just eludes me . 
   are refugees not contained somewhere while their requests are being processed ? 
  you might notice that germanys history with `` containing '' people is n't particularly great . 
  an empire is an empire , not an union . 
  it is inherently supremacist , even where it leaves greater cultural freedoms in the conquered countries as long as it they do n't threaten the rule of their overlord . 
   define better . 
  more focused on our societal problems and not just hypothetical usefulness in the economy / in `` measuring '' educational success ( for example , standardized testing ) . 
  more critical thinking , more media literacy , more politics . 
   a state dictating how a media conducts is very slippery slope . 
  why the fuck is it always a `` slippery slope '' to pass the slightest restriction ; while unlimited , unchecked freedom is somehow not ? 
  we have codes of media conduct , we just have no way to enforce them .
