  i mean , really , that tells you so much about this whole situation . 
  the stats say things are going well , but the public disagrees , therefore they define what is real and what is not . 
  i like the article though , it 's well written . 
  ** northern sweden , 5000 bc : ** `` hey guys , new inside joke . 
  everytime we talk about beer , we call it ` jugos ' !, 
  it 's complete nonsense that i just made up !, 
  people will have no idea what we 're talking about ! '', 
  `` ugh , this will never catch on , dude . '', 
  and you know what the first concern was for those people , what dominated even mainstream discussion at the beginning ? 
  eastern european immigrants . 
  because they fucking hate them . 
  afd in brandenburg made border protection and security a major topic long before anybody talked about middle eastern immigrants . 
  remind me , what borders does brandenburg have ? 
   `` the idea is to bring islam and france closer , '' mr chev\u00e8nement says . 
  `` it 's a sort of cuisine a la fran\u00e7aise . '' i mean , that 's a fine idea , certainly better then france 's current course of laicism , i just fear that he is still too rooted in that tradition to actually go through with that . 
  `` they are idiots , but there 's other idiots too . '', 
  yeah , that really made me reconsider things . 
  thanks for that important perspective . 
   poles are white they are not . 
  they are dirty slavs . 
  do not even dare compare you to the proud anglo-saxon herrenrasse . 
  oh boy , who thought that racists could be some real dicks about whom they consider similar enough to themselves and who not !, 
  but i mean really dude , the problem starts with you trying to understand european racism in terms of `` white '' and `` non-white '' . 
  oh yes , xenophobic bigots are normally known for such nuanced views on race and nationality , how could they do such a thing , i do not understand . 
  it worked out `` just fine '' because other countries decided that they did not actually recognize those `` democratic '' decisions of the german people as valid . 
  if the world actually approached hitler with an `` he got elected , so it 's fine '' angle , history would indeed had turned out differently - and not for the better , i dare say . 
  but i think that discussions goes in the wrong direction anyway , since my comparion was n't about saying `` fn = literally hitler '' . 
  i mean , apart from the fact that it is highly subjective which subjects consider more pressing , i find it quite revealing that in that whole discussion , we do n't even ask whether that party we only reluctantly vote for even has a good solution . 
  we just keep talking how it is `` necessary '' , basically implying that the question has already been answered . 
   like muslims deny evolution ? 
  but what about yeah seriously dude , your post is a prime example of `` how not to make a good point '' . 
  they always had those stances though . 
  even lucke had . 
  sure , it has gotten worse . 
  but this is one of those typical right-wing discussions where every idiot goes `` oh , i 'm actually exactly in the center of society . 
  this guy here who is one step further to the right is totally crazy though and has nothing in common with me ! '', 
  federal elections will be such a fucking shitshow with everyone rubbing their hands for merkel to somehow fail and then pull through while all the germans on reddit go `` told you . 
  told you about federal elections . '', 
  what is probably most interesting about this party is that they have actually gotten really good at painting themselves as only moderate critics of islam . 
  which makes it somewhat easy for them to paint themselves as victims . 
  there is definitely a major divide there too . 
  when they drafted their national program , there was for example a big discussion whether they wanted to have a paragraph stating that they would cooperate with attempts to reform islam - that part was actually cut out , as proposed by the extremist wing that the h\u00f6cke-guy the other comment mentioned , the one with the `` sexual strategy of africans '' ( basically the whole wrongly applied r-k-typus-bullshit ) , belongs to . 
  fairly influential wing , especially in the east . 
  so that is a quite obvious indicator of what they actually want - they even stated in the proposition to cut it that it would `` run contrary to the idea of islam not belonging to germany '' . 
  but on the other hand , and that 's the truly interesting and revealing part here , is that they are a lot less cautious and much more obvious when it comes to other typical topics of the far right . 
  they repeatedly talk about `` early sexualisation '' , basically the whole `` schools make our kids promiscuous and also gay '' - story , or how there needs to be a `` welcoming culture '' ( abusing the term applied to integration for refugees ) for unborn children , stating that if birth rates ca n't be raised , abortion should be banned , gender studies should be banned from universities , media and schools should put positive emphasis on traditional families and gender roles , artists need to `` emphasize positive national identity '' and so on and so forth . 
  also , lots of barely veiled references to some secret elites dictating all of that . 
  so as said , way more open about the whole culture wars bullshit then they are about immigration . 
  oh , they also deny climate change , but really , at that point , that 's just the cherry on top . 
   the turks that have lived here for fourty years are n't meant when someones talks about `` the migrants '' . 
  yes , because the people who vote for right wing populists have always been so very adamant about that important distinction . 
  * cough * attacks on poles in the uk after the brexit vote . 
  * cough *, 
  they actually consider russians such an important demographic that they printed their program in russian . 
  when questioned whether they 'd print it in arabic , they refused , saying that arabs need to learn the language . 
  when asked whether russians do n't , they did n't answer . 
  that 's basically all anyone ever needs to know about afd . 
   i 'll laugh at the next cologne or bombing . 
  i mean , apart from how incredibly revealing that is about your actual attitude - you do n't really care about people , you just jerk yourself off telling how right you were about everything and how they deserved what happened to them - it 's also quite idiotic . 
  i honestly would n't care about `` the next cologne or bombing '' . 
  i would n't care if radical islamists burned down half of europe , to be quite honest . 
  it would n't change my stance on refugee policy . 
  would be strange if it did , quite honestly . 
   we have zero information on what the people who did n't vote previously voted on this time . 
  uh , yes , we have . 
  that 's what voter migration polls are for . 
  they were never gone , that 's the problem . 
  then the csu is not too conservative for your liking . 
   it 's the same strategy they used in america and now sweden and other parts of europe . 
  you forgot to mention the frankfurt school . 
  damnit dude , how is this supposed to work if you do n't talk about the jewish menace ? 
  it makes no sense without that part !, 
  you 're a disgrace to our cause !, 
  merkel will change the law for obtaining citizenship and will make it illegal to be german and also foreigners reproduce through cell division i read it on infowars, 
   people can also vote out of solidarity with other states . 
  oh how i love it when people know whats best for others , no matter what those others think . 
  you just said that csu is too conservative for your liking . 
  do you think it will suddenly become less conservative within that year ? 
   it is small , east-german and unimportant . 
  i mean , i know what you mean , but still , that hurt . 
   but i do hope it wo n't come that far ( due to csu being too conservative for my liking ) so do n't vote for them . 
  really should n't be that hard . 
   legitimate concerns such as ? 
   why would you be worried about democracy being practiced ? 
  if the french vote for fn then that is what the people want . 
  it 's nothing to be worried about , perhaps unless you 're an illegal immigrant or an islamic extremist . 
  why would you be worried about democracy being practiced ? 
  if the germans vote for nsdap , then that is what the people want . 
  it 's nothing to be worried about , perhaps unless you 're a communist or a jew . 
  afd stands between 10 and 14 % at the national level . 
  even if they got all of those or chose to form a coalition with them , it would still split cdu . 
  an afd-cdu coalition does not have a majority now , and it would definitely not have one with a split cdu ; especially not when afd has stated that they will never agree to a coalition with them as the minor partner . 
  and again , what would happen . 
  spd would never agree to that and the union-parties ca n't form a majority by themselves . 
  even black-red-green is more likely than merkel stepping down for an anti-refugee grand coalition . 
  csu would just become another blockading party in the opposition . 
  csu and cdu made the deal that csu can run for itself in bavaria , while cdu runs in all other states , and that they 'll implicitly always enter a coalition with one another . 
  their `` separation '' basically only exists on paper . 
  oh , a bundes-csu would certainly get some votes from afd-voters and also cdu-voters , also non-voters ( it would lose some to a cdu in bavaria though ) . 
  but the question is basically , what happens then .
