   maybe it would be different when it is you being censored for saying the right thing . 
  yes , yes that would be a different thing indeed . 
  that 's the fucking point . 
  it is idiotic to presume that censoring anything will automatically lead to censorship of everything . 
  if i was censored for saying the right thing , that would be bad . 
  but since here we are talking about censorship of racial hatred , i do n't see how i could possibly become affected . 
  today on `` context , what the fuck is it even '' : rushdie offends through something considered blasphemous . 
  nazis on facebook offend through promotion of racial hatred . 
  slight difference , would n't you agree ? 
   `` looking like a rapist '' is a stupid phrase . 
  and that is the exact point . 
  by literally holding a `` this is not what a rapist looks like '' sign ( and through what he said in his blog post ) , he invokes that very idea that rapists are some vile degenerate force of nature operating completely separate from the `` good '' men he believes himself to belong to . 
  looking at the picture and reading the blog post that started the whole thing , i conclude that the dude is one incredibly stupid asshole . 
  it does not justify harassment nor make some of the criticism leveled at him any less hyperbolic or unjustified , but please stop treating as the innocent , brave defender of free speech . 
   as long as that 's provided , i do n't see why state should be required to go above and beyond things they do for their own citizens , because democracy only works as a welfare state . 
  for everyone , not just refugees . 
  again , if the system is already shitty , we should change it . 
  not say `` if we ca n't have it you should not either '' . 
   in germany , schoolgirls were advised not to wear revealing clothes , as to avoid `` misunderstandings '' ( aka being raped ) with `` refugees '' . 
  they were asked to do so by bigoted officials who suspected that refugees might be offended . 
  when journalists investigated the case , they discovered that no complaint , neither from the refugees nor from allegedly molested women was ever filed . 
   you do n't apply for a refugee status from your own country , you apply for the from the first safe country . 
  and , as it has been said countless times , this system simply does n't work because it would mean that no one would ever be eligible to apply for asylum in central europe . 
   what 's idiotic is failing to realize that each country first and foremost have responsibility towards their own citizens . 
  a country foremost has responsibility towards upholding democratic principles , whether citizens want it or not . 
  of course you can believe your version , but please remember that it 's the first step towards fascism . 
   and native population are n't responsible for poverty in the countries of economic migrants and therefore should n't be required to provide them with everything and support them with tax dollars . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  why do you think those countries are poor ? 
  of course we are responsible , we 're still benefiting from colonialism . 
   come on guy , this is just sloppy thinking , you do n't realize that illegal immigrants require support funded by tax payer money ? 
   how about i come to your house , live there , eat your food , all without your permission , i mean it 's not like it 's hurting anyone right ? 
  people have a profound misunderstanding of what taxes are . 
  they are n't `` your money '' . 
  they are n't comparable to someone getting into your house and stealing your stuff . 
  they 're part of the social contract that makes up the state . 
  imagine , say , that i said `` i do n't want my taxes to be used to provide public education to this persons children because i do n't like them '' . 
  i do n't get to say that . 
  because , as said , taxes are n't my money anymore . 
  i pay them , and i receive the benefits of the state . 
  sometimes more , sometimes less . 
  always something . 
  so no , i do n't see how someone crossing the arbitrarily defined border of europe without someones permission hurts me . 
   and are you sure that you 'd manage to make them integrate in your culture ... or they 'd integrate you in their culture once they reach a critical mass ? 
  there 's currently 51 million refugees worldwide . 
  even if all of those came here - and they do n't even do that - they would still be a minority . 
  so what exactly do you consider `` critical mass '' ? 
  how is a minority of muslims in the country supposed to force us into the islamic caliphate of europe ? 
  and if they really are that powerful , do n't we kind of deserve it ? 
  if actually brought them here , yes , this would be a solution . 
  as i said , people keep going on about creating camps `` down there '' . 
  but the point is , all those camps existing are a terribly inadequate solution . 
  they 're illegal , and created in the middle of nowhere . 
  to actually provide sufficient help , we would need to build whole cities , with all the appropriate infrastructure in them , on foreign soil , countries that do not necessarily want to have those cities . 
  i also agree that politicians have been very short-sighted in having known about the crisis for a long time , yet refused to prepare , and now act as if they were taken by surprise and it was just impossible to help those people . 
  that is specifically because we need to get those people here , because it at least put pressure on politicians . 
  as i said , its naive to believe that we 'll suddenly start funding local programs when we have refused to do so so far and only bothered about the crisis now that we 're actually confronted with the refugees . 
  poland has no resources ? 
  how does it continue to exist then ? 
  really , you want to tell that poland would instantly collapse the moment it has to accommodate , let me look , a proposed 5000 refugees ? 
  that sounds like the country is either unbelievably fragile , or its government is overreacting . 
  so again , either the crisis can be totally handled , or we deserve the collapse . 
  apart from that , great how you know the story of my life just like that . 
  well at least you 're honest about being a bigot . 
   again , you are overlooking the fact that the burden of responsibility lays on the immigrant , not on the host country . 
  the `` burden of responsibility '' does not mean sole responsibility . 
  again , if a state effectively declares `` we wo n't bother to do anything and then act amazed when we do n't see positive results '' , you have effectively declared the state obsolete . 
   also , jaywalking or not buying metro tickets is not the same as illegally entering another country , then refusing to provide documents of identification . 
  i do n't see the major difference , i honestly consider illegal immigration a rather petty violation of the law . 
  it does n't even hurt anyone . 
   so now we have to change our own laws in order to `` integrate '' illegal immigrants ? 
  what 's next , maybe i should put on a burqa , as to not offend them ? 
  maybe ban alcohol ? 
  stop eating during ramadan ? 
  where does this appeasement ends ? 
  cats marry dogs , yadda yadda . 
  the slippery slope was always a profoundly stupid argument , and , again , a declaration of moral bankruptcy ; so please stop making it . 
   pretty sure that if i were to move to muslim country , and disrespect their laws , you 'd not be criticizing the laws , you 'd be criticizing my lack of respect to he host country . 
  depends on what laws . 
  i believe in ethical universalism , not legal positivism . 
   so you are saying that europe should not have any borders , internal or external ? 
  in the long term , yes . 
  in the short term , some sort of borders will be necessary , but no need to overdo it . 
  right now , it 's effectively impossible to immigrate to the eu for a refugee legally . 
   even if your statistics are correct , and 50 % of people are legitimate refugees , then who is anyone else ? 
  first , at least 66 % are legitimate refugees . 
  more than that can be as well , and , again , i would not take the law as an absolute truth here . 
  for the rest , what people most often ignore is people applying for asylum and actually having it . 
  of course we have to take in the people applying for asylum until we know whether they are eligible . 
  you ca n't tell people `` hey , stay in your country until we determine whether you face prosecution there '' . 
  even less so with asylum laws demanding that you can only apply for it within the borders of the specific nation . 
  when it comes to people who are rejected , there are differing opinions . 
  on the one hand , there 's legitimate criticism that the decision to deny asylum might not necessarily have been a good one . 
  this especially applies to the dublin iii deportations , often into countries where refugees will be mistreated . 
  but also other questionable decisions - roma are often not acknowledged as persecuted , e.g. 
  - or the simple concern that people are torn from communities they have already integrated into . 
  but we rarely discuss those nuances because some idiots are too busy to rally against refugees in general . 
   especially when people who lived and worked in europe their entire lives are struggling to make ends meet ? 
  again : `` i have a shitty life , so other need to have it as well '' is an incredibly idiotic attitude . 
  refugees are n't responsible for poverty in the native population .
