  if it allies with cdu again , people will feel betrayed and quickly go away again . 
  it could also ally with afd , which is currently considered taboo . 
  which might again , drive away voters , but more importantly , gaining a majority there would be very hard . 
  the potential for the far-right is limited , with voters basically just moving from one party to another without any significant growth of the total share . 
  i think `` pretty extreme '' is quite an euphemism for a party that literally named one of the chapters in their official party program `` integration is genocide '' and another `` segregation of germans and foreigners '' . 
  `` openly fascist '' might be more appropriate . 
  it 's really quite simple and it 's ridiculous how everybody tries to paint it any other way . 
  not only have all other parties refused to cooperate with afd , afd itself has said that they will refuse to cooperate with anyone as the minor partner . 
  that makes it basically impossible for them to actually become a ruling party in the next years . 
  so that option is off the table . 
  the other possibility for merkel to be ousted would be a coup of her own party . 
  but again , the cdu is dependent on a coalition , preferably with spd . 
  spd will not agree to such a coalition though if cdu puts an anti-merkel/anti-refugee candidate at the top . 
  the only option would therefore be a majority of cdu and fdp , which currently barely gets over the 5 % barrier . 
  so again , very unlikely , although it is the most probable option out of all the ones i just layed out . 
  so the final option would be civil war or a military coup . 
  not actually all that likely . 
  on other words , beginning of the end , not this time . 
  earliest possible option would be the next election in 2021 . 
   she 's losing support inside the party , thats actually huge . 
  we 're not a two-party system though . 
  if cdu actually tries to oust merkel and take a anti-refugee stance , they will likely not only lose those voters and members who stand behind merkel , they 'll also lose spd as a coalition partner . 
   there 's probably some stigma associated with saying that you voted for afd in some way , yes . 
  on the other hand , all the people who like to claim that they 're somehow forbidden to say things ( as in , afd voters ) love to loudly and publicly say so all the time . 
   your comment is basically baseless , 100 % incorrect . 
  it 's not . 
  afd stands between 10 and 15 % in berlin , despite having way more refugees , who are packed much tighter . 
  so again , who else . 
  seehofer is a moron , but he is n't dumb . 
  he knows that his csu wo n't survive a separation from the cdu ( and the predictable split of his voter base ) . 
  and he also knows that spd wo n't agree to a grand coalition with a cdu with an anti-merkel/anti-refugee course . 
   this resullt is also interesting , because merkel did n't announce yet if she want to candidate for another term as kanzlerin . 
  so this result could make that decision interesting again . 
  she will . 
  who else would ? 
  `` it 's not hate , everything i do and think is solely guided by facts and logic ! '', 
   they 'll most likely end up having a situation where the uk will be outside the eu , but with similar benefits and obligations towards it , so it 'll be a sort of `` non-brexit '' brexit and most brits will ( probably ) be okay with it . 
  but that 's exactly what the brexit camp wants to anyway . 
  they 're not dumb enough to honestly advocate a complete separation , they just think they can get some special deal with all the benefits but none of the responsibilities . 
  which is , of course , dumb . 
  that 's what makes the whole thing so ridiculous : no matter what they do , it will end up the same way , with a shitty deal for them . 
  the only reasonable option would be staying in the eu - that 's the best deal they 'll get . 
   after leaving safe country , refusing completely secure balkan countries and accepting only northern europe , most of them are de facto welfare migrants . 
  and i do n't give a flying fuck about that . 
   even those who are n't let in will probably integrate better because they stay in their home countries . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i 've heard all week . 
   canada and australia has no duty to serve as welfare office for the whole world . 
  we 're not talking about welfare immigration though , we 're talking about refugees . 
   except that this is n't eugenics . 
  eugenics tries to `` improve '' human race , not to destroy it . 
  well , one may argue that no human race might just be inherently superior in certain aspects to having one , but fine , lets do more classical stuff . 
  mandatory abortions for the poor and lowly educated . 
   immigrants integrate better . 
  they have higher employment rates , lower crime rates , they are more willing to accept canadian and australian values and law , less fanatic religiously etc. 
  how can people who are n't there integrate better ? 
   eugenics is a well known pseudoscience and it does n't work . 
  oh , it does . 
  just abort all male fetuses . 
  violent crime will be significantly lowered initially and completely dissappear within a few generations . 
   restricted and controlled immigration policy is applied in canada and australia and it works . 
  it works for what exactly ? 
  has australia somehow become free of crime ? 
   controlled and more restricted immigration policy would be the best way to address these problems . 
  no , it would not , as i just said . 
  i 'm not advocating either to adress crime by eugenics . 
  so why should i advocate using immigration policy ? 
  you keep defending afd , a party that openly does so , as acceptable . 
  why , if you supposedly do n't believe any of this ? 
  if there are hate crimes , punish those hate crimes . 
  you ca n't seriously expect me to advocate using immigration policy to adress those problems . 
  why do you dislike women , homosexuals and non-christians so much ? 
  i do not doubt that you will find some of their content very interesting , i just question whether it is really possibly to separate the good from the bad there . 
   * how do you define integration ? 
  how do you test if someone is integrated and is qualified for citizenship ? 
  tests on necessary day-to-day knowledge and political attitude . 
   * how do you treat children of people that do n't qualifie for citizenship ? 
  denying them citizenhsip ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the ones born here or the ones coming here ? 
  born here : should automatically gain citizenship . 
  the others can apply for it when they are old enough . 
   * what does it mean for a socitety and its internal cohesion if large parts of said society are not citizens , but only second grade `` inhabitants '' without full voting-rights etc. ? 
  not much , really . 
  it 's not like it would be very hard to gain that right to vote . 
   * and would n't these non-citizes and their ideas somehow influence society and its values , even without voting right ? 
  again , not much , really . 
  i do n't think german women will suddenly start wearing the niqab just because we allow immigrants to do so . 
  i mean , one could certainly argue that it can lead to a surge in reactionary thought here due to the whole idea that we can somehow only `` fight '' the evil muslims by becoming more like them because our liberal society is weak and yadda yadda , but in my honest opinion , those people are here anyway , they 've always been here , they will probably and sadly always be here , they just sometimes become louder . 
  we should n't assume that problems are solved just because we ca n't hear them . 
  like that time when they complained about homophobia in the muslim community and then immeditately followed that up with another video decrying a german politician endorising adoption rights for homosexual couples ? 
   integrating them into society ? 
  yes . 
  they refuse - they do n't get citizenship . 
   and refugees can obtain citizenship after six years , which means they are able to vote after 6 years . 
  so in six years we might have 2 million voters for such a party ... if all immigrants would vote for such a party and all obtain citizenship . 
   and i heard about this anti-women stuff and of course anti gay rights ( christian party after all ) but i have n't heard anything they actually want to put into law . 
  as soon as i do i will make up my mind . 
  anti-science is completely new to me . 
  might be , but i have n't heard anything about it . 
  you want to vote for a party without even having read their fucking program ?
