  i do n't understand why they want to go the uk either . 
  i would rather expect people to move out of the uk right now . 
   sorry , i do n't understand what you mean . 
  refugees and most immigrants ca n't vote !, 
  there is n't some `` sharia law now '' party !, 
  there is just the afd !, 
   which ideas do they share ? 
  anti-secularism , anti-womans and gay rights , anti-science . 
  and you feel content defending a party unacceptable by modern democratic standards ? 
  you fear a reactionary minority , because , as you say , it leads to a shifting of political ideas . 
  okay . 
  so there are shifting political ideas with no political influence . 
  to combat this grave threat , you instead want to vote for another party , as in , an entity actually able to influence politics . 
  a party that is itself , reactionary and quite similar in political ideas to the ones you supposedly fear . 
  and as said , thanks to you , now able to actually push those ideas . 
  do you now see why i consider that incredibly stupid ? 
  and so again , you fear the person who opposes secularism but can do nothing about it more than the person you just gave the power to actually do so . 
  okay . 
  so lets assume that afd is indeed a center right party because some people insist that cdu is somehow on the left now . 
  then i have to conclude that center right parties are completely unacceptable too , since i can easily look at their agenda and say `` nope '' . 
  you 're more afraid of an reactionary minority with no political influence then you 're of a reactionary party you plan to vote into a majority ? 
   far right , ok , but depends on your frame of reference . 
  my frame of reference is one where the republicans are quite obviously far right . 
   the npd is far right but calling the afd that is just the left trying to make them unappealing to voters . 
  the npd are literal neo-nazis . 
  the `` far right '' does n't just start with literal neo-nazis . 
  so do n't . 
  they 're a nationalist party . 
  take a wild guess . 
  everytime someone links a `` face of a dying nation '' video , i think to myself , then please just let it die already . 
   i do n't think so . 
  most of their opinions would have been center cdu 10-20 years ago . 
  maybe , but cdu 10-20 years ago only reluctantly agreed to legalize gay sex and declare marital rape illegal . 
  i 'm sure afd would count as far left when compared to anti-abolitionists in the 19th century . 
  so we compare them to modern standards , and by modern standards , they 're far right . 
  as the others have already said , but mecklenburg-vorpommern is even standing out in the east . 
  it is , besides saxony , the only state where the npd managed to get into parliament after reunification and the only where it is currently still in . 
  in the current polls though , they are actually below 5 % , with the afd effectively substituting them . 
  i could , theoretically . 
  but i would need some reason to do so . 
  yes , but again , what does it matter . 
  it 's not like a 19 year old rapist/murderer pretending to be 17 is any more dangerous than a rapist/murderer who is actually 17 . 
  it would sure be nice to know peoples actual age anyway , but the priority should clearly be on preventing the rape/murder , should n't it . 
   there are serious concerns , though , about children falling victim to predatory adults who have lied about their age . 
  earlier this year , a boy of 12 was raped in refugee accommodation by another refugee who claimed to be 15 . 
  a dental x-ray suggested the attacker was closer to 19 . 
  later that month , a 22-year-old swede ( herself the daughter of immigrants ) was stabbed to death by one of the refugees she was caring for -- another adult claiming to be 15 . 
  okay , sorry , but i do n't get the point here . 
  do they think that the victims would have found any relief in knowing the actual age of those perpetrators ? 
  i think they would care more about the fact that they respectively got raped and killed in the first place . 
   they do n't want refugees and when they look at france and germany , they know why . 
  poland under szydlo / hungary under orban / etc. 
  or a refugee shelter next door . 
  i think that choice is quite easy to make . 
   and far-left open-borders migration . 
  it does n't become true just because you keep repeating it . 
  i 'm surprised the czech republic is so high up . 
  is your economy genuinely doing that well or do you have a system similar to germany where many unemployed people are hidden away in `` educational '' programmes ? 
  i hope it includes multiple targets in tacky hawaii shirts insisting they 're just on vacation when shot . 
   i mean , you may think that the upper limit is high enough that it wo n't be hit , but surely you 'd agree that there are practical limitations on what germany can handle . 
  yes , and that is exactly the point . 
  there already is a certain natural limit to what we can take . 
  we can also not really know that limit right know , we can probably estimate it , but ultimately , it 's a concern for later . 
  what the upper limit everybody keeps talking actually is , nobody can really say . 
  they just throw random numbers into the room what they would like to take , with no real connection to actual possible capacities . 
  i mean , we could set an upper limit right now : seven billion people . 
  i can agree on that . 
  it 's just as meaningless as any other number . 
  but the whole discussion of the upper limit , and the fact that nobody proposing those upper limits has actually proposed how to enforce them , shows that it 's all quite pointless and diverts from the actual issues . 
  what the fuck are we even discussing anymore . 
  i said that orban did n't stop the refugees by force , you say the same . 
   18-24 year olds were the only age group to oppose a ban ; all others were in favour , with the oldest 65 + group backing the prohibition by a startling 78 per cent to 12 . 
  * sigh * what bad has this pattern ever done to us , huh ? 
  the original comment is deleted now , i assume because it violated the rule about calling for violence , but basically , it referred to the incident in such a way that it was very clear from which side of the political spectrum it came from . 
   merkel would n't have endorsed it , she would have condemn the use of violence , hence orban losing twice the support . 
  but why would orban use violence if merkel did n't ask him though ? 
  he had no reason to . 
  that 's exactly what eventually happened : he send them marching to the borders thinking , well , i wo n't do anything to stop them unless someone asks me to , and they wo n't ask me . 
  you 're right , the focus on assault weapons is idiotic . 
  there would need to be a general ban on all guns as long as you ca n't prove that you need them - for hunting , for sport , etc. 
  people would still be able to obtain guns , but the whole culture surrounding it needs change . 
   civilians owning guns does n't start some sort of arms race , it just acts as a deterrent for criminals . 
  remind me , does n't the us have the highest gun homicide rate in the world ? 
  by far ? 
   yet i bet you 're perfectly fine with mena folks going on diatribes that defend their cultural identity , given past posts of yours . 
  i 'd love to see what you 'll now be coming up with . 
   i meant reactionary insofar as strict gun laws limit self defense with a firearm to those wealthy or powerful enough to afford personal bodyguards . 
  `` the proles are too stupid/can ' t be trusted with guns '' seems to be the narrative pushed by an awful lot of politicans who have armed men protecting them . 
  or maybe those proles do n't want to enter some stupid arms race where , because everyone else has a gun , they need one too . 
  i would not want semi automatic weapons in those peoples hands either . 
   reactionary goddamnit , can no one get this right for once . 
  it 's reactive , not reactionary . 
  we can respectfully disagree on the rest of course . 
  okay , maybe not respectfully , but we can disagree . 
   category culture and media  keywords :  ban | heritage why am i not surprised . 
  i just told you that we currently have a surplus of 18 billion euro . 
  and that is after already considering the current cost of migration . 
  and you 're seriously asking me where we 'll get 86 billion dollars for the entirety of the next four years ? 
  i see , the old `` maybe everbody should just worry about their own country '' - shtick . 
  always works to well , does n't it .
