   they did n't stopped at so many safe harbors but keep on moving towards more welfare . 
  because those safe harbors do n't actually want to take them in . 
  of course refugees move to the country where they have the biggest chance of getting accepted . 
  anything else would be stupid . 
  what the fuck . 
  yes , yes there is a [ major movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mothers_against_drunk_driving ) caring about victims of drunk driving . 
  and yes , quite many people do not drive while drunk . 
  quite astonishing , is n't it . 
  seriously , did you even think about your post for one minute ? 
   send away all migrants who do not have a legitimate reason to flee their country of origin . 
  in practice , this means that we would only accept people from syria , and a few other special individuals who have particular reason to flee . 
  this deals with the economic migrants . 
  we are already denying those people asylum . 
  they come here anyway and yes , this is a natural part of the process . 
  people dream of a world where you can tell whether someone is eligible for asylum the very moment they cross the border . 
  we can not . 
  ( not to mention the obvious issues with defining who is eligible , because rarely do i see someone defining `` eligible '' in any fair way . 
  the arguments can reach anywhere from `` only people from literal warzones '' to `` actually , no one at all because they all passed through safe countries '' . ), 
   target all smuggling networks . 
  this means working with the relevant authorities in tunisia , egypt , algeria and turkey . 
  for libya there is no functioning government , so we would have to send in troops ourselves to destroy the smuggling networks . 
  this means arresting individuals and destroying their assets . 
  smuggling will dissappear by itself when we offer legal and cheap options for entering the country . 
   refugee processing centres in the regions surrounding syria . 
  allow them to apply for asylum to europe from there . 
  first , in many countries you can currently only apply for asylum when you 're actually in that country . 
  it 's a very noble idea that this might be changed , but i think we both know fully well that the very moment we have found a way to keep refugees out of the country , we wo n't offer them any possibility to get in anyway . 
  it 's the same with `` we have to solve the local conflicts '' . 
  no one will actually attempt to solve the conflict , they 'll just take it as a reason not to let anyone in . 
   fourth we will increase our financial and logistical aid to the countries bordering syria in the understanding that they will continue to protect and care for the several million refugees who are already there , and a significant portion of any more of the 6 million refugees currently within syria . 
  i 've said it before . 
  people keep forgetting that simply because it 's `` down there '' , it 's not endlessly cheap to provide for those people while trying to maintain the same standards as in europe . 
  the giant refugee camps in libanon and the like are improvised . 
  they 're illegal . 
  they 're not linked to any sort of infrastructure , no canalisation , no clean water , nothing . 
  we would have to build entire towns to provide acceptable conditions , and lebanon will not exactly be a fan of entire towns being built , no matter how much money we give them . 
  we can have camps down there , and we should put money into improving conditions in those camps . 
  but we have to recognize that they 're only a short term solution , only a reception center with the eventual goal being bringing those people to europe . 
   we 're letting millions of unidentified migrants enter our countries without even searching them for weapons . 
  uh , yes . 
  that 's what open borders mean . 
  we let millions of unidentified migrants , both from inside and outside the eu travel unobstructed . 
  how exactly are the migrants from outside more dangerous then the one from the inside ? 
   the ones who get asylum use family unification to bring in another four or five people . 
  next generation their children marry their cousins or friends from their countries of origin so they can bring in the rest of their families/villages . 
  that 's not how family reunification works . 
   they now have gigantic voting powers and they use them . 
  they impose speech codes on university campuses , drive away the last jews out of europe , make it impossible to be publicly gay . 
   this is basically the end of europe unless we do something . 
  the end of europe is not muslims . 
  the end of europe is right-wingers destroying the very values and laws they pretend to defend . 
  who is the biggest enemy to gay rights , womens rights , to religious freedom and freedom from religion ? 
  they very people and parties complaining about immigrants , those are . 
   another interesting point the prime minister raises is that the level of disagreement between the main danish political parties simply is n't all that high . 
  he leads a right-of-center party , but he says that four years ago when he visited a us political convention he went to the democratic convention and so did his main opponent on the center-left . 
  that does n't mean the disagreement `` simply is n't all that high '' . 
  it just means that there is no major genuine leftist party in the us . 
  the democrats would be considered conservative in europe . 
  this is a common problem of trying to regulate capitalist society through the means of capitalism , in this case , tax raises . 
  to get rid of private schools , we have to address the issues that cause their existence . 
  as long as private schools have any sort of advantage of public education , people will want to send their kids there . 
  only by equalizing the educational quality , teachers salary , etc. 
  can we get to a point where we can start to disincentivize private schools . 
  i agree , it does not , but it wins a fraction of the population that has felt left-out before , exactly because they were implicitly aware that it would never be possible to give their views major political traction . 
  the rise of afd was therefore very sudden and very surprising , but when comparing it to other right-wing populists in the eu , it also seems very underwhelming . 
  i personally wonder where afd might max out , i assume it 's somewhere between 10 and 15 % . 
   by the next election they 'll be irrelevant again . 
  they already split up once . 
  if your weapon of choice is populism and hateful paroles those weapons turn inside sooner or later . 
  as seen with the first party split . 
  the moderates left , the party radicalized . 
  now the party is radicalizing even further and the less radical ones are preparing to leave . 
  i agree with your general analysis , but the point ist , the party did n't actually shrink . 
  sure , about an eight of their official members left , but their predicted election result has largely remained constant and even grown somewhat . 
  alfa , the new party formed by the former less radical members is consistently stuck with `` others '' in polls . 
  the point is , the party was always that radical . 
  the program of alfa and afd do n't have any massive differences , it 's mostly the rhetoric surrounding it that differs . 
  it reminds me of the old npd policy of `` credible radicalism '' , where they tried to tone down the classic neo-nazi rhetoric as to appear more credible . 
  but that has failed , and as i see it , afd has gone through the same process , eventually recognizing that their voter base does n't want credibility , but crass populism . 
  that 's what people keep forgetting . 
  the only real anti-immigration coalition could happen between cdu and afd , but cdu considers a coalition with them unthinkable . 
  at the same time , while afd initially had voters drifting in from all parties , if we look at the percentages now , it appears that their current gains come mostly from former cdu voters . 
  meaning that the hypothetical camp does n't actually become any bigger . 
  this is the most current prediction , from yesterday : party | 31.10.2015 --------- | ---------- cdu | 36 % spd | 25 % greens | 10 % fdp | 5 % the left | 9 % afd | 8 % others | 6 % now , for the distribution of seats this would mean : if fdp gets into bundestag : party | 31.10.2015 --------- | ---------- cdu | 38 % spd | 27 % greens | 11 % fdp | 5 % the left | 10 % afd | 8.5 % ... meaning the only possible coalition is a grand coalition , although a jamaica coalition would theoretically be possible as well . 
  if fdp does not : party | 31.10.2015 --------- | ---------- cdu | 41 % spd | 28 % greens | 11 % the left | 10 % afd | 9 % ... meaning the only possible coalitions would be a grand coalition or black-green . 
  depending on minor shifts , we might also see red-red-green . 
  anyway , the point remains , there is no possible way for afd to become a governing party , and i do n't think there 'll be one in the near future . 
  you call it crumbling , i call it change . 
  it 's responsible for you even being able to hold and spread your idiotic opinions . 
   personally , i think that german people should receive german citizenship upon birth , any non-german citizen should have to earn that right , either by proving that he thoroughly acts and thinks like a german , or , ideally , by serving germany for a good amount of years . 
  well , then do n't be amazed that people consider you a danger to modern society . 
   they come from safe countries , they do n't have a right to asylum in germany . 
  yadda yadda , by your definition , no one has and no one will ever realistically have . 
  it 's ridiculous to tell us how it is `` unrealistic '' to take in refugees , while just pushing all of them to the outermost members of the union is somehow not . 
  first , `` the german people '' and `` german citizens '' are not identical , at least in the sense that the only ones ever bothering to talk about `` the german people '' in the sense that you do , will not see them as identical . 
  second , no , the german government is not solely supposed to represent and care for `` the german people '' . 
  again , universal human rights . 
  that 's why we even have a right to asylum , that 's why most laws protect non-citizens right as well . 
  it 's voted for by some german citizens , and it governs the nation of germany . 
  i do n't see your point .
