   they have about as much in common as a firecracker and a nuclear blast . 
  the difference in size does not matter , the background does . 
  and the background is mostly identical why should i have the smaller evil when i can have none at all . 
   more crime , more religious extremism , more ethnic conflicts , more homophobia and misogyny of the worst kind , more poverty , increased inequality . 
  well , and most of those are also happening when i vote for those parties . 
  so , huh , again , why choose between one reactionary ideology and another reactionary ideology when there is a third option ? 
   do as hungary and australia does . 
   with border stations where refugees could seek asylum without stepping on eu soil where do they live , who pays for it , and going from that , why then bother about them stepping on eu soil . 
   demand that genuine refugees come directly from a warzone please tell me about the warzone directly adjacent to the inner eu countries , or where you see such a one appearing in the predictable future . 
   deport all the recent migrants into turkey or whatever safe country they came through . 
  you are aware that you ca n't deport people to countries that do n't want them , right ? 
   we can increase foreign aid and pick some limited number of refugees in a regulated manner directly from refugee camps we did that . 
  the numbers were too small . 
  if the system does n't work , the system needs to be changed . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  why should they ask for asylum in a country that is not likely to grant it , or grant it under inhumane conditions . 
   see , this is your problem . 
  you have no idea what fundamentalism is . 
  being against gay marriage is not fundamentalist , it is a legitimate mainstream opinion , even if i disagree . 
  supporting harsh punishments for homosexuality , adultery , apostasy , that is real fundamentalism . 
  and that kind of medieval bs is almost extinct in europe , while being the norm in middle east and north africa . 
  ... and obviously , those things have nothing to do with one another . 
  so again , we choose the `` lesser evil '' of accepting this bullshit as to ... well , as to what ? 
  what the fuck is the alternative ? 
  please finally tell me what is the unavoidable greater evil if i do not vote for those parties . 
   of course you can . 
  hungary seems to do it just fine . 
  hungary is letting people in , it asks them to register , then does n't provide anything to them until their claim for asylum is decided months later . 
  or it 's straight out keeping people outside , correct , without even bothering to check . 
  how is hungary `` doing fine '' here . 
   immigration is a privilege , not a right asylum is a right . 
   it is the case . 
  immigrants form mena countries have singificantly higher crime rates than native europeans , both eastern and western . 
  this trend holds all over europe . 
  what . 
  seriously . 
  finally tell me . 
  what the fuck are we supposed to do . 
  yes , there are criminals . 
  we can only know which ones are once we let them in . 
  we can only punish them once we know they have committed a crime . 
  so what the fuck are we supposed to do any differently ? 
   so how does that integration thing work for them ? 
  as expected . 
  overall going very well , sometimes hard , nothing impossible . 
   and us ? 
  how is it supposed to `` work for us '' ? 
   why not rather help in areas closer to where they come from ? 
  how ? 
  as i said elsewhere , we 'd need to build whole cities , on foreign soil , from scratch , to house the refugees . 
  preferably with the government of that foreign soil agreeing to it , which is highly unlikely . 
  it would also make decentralized housing impossible , leading to more violence and less opportunities to bring positive change to the communities . 
   certainly . 
  gay marriage is nice to have but not really important , abortion will not be banned at all , at worst there will be some minor restrictions , `` voting against feminism '' is almost a positive , whatever that means , sex ed is a minor issue and again , it will still probably exist , more nationalism is what europe needs right now , stricter immigration control is what europe desperately needs right now . . see , this is your problem . 
  you 're not concerned about fundamentalists . 
  you 're fine with the end result being exactly the same . 
  you 're merely envious . 
  you want exactly the same as them , but you do n't want it to happen under the label of islam . 
  you 're asking yourself : why can they demand authoritarian policies and we can not ? 
   you are allowing almost completely unregulated and unrestricted mass immigration from regions again : you ca n't actually know whether anyone is a criminal before you 're checking them . 
  you ca n't decide whether someones application for asylum is valid without letting them in first . 
  we ca n't keep people out because they might be criminals . 
   and where historically immigrants from this regions had several times the crime rate of native europeans i just told you that this is not the case . 
  you know , the title somehow makes it sound like the events were related . 
  like `` german man accidentally opens berlin wall , succumbs to wounds 26 years later '' . 
  sooo ? 
   so voting for anti-immigrant parties does not mean voting for fundamentalists usualy . 
  let 's look at what i 'm voting for when i vote for the german afd : - against gay marriage - against abortion - against feminism , sex education , representation of lgbtqi * people - against minimum wage - for a bunch of nationalist bullshit - against immigration and that is supposed to be the smaller evil here ? 
   because `` foreigners '' is a very diverse category . 
  they are shitty , but only some . 
  being tolerant of all foreingers is just as ignorant as hating all foreigners . 
  the most rational approach is to oppose those who are problematic and welcome those who integrate very well . 
  and how exactly are we not doing that ? 
  you 're acting as if people get a free pass on crime simply because they 're refugees . 
  that 's what integration is for . 
  if shitty culture and religion caused the collapse of europe , it would have collapsed already , because unsurprisingly , those things have already been native here . 
   voting for lesser evil indeed makes perfect sense . 
  how the hell is this the lesser evil . 
  there is no party wanting the sharia here , and there will be none in the future . 
   local `` fundamentalists '' are a lot less fundamentalist that foreign ones , due to hundreds of years of reformation , modernization and secularisation . 
  this is the most stupid thing i have ever read . 
  if our fundamentalists would hold any of those values dear , they would n't be fundamentalists . 
   anyway , majority of the migrants arent even from syria . 
  if all we were getting were genuine refugees from syria , i would be much less concerned . 
  but as it is now with wide open borders , we are unable to even be sure about who is coming inside . 
  it is people from entire middle east and north africa sensing an opportunity and moving inside . 
  so again , answer my question , why am i supposed to be bigoted against foreigners , but only some ? 
   globally ? 
  and it wont be long before the same thing is true in europe , as long as we have open borders . 
  so again , we 're supposed to vote for the local fundamentalists to keep the hypothetical foreign fundamentalists at bay . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
   migrants from the outside are far poorer , less educated and have far greater crime rates and rates of religious extremism than those from the inside . 
  syria had a homicide rate of 2.2 in 2010 . 
  that 's identical with the one of norway and lower then some eastern european members of the union . 
  eastern europe in general has higher crime rates then western europe . 
  so please tell me : why am i suposed to listen to the people in my country who call refugees criminals , but be outraged when they very same people do so for eastern europeans ? 
   the point is that private schools were undertaxed up until now , and that particular tax exemption burdened other types of businesses . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  the article made it appear like a new/raised tax , not like the removal of a tax exemption . 
  thank you .
