  the inherent issue is still a racist idea of `` whiteness '' , whether people fully identify as white or not . 
   he was a palestinian muslim , are palestinians not `` people of color ? '', 
  you 're thinking of fort hood 2009 , where i said that i agree with you , adding the religious aspect . 
  fort hood 2014 was committed by a puerto rican american . 
   if white people make up the majority of mass shooters , it 's because we make up the majority of the us population . 
  those numbers do n't even remotely match , especially when including gender . 
   homosexuals are n't a foreign group trying to impose their own culture homophobes might beg to disagree . 
  seriously , that 's what this argument boils down to . 
  `` no , it 's different with muslims because those are the bad guys !, 
  they 're foreigners !, 
  they 're trying to impose their culture ! '', 
  you 're legally protected from getting repercussions at your job based on political beliefs and actions ( as long as it does n't hinder the proper execution of your job , see the case of kim davis ; or delves into illegal territory ) . 
   but there you go , in this pc world you can have any opinion you like ... as long as it agrees with pc you can have any opinion you like , people might just call you an asshole for it and chose not to associate with you any further . 
  the dc sniper is obvious , although like san bernardino there is a link to radical islam there as well - so was fort hood if you mean the one in 2009 . 
  i 'll give you the washington navy yard . 
  but really , elliot rodgers , umpqua community college and fort hood in 2014 ? 
  those people all pass as white by any measure . 
  elliot rodger was actively obsessed over thinking himself to `` not be white enough '' and a huge racist . 
  for harper-mercer , the only indication is a `` mixed race '' on his dating profile , yet he is also confirmed to have been a white supremacist . 
  and all of those were nonetheless straight men . 
   the notion that only white males commit mass shootings is pretty absurd i never said that only straight white males commit mass shootings . 
  i implied that there is such a clear imbalance when it comes to mass shootings that the idea that `` leftists '' are constantly trembling in fear that it may be some minority they want to protect is just very unlikely . 
  even `` rightist '' are aware of that , otherwise they would n't have been so quick to try to label the planned parenthood shooter as transgender solely based on an incorrect registration . 
  '' ... and you must be dumb to because otherwise you 'd agree with me . '', 
  no , i 'm commenting on a thread about a study that shows that boys generally fall behind . 
  i do n't see it citing any of the reasons reddit loves to . 
  i agree mostly ; i just think that too much focus on discipline and standardized testing can be bad in itself ( see recess being cut , the known shortcomings of standardized testing , etc. ) . 
  but in that case , it 's not like girls just love sitting around quietly half of the day , so it affects them as ell . 
  your wise leader orban demands that you cancel your contract for the glorious nation of greater hungary !, 
  we will show the capitalist pigs !, 
  i say this to the corrupt , decadent leaders of the west : my people are ready to suffer !, 
  you will not break them ! '', 
  `` uh , actually , we really liked our new 3g ... '' `` shut up peasants '', 
  `` school is dumb because i did n't like it '' . 
  great evidence , sherlock . 
  we need to rethink both schools themselves , but also how we even think about school and education in relation to masculinity . 
  the assumption seems to be that whatever boys do n't want to do/aren ' t supposed to like/aren ' t good at is dumb anyway ( e.g. 
  humanities ) , and also that they 're just inherently good at other things . 
  that leads to them not even bothering to dive into the side they believe to be dumb , and not work hard for the other side either as their supposed talent is enough . 
  and then there 's the pride about `` not letting others tell them what to do '' that earns them approval from their peers . 
  we also know that certain ideas seem to reaffirm themselves . 
  telling women that they 'll have a hard time with maths has been shown to actually lower their mathematical abilities in a following test . 
  and it is a well established sociological observation that kids of low social status have internalized the idea that they 'll never amount to anything , lowering the inclination to do so . 
  accordingly , i believe that the idea that schools are somehow pitted specifically against boys has become so mainstream that boys themselves start to believe it and make it responsible for their personal failure . 
  but at the same time , school as we know it does need to be reformed . 
  it is in many cases an overtly restrictive system , in which girls happen to do better in as they 're taught to me more tolerant of restrictions . 
  schools right now follow a strict curriculum and most attempts to reform it have mostly resulted into it being blown up with entirely an pointless focus on `` soft skills '' and `` qualifications '' that were , by common sense , always implicit beforehand but now need to be filed as extra paperwork . 
  ( seriously , in evaluation sheets for oral exams these days there 's pages upon pages where you will always give full credit , unless someone literally does n't appear , or does n't say anything , or , i do n't know , starts attacking one of the teachers present . 
  and at the end , the final mark has to be decided by personal evaluation anyway . ), 
  so what schools end up doing is trying to get everyone through somehow by sheer force , with no special regard for anyone , whether the one who could do much more if they had the opportunity , nor the student who would need more individual help . 
  in my opinion , there need to be three main aspects of a progressive education system . 
  first , students are taught facts whether they ( or rather , their parents ) want it or not ; and are thought how to critically examine information . 
  a functioning society depends on it 's members having some semblance of intelligence . 
  when a major part of our political discourse consists of arguing against facts themselves , or spewing conspiracy theories , or continuing to discuss problems that should have been resolved years ago , then something has gone horribly wrong . 
  second , schools should be a playground of opportunities . 
  people keep saying that school should only teach `` important '' things while everything else should be confined to free time . 
  this is a fucking horrible approach . 
  if all you ever learned and did in school was reading , writing , arithmetics and maybe a foreign language , you still have no damn idea what you want to do with your life . 
  and , see above , for many people , parents will not help you find the answer either . 
  school can provide opportunities , guided opportunities at that , to discover that . 
  and yet , again , going by the first point , should should also force kids to do certain stuff , so they should also be forced to at least try to those opportunities . 
  third , the primary restrictive force of school is movability . 
  the issue is n't having separate school types , or the existence of marks , or the concept of having to repeat a year . 
  the issue is how those already shape expectations and educational careers and thus separate `` good '' students from `` bad '' students . 
  that brings light to an issue that may demand a very radical solution : we need to abolish all kind of non-public schools . 
  that religious schools need to disappear is already clear from the first point , but the problem with private schools - although it can also happen in a softer form with public schools - is that well-off parents can take their kids out of `` bad '' schools and put them into better schools - either private or in some other way more expensive , e.g. 
  a long way to drive - thus reinforcing that image of a `` bad '' school because only kids with less educational opportunities stay behind ; and only teachers who do n't find better paid work . 
  so effectively , by forcing parents to have their kids in those `` bad '' schools , they have a motivation to make them better . 
  the goal should be to have equal opportunities and equal quality of education . 
  3 , 2 , 1 , `` i 'm a man and i found school stupid / schools are too feminine these days / humanities are dumb and only for girls '' - discussion ensues . 
   since then they clarified they meant that they will order government employees to terminate individual 3g contracts , not to back off from tenders and development ones . 
  hahaha , oh my god , this is so ridiculous . 
  but think about the real estate value !!!, 
  and all the fictional stories about refugees eating children alive we 'll have to spread in the future !, 
  it 's so bothersome !, 
  it 's literally fascisms that i do n't get to make and keep my environment ethnically homogeneous !!, 
   mass shootings happens in america :  leftists - please be a cisgendered , heterosexual white male , please please please !, 
  well seriously , tell me about all the times when it was n't . 
  not to mention that the real concern is gun laws and gun culture , not the existence of straight white men . 
   this is isis we 're talking about . 
  ten percent have some respect or understanding for joining isis ? 
  that is absurdly high . 
  9 percent of germans agree that `` the jews are still holding too much power today '' . 
  11 percent believe that `` there were good things about the third reich too . '', 
  7 percent believe that the `` law of the fittest '' should be the driving force of politics and society . 
  ( source : http://www.fes-gegen-rechtsextremismus.de/pdf_14/fragilemitte-feindseligezustaende.pdf ) really , when it comes to extremism , 10 % is n't that high of a number . 
  i mean , every single extremist is obviously one too much , but it 's not above the average in any way . 
  well , if the woman is okay with bringing up the child by herself , that 's okay to . 
   it satisfies all the scientific requirements of life and has human dna . 
  then just pull it out and see how well it fares . 
  after all , it 's full-blown life , is n't it . 
  also :  have the baby , give it up for adoption . 
  europe is in sore need of people . 
  ugh , seriously , dude ? 
   why would just one of the two parents have to consent to screw both of their lives up ? 
  because it 's her body , not his . 
  saying that it is a fact does n't make it one , you 're aware of that , right ? 
  no , the democracy that does n't defend itself against its abolishment has already lost . 
  seriously , what did i even expect from discussing with nationalists and their sympathizers . 
  `` did it happen in our country ?
