  also , if you 're rich enough to bribe a german official , you will not leave your home country due to poverty . 
  should be quite logical , actually . 
  and , as said before , influx rate does n't actually matter all that much because there is still eventually a finite number of refugees . 
  apart from that , see / u/humanlikecorvus explanation of the difference between `` familienzusammenf\u00fchrung '' and `` familiennachzug '' . 
  and as i said , the majority of those forged passports were owned by syrian natives . 
  so only an incredibly small minority possibly pretends to be syrian . 
  yes , and so would shooting them on sight , right ? 
  i thought we should follow the dublin rules . 
  then how are the `` real refugees '' supposed to have more room and better living conditions when those very rules , as you demand , confine them to the outermost countries ? 
  i 'm well aware of my ideological glasses , i just never considered `` basic human decency '' to be such a controversial ideology . 
  the biggest news story about `` fake syrians '' was about forged syrian passports . 
  there have been a few hundred of those found , but 80 % of them belonged to actual syrians . 
  so they all end up in the outermost countries or outside the eu . 
  how does that solve anything ? 
  yes , that is the known statistic that only 20 % of refugees are syrian , i do n't see how this proves that the others pretend to be syrian ? 
  indeed . 
  i never understood how people can genuinely follow this `` well if others do n't do it we should n't do it either '' line of thought . 
   a good portion of them are n't even coming from syria and pretend to be syrian just to get in . 
  i hope you have some numbers supporting that . 
   i 'm sure you already were before all of this . 
  i can smell your leftist anti-german stench from here . 
  spotted the nazi . 
   i hope she 'll lose the next elections . 
  i too do hope that , it 's time for red-red-green . 
  because bavaria is the most conservative state in all of germany . 
  the csu will push every stupid bullshit as long as it makes people vote for them . 
  predictably , most of their projects fail . 
  they have already tried a toll but only for foreigners ( killed because it would have likely made less money than it would cost and obviously conflicted with european laws ) , a premium for stay-at-home mothers ( killed by the constitutional court ) and banning the hijab ( killed by the constitutional court , but they currently still refuse to accept that ), 
  and austria sends them to hungary and hungary either puts them in camps with horrible conditions or deports them even further . 
  does n't . 
  work . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  does n't . 
  work . 
  we can argue all day about that law , but it does n't change anything about this fact : it . 
  does n't . 
  work . 
  and it never will . 
  we have to distribute refugees across europe , because , again , the law does n't fucking work . 
   well , populism was completely right about not helping greece , from the start ... wat . 
  or you know , just open auschwitz again . 
  i mean really , if we want to put the moral compass that low , it 's just the next logical step . 
   that 's funny that when hungary tried to do their job and stop the influx , there was a hysteria about evil , hungarian nazi xenophobes killing poor non-violent refugees on its borders . 
  yes , because , guess what , hungary is ruled by national conservatives and has been shown to mistreat refugees . 
  `` but we 're following eu law ! '', 
  does n't change anything about those facts . 
  that was worded badly then , because it sounded like `` she was described as the opposite of that , except for this part '' sounds like `` she was actually described as this part '' . 
  refugees in germany are distributed across the states , based on their economic power and population . 
  that means bavaria still has to take in a major part of the refugees ( the second biggest , actually ) , due to being one of the richest states , but it 's not the `` majority '' - it is actually only 15 % - and it 's not based on their geography in any way . 
   does n't merkel see that not trying to stop the masses entering germany 's border is going to eventually drown the entire country ? 
  if the two options here are maybe `` drowning '' in those masses of immigrants , or definitely living in the kind of society envisioned by the average / r/europe user these days , i 'll take the drowning any day . 
   this is literally the opposite ( well except the left-wing ) way that merkel used to be described : when was merkel ever described as `` left wing '' except by , you know , literal nazis . 
  well , as we all know , nothing bad ever came out of bavaria . 
  * cough *, 
   someone mentions gender inequality in muslim societies  someone else points out gender inequality in western societies  ` no those are n't real because biology ' ensues - reddit in a nutshell . 
   you cant just pick this one verse and say islam is tolerant in nature but you can pick another and say that it is intolerant ? 
  that seems logical . 
  yes , but it is incredibly vague . 
  i 'm personally not surprised , since as i said , the forum is linked to the cdu . 
  indeed , as i said , all their proposals are very reasonable and i 'm happy that this sort of forum exists . 
  i just think that the criticisms , that there should have been more communication , and that they should not be linked to a foundation close to the cdu , should still be kept in mind . 
  to be fair , while the points they present are all very reasonable , there is some criticism from all sides directed at the `` muslim forum germany '' . 
  one , it is linked to the konrad-adenauer-foundation , which is itself linked to the cdu . 
  some of their theses even seem to be repeated from an existing cdu statement . 
  second , many of the existing muslim organizations and people involved in christian-muslim dialog feel somewhat left out , because this new alliance was created without communicating with them first , and as said , their links to the cdu . 
  so they feel like the state tries to push their own version of islam instead of letting the existing organizations work it out themselves ; essentially creating a `` join us or you must hate freedom '' situation with this new alliance . 
  well , germans think that all poles steal cars . 
  does that count as culture ? 
  i remember a german commercial for a badly color-coded pan . 
  it normally had a red edge , and when it was hot , the edge became white . 
  it made some sort of sense because `` hot '' and `` white '' rhyme in german , but it still went against any sort of common sense . 
  there 's two types , one going straight and [ one going to the side ] ( http://i00.i.aliimg.com/photo/v26/211656140/german_power_plug_with_vde_approval.jpg ) ( hugely annoying with badly constructed distributors btw . ), 
  but even then , it would be very hard for it to lie with the pins pointing up . 
  and we all wear lederhosen , i know . 
  so everyones distinct culture is just the stereotypes we have always had about them ? 
  you 're right , islamism does technically encourage a sort of crime , though i assumed you meant the more common `` the muslims are thieves and rapists '' shtick , where terrorism is generally seen as a different issue . 
  islamism is obviously a problem that needs to be addressed . 
  when it comes to probabilities , i 'm generally very cautious when people use them to make political statements . 
  i often see people taking `` group x is more likely to be y '' to say that literally every member of group x is a ticking time bomb , which is then used to advocate for how we should treat the whole group - most of the time , rather negatively . 
  overall , now that you have explained what you meant , i see no major disagreement between us , so please excuse that i may have appeared overly aggressive , i 'm just fed up with too many others on this sub becoming hysterical over europe getting destroyed by `` the muslims '' . 
  yes , because the others are bullshit . 
  i mean , race , seriously , do you even expect me to reply to that ? 
  for the others , i see neither the ideology nor religion that supposedly demands that refugees become criminals . 
  social status , yes , obviously . 
  but that applies to natives as well . 
  examples ? 
   ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ an increase in population : literally making it more likely to be a victim of crime * ** ftfy ** ^ ( actually , it 's still somewhat questionable , since an increase in population also means an increase in potential victims as well , so `` overcrowding : literally [ ... ] '' would probably me more accurate . ), 
   the problem is that they do n't want to change their way of life , which is harmful to themselves , and everyone around them . 
  indeed , this part is the problem . 
  it 's not acknowledging that roma live in shitty conditions and therefore often turn to doing shitty things . 
  it 's this part right here . 
  this `` they refuse to change '' . 
  it 's where we stop talking about them as people shaped by their experiences and conditions , and start saying that they 're bad simply because they 're roma . 
  that they 're specifically acting as they are because that 's just what roma do . 
  define german culture . 
   what i do n't like is change that is regressive , a reduction in equality , a removal and restriction of rights , that often comes from the immigration of people holding very traditionally conservative views who are n't properly integrated into society . 
  how the hell is that change supposed to come . 
  refugees do n't even have any political rights most of the time . 
  it 's just so damn ridiculous how people keep pretending that it will be fucking refugees that make our countries into a conservative shithole . 
  they already are , goddamnit .
