  i 'd say it 's generally seen as strange or disturbing by more intellectual , urban , progressive milieus ; while more common with conservative , less-educated and rural people . 
  basically , there is just a collective sense of `` but why ? '', 
  when people are asked to feel patriotic . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  that 's not the kind of musikensemble in a public theater though ; the channels have their own ones . 
  they do give public concerts and everything , but they 're basically just touring through other venues and festivals . 
  those festivals can also be indirectly funded by the rundfunkbeitrag through sponsorships by the channels . 
  but it 's not what people in germany would think of when hearing `` public funding of theaters etc. '', 
   you want a high standard of welfare ? 
  or you know , how about taxes . 
  it 's not like `` cutting immigration '' is the only option . 
  `` killing old people '' would also be one . 
   it requires a lot of courage in germany to stand up and express ideas that one knows are currently not being expressed by a majority of the populace . 
  i ca n't listen to this fucking shit anymore . 
  those people regularly sit on talk shows . 
  they have their public protests , they get to post every ever so convoluted bullshit on social media . 
  they get major bookdeals . 
  and because people with shared ideologies tend to mingle , they 'll be applauded by their friends and acquaintances as well . 
  what they do n't like is that the same right to free speech that allows them to spew their bullshit also allows others to mock them , protest them and criticize them . 
  this is the typical kind of reactionary party that believes that everyone has to secretly support them but is too afraid to speak out ; and whoever speaks out against them must be lead to do so by the government/the leftists/the jewish-bolshevik world-conspiracy . 
   as already noted elsewhere in the thread , this is extremely divisive and it saddens me to see a trend i 've been observing in poland manifest itself so brashly in this german clip as well : the - from my point of view - absurd drive towards disunity among the nation ( here - the ethnic majority of indigenous germans ) , taking plurality past the breaking point of what had been tying the social fabric together and into the madness of sectarianism . 
  yes , but that 's great , is n't it ? 
  why should i feel united with people that i have nothing in common with simply due to a shared ethnicity ? 
  sure it destabilizes politics and public discourse but again , that is not a bad thing . 
  for years , political analysts have complained about the stagnancy of political discourse and how people lose their enthusiasm for democracy . 
  that has directly caused the rise of those movements because it meant that certain reactionary ideas brewed in the background and were always dragged along anyway without ever getting confronted . 
  i 'd rather see a divided society that actually does something then one that buys it stability through inaction . 
  uh , no . 
  the rundfunbeitrag is only for public tv . 
  the other stuff is funded from other sources . 
   it does n't matter what you think . 
  your argument is that my argument does n't count because you disagree with me ? 
   the number of beds in uk nhs hospitals for example or indeed the total number of hospitals so build more hospitals . 
  that 's how the system works . 
  by your logic , births dilute the welfare system . 
  which they actually do , but that is part of the system . 
  it 's not supposed to be a static bunch of recipients and funds . 
  i think the problem with this `` the media only shows one side '' idea is that it tries to rob the people making the media of all agency . 
  basically , the presumption seems to be that they are just told what to say or that they only employ people who agree with them . 
  but there simply do n't seem to be any people in the culture business vocally agreeing with the afd or specific ideas that are seemingly under-represented on public tv . 
  and well , you ca n't really force them to take those stances just for `` balance '' . 
  that does n't answer my question in the slightest . 
  but no , i do not consider any sort of theocracies `` fine '' . 
  i just do n't understand how it is relevant for non-theocracies . 
  i 'm aware of that , but i would actually disagree that france has a strong `` secular '' tradition . 
  it has a strong laicist tradition ; that is just one form of secularism , and in my opinion , one that does n't really work very well . 
  because laicism wants a total separation of religion and politics . 
  but by doing so , the state gives up any power over religion . 
  i prefer a secular system which does not try to completely disconnect religion and politics and , for example , bans homeschooling , only allows preachers who have been taught a state curriculum , etc. 
  which western state is an islamic theocracy ? 
   however i did n't like the little girl insulting the potential right wing viewer like she did . 
  do n't worry , the only time a right wing viewer would bother to watch neo magazin royale is when some crazy afd-member complains about a joke they made and demand that public money should not be spent on this . 
  ( before complaining about erdogans calls for censorships a few days later . ), 
   also , i 'm pretty amazed to see this kind of thing coming from a public service broadcaster . 
  why ? 
  i agree with all of that , but it 's a different mindset then saying that whoever wears a veil is behaving like `` negroes who accepted slavery '' . 
   my problem is when this idea is promoted by religion why ? 
  i mean , where is the difference whether it 's promoted by religion or something else ? 
   the veil is just the first step of the separation . 
  it promotes the idea that women are different from men , when human rights say they should be equal . 
  sure , but the cross also has a dirty history . 
  and yet i would n't ban it from being worn or tell people that they ca n't redefine its meaning - which liberal muslim women do for the veil as well . 
  i think that laws should be made by how we want the world to be . 
  and i want the world to be one where the veil can be more then that . 
  by banning it , we 're confining it to that one meaning . 
   can you imagine depriving yourself of the company of half of humanity just because they have a vagina ? 
  `` can women and men be friends '' is still a common question of trivial discourse . 
  and there seems to be a fair share of both men and women , although mostly men , who will say that no , this is not possible . 
  there 's women who think their place is in the kitchen and there 's men who do so . 
  and you know , i 'm fine with that . 
  i mean , i personally would n't want to be with such a person , whether romantically or just as a friend . 
  but as long as they do n't force it on anyone , especially not their kids , i do not see why i should ban people from making those arrangements and having those ideas . 
  so why should n't the same apply for wearing the veil ? 
  the video ist obviously edited and editorialized by the channel owner , who has a clear bias . 
  this is a guy who makes videos like `` deadly for liberals to embrace gays and islam '' or `` left wing extremists rally at trump tower '' . 
  besides this , if this video shows us anything , it 's that orban is very good at hiding behind a mostly moderate rhetoric . 
  you can see that slipping though when he starts speaking about `` leftists '' and starts to rant about heritage , family , identity and religion . 
  i do n't think there is an major difference between hungary 's fidesz and poland 's law and justice . 
  and we know about pis well enough because they are a lot more open about what they want , think and do . 
  ( by the way , i always found this whole `` the left want to bring in immigrants to gain voters '' conspiracy theory incredibly ironic . 
  if immigrants are religiously conservative - and that is the fear pressed at the same time - then they 'll vote conservative . 
  orban should be happy about that , should n't he . ), 
   the dilution of welfare payments per capita by mass immigration hurt the poor . 
  no , because the welfare budget is n't fixed . 
  it 's not like you automatically get less because there are more people receiving welfare . 
  can you please finally decide what you want to say . 
  is mass immigration in your opinion responsible for the destruction the welfare state or not ? 
  and yes , i do entertain the idea that more people who live in a country mean more people who may receive welfare . 
  that 's somewhat obvious , you know . 
  i just do n't know what it has to do with my initial point . 
  then i do n't really see the point of your post . 
  the welfare state has collapsed and also immigrants might receive welfare too . 
  how exactly is this relevant for my argument that leftists care for `` their fellow countrymen '' by demanding social programs and the reallocation of wealth ? 
  the failure of social security in europe is n't due to immigrants . 
  welfare cuts were either done by conservative governments - which most european governments currently are - or social democrats trying to win over conservative voters with programs based on welfare chauvinism ( see germany with schr\u00f6ders agenda 2010 and the infamous hartz iv laws ) . 
  the collapse of the welfare state has started over a decade ago , how the hell do you want to make the refugee crisis responsible for that . 
   leftists have a total lack of concern for their fellow countryman . 
  how so ? 
  it 's leftists supporting increased social programs and the reallocation of wealth . 
  that benefits those `` fellow countrymen '' too .
