  it sounds like what pro-brexiteers would call their sub after the referendum . 
  i 'm not just talking about radio though , and it 's not all just sponsorship . 
  whether in the us or elsewhere , you see `` politically incorrect '' pundits who make their living solely through saying those supposedly forbidden things . 
  they sell books , they are common guests for talkshows , they 're public speakers . 
  and they 're not some hidden nich\u00e9 either , the audience is huge . 
  i think especially in the us the whole story of `` those people have been surpressed for so long '' is absolutely ridiculous when you consider that in most regards , trump really is n't that different from the republican establishment . 
  and republicans sure have n't been surpressed . 
   i get that one thing does n't exclude another , but there 's practically no liberal focus on this issue in the us compared to the relatively insignificant gun related casualties . 
  it is strange to a certain point , yes , and there probably should be more focus on it . 
  on the other hand , the primary purpose of guns is to kill people , and that purpose is generally frowned upon in civilized societies . 
  whereas the primary purpose of cars is transportation . 
  so i would say there is a subconscious feeling that for cars , we consider this sort of a necessary evil , while for guns , the question is more like `` why is this even a thing '' . 
  except it would n't . 
  this is like saying `` i sure hope a jew does n't commit a crime , otherwise i might really need to vote for that hitler guy . 
  '' , or to use another example before you start crying about the nazi comparison , every case of `` someone did something truly horrible , now we should reintroduce the death penalty '' . 
   everywhere . 
  that 's no answer . 
  alex jones started his carrier in 1996 and was one of the most popular radio hosts even back then . 
  so does the drudge report . 
  lets not even mention fox news . 
  i really do n't see how those people could possibly have been pushed underground , yet make careers out of saying the things they say and supposedly are n't allowed to say . 
  nor can it be say that democrats , who barely qualify as a leftist party , have dominated the american political landscape in the last years . 
   its perfectly normal that way more people tweet about merkel when something bad happens , specially when there is such a hot topic at a global scale like the refugee crisis and germany is in the middle of it . 
  yes , but that increase was clearly stronger for the english speaking part of twitter than for the german speaking one . 
  that 's what the number tells us , that 's what the article takes from it . 
  i do n't see what `` bias '' you see there . 
   for them it 's a resurgence and they 've been kept down for a pretty long time . 
  i do n't really know what you mean here . 
  where have those people been kept down ? 
  edit : also , everytime someone posts a political compass test result to prove that they 're a leftist , i just automatically assume that they 're not . 
  what i find really telling here is how we are constantly told that `` leftist/liberal arrogance '' is responsible for people voting for the right , yet the right can evidently call it 's opponents `` leftards '' / `` libtards '' , straight up mentally challenged or whatever and they do n't seem to suffer any loss of popularity for that . 
  the article compared how many tweets in each respective language there were normally about merkel , and how many there were after the terror attack . 
  and there were more english ones after the attack . 
  that is a far more relevant comparison than just looking at the total ratio of english to german tweets on twitter as a whole . 
   i pointed out that said ideas are n't convincingly shown to be unique features of fascism they are not supposed to . 
  all your criticisms here have been adressed by eco himself in that very article . 
  so in the same way that you accuse eco of just listing features of political leanings he does n't like , you argue that those ca n't be features of fascism since they apply to leanings that you personally like . 
  huh . 
   because a wall to keep people illegally entering your land against your will whose will is that again ? 
  yeah no sorry , the integration of refugees was largely irrelevant topic there . 
  the us did n't even have some prominent case of failed integration , it was just a general sense of `` we do n't want foreigners '' . 
   it 's clear there 's nothing i can say that will encourage you into reconsidering your opinion that he 's an idiot uh , no , i have now repeatedly asked you for some argument . 
  i 'm not convinced by `` he won the election , therefore he must be intelligent '' , yet this is the argument you keep bringing up . 
   he graduated from one of the top ivy league business schools in the usa see , now that would be an argument . 
  yes , higher education might imply some sort of intelligence . 
   built a property empire worth billions all the issues with trumps image as great business man are well known and have been discussed before . 
   became a successful tv personality at which point , again , that 's clearly not something that only highly intelligent people accomplish . 
   it is simply not possible for somebody of low intelligence to achieve what he has done throughout his life . 
  we obviously disagree here ; i think that it is possible to accomplish all that with low intelligence . 
   honestly it 's a common theme with the left to call anyone on the right who disagrees with them an idiot . 
  i 'm not calling anyone an idiot , i 'm calling donald trump an idiot . 
  bush is n't trump . 
  bush is representative of the very republican establishment which , as you said yourself , lost against trump . 
  it 's all very nice to establish how bush might have been a fairly intelligent person , but that was n't the question . 
  you ca n't just constantly extrapolate from one case to another , you ca n't just constantly divert from that one basic question : what indicates that donald trump is a highly intelligent man ? 
   it 's not just 1 win though . 
  so what ? 
  the eventual winners of * america 's got talent * must have won an awful lot of rounds beforehand . 
  we do n't really consider that proof of genius level intelligence . 
   but the idea that he 's a moron who 's does n't know what he 's doing and has just lucked his way into being a billionaire and president of the united states is laughable . 
  i 'm not saying it was all luck . 
  i 'm not saying that he does n't know what he is doing . 
  i 'm saying he is dumb as a brick . 
  besides , how exactly is the idea so far fetched that success does n't automatically imply intelligence . 
  do you even have one other indicator for donald trump being a very intelligent man besides the fact that he won ? 
  honestly , i would n't let le pen into anything . 
  a refugee camp . 
  a bar . 
  the elevator . 
  my bathroom when she really , really , really needs to go . 
  yeah , remember how hitler brought all the nazis into the country by applying for asylum and then they overtook the country ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
   so they 're saying these camps are n't safe and require additional security to visit ? 
  literally everything politicians , especially controversial politicians , visit is considered potentially unsafe . 
  your logic here is `` if you win , you must be very intelligent '' . 
  which is a very nice thing to tell yourself afterwards to rationalize how you could vote for such a tremendous idiot , but sadly , it does not qualify as a fundamental law of physics . 
  does anybody notice that now that president trump is starting to make america great again , the rest of the world really seems to lose any respect for and fear of them ? 
  israel literally said `` our hands are n't bound anymore '' . 
   the anti-trump would be merkel imo  edit : i mean on policy positions like immigration okay , this finally needs to stop . 
  merkel , for a rather short time , allowed refugees to come into the country . 
  she then quickly decided to push draconic laws limiting immigration , immigrants rights and more . 
  she basically let those people into the country and then did nothing for them . 
  she pushed for the recognition of more `` safe '' countries , she pushed the deal with turkey just to keep immigrants away . 
  there is a leftist opposition her , you know . 
  they regularly criticize here exactly because she is not kind of leader everyone else tries to make her . 
  she is not the anti-trump , she is just one of the few leaders slightly more open about refugees for one short period of time when everyone else already went full trump . 
  the influence of russia on the election is well documented . 
  whether trump knew of it or not really does n't matter that much , the man is dumb as a brick . 
  imagine going to the 18th century and telling the british , you know , those colonies of yours , a few hundred years from now you 'll be subservient to them . 
  i do n't think `` you strive for compromise , you would make a good politician '' is really the insult you seem to believe it to be . 
   man - this is the clue of that reform . 
  it is one part of that reform and as you can clearly read in that article , it is n't even the primary concern of critics . 
   but please - write what should we do ? 
  what should we choose ? 
  what is your option as a german that we should accept ? 
  3-tiers or 2-tiers ? 
  i think both options can work . 
  i 'm personally a proponent of two tiers with an academic and a vocational path in tier two , but i also think the best solution is the parallel existence of different models and to give parents the choice . 
  at some point during his campaign , when trump talked about europe supposedly living under constant fear of islamist terrorism , he also talked about belgium and called it a `` beautiful city '' , which was seen as another example of his utter lack of knowledge when it comes to , really , anything he talks about . 
  so the joke here was that trump might think sweden to be a city too , and assume it was located on the territory of belgium , in reference to that original statement .
