  politics should not be focused on `` our people '' . 
   the people of germany never decided that `` we '' ( ? ), 
  need to confiscate buildings . 
  no , but we also never decided that human dignity is inviolable . 
  that was just written into the constitution . 
  people were n't asked whether they actually support that before doing it . 
  i know that confiscation is a radical measure , but this is a national crisis . 
  we need radical measures . 
   `` temporarily confiscation '' ... really ? 
  without any democratic basis ? 
  really ? 
  the democratic basis is that we need it . 
  there was a fairly interesting proposal to confiscate empty buildings for the time , with the owners being able to deny it or demand it back when they need it for themselves . 
  i agree entirely . 
  most of the time , moderate is merely a different word for supporting the status quo , a conservative in the original sense of the word . 
  ( and somehow with todays definition as well because most countries status quo is not a progressive one ), 
   what you call decision by popular opinion in a condescending manner is actually an essential part of democracy . 
  it 's an essential part of direct democracy . 
  yet direct democracy , even more so than representative democracy , is dependent on the goodwill and education of the people . 
  a modern understanding of democracy has to recognize that democracy can not merely be reign of the majority , but a reign of the people . 
  of all people . 
  that 's why we have universal human rights . 
  if the german people decided to start gassing jews again , this would n't be a democratic decision . 
   they also ca n't just make buildings for housing magically appear . 
  no , but for example , there 's empty buildings . 
  those are either privately owned , in which case temporary confiscation would be an option ; or they 're available already , in which case we often lack the funds to renovate them . 
  there 's also more empty housing in the east then in the west , so reallocating more people there , while offering a financial compensation for it ( and increasing security ) , would be an option as well . 
   as much i am in favor of helping people : our government signed up for this without a democratic basis . 
  we need a volksentscheid soon . 
  we do n't need a volksentscheid . 
  this is not an issue to be decided by popular opinion . 
  what we need is to reallocate the proper funds to the states so they can provide the help needed . 
  i would really enjoy it if people stopped making up ever crazier theories about this . 
  no , this is not about neo-liberalism . 
  no , this is not about demographics - politicians only mention that to paint immigration in a better light afterwards . 
  no , this is not about german guilt - except in the widest sense . 
  i want everyone to repeat this very simple point a dozen times or until you finally get it : merkel . 
  still . 
  conservative . 
  the cdu is still conservative . 
  their policies are still conservative . 
  people constantly love to pretend that merkels handling of the refugee crisis is a total contrast to her handling of greece . 
  it is not . 
  it is just as indecisive as ever . 
  she wants to keep greece in the union , but then stubbornly refuses any debt cuts and pushes austerity programs . 
  she invites refugees , but refuses to grant the necessary funds and provide the administrative structure to handle them . 
  she correctly maintains that there can be no legal upper limit on the right to asylum , and that such a limit would lead to nothing , while at the same time pushing for border controls and harsher rules . 
  the point is that people have gotten so fucking used to parties so far to the right gaining major traction that they forget that those are far right . 
  front national , jobbik/fidesz , pis , those are easily on par with or even more radical then the german npd - and that 's the spiritual successor to the nsdap itself . 
  so because we consider those parties to be perfectly acceptable and moderate , merkel suddenly becomes a radical leftist driven solely by emotion , german guilt , yadda yadda , whatever the popular buzzword is these days . 
  yes , very much . 
  i love to see people dismantle their own pretension of being moderate . 
  i regularly see people on facebook pretending they 're moderate , then post literal npd sources because `` they 're the only ones speaking it how it is '' . 
  taz criticized austerity all the time . 
  spiegel questioned the course as well . 
  i do n't know for zeit , s\u00fcddeutsche and stern ; i know that welt and bild obviously spread the `` greedy greeks '' narrative , and i expect other conservative outlets to have done so as well . 
   rule should be `` is there well-founded fear of dying in that country '' . 
  i do n't know whether i 'm supposed to like that . 
  on the one hand , you admit that poverty is an actual reason to be granted asylum ; on the other hand you evidently consider no form of violence below murder a reason to flee . 
  well , which media would you consider respectable then ? 
  no , i do n't see how you get that from my original statement . 
  i did n't say that every country we would n't want to move to is n't safe . 
  well , that 's up to you . 
  i , for example , would consider france safe , but hungary not . 
  it 's a matter of personal taste . 
  i think there should be a very simple rule to consider when determing whether a country is `` safe '' : would you move there yourself ? 
  everyone is biased . 
  thats why we have editorials . 
  that is why we generally say that a certain magazine/newspaper has a certain sort of readership - none of that is a secret . 
  what i find ridiculous is this presumption that every media outlet is biased in the same direction , and in the very radical way ascribed to them . 
  just look at the biggest german newspapers . 
  there 's the stuff by springer , bild ( already wider-spread than all the others combined by itself ) and welt , generally considered conservative . 
  there 's zeit , left-liberal ; faz , conservative again ; s\u00fcddeutsche , left of center ; handelsblatt , classical liberal ; taz , alternative left ; and neues deutschland , socialist . 
  for magazines , there 's spiegel , left liberal ; focus , conservative ; stern , social-democratic . 
  those are the biggest ones , but if you really want , there 's also junge freiheit , eigent\u00fcmlich frei , preu\u00dfische allgemeine zeitung , and so on and so forth , representing the new right . 
  the other thing is , i find it ridiculous to pretend that all of those never report on certain issues . 
  just look at all the `` a refugee did a bad thing '' links on this sub . 
  the only reason we know about that is because those very magazines are reporting on it . 
  and now , the final part : as i said , everyone is `` biased '' in some way . 
  it 's he very problem at hand here that people try to pretend they are not . 
  look at the example about geert wilders being called an `` islamophobe and right-wing populist '' . 
  but he is !, 
  there 's no point denying that . 
  the very attempt to report more `` objectively '' by not describing him as such is biased in itself , because it tries to make his position seem more acceptable and moderate . 
  it 's the same with describing people openly calling for violence against refugees as `` critical of islam '' . 
  they are not just that . 
  i do n't think people actually want an unbiased press , they just want one that is biased in favour of them . 
  that 's what 's at the core of all the `` the leftist press '' and `` academia infested with socialist '' and the ever so popular `` cultural marxism '' conspiracy theory : reactionaries disgruntled that their opinions are n't considered acceptable anymore . 
   i do n't know why everyone assumes that hungarians are backwards homophobic racist bigots . 
   [ ... ]  i 'm an atheist who is not racist and i have no problem with gays , and ** i voted for jobbik , and kinda support fidesz ** , because i think that the stance on lgbt and stuff like this is not a priority ,  [ ... ]  and they should hate the us/israel/saudi arabia , and they should be anti-immigration . 
  presented without comment . 
   this is 100 % correct . 
  a company does not have inherent social responsibility . 
  responsibility comes only indirectly , if the state has put rules in place to define it . 
  well then . 
  the company has no social resonsibility , and here the company has therefore treated their tenants and employees unfairly . 
  where 's the problem then ? 
  and yet , the outcome here would be exactly the same . 
  if a private company had outbid , the tenants would still have been kicked out , the employees still fired . 
  and the `` referee '' would n't have been able to do anything , because this stuff is n't illegal .
