  i would personally like to see even less of it , but at this point the far bigger issue is that so many want to go the opposite way . 
  i really have zero interest in getting the ridiculous bullshit the us has right now , and which is broadly accepted : constantly babbling about loving the country , the whole flag cult , the military cult , the anthem , the pledge of allegiance , all that stuff . 
  as said , fascism and national conservatism are related , but they 're still discernably different movements . 
  you might see how this is somewhat of a dilemma for us here to explain . 
  if we say , sure , national conservatism and fascism , there really is n't any difference , the `` oh they 're always calling everyone fascists damn leftists '' crowd will come crawling out of their hole . 
  so we do give them the benefit of the doubt and make the historically and politically more precise statement that fascism and national conservatism are related , but not identical , which brings you out to say that we 're beating around the bush . 
  ( and to be quite honest , probably the the crying crowd anyway , because we all know that they 're always crying , no matter what we do ) but to get back to gabriel , by wording that statement the way he did , it is quite clear that he chose route number two here and wanted to compare them to those other nationalist and reactionary parties , not the nsdap . 
   or a critical view of how many germans actually knew about holocaust and what options they to prevent it had in what was a nazi dictatorship . 
  they could have started by not voting for that dude who constantly talked about the eradication of the jewish plague ? 
  they could have continued by not supporting the system he established ? 
  seriously , what point are you even trying to make here except for cheap , transparent apologia . 
   obviously the party is undergoing a movement to make itself as indigestible to conservative voters who do n't dig the national-chauvinist ( and borderline neo-nazi ) cabal around gauland , h\u00f6cke and their ilk as possible ... keep going , afd , maybe your result in september becomes single-digit as more people wake up to what you really are . 
  they have been doing that since their inception though . 
  the party already split once because it became too right wing for the original founders , and it actually came out stronger , while those former `` moderates '' have become entirely irrelevant . 
  it will not look any different if they split again . 
  the people wo n't `` wake up '' , they have already woken up , and decided that this is the exact kind of politics that they want . 
   it will probably drive off a lot more potential voters than it could attract new ones . 
  how ? 
  i mean , the whole `` we talk too much about the holocaust wah wah we need to be proud again wah wah '' - talk is rather prominent in those circles . 
  it has even become part of the party program in some states . 
  it 's not like afd is aiming for , i do n't know , antifa members . 
  for the kind of clientel they aim for , this is already common consensus . 
  the whole `` early sexualisation '' - bullshit also originated in the baden-w\u00fcrttemberg afd , and now it has become part of the national program . 
  i really do n't think they have much to lose here . 
   i think the third reich period of history should be studied in a very careful and scientific way , without emotions yeah sorry , but trying to study genocide `` without emotion '' as you call it is just dumb . 
  if you do n't start with the idea of `` this is utterly wrong and morally reprehensible '' , you 're doing it wrong . 
  i think there 's certain obligatory trips , for example , in my home state , the one to the kz in grade 9 was obligatory by law ( with education being a the responsibility of the state , that can obviously vary across germany as a whole ) . 
  we did n't really visit any other `` important '' sites of german history , at least not with that specific goal in mind . 
  those are all rather obvious solutions , but the fact that people vote for wilders pvv seems to imply that people do n't really recognize them as such . 
  the rise of right wing populists in europe in general shows the trend of making it all about migration and deportation . 
  quick question , as i understand it , pvv is essentially a party with geert wilders as the sole member - how exactly does that work ? 
  i 've tried to discern it from the description on wikipedia , but the structure seems way to obscure and i do n't really know enough about the elective system of the netherlands to understand it . 
  dnvp ? 
  ( deutschnationale volkspartei ) you may think we 're trolling , but national-conservatism is actually somewhat different from fascism . 
  there were overlaps and common ideas and ultimately , national conservatives helped establish fascism , but they are actually separate movements . 
  stauffenberg and his co-conspirators were national conservatives for example . 
  that is actually important , because the new right and current right wing populist parties see themselves in the tradition of those national conservatives , not national socialism . 
  remind me , how many days are left of his term ? 
  what did you say ? 
  oh boy , this is gon na be fun . 
  also :  and germany newspaper * der bild * no !, 
  just no !, 
  regular migration , sure ( although we 'll have to define `` our society '' first ) . 
  asylum , no . 
  again , if you want to make a point , actually do make it , do n't just beat around the bush . 
  you clearly believe that we should n't accept refugees because you consider islam as a whole dangerous , and i disagree . 
  i somehow doubt that this discussion will lead anywhere . 
  and why should we ? 
  because they might be fleeing from war or persecution and asylum really does n't depend on whether i personally like the person it is given to . 
   even the most apeshit crazy , fundamentalist , hardcore extremist christians are n't anywhere near as violent and determined as even `` moderate '' followers of islam . 
  i 've heard it by now , why do you keep bringing it up ? 
  what reaction do you expect ? 
  would you maybe explain how germany brings shame to europe then , and why anyone should care about that ? 
   i just told you so what . 
  yes , you told me repeatedly how you think we should lock out islam because it is different from christianity , while dismissing my fear of christian influence on politics . 
  and i told you why i would not lock out islam . 
   that 's the simple truth . 
  no , that is just your particular view of the world . 
   there 's huge cultural differences between `` less educated and more conservative minded '' people with christian background and the same subsection of people with muslim background . 
  there is . 
  so what ? 
   these things are not some recent developments such as suicide bombings either , the shit i mentioned has been going on in the muslim majority countries for hundreds of years . 
  everytime someone tries to make the `` islam has n't changed in centuries '' - argument , a historian somewhere in the world suffers a heart attack . 
  you know , i 'm fine with that . 
  some peoples shame is a reason to be proud . 
   a calculated , pragmatic decision free of any political ideology . 
  it is not , no matter how much you keep telling yourself that . 
  you 're trying to de-politicize a political decision - that does not work . 
   there 's plenty of places with no war where they can seek refuge , there 's absolutely no reason why it has to be europe . 
  there is also no reason why it should n't be europe . 
   the trend and data when it comes to having kids is clear as a sky when you compare europeans and muslims and is on a trajectory to a situation i described . 
  it is . 
  but if we split up europeans , we can also see that the less educated and the more conservative minded have higher birth rates too . 
  which is why i said , if that trend continues , and if we 're unable to integrate those people into our societies , muslims will be the least of our problems . 
   so your point is `` it 's not that bad yet so why bother doing anything ? '', 
  my point is `` if we do n't actually solve that problem , i really could n't care less whether it 's muslims or europeans who are going to destroy europe '' . 
  we ca n't constantly pretend that all problems are to be solved by migration policy , unless you want to argue for the deportation of natives . 
  no , why even keep the assholes away , that is the question . 
  if i want my country to be free of assholes , i 'd have to argue for the forceful emigration of natives . 
  we do n't do that , because we have evidently recognized that assholery is not a problem to be solved purely through migration policy . 
  which brings us to the point of immigration , where we have to say , there are two major types , what we consider the regular path , and seeking asylum . 
  for regular migration , we are already keeping the assholes away ( at least outside of the schengen area ) . 
  for asylum , we 'll have to live with the assholes , since that is how asylum works . 
   if it does n't work out that means conservative and extremist muslims have more than 50 % of the population and civil war is guaranteed . 
  no , if it does n't work out , conservative and extremist natives will have already pushed their ideas by then , including anti-immigration . 
  meaning that muslims will be the least of my concerns . 
   i 'm honestly not sure we 're even talking about the same thing . 
  i 'm talking about the birth rates of immigrant populations adjusting to the birthrate of the native population over time . 
   i guess you 're also one of the strong believers in demographic miracles that will magically stop basic math from making muslims the majority ? 
  that demographic `` miracle '' is somehow an observed and repeating trend . 
   or are you the other kind of ~ idealist ~ that thinks we 'll successfully convert millions of newly arrived and newly arriving muslims in europe that have zero desire to adapt and with no real pressure to assimilate ? 
  yes , maybe that too . 
  so yes , i do believe in the potential changing attitudes and adjusting birth rates ( not that the latter would matter that much anyway , ideology is n't hereditary ) . 
  will it actually work out ? 
  i do n't know , i sure hope so . 
  if it does not , muslims will be the least of our problems anyway . 
   now imagine a situation where assholes have a lot more kids than non-assholes resulting in a situation where assholes are now able to decide major things that have huge impact on your life . 
  again , the assholes are already here , they do already have more kids , they already decide major things . 
  so i care more about those that are already here then the ones that might be . 
   if you are a liberal and the ideology of islam and the possibility that it 's followers will one day have the majority vote does n't scare you shitless then you are doing it wrong .
