  even 50 years ago one could presume that political decisions where much more driven by clearly labelled ideologies and party memberships . 
  today people make a 180 \u00b0 turnaround on their political stance for the dumbest reasons . 
  people are okay with tolerance as long as it is just an idea to pay lip service to . 
  the thought of actually having to live it scares us though . 
  look at germany : now that there are barely any jews left , people suddenly proclaim that they belong here , always belonged here , are so very important for our culture ; and they use them to rally against others perceived as foreign and not belonging here . 
  tolerance is very easy as long as you can proclaim that you 're for it without actually applying it to real people . 
   yes , but we do n't have any better . 
  again : we have . 
  the modern systems of democracy that i 'm talking about already exist . 
  that 's why we have a separation of the powers , that 's why we have rules against hate speech , that 's why we have the possibility to ban parties if they are unconstitutional , that 's why we have a law banning fundamental changes to the basic rights guaranteed in the constitution and a law explicitly saying that , if there is no other way , the people are allowed to use all means necessary to stop the abolishment of this established system . 
   democracy cann ' t defend themselves against fascism . 
  then democracy as you define it seems to be an awfully awful system of government , does n't it ? 
   and then it is no longer a democracy . 
  people do n't like that . 
  again , you 're defining a democracy in a very narrow sense . 
  the fact that modern democracies try to protect themselves against fascist takeovers and have constitutions guaranteeing human rights which ca n't be easily changed does n't make them anti-democratic . 
   the problem is that the present governments are starting to do things that people do not want . 
  and again , i could n't care less about that . 
   nobody said that democracy is perfect . 
  that 's why we keep on optimizing it . 
  and one of those steps was saying , what the people want is not what we should necessarily do . 
  i mean really , there are so many countries that would fit in there , but a whole orgy would just get too confusing . 
   five refugees moved in next to him , and they make noise when they barbeque ... 
  i think this kind of sentiment is the biggest problem of our democracy right now . 
  its not open , extreme fascists . 
  at least those are honest about their intentions . 
  it 's the people who are ready to throw the thin veil of civilization overboard the very moment that they feel ever so slightly annoyed or befuddled by something . 
  i do n't even think it 's a response to anything , i think it 's mostly a coincidence . 
  but looking at how right wing idiots in this thread already feel triggered by that , it 's accidental genius . 
  that 's why i would have loved to see russia , hungary and poland as a gay threesome . 
  what a wonderful shitstorm this would be . 
   this system does not work and in the long run will lead to fascism or dictatorship of the current elite . 
  it 's funny , the last time i looked , the greatest fascist system was installed exactly through a democracy that was n't able to contain `` the will of the people '' . 
  no , i specificially meant that when the allies occupied germany , they did n't say , well , let 's slowly ease them into not commiting genocide . 
  let them have a referendum whether they want to continue gassing the jews . 
  they just put a stop to it without discussion and then they installed a democracy , dictating many basics of the constitution . 
  that is of course a highly unpopular opinion in germany where even the statement that the allies freed us from fascism will lead to a few shaken heads . 
  people somehow want to believe that all the former nazis just suddenly became perfect democrats the moment that hitler was gone . 
  you know , i really do n't want to be this prejudiced , but those kinds of maps always make me think . 
  historically , countryside areas alway vote for the option that history does not look kindly upon . 
  ( ignoring scotland which is known to be more liberal in general ) now , this is hardly an argument against brexit in itself , but i do think it should be added to the long list of `` is it such a good sign to agree with those kind of people ? '', 
  for everyone considering voting leave . 
  i already love the african-looking germany , especially combined with sweden ; but instead of russia and england , they should have made russia with poland and hungary as two more men . 
   it is impossible to say who is right or who is better informed in fall 2015 , a poll showed that 16 % of americans do not believe in global warming . 
  do you think that we can not say whether those people are right or informed ? 
   democracy - the term originates from the greek \u03b4\u03b7\u03bc\u03bf\u03ba\u03c1\u03b1\u03c4\u03af\u03b1 ( d\u0113mokrat\u00eda ) `` rule of the people '' . 
  sure , that 's where it originates from . 
  but throughout history , our understanding of democracy has changed . 
  by todays standards , the democracy of ancient greece would be closer to a proto-fascist oligarchy . 
   so long as democratic publics do n't want to admit more migrants , leaders wo n't be able to do so without risking a devastating right-wing backlash . 
  well , you know , i really could n't care less what the public thinks . 
  no one ever gave us the choice whether to stop gassing the jews or not , and i do n't think that was a bad thing . 
  democracy is dependent on informed voters . 
  if they are n't , democracy does n't work . 
  and i care more about democracy than about the will of the people . 
  seriously , it amazes me how certain movements just seem unable to put up some solid design . 
  should n't ukip be big enough to have at least a few people with a half-decent sense of aesthetics ? 
  even the ukip-logo itself looks like it was made in paint . 
   hate speech is the secular equivalent of blasphemy . 
  uh , no . 
  just no . 
  you know , what i find interesting from a theological perspective is how all those ideas centering around the idea of the `` end times '' that get repeatedly cited when christians seek political guidance have very much shifted from the original idea . 
  which was after all , if this and that happens , jesus christ will come a second time , humanity will be judged , god-fearing christians will be absolved . 
  that is , when you think about it , a very good deal for christians . 
  the second coming of christ itself seems like something they should be really happy about . 
  one could say that many christian denominantions , especiall the evangelical ones , are very much dependent on this idea of the end times and eventual salvation . 
  it 's effectively their end goal , they 're not offering you anything in life before that , just the promise that you 'll eventually be absolved . 
  so it 's interesting that the idea of the apocalypse has very much shifted to how it is commonly interpreted today - a catastrophe to be prevented at all costs . 
  but if you prevent it , there will be no second coming of christ , you will not be absolved , so why bother ? 
   if you are looking to get a thorough analysis you are better of watching newschannels obviously . 
  uh , yes , obviously . 
  i mean , why are we even attempting to judge a entertainment show by whether it 's good at being a newschannel substitute , which it never wanted to be ? 
   critics of the eu ( and lefties ) have historically jumped on tragedies caused by law and current systems . 
  ( rotherham , birmingham , calderdale , cologne , paris ) these are tragedies caused by concrete changes in policy ... not rhetoric . 
  ... you know , i could give you rotherham - apart from the fact that `` covering up crimes '' can hardly be called official `` policy '' - but how the hell would this apply to paris or cologne ? 
  sure , he 's doing entertainment , but i think in this regard , that 's actually a huge advantage . 
  with the ed snowden dickpic story he basically showed how the average american on the street will have no idea what the whole story is actually about . 
  but when bringing the rather theoretical , technical discussion that snowden normally does to this somewhat silly level of `` can they see my dick ? 
  '' , he got people to care about the issue . 
  and that is hugely important because throughout political discussions we often forget that the average voter is neither very politically informed nor interested . 
  sure there are other pets , but it still does n't explain why you consider this particular cat to be a bunch of bears . 
  sure , and i would rather have the status quo then being mauled by bears . 
  but if the question is n't really `` should we get a bunch of bears ? '', 
  but `` should we get a cat ? 
  '' , then that line of thinking is kind of pointless . 
  except when you 're a conservative , because then , you know that it 's an inevitable slippery slope from the cat to the bunch of bears . 
  because reasons . 
  this is one of those typical ideas that sound good on paper at first , but quickly fall apart . 
  for the sake of the argument , lets consider the simplest example here , creationism vs. evolution . 
  so lets say we offer the creationists one hour to bring forth their arguments , then the evolutionary scientists one hour to do the same . 
  of course , during the time where the creationists speak , they might bring forth an utter lie about science - i do n't know , lets just take the common `` second law of thermodynamics '' thing . 
  so a scientist might want to intervene an explain how it really works - the creationists will consider this unfair though , since this is their alloted time slot , they , and only they , should be allowed to speak here . 
  so instead , the scientists are allowed to use their own hour to rebuke the creationists , which obviously means though that they might not have any additional time to bring forth their own points . 
  so the creationists might again be pissed because they now want a chance to `` rebuke '' the rebuttal , and the common student , who , face it , might be a bit naive because they 're still supposed to learn critical thinking , might think , oh , the scientists have only beat down on the creationists without their own points , that 's bad discussion culture , so the creationists must have the better argument . 
  and so on and so forth ad absurdum . 
  the point is , you ca n't present those ideas equally because they are n't equal . 
  i 'm all for presenting students with those kind of theories , in the vein of `` some people also think that ... , but it 's bullshit because ... '' . 
  but you ca n't present it as `` might be right '' because it simply is n't . 
  you might say that it 's different for politics and social science , but it really is n't that much . 
  because , first , many disagreements there are also based on the denial of established facts and science .
