  i would have never imagined to be the defender of `` realpolitik '' , but with people like you proclaiming that the sane course of action is being scared shitless , i do begin to appreciate it . 
   but i 'm not talking about them in the west , i 'm talking about them in the middle east , where sharia law is often the law of the land ... and how exactly is that relevant in a discussion about immigration ? 
   i just brought up an example of a `` bad '' immigrant/refugee , and used him as an inspiration to my example higher up , which was me trying to illustrate that there 's a difference between muslims , and that you should n't judge all muslims by the actions of the `` bad '' ones . 
  and again , what was the point of that . 
  your point is `` assholes exist '' . 
  your point is `` not all people are the same '' . 
  nobody doubted that . 
   but if you compare the religious interpretation of the bible in the usa in the 21st century to the religious interpretation of the quran in the middle east in the 21st century , it is a clear false equivalency it is not , since the point of the comparison was n't to say that things are exactly alike . 
  they are obviously not . 
  but you seem to believe in some supposedly shared secular values that simply are n't there . 
  i 'm not afraid of islamists . 
  they have no reasonable power in the west right now . 
  christians do . 
  i 'm afraid of them . 
  not because i believe them to be just as bad - they are not - but because they have power . 
  i do n't care about some far fetched fantasies of sharia law in the west while ( christian ) right-wing populist poll increasingly well or are already in positions to fuck things up , in most cases under the very pretense of defending `` our values '' . 
  i mean , if you idea for an independent , successful british economy is `` lets become a tax haven '' in the first place , that alone should be reason enough to finally admit that brexit might have been a shitty idea . 
   the reason that christians , for example , get less flak , is because in the western world , they are more often than not living in secular societies where they are essentially cherry-picking the best/most peaceful parts of the bible to follow because they realise that some of the more dangerous teachings actually clash with modern secular values . 
  you are aware of the existence of the us and what is currently happening there , what has been happening there for any awfully long time , right ? 
   but see if you can find a party that 's pro-eu and strict on immigration . 
  huh , i wonder why . 
  and , so , what ? 
  assholes exist . 
  we do n't disagree on that . 
  what we disagree on is whether that justifies voting for a proto-fascist like geert wilders . 
   but that people resorting to it to get power rarely have the good of the people in mind oh , they do , that 's why it called populism . 
  the question is , who are `` the people '' . 
  sure , what we see now is a rise of putin-like `` populists '' who are more interested in preserving their own privileges than in the wellbeing of `` the people '' , but that does n't mean the classical model , who actually believes in those goals , does n't exist anymore . 
  the two things poland hates : abortions and being divided . 
  i mean , sure , it 's half decent , but it is n't great . 
  it 's like if you looked at california or some other liberal stronghold in the us and said , oh boy , they really handled their history well . 
  meanwhile , there 's still a whole bunch of people who insist on flying the confederate flag and how the civil war was just about state rights . 
  the ratio might be different for the us and for germany , sure , but those people are nonetheless here . 
  there may even be quite many of them , even if it 's not enough to elect a president trump . 
  h\u00f6cke had a cheering audience , he 's popular in certain circles . 
  afd as a whole is basically behind this , even if some now try to distance themselves from the particular way that h\u00f6cke said it . 
  many of their party manifestos speak about what they call a fixation on the holocaust in schools and public perception . 
  which is basically the same thing h\u00f6cke said here . 
   but i 'm allowed to oppose gay adoption and marriage you are , but it makes you kind of a dick . 
  ... do you just hate gay people that much or why do you feel pressured to make that statement in this specific thread ? 
  i mean , i 'd rather see merkel stay chancellor than any other option from cdu . 
  but i would n't vote for her , because , as the article explains quite accurately , her refugee policy really is n't that left-leaning anymore . 
  there 's also the non-negligible point that terrorism is ultimately an expression of ideas that ca n't be pushed by other means . 
  there was no far right terrorism in the third reich . 
  for terrorism to happen , certain radical ideas need to be marginalized just enough . 
  if they 're either broadly accepted / close enough to the mainstream or extremely marginalized for whatever reason ( for example , as you said : in authoritarian states ) . 
  also , it is n't entirely correct that terrorism has been entirely free from terrorism in recent years . 
  in 2012 , there was [ brunon kwiecie\u0144 ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/brunon_kwiecie%c5%84 ) , who wanted to bomb the parliament . 
  a ) terrorists are n't necessarily very consistent with what they do . 
  b ) nationalist extremists like to rationalize how only they and those sharing their ideology are `` true '' [ nationality ] . 
   you 're just trying to make the argument that a muslim community banning a woman on a religious pretext when i say `` ban '' , i mean the exact same behavior as here : refusing citizenship . 
   nobody is telling her how to live her life . 
  if they 're telling her to shut up , they are very much telling her how to live her life . 
  free expression is a major aspect of how you live your life . 
  this is n't false equivalency , you 're just trying to needlessly narrow the definition . 
  it 's a common design for concert halls . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.berlin-buehnen.de/media/locations/berliner-philharmonie/_cache/20150618171657.jpg_detail_image.jpg ) berliner philharmonie . 
   being insulting to other cultures and communities should not exist either uh , yes , yes it should ? 
  switzerland is supposed to be a free country . 
   she 's telling how others should live their lives , not how her own should be . 
  okay , so if that very same muslim community would ban a woman on account of not wearing the hijab and being rather vocal about it , you would be perfectly fine with it ? 
  and so ? 
   but for what it 's worth it has always been mandatory with mixed swimming education yeah , no , not really . 
  see , this is the problem . 
  you 're trying to set up some historical continuity that just is n't there . 
  it 's like saying `` womans rights is a western value '' when the swiss needed until 1991 to fully give women the vote . 
  this is n't `` our culture '' , it 's just values that some people have and some , to this very day , no matter where they come from , still do not . 
  we can argue how people from some places are more likely to have them and some do not . 
  we can argue how the social contract our societies are bound to demand the acceptance of certain values or at least laws . 
  but stop the culture bullshit , because `` our culture '' just does n't exist the way you want it to . 
   the difference between the two being the crime rate , the attitude towards civil liberties and the not so small of a fact that they 're natives and it is their country . 
  oh look , it 's all the nationalist excuses for why we care so much about our values but no , not really . 
   many ( if not most ) people consider this ( and imo rightly so ) to be willk\u00fcrjustiz , so rest assured that we are n't all pseudo-ochlocrats . 
  i 'm quite aware that not all swiss people agree with this , my point was more about that this is quite evidently a problem within a system of direct democracy , and as you said yourself , the solution to that was removing those elements of direct democracy . 
  so my point was less about the swiss people and their attitude towards this and more about direct democracy not really working as great as some imagine it to do . 
   but in the same vein i would never move to the smallest town in all of bavaria and tell them all day why overt catholicism sucks dick or that i think they backwards peasants and expect them to like me . 
  i would , it 's a free country . 
  i also do n't think this is solely an issue of `` wanting to be liked '' when peoples dislike for you results in you being denied citizenship . 
  i think this woman would be perfectly fine with being hated by the community as long as that bunch of idiots ca n't deny her citizenship . 
   what 's certain though is that she 's a poor match for this community . 
  i do n't understand why she just does n't move to a more liberal town and apply there . 
  but that 's the exact problem , such closed communities should just not exist . 
  imagine if this was a town full of conservative muslims refusing a woman citizenship on account of her not wearing a hijab and was asked to `` just move elsewhere '' . 
  we would call it ghettoization , people would be up in arms . 
  and they would have every right to be . 
  ... do you not consider this very case an example of how it does not successfully work ? 
   `` no sexual discrimination '' is an idea shared among europeans . 
  it is not . 
  in what strange dream world do you live ? 
  ( it is also not an idea shared solely among europeans which , again , makes the point of it being `` our '' culture void . ), 
   in this case the `` culture '' is easy . 
  no sexual discrimination . 
  [ ... ] our culture is to let children be children ( they have n't yet hit puberty ) . 
  our culture is to respect the education system . 
  our culture even includes questioning continuously itself . 
  ... and again , how exactly is that `` our culture '' . 
  you 're not answering the core question , which is , what makes some random values into `` culture '' . 
   well yes culture is something fluent and very difficult to define . 
  then again , why do you keep using it as some seemingly clearly defined concept . 
  and also again , what does danes feeling scandinavian have to do with muslim girls in swimming lessons .
