  okay . 
   why are they called refugees ? 
  the article mentions that the police reported that the right-wingers sparked the fight . 
  yeah , sorry , i still do n't get it . 
   why are they called racist ? 
  the article mentions that the police reported that the refugees sparked the fight . 
  the refugees started a fight with right-wingers , really should n't be that hard to understand . 
   no , no , it 's all fine over here , no problems whatsoever . 
  i do n't remember anyone saying that . 
   once a country stops properly verifing who enters is in fact `` giving the green light '' to everybody . 
  yes , everyone can apply for asylum . 
  that 's how it works . 
  does not mean everyone will eventually get it . 
   notice how i said migrants and not muslims ? 
  so you 're basically saying , as long as there are foreigners , there 's xenophobia . 
  i mean , it 's correct , it just does n't really make me any more sympathetic to the nazis . 
  the highest-rated post on / r/de about the incident mentions that refugees allegedly started it right in the fucking title . 
  it 's very nice that you think differently , but facts do n't really care for what you think . 
   why for heaven 's sake would they start a fight with a group 4 times as big ? 
  i assume that it happened like most of those fights happened : first , insults being thrown back and forth , then finally , someone snapping and throwing something , then , chaos . 
   so let me get this straight . 
  economic migrants take over a part of the city and the locals fight with them to regain control and access to their city . 
  cops show up and migrants proceed to throw bottles and chairs . 
  then somehow the media portrays the locals as the blood thirsty far right ? 
  if by `` getting it straight '' you mean `` making up some story what you think happened '' then yes , you got it straight . 
  i prefer them to the kind of leaders who want to force their shitty ideas about society on all generations to come , yes . 
  but the ideal type of leader are of course the ones who truly think long-sighted . 
   with tactics like this , there 's a probability the afd will lose in popularity . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  at that point , any predictions concerning afd center around the question how many people even know what the party stands for . 
  the kind of demographic it addresses through it 's larger program would definitely share that mindset , since they appeal to the ( christian ) ultra-conservatives and nationalists . 
  afd has lived through far worse statements , even risen . 
  the protest voters , of course , might disagree ( and also the low-income portion of their voters who neither can nor want to live up to this ultra-conservative , rather middle-class ideal ) . 
  but again , they have n't so far . 
  i think afd will not really lose much as long as their primary voter demographic is essentially one having no political interests beyond `` i do n't ant any foreigners here '' . 
   she 's not leaving anything for her children , so does n't really care what she leaves behind . 
  which is very good . 
  let the younger generations speak for themselves , do not claim to care about them just because you need a reason to push your bullshit beliefs . 
  look at brexit . 
  lots of idiots pretending to know what 's best for their children . 
  their children tended to disagree . 
  none of the things you said had anything to do with my post . 
  i said that it 's stupid how some eastern european users on this sub will repeatedly approve or act apologetic when it comes to racism against middle easterners , yet act surprised that the same bigots who hate those do not approve of eastern europeans either . 
  see , this is exactly what i mean . 
  you set what is reasonable bigotry and what is not , and you expect the rest of the world to think the same . 
  you know what the primary concern here was when the refugee crisis started ? 
  economic migrants . 
  and in germany , that does not mean anyone from the middle east , that means eastern europeans . 
  that was the biggest concern . 
  even a social democrat mayor publicly proclaimed that he 'd rather take a dozen syrians then a single eastern european . 
  the oh so beloved nationalist afd was even less subtle . 
  when there was a state election in brandenburg , their primary concern was strengthening border security . 
  look at a map , see what brandburg borders . 
  `` poles steal our cars '' is alive and well in those circles . 
  and all of that has been going on for years . 
  the cheap boulevard stories about criminal eastern european immigrants . 
  the polls saying people do n't want to live next to eastern europeans . 
  the hateful comments , the neo-nazi rallies , the attacks , the whole bigoted bullshit . 
  but now we have middle easterners and suddenly the eastern bigots expect that the western bigots will start to like them . 
  they wo n't . 
  you know , whenever another eastern european immigrant gets beaten up or killed or becomes victim of racial hatred in another way , i wonder where all the eastern europeans on this sub are who so loudly and proudly proclaim that middle easterners do n't fit in due to their culture , but eastern europeans are totally accepted here . 
  seems that xenophobes tend to disagree . 
  it 's almost as if - who would have thought - they just hate foreigners in general . 
  and exactly what is `` that bad '' now ? 
  half of europe has refused to take in refugees before , half of europe still does that . 
  seems not much has changed . 
  you 'll ship them to gotland ? 
  they do n't want to take any , fine , then they do n't get any money either . 
  okay , so the one thing i find for h\u00e4upl is that like strache , he was once a burschenschafts-member . 
  i do not find any sources for him taking part in military exercises with neo-nazis , meeting with banned neo-nazi organizations , holding an eulogy on the anniversary of the liberation from the nazis , regretting the `` fatal capitulation of the wehrmacht '' or once disturbing the staging of a play daring to talk about anti-semitism in austria while showing the hitlergru\u00df . 
  maybe this time you could find them for me ? 
  somewhat complicated to say . 
  they do score lower among the highly educated , but at the same time , their average income is also similar to the national average . 
  so it is n't really a party for the bottom of the barrel , more of a `` average not very bright people '' - party . 
  some of their more prominent members are actually professors - just not the particularly well-informed ones , as said . 
   but then there is the first , big picture in the article . 
  if you look at it there are several people with various haircuts , but they are all blurred . 
  they focus on one guy with a bald head . 
  obviously they want to tell people that afd are skinheads . 
  ... or they want to focus on the guy wearing a afd-logo on his shirt . 
  for me , your post is an example of confirmation bias . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinz-christian_strache#kontakte_mit_rechtsextremisten http://www.stopptdierechten.at/2011/05/04/strache-halt-am-tag-der-befreiung-vom-nationalsozialismus-trauerrede-vor-nazis/ https://youtu.be/cwoettathoy?t=1m10s, 
  complaints about students and especially liberal arts students supposed political naivety : check . 
  which is the hilarious point here . 
  the visegrad group is heavily economically dependent on those people they want to stand up to . 
  even if unified , they do n't get much more leverage in that regard . 
  they already have former neonazi hc strache for that . 
   they are above 5 % in all states mentioned , which means they get voices in the state parliaments . 
  voices which will never matter though . 
  no , it is a party made up entirely of right wingers . 
  either that , or dumb people . 
  the point is , just because you joined a party that labels itself leftist , does not mean you 're a leftist . 
  it 's easy being `` left '' as long as that just means `` stuff for me '' and not `` stuff for other people too '' . 
  probably did n't find the way to the hotel where they all go on vacation . 
  in the south , we have basically have states still heavily influenced by catholicism . 
  so there 's a major classic conservative influence there clashing with more socially liberal attitudes . 
  afd did of course profit from the refugee crisis there already , but baden-w\u00fcrttemberg was also the state where the whole `` teach traditional gender roles in schools '' protests started , which heavily influenced afd quite early ( both ideologically and personnel-wise ) . 
  in comparison , the north has stronger protestant and working-class leanings . 
  that kind of divide is important to consider , since that is really what can be seen as the common denominator of recent events .
