  ... i 'm not using words to intimidate you , i 'm using words that have no english equivalent . 
   incidentally , the nazi definition of the nation was strictly biologic and not restricted by borders , which means it has precisely nothing to do with the subject at hand . 
  you 're somewhat right , but not entirely . 
  you 're correct that nazi `` volkstum '' was primarily concerned with a pseudo-ethnic unity , and therefore , a united cause , defining the nation . 
  on the other hand , that does n't mean it is free of borders . 
  if the definition of a nation was purely biological , the conclusion would have been that germans / `` aryans '' can exist without any land belonging to them , that they could assimilate inbetween other ethnic groups . 
  yet that was evidently not the case . 
  `` volkstum '' was and is concerned with creating ethnically homogenous societies , which by definition implies drawing borders inside which no other ethnicity is granted a right to exist . 
  nor could it be said that those borders were only ever supposed to extend as far as the ethnicity the nation is based on does . 
  the nazis initially used to as a justification for annexing czechoslovakia , due to a minority of `` sudetendeutsche '' in it 's most western parts , true . 
  but hitler always emphasized the `` lebensraum im osten '' ideology as well , saying that it would be necessary to extend into the east and settle there , with no previous presence of ethnic germans / `` aryans '' . 
   no , it 's the aristotelian definition of the city reapplied to contemporary politics . 
  yes , and you might notice how aristotle has been dead for a few years and a lot more thinkers have had a lot more thoughts since then . 
  aristotle defined the ancient polis , the greek city state . 
  as everyone knows , greek `` democracy '' back then ( which only held for a few years anyway ) excluded not only women and slaves , but also non-natives ( metics ) , making it more akin to a oligarchy with slightly more participants . 
  in other words , of course you can take a thousands of years old theory on what a city is , already based on granting pseudo-ethnicities special rights , and then extrapolate that to define the modern state . 
  but why the hell would you want to do that ? 
   just as families are responsible for their own children and relatives , so too is a city/state responsible for its own , it 's not obligated to take care of foreigners beyond its means anymore than i am obligated to provide for someone else 's family . 
  you 're right , that is n't actually volkstum , since that presumes a collective will of a pseudo-ethnicity . 
  it seems more like a form of radical individualism extrapolated to including the whole nuclear family unit - at which point i might again ask you , why do you think you can apply this to a contemporary state ; even more so , how do you think a state would be possible with this as its basis . 
   you 're trying to guilt trip me with `` human rights '' talk while completely ignoring the realities of unlimited immigration and harboring of refugees . 
  it ca n't be sustained permanently . 
  why do people like you always talk about `` unlimited immigration '' and `` sustained permanently '' ? 
  refugees do n't grow on trees , there are only so many who can flee . 
  the whole `` the boat is full , we ca n't take any more '' logic is taken out before anyone even bothers looking up numbers . 
  take germany , arguably one of the countries taking in the most refugees . 
  we had 200,000 requests for asylum in the last year . 
  that 's not particularly much , in 1993 we had 438,000 . 
  even if we granted every single person asylum - and we do n't - we have 81,000,000 inhabitants , meaning a grand total of ... 0,2 % refugees . 
  if that means `` the boat is full '' , the boat is very shoddily built . 
  other countries like hungary have already closed down , despite not even having accepted close to that percentage of refugees . 
   when an underclass is created and sustained by unlimited immigration and harboring of refugees . 
  immigration and refuge are different issues . 
  even then , the `` unlimited immigration '' does n't hold up because it does n't happen . 
  refugees , in most cases , ca n't even work as long as they have n't been granted full asylum status , so holding that against them is absolutely idiotic . 
   roma are natives of eastern europe with a diaspora in western europe that does not assimilate . 
  all immigrants are responsible to assimilate if they intend to permanently reside in a foreign country , because until you 've been around for a few generations , you are a guest . 
  roma are discriminated wherever they are , whether in eastern or western europe . 
   i have no stake in this game because i 'm not european , but it looks clear that the failure of roma to assimilate to western europe custom is causing serious problems . 
  most people here have never met a roma in their whole life , yet will still have an opinion about them . 
  again : racism is strongest in region with the smallest immigrant population . 
  concerning your edit about vietnamese people : the difference is that vietnamese people specifically came to the former eastern bloc to work and to study , with the purpose being to strengthen communist vietnam when they went back ( many never did ) . 
  meanwhile , roma were always perceived as bad , so nothing really changed about that . 
  you might notice how similarly , anti-semitism did continue under stalins rule . 
  not because jews are just that bad at integrating but because the prejudice was already there and simply continued . 
  ( honestly , any argument that boils down to `` they were persecuted for so long , there must be some reason ! '', 
  generally turns out to not hold much value . ), 
  `` i talk like a nazi why do people call me one . '', 
   the state is just the organic outgrowth of the city , which is the outgrowth of the family . 
  that 's a `` v\u00f6lkische '' definition of the nation , not really used in modern political theory , because duh i wonder why . 
   and i must ask , is that charity or tax you 're referring to ? 
  why ... why would you ever think that `` donations '' refers to taxes ? 
  donations means charity of course . 
   its responsibility should be to natives , not foreigners , because it exists for its own nation , not other nations . 
  again , an archaic definition of the nation . 
   but it is simply not reasonable to jam europe full of foreign refugees when it becomes detrimental to the natives i can interpret this statement in two ways : first , any sort of detrimental effect is undesirable . 
  that more or less implies that human rights do n't matter as long as anyone might be ever so slightly inconvenienced by them , which , as you might notice , can be used to justify any sort of oppression . 
  second , you 're saying that the detrimental effect is `` too big '' . 
  in that case i might ask how you define what is `` too big '' . 
  lastly , i might add that throughout your argument you seem to forget that by any reasonable measure , by now , roma are natives . 
  `` racism is fine if i say it is . '', 
  because you knew that germans had learned absolutely nothing during the last 70 years ? 
  no , just a cultural marxist who wants to cut mens balls off and dismantle the nuclear family by bringing sex-starved muslims into the country to seduce all white women , while the men watch in horror , taken away by the pc police to be reeducated by the gay agenda . 
  or something like that , i do n't know what people commonly accuse me of these days . 
  remind me , why exactly do we only apply this `` i once saw an x do something , therefore x are no good ! '', 
  to ethnic groups we perceive as `` the others '' ? 
  it is not for `` other people '' , no one demands that you give your house away to refugees . 
  it is the obligation of the state to create appropriate housing . 
  but to answer your question , foremost , i sadly do not currently have any room to give away . 
  should i ever acquire some , i 'd be generally willing to give it away , but i do not feel qualified to give the appropriate support that potentially traumatized people will need - so i 'd rather do donations . 
  sinti and roma are the minority group with the worst public image ; refugees have to go through our broken system for granting asylum and are mostly not granted asylum status , but `` tolerated '' status , which means they have no right to integration courses , school for their children or welfare , and they can be deported any day . 
  in other word , it goes like shit . 
  this is literally the oldest joke in the book . 
  `` well if you knew the roma i have met ... '' `` well if you knew the muslims i have met ... '' `` well if you knew the jews i have met ... '' `` well if you knew the gays i have met ... '' ( nevermind that statistically , the areas with the least immigrants are always the most racist . ), 
  indeed , sadly , but we still have time to reconsider that . 
   parasites remind me , why do you not simply fly the swastika directly ? 
   perhaps you cucks should take the gypsies into your country and you 'll see what they are like . 
  your vocabulary speaks volumes . 
  apart from that , why the hell should others take responsibility for the racism of your society . 
  the only option here would be paying a harsh , punishing tax in exchange for those people being granted asylum elsewhere ; but i doubt you would support that . 
  no , i did n't mean that those groups are perfectly integrated already . 
  i meant that the whole `` hard to integrate '' wording implies that those people are hard to integrate despite all attempts to do so ; instead of the fact that they were and often still are excluded from the very same people and systems in the first place . 
  we live in the 21st century . 
  anyone arguing `` oh no , our culture is oh so special , it ca n't possibly accommodate those people '' automatically sounds like an asshole to me . 
  claiming you have a `` problem with integrating romas '' is like claiming that `` the us has a problem with integrating black people '' . 
  no you do n't . 
  your precious culture is simply racist as fuck , has treated those people like shit and now acts all surprised that they live in ghettos and act like shit themselves . 
  i 'm disturbed by all the anti-roma sentiment exhibited in this thread . 
  if those are common attitudes in your home countries , we have to question whether considering european countries safe for asylum seekers per se is a reasonable policy . 
   as long as the uk is not trying to sabotage the eu for national gains i want them to stay . 
  the british prime minister has literally said that he wants to cherry-pick the benefits of the eu while ignoring the obligations . 
  [ pierre vogel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_vogel ) and sven lau would be pretty well known recent examples ; theres a fair share of reports on people joining isis as well . 
  and what the hell do you think would be the position opposite to that ? 
  `` destroy europe '' ? 
  do you think anyone wants that ? 
  ( oh wait , how about euro-sceptics and everyone demanding that greece be kicked out ... ) the fact that germany and france pay lip service to the same idea does n't mean that their actual plans do n't clash . 
  just look at germanys stupid refusal to cut debt . 
   when was the last time that we talked about the fact that many muslims - also those in the west - are extremely homophobic and is largely given a free pass because they 're a minority ? 
  how the hell are we doing that . 
  people are well aware of that .
