   if you focus on not letting in a single person more than the cap says , then yes . 
  but that is exactly how a quote works !, 
  you say yourself that we could just let in a hundred more . 
  so we 're basically just extending the quote by a hundred . 
  so will the people stop coming after we take in that one hundred more ? 
  no , they wo n't . 
  so do we take in another hundred ? 
  if not , how do we decide who to take in for the first hundred ? 
  the comparison with the gdr shows how stupid this concept is , because not even the gdr pretended that it could actually and reliably keep everyone inside . 
  but that 's exactly what a quote aims to do , it sets up this definite goal , and if it does n't hit this definite goal , it is entirely pointless . 
  and the quota wo n't stop the stream of refugees either . 
  they have been coming here well before , when the vast majority of them was never even officially eliglible in the first place due to the dublin laws . 
  and they kept on coming . 
  also , seriously , if you are taking the gdr as an example of working border control , then that 's really an argument against that kind of border control . 
   secondly , it would be entirely possible to create an infrastructure centered around bringing a certain number of people in from the outside , eg . 
  directly from crisis regions . 
  that was attempted before , and while it is not an inherently bad idea , it ca n't be expected to work with the current political circumstances . 
  through such direct transfer programs , germany had taken in a mere 20.000 people in three years . 
  same for all the suggestions of `` lets just treat them down there '' , which would n't even work as a long term solution if anyone actually bothered to give the money instead of just talking about it to speak out against taking in refugees . 
  as said , it would work , but only with a government genuinely interested in taking in realistic numbers of refugees . 
  otherwise it always just boils down to `` we do n't give a fuck as long as they are n't dying on our lawn '' . 
   you ca n't disagree that criticizing the irregular migration or the migrants themselves as a whole carries a social stigma in germany and criticizers risk their humanity being questioned at least . 
  as if humanity is determined solely by your stance on immigration and refugee policy ... 
  yes , i can disagree , because this is utter bullshit . 
  people criticizing immigration are on tv , on the streets , writing for newspapers , hell , they are . 
  our . 
  politicians . 
  who . 
  keep . 
  getting . 
  reelected . 
  there are people whose entire careers consist of saying stuff they supposedly ca n't say . 
  akif pirrinci wrote a bestselling book about `` the insane cult surrounding women , homosexuals and immigrants '' and only recently got kicked out of his contract after his infamous `` sadly the concentration camps are currently closed '' speech at a pegida rally . 
  publishing houses like kopp depend on a portofolio consisting entirely of conspiracy theorists , esotericians and new right authors and neither does anyone stop them from doing that , nor do they face financial ruin . 
  when people hold anti-immigration rallies , nobody is banning them - even when they 're openly carried out by known neo-nazis . 
  when counter protesters block them , they'e beaten down by police . 
  when public tv comes there to talk to the people they either straight out refuse it or keep on going how they ca n't even say all the stuff they 're currently saying , with millions of people watching on tv . 
  the consensus in the press was and still very much is that we should not demonize those movements but try to understand the reasons for people to join them . 
  so tell me , where is that supposed ostracization ? 
  who the hell is stopping you from saying all the things you want to say ? 
  no one . 
  no one fucking is . 
  because it 's hipocrisy , just utter hipocrisy . 
  when people say that `` they ca n't even say this thing anymore '' , what they really want is to say this thing without any sort of criticism . 
  they want everyone to agree with them . 
  they simply ca n't accept that they may be a minority opinion , or that their opinion might simply be shit . 
  that 's why they insist so damn hard that everyone totally agrees with them , they just do n't say so , because you ca n't even say anymore ... you know the drill . 
  if you are anti-immigration , you can openly say so , you can hold your rallies . 
  so accept that when twice or ten times the counter protesters want to disagree with you , they can do so as well . 
  merkel has been doing and saying that for weeks now . 
  people keep pretending that her entire course so far consisted of blindly welcoming refugees , hell , i 'd understand it outside of germany , but even here people keep believing that . 
  stricter rules for asylum have been planned since the beginning of november and were supposed to be passed a week ago , but spd is currently blocking them over some minor additions . 
  merkel has been talking about them since the middle of october . 
  single-case-examination of syrians had been reintroduced in november as well , is currently suspended but will probably soon come back ; also since november the dublin treaties are applied for syrians again . 
  family reunification - also suspended since the beginning of november . 
  by the end of november , the number of people arriving daily had halved . 
  ( by the way , those policies actually show the hipocrisy of `` we want to take legitimate refugees of war but not economic migrants !, 
  '' , considering that they all specifically apply to syrians . ), 
  to put that into perspective , the decision to let in the refugees stuck in hungary happened on the 4th of september . 
  seriously , this is fucking ridiculous . 
  merkel held an anti-refugee course beforehand and continued it directly afterwards . 
  yet people either praise or hate her for paying lip service to the constitutional , limitless right to asylum while openly undermining it the rest of the time . 
   they want the government to state a number of migrants that can come in in one year , and when this number is reached the boomgate falls down for everyone else . 
  yes , and thats the point . 
  that does n't work . 
  it 's entirely unrealistic . 
   they agree that the significant majority of germans are still welcoming of migrants and that only neonazi lunatics riot against them . 
  yes , because that 's the case . 
  seriously , what has / r/europe come to . 
  `` oh , a german voicing an opinion ever so critical of merkels immigration policy !, 
  how can it be ? 
  have they escaped the secret reeducation camps ? 
  finally we have the confirmation that civil war is raging in germany ! '', 
   that 's probably where we disagree . 
  to me not much short of `` we need to get rid of them at any cost '' counts as implicit violence . 
  yes , and that 's what those anti-immigration speeches consist of . 
  they talk about invasion , about the need to defend ourselves , about the great danger to people and their families , about the violence of muslims , the incompetence of the government and the need to `` rise up '' against it . 
   source ? 
  and what about the attendants ? 
  i do n't consider pegida types to be neo-nazis . 
  pegida leadership is closely intertwined with known neo-nazis and you will find your fair share of neo-nazis in attendance . 
  but you 're right that the overall movement trends more towards the national conservative side . 
  but we 're not speaking about pegida here . 
  pegida is the name for the movement that marches in dresden , and has the most attendants , which has led to it being slightly more moderate ( as said , national conservatives , not nazis , so only slightly ) . 
  in other cities , movements with gida in the name have spread as well , but they 're separate , smaller , thus often more extreme , and sometimes even denounced by the original pegida movement ( but that is mostly tactics - as said , the leaders of pegida are themselves more extreme then the people going to their rallies , so they denounce more extreme movements as to not drive the few remaining moderates away ) . 
  legida in leipzig effectively consists entirely of the neo-nazi scene of the region . 
  and in this specific case it was n't even the legida movement that organized the march ( they only march on mondays ) , but the party `` the right '' , `` offensive for germany '' and the thuringian gida-branch , th\u00fcgida , all of them openly neo-nazistic . 
  to add , those flags are associated with specific far rights movements . 
  the wirmer-flag is mostly used by the so called reichsb\u00fcrger-movement , a bunch of people who believe that germany is still occupied by the us or actually a limited liability company , not a state ( maybe both ) . 
  they believe that the german empire continues to exist and want it restored in those old borders , although they ca n't decide most of the time which borders they mean . 
  ( their theories about the continued existence of the old empire suggest the borders of the weimar republic ; but they often use the one of the old kaiserreich or the third reich as well ) for the flag of the empire itself , you 'll often see it in it 's pure form , so only the black-white-red bars . 
  the link here is not only that the use of the actual flags of the third reich is banned , but also the tendency of the `` new right '' to identify more with national conservatives - who helped get the nazis to power - instead of the nazis themselves . 
  a popular new idol of the new right is stauffenberg , who failed to assassinate hitler . 
  stauffenberg was a national conservative , not a democrat , and happily went along with hitler until it became apparent that germany would suffer defeat in the war . 
  so the plan of that coup was not the restoration of the weimar republic , but either going back to a monarchy or simply continuing with a somewhat milder dictatorship . 
  the new right loves to hold him up as an example of `` see , you can be right wing without being a nazi !, 
  '' , which , when seen in context , does not really mean much . 
  okay dude , seriously , if you have no idea what you 're talking about , please just do n't bother to reply . 
  you 're attempting to argue against facts . 
  [ socialism in one country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialism_in_one_country ) was the established doctrine of the soviet union under stalin .
