  the true lie here is coming from the german government which insists that they will totally get all that money back . 
  no they wo n't . 
  everyone knows it . 
  and everyone calls us an idiot for still believing that greece will ever be able to repay its debts . 
  the iwf straight out refuses offering any further help if germany does n't finally accept that the money is gone , we will never get it back , we need to make a debt cut . 
  sanders would probably be a moderate or right-leaning social democrat in europe . 
  if we already perceive that as communism , it only shows that european politics are increasingly moving towards the right . 
   i mostly agree with merkel but i think there needs to be some kind of actual process to filter out asylum seekers from welfare shoppers . 
  what the fuck do you think happens right now . 
  you just apply for asylum and get handed an unlimited visa ? 
   because we ca n't afford it . 
  that points is ridiculous . 
  estonia , for example , wants to take in 200 to 250 refugees , they too can supposedly not afford any more . 
  that 's what a small german town has these days . 
  do you really want to tell me that the entire nation of estonia has the gdp of a small german town ? 
  they are kurds . 
  from syria . 
  how cynic does one even have to be to pretend that those people are `` economic migrants '' . 
  not to mention that the father in the story above did n't even want to go to germany - they wanted to go to canada , because they had family there . 
  uh no ze marxists are destroying our precious nation, 
  i seriously do n't understand how the very countries that the nazis violently occupied now cry `` oh , germany has gotten weak !, 
  it should be way more nationalistic and intolerant !, 
  nothing can go wrong ! '', 
  dublin iii is a regulation which says that a refugee has to be granted asylum in the first european country they enter/register in . 
  so if someone asks for asylum in germany , and tells the authorities that he came in through , say , hungary , their application will be denied and they 're sent back to hungary to apply for asylum there . 
   we should make it very clear that no eu country will take any refugees that are n't from a country directly bordering the eu and can prove it . 
  why should we possibly do that . 
  the very principle of asylum demands that you take in everyone who needs it , not just the people you like or want . 
  indeed ; i 'm always surprised what amount of misconceptions there is about middle eastern countries when it comes to their wealth . 
  someone else in this thread genuinely asked whether syrians even know about paying rent and whether they know working hours . 
  yeah , of course they fucking do , do you think they all live in houses of mud made with their bare hands and live from berries they find in the bushes ? 
  there 's also the very popular assertion that refugees get way too much money because so many of them have smartphones - but the majority of refugees actually bring those with them . 
  because , yeah , smartphones too are totally a thing in the middle east . 
  companies invested vast sums into the mobile network of developing countries , and whenever you bring your phone into the shop to exchange it for a new one , the old model is exported to those emerging markets . 
  on the one hand , i hope that i can one day look back at those times and tell them `` well , luckily , all the idiots eventually died out and we got around to actually doing good stuff '' . 
  on the other hand , as we say in germany , `` dumm fickt gut '' . 
  okay . 
  so your suggestion . 
  apart from , obviously , stopping climate change . 
  just let the people die until we solved that ? 
  sometimes there was and since we 're already polemic anyway , i 'll just pretend that this was the sole driving factor . 
  we actually can , but before doing so , we always have to fill out a form , send it to the afla ( amt f\u00fcr lachangelegenheiten ) , get another two forms back , which we have to send to separate subdepartments ii and 2 of the bfhvf ( bundesministerium f\u00fcr humor , verbraucherschutz und frauen ) - easy to confuse , because they now use capital letters and roman numerals - before getting back another form , which asks us to repeat all information from the former two forms and write two-thousand word essay on why we found the particular thing to be laughed at worthy of being laughed at . 
  they provide five empty lines for that in the official form , attachments need to be requested with a separate anhangsverbotaussetzungsantrag . 
  so yes , germans can and do indeed laugh , but only three to five months later . 
   both situations you 're doing something illegal that has a significant mortality rate and a significant financial incentive if you 're successful . 
  so did hiding jews from the nazis . 
   to receive benefits from the german government that german citizens work hard every day to pay for this whole idea is that you have to `` earn '' humanitarian aid is so persistent , yet so idiotic . 
  i mean , lets get the obvious part right out of the way : even as a german , you do n't have to pay for those benefits . 
  overall , yes , the system would fail if no one paid taxes at all , but as an individual , you will get benefits even if you have never paid any taxes . 
  second , they 're refugees . 
  refugees from another country . 
  obviously , they have never worked in the country and paid taxes here . 
  yet we normally recognize that for humanitarian reasons , we should help them anyway . 
   similarly , whether europe 's borders were open or closed was immaterial to the estimated 2,500 people who , according to unhcr , have drowned in the mediterranean this year alone . 
  they died simply because they entrusted their lives into the hands of human traffickers who promised them an escape and who placed them in overcrowded and unseaworthy vessels . 
  okay , i get the overall point , but this is still fucking bullshit . 
  people are n't boarding those ships for convenience . 
  they 're boarding them explicitly because all other ways in are closed down . 
  so yeah , we need to offer safe passage over the mediterranean sea , we ca n't just say `` come in '' without opening the door , but it 's still europe 's fault that people even have to take the dangerous option because the door was closed in the first place . 
  getting into europe is actually awfully expensive for refugees . 
  so many families ca n't afford to get the whole family into europe . 
  but since law - at least german law , i do n't know whether it works that way elsewhere - permits people who are granted asylum to bring in their family , who are then automatically granted asylum as well , families will send the ones who they deem most likely to be able to find work and make money : young men . 
   ironic that the western roman empire fell because of a german wave of refugees fleeing from the huns . 
  there is , and always has been , major disagreement over what actually caused the fall . 
  most historians are genuinely surprised that it had even held for so long , considering how vast it had eventually become , and how quickly so , leading to enormous overextension . 
  there are other causes historians generally agree on : the fact that it was an empire in the first place , meaning major internal uprisings against the oppressors ; too much military spending and constant wars ; political corruption ; the never addressed issue of the divide between the military - especially the praetorian guard - and the government ; a failing economy - romes economy was mostly based on heavy exploitation of conquered regions , not on sustainability ; the obvious issue of slavery , leading to unemployment ; and obviously christianity . 
  there 's actually major disagreement whether those `` migrations '' can even be called such and how influential they actually were - today , they 're mostly considered full on invasions . 
  the same kind of migrations also happened in the eastern roman empire , yet that one managed to survive . 
   perhaps the german people should listen to the old maxim `` he who studies the past , can predict the future '' we should , some people still have n't learned anything from the weimar republic . 
   not true at all . 
  they are mostly labelled as cheap workers who will do almost every low-level job . 
  dude . 
  you ca n't change what people say about eastern europeans simply by claiming that they do n't do so . 
   it is justified because it 's true . 
  check my other post for proofs . 
  oh right . 
  i guess no one who was wrong ever said that . 
  a law that is n't morally right should not be a law . 
  apart from that , the definition of reasons for asylum according to german law does actually include not being directly politically prosecuted , but discriminated and at risk of bodily harm through other institutions , with the government unable or unwilling to protect them . 
   after seven years , if there are german refugees fleeing to east to only non muslim countries they are able to find i do n't even know what to say , i 'm giggling too hard . 
  the rejected applications are n't necessarily economic refugees . 
  see how even for syria there 's rejections . 
  those are likely dublin iii rejections . 
   but if you try to put a large number of muslims in countries that were occupied by ottomans for 500 years it will lead to a revolt . 
  almost the same areas were also occupied by the austrians , but i do n't hear a giant uproar that catholics are incompatible with eastern european culture and will destroy your `` values '' . 
   we paid you once and now you will have to abide by german rules . 
  no , but it 's evident that the very countries who have happily held open their hands for various measures of solidarity now suddenly ask `` oh , solidarity ? 
  never heard of such a thing ! '', 
  you 're behaving like the uk , picking out whatever you like about the eu and leaving anything else behind . 
  and seriously , who wants to be the fucking uk . 
  oh , you 're right . 
  everyone just wants whats best for them . 
  i guess we just solved politics and can all go home . 
   roma face discrimination almost everywhere they show up , i wonder why ? 
  we also said that about the jews and boy did that go well . 
   roma in serbia might have difficulties , but it 's not like the state would hunt them down or anything . 
  it 's certainly not comparable to syrians being caught up between a dictator and isis . 
  yeah , but how we treat people should n't be based solely on whether they could be treated any worse . 
  yes . 
  what else do you think is the reason ?
