  it is definitely a party of morons and yes , i would consider them extremist . 
  csu voter will evidently see that differently in the same way that you see it differently for fidesz or pis . 
   in fact i think we should usually use there metrics directly to filter immigrants and refugees instead of ethnicity . 
  there is exactly one metric for refugees : are they persecuted or fleeing from war ? 
   as are country citizens and non-citizens . 
  but again , i do n't really care . 
  if you want me to support the deportation of immigrants , i see no reason at all to not also support the deportation of natives . 
  i really have no reason not to . 
  you might want to migrate to iran , i head they 're fans of theocratic governments . 
  this is exactly the kind of shit i was talking about above !, 
  it was the same with a recent thread about denied asylum seekers that are n't taken back by their respective home countries ( e.g. 
  morocco ) , and people kept suggesting to just `` drive there with a military convoy to load them off and if the moroccons start shooting , shoot back '' yeah guys , lets just start a war with morocco over their immigrants !, 
  and then just occupy a bunch of places in libya to build a city without the government ( s ) permission !, 
  it will all be super-easy and not at all expensive or a major diplomatic incident !, 
  and lets not consider if there is even any sort of legal basis for that !, 
  i think it differs . 
  trump is , after all , only the american version of putin . 
  if anybody really defined this `` appealing to ultra-conservative voters without actually believing it '' - style of politics in recent years , it 's putin . 
  i think polands pis leans slightly more towards actually believing the shit they say , while hungary leans more towards that dishonest style . 
  i think both are more convinced of the ideas they espouse then both trump and putin though . 
   which is fine , but to dismiss things you disagree with as stupid betrays an insecurity in your own beliefs . 
  you are aware that all beliefs ca n't be equal , right ? 
   first of all , the cause of death has not been verifiyed yet . 
  i assume it has something to do with `` leaking a literal pool of blood after being pushed to the ground '' . 
  just my educated guess as an amateur . 
   and do n't call it stupid because you do n't agree with it i call it stupid because that 's what it is . 
  again , either that , or willfully hateful ( i would keep saying fascist , but that seems to get your panties in a twist ) . 
  i mean sure , if we want to get specific . 
  it 's not like that makes it much better though . 
  what else would you call a mean saying things like :  my position is that what we are experiencing now is the end of an era : a conceptual-ideological era . 
  putting pretension aside , we can simply call this the era of liberal babble . 
  this era is now at an end , and this situation both carries a huge risk and offers a new opportunity . 
  it offers the chance for the national-christian ideology , way of thinking and approach to regain dominance -- not only in hungary , but throughout the whole of europe . 
  this is the opportunity . 
  or you know , when he recently tried dragging the whole visegrad group into a `` cultural counter-revolution '' with the help of poland . 
  what would you call that ? 
   disagreeing with you , does n't make him a moron . 
  no , his very specific political positions make him one . 
  as said , either that , or a fascist . 
   also orban is n't a moron . 
  well that 's worse , if he actually means and understands the things he says . 
  i love this thread . 
  oh , orban , total moron , but this idea , it 'll totally work , i 'm telling you !, 
  yes , technically , lybia is still torn apart by war , but what if we move the camp a few meters to the right !, 
  i mean , the turkey deal was kind of total shit and that was n't even about building about a whole fucking city , but i 'm telling you , this time it will totally work !, 
  and then we 'll just lock everything down and shoot people and there will be no backlash at all !, 
   looks like there are 400k in germany right now . 
  there are n't . 
   we are not talking about the jews here . 
  problematic immigrants do exist . 
  and you think the major difference lies exactly where ? 
   for the same reason why its acceptable to lock other people ( non-residents ) out of your own house , but not acceptable to force someone out from his/her own house . 
  that is actually legal under certain circumstances , so it 's kind of a bad example . 
   if there are ehtnic conflicts , then they are mostly the fault of immigrants not assimilating , imho . 
  damn jews never assimilating , amirite . 
   it would be unacceptable to let the immigrants in no , i do n't really see why . 
  i 'm not advocating the deportation of the natives , so why should i advocate a ban on immigration . 
   you can not deport legal citizens who are here at home . 
  why ? 
  that is what i mean . 
  why those kind of double standards ? 
  why should it be acceptable to lock immigrants out but unacceptable to deport native citizens ? 
  i think we 're speaking about two different statistics . 
  what you 're listing is the general statistic of crimes committed by all sorts of foreigners , yes . 
  there is separate one though about crimes considered to be political ones . 
  and where do you think that spending goes ? 
   debatable . 
  why ? 
  do you disagree that there are xenophobes in the native population causing ethnic conflicts ? 
   and you still are ok with bringing them in ? 
  of course i am . 
  if they are eligible for asylum , they get asylum . 
  that is how it works . 
   even better : in general , we dont let them inside in the first place unless they qualify as economically promising . 
  that should help to keep poverty and inequality low . 
  you misunderstand : should we deport everyone who is economically worse off to camps in africa ? 
   and then you are a minority , even in western europe , not to mention elsewhere . 
  when hungary built the fence , it had a hard time finding businesses to do it because they considered it inhumane . 
  so maybe there are more people then you believe who disagree with this . 
  maybe there are not . 
  it does n't really matter . 
   if your interpretation of refugee rights makes it so that the refugees are entitled not only to escape a warzone but then to live inside europe my interpretation is that any accommodation outside of europe has failed or will do so in the near future . 
   why the hell not ? 
  those are the worst kind of conflicts . 
  indeed they are , but they are in the responsibility of the natives as well . 
  why should we give in to the demands of xenophobes ? 
   it is a tough problem to solve if you have a minority that is economically worse off . 
  so we deport everyone who is economically worse off to camps in africa ? 
   nobody is laughing at hungarian wall . 
  no , we are looking at it with disgust . 
   didnt i answer that already ? 
  i did you did not say why , you just keep saying that you do believe so . 
  i do not . 
  we will have to disagree . 
   some of these are on eu soil . 
  and they do n't work for fucks sake . 
  you keep going in circles with your argument . 
  we have already discussed that the existing camps are n't sufficient . 
  why do you think it will be any different if build more of those things offshore ? 
  what are you even talking about ?
