  it is neither interested nor dependent on the educated political participation of those it rules . 
  that makes it inherently oppressive . 
  i do not downplay it , i set it into relation and ask what exactly people expect me to do or advocate over it . 
   secondly , there is nothing inherently evil about a dictatorship are you seriously hoping for any rational discourse after this fucking bullshit ? 
   13 % percent of syrian refugees have a positive view of isis . 
  the same percentage of eastern germans wants a dictatorship . 
  both numbers are concerning , but you do n't see me demanding to rebuild the wall over it . 
  last time i looked , the far-right extremists babbled something about `` the great replacement '' and `` every muslims is a danger to state security '' and how we need to defend our borders by shooting every refugee trying to cross . 
  that 's why we call them extremists . 
  for their lack of nuance . 
  the ansbach suicide bomber is especially interesting . 
  he was tortured in syria by the government , came to bulgaria to apply for asylum there , was abused there again and thrown onto the street . 
  and only there did he get into contact with isis and sent to germany , where he began therapy . 
  he was due to be deported back to bulgaria , but before they could do that , he blew himself up . 
   if the choice of sacrifice is between children at the public pool and they are threatened by burqas exactly how ? 
   but an hour a day is excessive . 
  ... and where did you get the idea that this is supposed to be one hour a day ? 
  people constantly discuss what subjects are somehow more useful and practical . 
  cut the arts to have more time for the sciences , cut the sciences to have more time for the arts . 
  somehow make place for some stupid new shit someone thinks they need : cooking !, 
  doing your taxes !, 
  i mean , we can obviously have this discussion , and everyone can have their opinion on that , but it should be quite obvious that there is no simple answer there . 
   islam has been more or less the same for thousands of years you could have basically stopped there , since it 's flat out wrong . 
  if islam actually managed to stay the same for `` thousands of years '' , that would not even be quite remarkable since not only is younger than two thousand years , it would also somehow be the only religion or cultural practice that manages to stay exactly as it was throughout history . 
   holy fuck it is : that kind of accidental backfiring is quite typical when starting with such bullshit . 
  it was the same story when people did n't want islamic festivals in public places . 
  but since you ca n't just make laws like that , it had to be a ban on religious festivals in general . 
  so then there could be no more christmas markets and they ended up complaining that it is somehow the muslims fault that they had to be renamed winter markets . 
   but manifestation ( s ) are not permanent . 
  who defines what is `` permanent '' ? 
  i 'm sure no one is wearing the burqa all day . 
  they have to take it off sometimes . 
  it 's cheap populism , and thats all it is . 
  none of the attacks were in any way related to people wearing burkas . 
  the most deadly one - the only deadly one , actually - in munich was n't even perpetrated by islamists . 
  and likely , none could have been prevented by lifting doctors confidentiality either . 
  and what the dual nationality is even possibly supposed to have to do with any of this , i really do n't know . 
  i do know that it is one of the stupid pet peeves of conservative assholes like de maiziere . 
  it does n't matter what happens , they 'll always propose the same old bullshit and paint it as some brand-new idea . 
   you should . 
  everybody will be voting soon . 
  for what ? 
  did you even bother looking up what the next election in germany would look like ? 
   you then wonder why things are going the way they are . 
  no , i really do not wonder at all when i look at this current discussion . 
  they forgot the tiny german flag next to bavaria . 
   its wanting to force them on the rest that bothers me . 
  oh no , you 're bothered . 
  how could i dare . 
   get a solution to stop the influx get rid of the fake ones . 
  we could catch them at the borders and gas them . 
  wants what ? 
   therefore , its useless . 
  if you see `` lower refugee numbers by any means '' as the goal , yes . 
  it does n't . 
  that 's not the purpose of a distribution scheme . 
  ... how about a distribution scheme for refugees ? 
   against the will of the people ? 
  i never said that she is always pushing her conservative policies against the will of the people . 
  obviously , she often has major support for that , otherwise she would n't be where she is in the first place . 
   lol wot . 
  what else would you call her economic policies ? 
   i ca n't see how opening the border and saying 1 million people from a different culture is a good thing is a conservative policy . 
  there are certainly more extreme options out there , but overall , her approach is still a conservative one . 
  austerity for greece would be an obvious example , domestic economic policy too . 
  and her policy on refugees is rather conservative too . 
  we 're not talking about a serious newspaper with experts intelligently presenting their differing ideological stances though . 
  we 're talking about a tabloid that may be worse then the daily mail . 
  when various groups therefore refused to participate or criticized the campaign , bild proclaimed that they must hate refugees . 
   angela merkel 's idea of government is top-down , trust-us-we-know-best , which in this age of referendums and social media is not exactly fashionable . 
  but she 's not following , she 's leading . 
  not everyone agrees with her , and her approach is not risk-free . 
  merkel , though , is not changing her mind . 
  it 's one of the few things i admire about her . 
  the obvious problem is that she is using that style of leadership to push policies i consider too conservative . 
  it is not entirely correct though . 
  first , the whole campaign very much crashed and burned . 
  bild was known for anti-immigrant rhetoric well before , so most of the partners they asked to participate ( football clubs etc. ), 
  refused to participate in what they saw as a hypocritical campaign . 
  second , bild actually never stopped with that rhetoric - it just ran in parallel , making them even bigger hypocrites . 
  i do n't agree with the article , but i think it indirectly raises some valid points . 
  it is true that the issue of erdogans leadership is abused by the entirely wrong people to make the entirely wrong points . 
  but obviously , the other perspective the author wants us to take is one we ca n't really take : that erdogans actions are justified because he did good things too or because other people did bad things that we supposedly ignore . 
  the same was said about hitler and look where that led us . 
  we ca n't give turkey `` unconditional support '' just because there was a coup . 
  but as i said , i think it indirectly shows us where this mindset is even coming from . 
  those people feel prosecuted and oppressed and therefore see erdogan as necessary . 
  that 's really not that different from , say , how isis is seen by many sunni muslims or how israel is seen by many jews . 
  yes , that is what i said . 
  fundamentalists from the country where they already have all the options they want obviously do n't need to flee elsewhere . 
   and by the way : it 's about separating the state and religions . 
   it 's not at all about controlling them . 
  which is the goddamn problem . 
  without having control over religion , one ca n't stop radicalisation . 
   they are not representative and they do enjoy being the victims . 
  and why do they do that ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  last time i looked , the great benefit of either being a victim or pretending to be a victim was getting accused of only pretending to be a victim . 
   well to be fair it works on every other religion . 
  no , it does not .
