  they love doing that . 
   perhaps even afd why would you ever . 
  everybody is like `` haha , let 's have some fun about our immediate neighbours . '', 
  only hungary be like `` haha , scotland , amirite ? '', 
  and see , that is why you really are n't so different from orban at all . 
  so not christian , but nationalist . 
   so you 're saying we should throw the dublin regulation out the window yes , should have never been established in the first place . 
   long story short ( because we can go round for hours and hours here ) , the whole system is ineffectual and needs serious overhaul . 
  i agree . 
  obviously not with the proposal , but with the assessment . 
   we imply a comparison , i.e. 
  the govt option is superior to the anarchist option . 
  that is exactly what i mean !, 
  it 's not just `` this option is better and this is worse '' . 
  certain aspects of one option can be better , while others can be worse . 
   you agree that what 's proposed by the anarchists is not possible , yet you do n't agree that the govt solution is superior ? 
  it 's like there are more than two possible solutions . 
  incredible , i know . 
   so what is this superior option doldenberg ? 
  first step would be integrating the organizations currently calling out the demolition who have already done much to improve the infrastructue in the `` jungle '' and guarantee that similar conditions will be provided in future camps . 
  next step : actually guaranteeing the existence and proper structure of those camps , because right now , they mostly exist on paper and are more like detention centers than a humane alternative to the `` jungle '' . 
  then work out a better solution concerning people getting to the uk . 
  if the uk refuses , just ship them there and be done with it . 
  why should france play bouncer for the uk ? 
   but we used property ownership as a basis for the franchise for a very long time . 
  yes , and that was a horrible idea . 
   the anarchists are n't proposing any better option that 's within their capacity to grant . 
  indeed , they 're not . 
  which is why i disagree with them . 
   what is being proposed by the french govt very simply is an inherently superior option . 
  it is not . 
   most historical notions of citizenship in a democracy depend on having skin in the game i see where this will inevitably lead and nope out right there . 
   here 's what sucks : calais is a clusterfuck for everyone - refugees , locals , police , politicians . 
  now we 're finally at a stage when the govt takes decisive action and these anarchists want to block it ? 
  they want to prolong the misery of everyone - refugees included - in calais ? 
  fuck that shit . 
  i do not agree with their methods at all . 
  but portraying this as a situation where the government has offered some inherently superior option and people disagree just because is stupid . 
   no , my point is that in order for them to be in a position to decide who gets to live where , they should have some skin in the game . 
  otherwise they 're just thugs . 
  remind me , what part of democracy demands that people need to have `` skin in the game '' before they 're allowed to have political opinions ? 
  how else would you call it ? 
  it does n't make sense as irony either . 
   presumably their view is that the migrants/asylum seekers should be allowed into the uk . 
  so why not give up their place for them ? 
  because one does not follow the other . 
  just because you want other people to be allowed in the country too does n't mean you do n't want to live there yourself . 
  and there really is no reason why immigration should demand identical emigration . 
  you 're just attempting to set up some incredibly cheap and dumb `` gotcha '' . 
  oh look , they want others to move in , but they do n't want to move out !, 
  what hypocrites !, 
  yeah sorry , but that makes no fucking sense . 
  ... and why exactly should they do that ? 
   well its not a decline because its not entirely natural . 
  ah yes , the artificiality of freedom of movement compared to the natural state of locking the population in the country with walls . 
  population decline ? 
  emigration ? 
  baltic holocaust ? 
   lithuanian genocide  before you call me crazy yeah sorry , but i had to stop reading there because i could n't stop laughing . 
  so , ( christian - ) nationalist reasons again . 
  if you somehow believe that those are the right things , yes , you will obviously say that . 
  it 's just that as i said , you then have to wonder what sort of right reasons there should be for doing it . 
   those are separate issues . 
  they are n't though . 
  the `` we can not let in ( muslim ) refugees '' directly follows the christian nationalism . 
  so does the stance on the eu . 
  you can of course attempt to argue for those very things from an entirely different perspective - and i 'd love to see you try - but then it 's not really sides of orban anymore . 
  have you considered that if all else is shit , that may not be so great either ? 
   `` we can not create freedom while this despicable leftist opposition exists , '' said laszlo barta , an orban supporter with a hungarian flag flung across his shoulders . 
  oh , so it 's that kind of freedom . 
  i see . 
  oh great , so it 's that kind of very politically steadfast person . 
  honestly , i personally think , and that is obviously an extremely controversial opinion , that we could abolish age of consent outright , but only through a massive expansion of sexual assault law in general . 
  age of consent is , after all , basically just an attempt to adress issues of power hierarchies and mental ability to make informed choices , trying to answer that choice by setting an age where you 're considered to be able to consent and one where you are n't . 
  this gets problematic because we see a tendency that after you reach that age , there is often very few regards for the same power structures which were considered harmful before , and do n't just stop existing because you turned 14/16/18 / etc. 
  so basically , with a massively expanded definition of rape that recognizes more subtle forms of pressure and obstacles to your ability to consent , we would n't really need age of consent . 
  i would say the dominant strain probably wants the borders of the weimar republic , but uses symbolism and ideology closer to imperial germany . 
  from mere probability , no , probably not anti-germans . 
  those tend to be very rare these days and even more rarely protest in public . 
  `` you care about the human rights of terrorists ? 
  what are you , a terrorist ? '', 
  - * you , right now *, 
  i do n't know , decent people ? 
  decent people might care ? 
   and mugging you at the main train station please what . 
  it 's honestly the same face we see everyday . 
  i mean , it 's chemnitz , a right winger would have been more likely , turned out the be a syrian , eh , it really does n't make much of a difference . 
   establish a culture of data/fact-driven decision making . 
  and what does that mean ? 
  lets apply it to reality , shall we . 
  what do data and facts say about gay marriage ? 
  what do they say about abortion ? 
  what do they say about refugees ? 
  everyone already considers their ideas to be based on `` facts '' and thereby , necessities . 
  the birth rate is low , we need to ban abortion . 
  the jews are parasites , we need to gas them . 
  god really did create all life , we need to teach creationism . 
  to pretend that there is some absolute truth hidden behind the supposed neutral interpretation of `` data '' and `` facts '' is just another form of populism , and an incredibly dangerous one at that . 
  i agree , but as said , some people truly think that democracy does not need to be more than mob rule . 
  especially the difference between `` the people '' and `` a majority of voters '' seems to be lost on them .
