  excusing every stupid bullshit because countries say `` lol we 're just assholes deal with it '' ? 
  this is cultural relativism at its finest . 
  whenever there is a middle eastern country saying western values like `` human rights '' or `` secularism '' or `` not killing people for being heathens '' are n't for them , there is - rightfully - outrage . 
  but when some eastern european idiots tell us they they just ca n't handle people who are n't them , we just have to accept that ? 
  fuck this . 
  i can only say it again because it 's just so absurd : the fact that merkels statement , meant to satisfy conservatives , is perceived as the most inviting statement made by any european head of government , really tells you something about the state of politics in the union . 
   the czech republic , hungary , romania and the baltic states have all voiced deep reservations about taking in refugees , arguing that they have no tradition of offering refuge to people of different cultures well time to learn then . 
  you 're right , it was technically not the greens as a whole , but the only minister president belonging to the party , in baden w\u00fcrttemberg - so probably the local chapter of the party in general . 
  yet even for the party as a whole , there has been some criticism . 
  at the beginning of the year , there was a open letter by the left wing base of the party criticizing that the party has increasingly moved to the right on social issues , and it 's openness to a coalition with the cdu . 
  surprise : that infrastructure was n't built and exclusively used by the terrorists . 
  i think that 's what lots of people ignore about isis . 
  they have n't been so successful because of their religious fanaticism . 
  they are successful because they provide infrastructure and administration previously unseen in those regions . 
  while the fanatic aspect is somewhat more important for non-native fighters , many of them are still drawn to the region with promises of wealth . 
  there 's also the well known issue that the iraqi anti-isis forces are dominated by extremist shiites . 
  sunni muslims who do n't actually support isis and merely had the bad luck of living in areas occupied with them are now retreating along with isis and bolstering their ranks because they fear that the shiites would lynch them if they stayed . 
  the western plans all seem to conveniently ignore that and just happily bomb the infrastructure and then give the people their utterly broken country back , wondering why they are n't thankful . 
  not to mention that the west refuses to support full kurdish independence , despite a free kurdistan likely being a far better option as a `` stability anchor '' in the middle east then continued reliance on only saudi arabia and israel . 
  if the state fails it 's humanitarian responsibility , the people will have to do it themselves . 
  `` we '' are n't anything . 
  the majority of germans has been incredibly supportive and open minded . 
  only a tiny minority clings that has learned nothing from history clings to their intolerant ideas . 
  you know , i genuinely believe that if all the loud assholes on the internet are an accurate representation of the european population , i enthusiastically look forward to it getting destroyed by immigrants . 
  but luckily they are n't , and their fear of destruction comes from knowing that their narrow worldview has passed its prime , that future generations will look at it with disgust as they have looked at every other generation thinking themselves to definitely be right this time round . 
  i suggest reading a few more articles on the issue , because it is n't as clear cut . 
  not only are there major issues with the definition of 3 . and how it is applied by judges , but also with how we treat the concept of consent . 
  [ taz ] ( http://www.taz.de/debatte-vergewaltigungsparagraf/!5024713/ ) has run a fairly interesting article on it citing a few cases that are not considered illegal according to current law : - grabbing a womans breast is not pressure by itself , because she has not yet told you not to . 
  - having sex with you husband despite telling him you do n't want to because struggling might wake the kids in the next room is n't rape . 
  - forcing yourself onto her despite her protests is n't considered violence meant to force sex either , because it 's already considered part of the sexual act . 
  - a `` climate of violence '' does n't count as a threat of violence , although that interpretation depends on the judge - some do consider it as such a threat , but there is no legal obligation to do so . 
  - the threat of violence also has to apply to the specific act of sex . 
  the article cites a particular case from 2012 where a man went to his ex-wifes house , shot a visitor , told her she 'd be next if she did n't come with him to a hotel room , then forced her to have sex there . 
  this was deemed to not be rape because the threat of killing her only applied to coming to the hotel . 
  - the threat also has to explicitly be towards `` bodily integrity or life '' . 
  other kinds of threats do n't count , for example : threat of deportation to an immigrant , threat of releasing compromising material on someone , threat of destroying personal belongings , etc. 
  - 3 also does n't apply to lack of consent , as you say . 
  it only applies to cases of being physically unable to consent , so while being unconscious or asleep . 
  3 . is interpreted very narrowly in general . 
  according to the federal court of justice , the situation has to be `` objectively '' without protection . 
  the assumption does n't count . 
  the case they cited in particular had a woman getting raped by a man , with the judges arguing that she could have cried for help from nearby people , despite acknowledging that she was n't aware of those people . 
  essentially , rape law in germany still amounts to `` if she did n't struggle hard enough it was consensual '' . 
  the new law would have mostly expanded the definition to recognize more kinds of possible exploitation beyond threats to body or life , see above . 
  it would n't even have called it rape though but created a new kind of criminal offense , called `` sexual abuse through exploitation of special circumstances '' . 
  i 'm sure they 'll install the refugee registration centers on foreign soil and legal methods of transit any second now . 
  any second now . 
  there 's no way this is just a cheap attempt to let the people die on the side of the sea where they do n't bother the tourists !, 
  yeah , i know , you will take in the refugees from the great war of belgian succession that will happen in 2020 . 
  it 's such a balanced and fair model . 
   he merely pointed out that those people are n't purely beneficial to our society . 
  oh who would have thought . 
  seriously , it 's so ridiculous how people try to dismiss taking in refugees with `` oh , there might be some bad apples , we should better not do it '' . 
  it 's even more ridiculous that politicians are pushing that stance with the whole `` they will be useful as a workforce '' . 
  no , not all will , and this should n't determine whether we take them in or not . 
  humanitarian responsibility applies even for people we do n't need , do n't like , or who are criminals . 
  if we applied the same idea to the native german population , at least half the country would need to be deported . 
  of course you find them good , because they mean that any states that are n't at the outmost border of the eu do n't have to give a flying fuck about refugees . 
  actually , our rape laws are aweful . 
  a recent push to establish stricter rape laws , which would comply to international standards , got kinda lost between the wave of news on the refugee crisis . 
  according to current law , rape still has to be either be violent or happen under a clear threat of violence . 
  the attempt for reform was suspended though and it 's currently not clear what will happen to it . 
  so apart from `` that 's what the rules are '' , can you make any logical argument for why refugees should all be confined to those `` safe countries '' and why those `` safe countries '' should take the entire burden ? 
   lesser evil or greater evil . 
  but there is no lesser evil , that 's the fucking point . 
  who am i to decide that abortion is more important than humanitarian aid for refugees . 
  if i make a decision there , the next day , the question will be , abortion or gay rights . 
  who am i to make that decision ? 
  there are not people who are `` just '' anti-one-thing . 
  there are no people saying `` i totally oppose everything but this particular issue , so i vote for the party '' . 
  the same people we have to cater to on the refugee question today we will have to cater to on the abortion question tomorrow . 
  the answer to hate and bigotry is n't to give in more and more hoping that those people finally got enough one day . 
  the answer is to eradicate those attitudes through education and to fight them through the law where it is not possible . 
   so ignore people opinion then and rule by one man/party without voting ? 
  no , but modern democracy truly has to be for `` the people '' . 
  not for `` the populace '' . 
  not for `` the majority '' . 
  for the people . 
  for everyone . 
  that 's why we have human rights , international treaties and supranational organizations protecting and enforcing them . 
  an added , yet negligible risk . 
  say you 're smoking but want everyone else to not smoke besides you because passive smoking is dangerous . 
  would that be reasonable ? 
   i know it did not happen yet but even the fact that i have to fear it now is to much . 
  but you always had to fear it , that 's the point . 
  apart from that , you 're more likely to get hurt or killed by a native german outside of a terroristic context anyway - the whole `` oh no , the dangers of islamic terrorism '' - phobia are the equivalent of taking the car because you heard about some horrible plane crash . 
   you are basically saying : it does not matter that isis terrorist are here because we already have nazis that do bad shit . 
  i 'm saying that it is ridiculous to pretend that islamic terrorism is a major danger for our country , that our fear of it should dictate how we handle refugees as a whole , while conveniently ignoring that there are already terrorists in this country and that we can handle them without advocating deporting the entire population because `` some might be terrorists '' . 
  but that 's the problem with `` crazy '' : we use it as a label for everything we consider irrational but thereby also declare it to `` just '' be crazy . 
  we essentially devalue the influence of ideology and declare that every wrongdoing is the result of mental illness . 
  yes , the bundeswehr bought thousands of those , but then they noticed they were for left hands . 
  but the service weapon is supposed to be the right hand , so all the gloves had to be retrofitted for a few billion euros . 
   if they think immigration is more important to them than gay right then they will vote for that party that will give it to them . 
  yes , which means that they do n't actually give a flying fuck about gay rights . 
  meaning that they will always , always vote for the far right party , no matter how far to the right the former `` moderates '' move . 
  again , if your solution to `` how to not let the far righters have everything they want '' is `` give the far righters everything they want '' , then this is n't a solution at all . 
   and no democracy is rule of majority not dictatorship . 
  if majority wants immigrants out then no one can force them to not do it unless you want actual home war . 
  yes , and that 's the idea that brought us hitler . 
  he was democratically elected .
