  but i find that a small price to pay compared to more generations wasted in a despotic country because we just shake our heads and pretend it 's the only way . 
  look up the conference of guadeloupe . 
  western leaders decided to withdraw their backing for the shah and start talks with chomeini . 
  as said , they did n't even bother looking into what the dude actually wanted . 
  you 're right that the revolution was popular and the shah unpopular and - up to that point - supported by the west . 
  but ultimately , through the west 's inaction , it enabled chomeini to purge the rest of the revolutionaries and instate the islamic republic we know today . 
   because putting them in prisons is a good idea ? 
  yes . 
  because first , it does n't make them a martyr . 
  and second , a good prison system works to reform it 's inmates . 
  not lock them away and get radicalized even more . 
   and it only took the utter destruction of your armies , your cities , the partition of your country and the threat of communism to make you take up the other way . 
  see , you admit it works . 
  and with middle eastern and north african failed states it might be much easier if we just bothered . 
  but the west would rather create more terrorists by dropping bombs then finally getting some boots on the ground and actually do something . 
   and how do you expect a government to uphold human rights against people willing to blow themselves up , to fight to the death , to bring it down ? 
  you 're right , we need the death penalty for suicide bombers . 
  hopefully that will discourage them . 
   how do you expect that government to survive the cries of hypocrisy as , on the one hand , it 's unelected , yet on the other , preaches democracy ? 
  when those cries become louder , that is a good sign that it is working . 
   a democracy that it would take the egyptian fundamentalists decades to learn to appreciate ? 
  i do n't know how many times i need to mention this : we . 
  did . 
  that . 
  exact . 
  same . 
  thing . 
  with . 
  the . 
  and yes , that is how it was . 
  the germans were n't brave democrats merely oppressed by a evil leader . 
  they . 
  believed . 
  that . 
  shit . 
  the true democrats were dead or exiled . 
  people had to re-learn democracy and they did . 
  why do we constantly insist that oh yes , that totally worked , but it could never , ever possibly work for islamists ? 
  yeah , no . 
  it will lead to advocacy for better education , enabling critical reflection . 
  islamism is a system that was set up through education , it can be torn down through it . 
  no need to bring in some crazy dictator . 
  okay , you know , i give up . 
  evidently i do live in some country where the far left dominates every aspect of life . 
  i 'd like to get that behind me now . 
  what am i supposed to do and believe now ? 
  what am i supposed to advocate ? 
  what political beliefs am i supposed to hold ? 
  a provisory non-elected government upholding human rights and promoting democracy and secularism while starting a campaign of de-radicalization ; eventually transitioning into a democracy . 
  it effectively tolerated from the point onward where the shah looked like he might lose . 
  that is indirect backing at the very least , as i believe they could have easily stopped him . 
  he was in western exile , after all . 
  i agree with most of your analysis in your post ( you 're messing up the timeline of germany in the 20th century a bit but that 's not really important ) , but when you look at my posts here you 'll see that i always said that i believe that before democracy can come to fruition in the middle east and northern africa , there will need to be a process of de-radicalization . 
  i always considered that as given . 
  the other thing is that we 're completely departing from the original point , which was that sissi , himself an abuser of human rights , tells us that he just has to do that because there 's the islamists . 
  the islamists , the monster under the bad , the knife-wielding maniac in the bush . 
  that alone rings alarm bells . 
  i do not believe that the man has any true interest in curbing islamist power . 
  because without that threat , he has no justification for his own power anymore . 
  but the other part is the `` lesser evil '' narrative he implicitly tells us and that so many people in this thread happily eat up . 
  he 's the lesser evil !, 
  it 's not that he does what he has to do , it 's that the only alternative would be worse !, 
  but you know , i find it utterly idiotic to believe that the man just has to do whatever he wants to do with the sole justification being `` the islamists '' . 
  there can be no non-massacrey way to disperse that protest - the islamists !, 
  we just had to lock those dissidents up - the islamists !, 
  we just had to abduct and rape those women at a protest - the islamists !, 
  there is no alternative to any of that - because of the islamists !, 
  yeah , i do n't buy that . 
  and most of the time you keep telling yourself that there are truly only two options to justify taking a shitty one . 
  why do people constantly assume that i have n't ? 
  i got one years ago , i 've read it . 
  it somehow has n't made me a huge bigot , what a surprise . 
   and why are you prioritizing labeling critics of this ideology , incapable of democratic reform for the foreseeable future , `` racist '' ? 
  not all critics , but the racist ones . 
  i thought this should have come through in this thread by now . 
  i believe that the only way politics can work is from a point of attempted moral superiority . 
  you see , i 'm wary of racist because i fear the dangers of allying with them . 
  i know that i oppose islamists . 
  that is a stance i do not see myself or anyone else really compromising on . 
  so the real danger is to compromise on another reactionary ideology for the sake of fighting the first one . 
  to say `` you know , that dude is a huge racist , but at least he opposes islamists too '' . 
  i mean , i do not consider myself a complete idiot . 
  i will not pretend that many of the things suggested by anti-immigration advocates or rabid islam `` critics '' who would like to see the the whole religion banned and exterminated would do `` nothing '' . 
  that would be naive , downright dangerously stupid . 
  they would do something , and they would probably provide a `` solution '' that others find satisfactory , but it does n't provide a solution i consider satisfactory . 
  i will quite simply not do this `` the lesser evil '' bullshit . 
  i will not accept the certainty of living in a nationalist-conservative society simply to avoid the possibility of living in an islamist one . 
  so that 's why i consider it important to point out bigotry and reactionary thought even when there is a clear dangers posed by islamism that needs to be discussed at the same time . 
  because do not want a solution at any cost , i want a solution that is actually satisfactory . 
   but their society is not ready for a democracy and you believe a dictatorship with no interest in democracy will somehow teach them democracy or what ? 
  not every society is ready for democracy , correct . 
  when looking at recent european polls and elections , a large swath of europeans does n't seem to be . 
  but every , and i mean every , society is ready to be taught about democracy . 
  i 've said it multiple times in this thread . 
  the allies did it with the nazis . 
  why do we keep insisting that it does n't work for islamists ? 
  why do we insist that no , we have to install and maintain despotic dictatorships . 
  this is eastern germany versus western germany all over again . 
  one side is trusted to become a democracy and they manage to do it . 
  the other side did not trust its people .
