  do you thus find it justified that the soviets did the same when pushing back into germany ? 
  then it would be nice if the university actually asked the students , instead of dismissing the whole thing with a big `` no , the statue will stay , no discussion '' . 
  you know , i got the cartoons criticized before for being tasteless and offensive , but for this one , i really have no idea what they aimed for . 
  so at the very least we can say that it the satire is done really badly when people have such a hard time making something of it . 
   it is quite a reasonable action when endured an attack that killed some of your cartonist that you can become rascist no . 
  it 's great to see the same thing that happens with any major event . 
  everyone cries : `` this changes everything ! '', 
  and then they just say the thing they have always been saying . 
  but you know my position about the brexit . 
  just let them do it already , let them see how it goes . 
  if it turns out nicely , good for the brits . 
  if it does not , well , sort it out with the politicians who told you that it totally would and used it as a constant threat to the rest of the union . 
  do n't even bother , nobody on this sub will listen anymore . 
  it 's the old phenomenon where people will just keep repeating and repeating and repeating the same stuff until everyone believes it to be true . 
  they will tell you that only after merkel gave the infamous statement she did n't even actually give all the refugees started coming here . 
  time is just an illusion . 
  they will tell you that all we need to do now is to enforce eu law , meaning deporting everyone back to the first safe country they entered . 
  because , you know , this will totally work . 
  we ca n't take the whole world , but i guess greece totally can . 
  or deport them even further , it 's illegal i guess , so make new laws , declare syria a safe country , throw them into the mediterranean , just make them go away . 
  we do n't care where they live or die as long as it is n't our frontyard . 
  people are so eager to save europe by any means possible that they 're not leaving anything worth saving . 
  yes but , lets say a town has a statue of napoleon in it . 
  the citizens , knowing that historic perspective , do n't want the statue there . 
  why exactly does it have to stay then ? 
  so then if you see the point of a critical look at history , why do think they should n't remove the statue ? 
  if the students do n't want it there , and seeing the history i find it understandable , why leave it there ? 
  in what bizarro world do you live where a critical view at history is somehow not a thing ? 
  how are people `` erasing him from history '' by simply removing a monument . 
  it 's not like he 's to be purged from history books . 
  after the end of ww2 , the allies removed swastikas from public buildings in german . 
  after the fall of the soviet union , people removed statues of lenin and stalin . 
  i do n't see anyone claiming that we have thereby erased the third reich and communism from history . 
  `` if you do n't like it go away . '', 
  oh yes , that is a very novel argument . 
  and so very democratic . 
  quite telling for the whole story , actually . 
  it depends , seeing that right-wing populists such as national conservatives are n't necessarily classical liberals . 
  being populists , they often attempt to push a welfare state and/or protectionism . 
  of course those are only ever granted to `` our '' people . 
  it 's called welfare chauvinism . 
  that 's probably the best connection to the non-populist right wing , because middle class conservatives do the same thing with the constant concern that people on welfare might somehow get more money then they `` deserve '' or even more money then they themselves , tying back into classical liberalism . 
  this is classic right wing populism . 
  at the very best , this law will be mostly symbolic , and at worst , will rob refugees of their belongings for no fucking reason at all . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  europe is descending into madness over this crisis . 
  oh wow , i never thought of that . 
  it 's almost as if individuals are more complicated then one might have thought . 
   if things go on as they have been , it might become a necessity very soon . 
  how ? 
  i mean , saying it 's a necessity somehow presumes that it can provide a solution through positive effects . 
  but how would closing the borders accomplish that ? 
  it wo n't stop crimes getting committed . 
  it wo n't change those refugees minds . 
  it wo n't answer the question what to do with them . 
  what exactly would it accomplish ? 
   how would you solve this problem ? 
  the solution can only come through a major change in government . 
  merkels policy are idiotic exactly because they stand in the middle . 
  she lets in refugees , but refuses to give them the proper support afterwards . 
  she tries to balance pro and anti refugee voters by opening the doors and then acting all though . 
  but by doing so , she effectively confines refugees to a life without opportunities for integration , education or work - because that makes it easier to deport them , and keeps them away from the people so very concerned about '' \u00dcberfremdung '' . 
  cdu also insists on setting up a `` code of conduct '' , defining `` our values '' - but who would ever want cdu/csu to define `` our '' values ? 
  no , as said , the solution presumes a major change in government , it presumes a leftist coalition : one that is committed to it 's pro refugee stance on all levels , that lets people in , that cares for them , that provides them opportunities . 
  and only such a coalition would also be able to truly define `` our values '' , and it will have to , to teach them to refugees who do n't share them just like to german citizens who do n't . 
  we need to ask ourselves : how can people become truly free ? 
  the answer is , through giving them opportunities . 
  opportunities here means more then the naive libertarian idea that you just need to have the right to do things and then you can accomplish anything . 
  it means actually being able to take the option without being hindered by financial concerns - thus demanding a huge system of welfare - or ideological ones . 
  that means that we need to completely rethink how we approach education in general . 
  people love to complain about `` leftist indoctrination '' . 
  i say , it is exactly what we need . 
  for example , i 'm a huge critic of the rights we grant to parents . 
  we create a situation where parents can not only directly indoctrinate their kids at home , but actively keep them away from situations they do n't like - sex education , swimming lessons , etc. 
  parents can actively endanger their kids through , say , anti-vaccination beliefs . 
  people say parents always know what 's best for their kids , i say they do n't . 
  that means it has to become significantly easier to take kids away from their parents for protection . 
  you know , as an example of what i mean , lets take religion . 
  i 'm not rabidly anti-theist . 
  i do n't think religion is inherently evil , i do n't think some sort of state enforced atheism solves anything . 
  people can be religious , and i want people to form their own interpretations of religion . 
  i 'm fine with adults wearing symbols of religion , yes , even the headscarf , even teachers . 
  but i would ban it for minors . 
  they can be educated in their parents religion , but i think they ca n't really make the decision on whether to fully participate in it at that age . 
  i do n't think the state should keep out of religion . 
  french laicism in my eyes , for example , is taking the separation to far . 
  the state ceases any sort of control over religions . 
  religion may be private , but the private should still be political . 
  i think that for example , any sort of `` preachers '' for whatever religion should need a qualification through studying a common curriculum at a state-run university . 
  and certain parents also have no sense of responsibility for society as a whole . 
  why do we have schools and districts with immigrant majorities , in a country where immigrants are still a minority at the national level , why do we have the same for poor people ? 
  because rich middle class citizens have the option to take their kids elsewhere - whether by putting them into private schools or by moving away or by driving their kids to another school . 
  those kind of `` problems schools/districts '' are the direct responsibility of upper classes trying to get away from those they deem lower class . 
  that lower class will see it 's problems perpetuate itself specifically because they are confined in that role of those who are separated . 
  we need to enforce diversity , we need to force people to mix . 
  we need to rethink our curricula . 
  right now , everything about our education system seems go towards the goal of economic usability . 
  we need to refocus , we need to start teaching the values i mentioned above , teach critical thinking . 
  what is the first thing everyone will keep hearing in the setting of higher education ? 
  `` we do not want to teach you everything you need to know , we want to teach you the tools to get there . '',
