  then they came for the college tuition and i said nothing ; for this was actually sort of reasonable and college tuition is n't people . 
  now they have come for my meat , yet there is no one to speak up for it . 
  except me , because i 'm not the meat . 
  and you know , lots of other people too , who are n't meat either . 
  or rich . 
  or college tuitions , who are , as i said , not people anyway . 
  so they 'll probably not ban meat , i guess , because we 'd all be fucking pissed and no one actually plans to ban meat . 
  like , come on . 
  anyway , thanks corbyn !, 
  i seriously do n't know why people constantly assume that `` lets look at the actual context and history '' is code for `` actually it 's fine '' . 
  nobody is trying to excuse anything . 
  oh no the librul bias, 
   i 'm going off of wikipedia here , so do correct when necessary , but since railways were the primary lifelines of industrial and military transport , the intent of building the roads does n't seem to have been part of the future war effort , either . 
  there 's some disagreement about that . 
  what people generally agree on that the autobahn had major propagandistic relevance , leading for example to the myth that it somehow remedied the economic crisis of the time ; despite not actually applying any great amount of people and having minuscule influence on the economy in general . 
  critics of the theory that the autobahn was part of the war effort generally point at supposed structural insufficiencies that would have limited it 's usefulness , although many of those have been questioned . 
  we also know for sure , due to documents from the nazis , that the wehrmacht was involved at any step of the planning , that military decisions directly influenced both how and in which order they were built . 
  for the railway-argument , the documents also prove that the autobahn was never meant to substitute the railway , but offer an alternative . 
  there 's always the obvious point that through the connection between industry and military , even without direct military use , there 's contribution to the war effort . 
  so essentially , the question is n't whether the autobahn was planned with its military use in mind - we know that it was - but how effectively it eventually contributed , where opinions vary . 
  for example , it was involved in mass mobilization but obviously got increasingly useless the farther the front moved away from german core lands ; and even at the beginning of the war , the use might have been largely for propaganda . 
  edit , sorry , forgot the rest of the post :  i am at a loss about what to think : were the autobahns a mistake or not , if they were conceived by the weimar republic , but built during hitler 's time ? 
  were the germans of that time right in building them , or should we condemn them for it because of what happened later ? 
  they were wrong but of course one could ask the question how aware they were of the use in a future war . 
  and obviously , the fact that the original plan and intention were wrong does n't mean that we need to tear down the resulting product - it 's just that , as i said , we can disconnect it from its original intention now , but we ca n't retroactively deny it 's original intent . 
   it 's an absurd notion to me : that 's the whole problem with far-right extremism ; it 's not dangerous because it ca n't ever be right - it 's precisely dangerous because some elements of its ideology , in separation , may appear to be acceptable !, 
  i agree with the basic point , but not the conclusion you come to . 
  we should recognize that even seemingly reasonable points are bad exactly because they 're connected to the larger ideology . 
  the exact same point applies to criticism of islam , for example . 
  leftists criticize it , right wingers criticize it . 
  yet the right wingers are espousing a reactionary ideology itself , so even though they might do the exact same thing , we have to criticize it for that connection . 
   3 ) female genital mutilation is a muslims tradition , even though it does n't appear in the koran , it only takes place in muslim dominated cultures . 
  not always muslims , but most of them are muslim . 
  in a country like egypt more than 90 % of adult women have been mutilated . 
  that is an important point though . 
  it 's the whole fucking problem with how the supposedly enlightened europe reacts to islam . 
  we only ever talk about `` the muslims '' , `` the middle east '' and `` the fundamentalists '' ( if we do n't just broadly assume that every muslim is a fundamentalist ) . 
  people completely ignore that there are vast cultural differences between different muslim countries . 
  for example , egypt actually has one the highest rate of fgm , besides somalia and guinea , yet it is practically unheard of in countries who we generally consider `` fundamentalist '' , like saudi arabia or iran . 
  this is because fgm originated in sub-saharan africa and only later become associated with islam , similarly to how many practices associated with christianity today came from pagan religions and were adopted by missionaries to make conversion easier . 
  the first step to stopping hurtful cultural practices is recognizing and understanding them . 
  by constantly throwing everything we oppose into some big pot labeled `` the muslims '' , we 're not helping the cause ; we just produce more fodder for bigotry . 
  well first , the whole `` but hitler built the autobahn '' thing is somewhat of a myth , because it was n't originally his idea , the plans were already laid out during the weimar republic , they just could n't afford it back then . 
  at the same time , it perfectly illustrates the point i was talking about . 
  you ca n't disconnect the intent from the result . 
  the fact that we can now use the autobahn peacefully does n't change that hitler mostly built it for its use during war . 
  the nazis did n't have `` a valid point '' because everything they did , no matter the result , was linked to their ideology , and therefore , everything else they did . 
  the nazis did a lot of things that we will also see in more progressive democratic societies , but they did all those things for the entirely wrong reasons . 
  we ca n't pretend that hitlers autobahn can be disconnected from auschwitz . 
  there is no right life in the wrong one . 
  i 'm not a racist . 
  some of my best friends are muslims . 
  i have a huge respect and tolerance for muslims . 
  as long as they stay outside the fence . 
  i mean , they 're rabid animals . 
  rabid animals that i respect . 
  but rabid animals nonetheless . 
   watch at least the first few minutes of this documentary , regarding 2nd generation , german born immigrants , and tell me i 'm wrong : how about statistics instead of anecdotes . 
  https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/de/presse-startpunkt/presse/pressemitteilungen/pressemitteilung/pid/muslime-in-deutschland-mit-staat-und-gesellschaft-eng-verbunden/  it is , however , undeniable that the immigrant population reproduces at a far greater rate than native europeans , and , statistically , become a majority , or , at the very least , a very sizeable minority in europe at some point in the future . 
  [ how about some statistics again . 
  ] ( http://www.snopes.com/politics/religion/demographics.asp ), 
   you dont need to have multiple religions in a society to be religiously tolerant . 
  please read that sentence again and notice how fucking stupid it is . 
  teachers sometimes have students who are idiots ? 
  truly , i will have to reconsider my entire worldview . 
   [ neo-nazis  probably the most sane thing i 've seen come out of germany all year . 
   is it impossible for nazis ever to have a valid point ? 
  look , / r/europe . 
  this is what we have come to . 
  this is the quality discussion that we get . 
  that is what we get for not curating content but letting every goddamn moron speak his mind . 
  is it impossible for the nazis to ever have a valid point ? 
  yes , it is . 
  please tell me you 're not seriously asking that question . 
   but surely nationalists and conservatives do not take the money for the cheap energy from the banks , multinational companies in the form of extra taxes introduced solely for this purpose ? 
  and he even took the people 's pension savings for that reason ... not a very conservative thing to do , if you ask me . 
  relative . 
  as i read it , the special tax was mostly symbolic and not actually effective . 
  i think that financing stuff like this through what is effectively robbery , especially when taking into account that he also took away pension savings , has more to do with the general oligarchic , putin-like corruption meant only for personal enrichment , than with genuine communism . 
   and he still did n't speak about restoring borders according to the article you linked . 
  yeah , i mean , that would be really stupid . 
  straight out threatening annexation , even putin know he would n't get away with that , which is why he had to fake a referendum and then declared the invasion force to just offer protection for the poor russians on the crimea . 
  i also , again , think that orban , being an opportunist like putin , has no actual interest in reuniting hungary . 
  yet it ca n't be denied that with his rhetoric and politics he 's effectively catering the people who want him to do that . 
   well orb\u00e1n was malevolent to the migrants all the time , that is true . 
  however the fact that they did n't want to registrate as the law requires left us no choice but to close the borders , to enforce registration . 
  the crossing points are still open , and if you are willing to register you can still get through . 
  multiple independent observers have confirmed mistreatment and various shortcomings in the hungarian asylum system . 
  i can only say it again and again , it 's not surprising that people do n't want to stay in those countries . 
  that 's actually why i 'm very skeptical of mandatory refugee quotas because yes , refugees should be distributed across europe instead of following the stupid dublin rules , but we ca n't force the refugees into countries where they would be mistreated . 
   blindly tolerating the inherent intelorance of islamic teachings ( against women 's and homossexual rights and against other religions and minorities ) will , in the end , lead to a more closed society , specially as their numbers grow and they become closer to reaching a majority and dictating the rules in your country . 
  i really do n't see why people always treat this as a zero sum game where all the refugees are hardcore islamic fundamentalists and would never possibly be able to change their attitudes . 
  so the only two options are , lock them all out or let europe get destroyed . 
  also , as i said multiple times before , all the people fearing the destruction of europe seem to have very , very low trust in their countries stability . 
  the refugees are a minuscule amount of the population . 
  they 're not even citizens , so they ca n't vote . 
  yet people think that they will be able to build their new caliphate here in , i do n't even know , a few years , a few months , a few weeks ? 
  like , really , evidently muslims are magical superhumans . 
  and if they 're magical superhumans , well , i think we will just have to accept that they 'll destroy europe . 
  do you honestly think a few fences can keep away the super-muslim and his sidekick captain immigrant ?
