  your right to protest does n't mean that your protest is apolitical . 
  if a protest is lead by xenophobic asses , of course it will appear in a statistic about what the xenophobic asses are up to . 
  ah goddamnit , not that stupid `` oh no they 're all men they ca n't be refugees '' story again . 
  if you 're granted asylum eventually , you will have the right to bring your family here too . 
  meaning that families will send their men , often the young ones , to europe to apply for asylum , assuming that they are most likely to find work and make some money , and then eventually take the rest of the family with them . 
  as cynical as it sounds - for someone who is privileged enough to never be forced to flee - that is simply preferable to sending the whole family on an incredibly dangerous story from the beginning . 
   every day brings a new tale of atrocities committed in the name of the religion . 
  indeed . 
  you know what people are fleeing from ? 
  those very atrocities . 
   it goes on and on . 
  it 's not racist or islamophobic , it 's just a case of learning from experience . 
  the greatest danger in most western countries right now is still right wing extremism , not islamic terrorism . 
  should we expel the native population because it has a tendency for right-wing extremism ? 
   large scale islamic/african immigration to european nations with a judeo-christian history does not work religion should stay out of the state . 
  if judeo-christian influence keeps us from becoming an open , democratic society , it needs to be dismantled . 
  yes , it has a question mark , as you might have noticed . 
  `` since there never was a system better than capitalism , there can never be . '', 
  i hope you see the fault in that logic . 
  that is a very bold assertion , so i hope you can somehow support it . 
  okay . 
  so your solution is `` let it burn '' ? 
  whatabboutery again . 
  `` oh no , other systems have brought poverty as well !, 
  i guess poverty is just a natural , unchangable force !, 
  i will be happy with any system as long as there is a worse one ! '', 
  yes , it 's lost money if it 's used solely on paying interest while pushing the current programs , that 's correct . 
  it would not be lost money if it was spent on infrastructural reforms and a debt cut . 
  why ? 
  because you might then decide to not pay your taxes anymore ? 
  well sorry buddy , but that 's not how a state works . 
  what point are you even trying to make here ? 
   capitalism is thriving . 
  it has pulled a billion people out of poverty in the past two decades . 
  yes , especially the third world is thriving due to all that great capitalism . 
  the divide between rich and poor in the first world as well , i 'm telling you , it 's thriving hard !, 
   now , if the ez stopped using the taxpayers money to finance greece , that would be great . 
  states gain most of their income through taxes , what other money should they use ? 
  and why should they not use that taxpayers money since , well , you 've paid it , it 's not yours anymore . 
  defaulting on debt does n't have to go hand in hand with a grexit , i do n't know why people constantly pretend it does . 
  it is actually incredibly idiotic to propose this solution , because we already know that yes , while defaulting will be very expensive , grexit will be even more so . 
  if germany proclaims that it can handle a grexit , it has no reason not to chose the cheaper option . 
  as you might know , any private person can declare personal insolvency any day to effectively default on all their debt . 
  and yet , the system does somehow not collapse . 
  similarly , germany has gone bankrupt multiple times as well - and yet i do n't see anyone going `` oh no , we will never invest again '' . 
  in fact , investing in bankrupt businesses is hugely popular , albeit often enough for rather nefarious reasons . 
  the whole world of state debt is way above the heads of most people anyway - consider how the us has a huge amount of debt , absolutely no reasonable perspective to eliminate or even reduce it in the next years , and still gets great conditions for taking on new debt . 
  ( notice how the only downvoting in recent years was due to the republicans blocking the raising of the debt limit ; not due to the debt itself ) so the whole `` if you do n't pay your debts no one will invest anything '' does n't really hold much value in real life . 
   this is a cornerstone of democracy . 
  of course current governments have to account for things past governments did . 
  yes , of course they have to pay for the financial debt of the former government , that 's obvious . 
  you specifically talked about economic policies though . 
  some governments drove greeces economy into the ground . 
  now there 's a new government and people act as if it is responsible for those failures . 
  the sane and solitary solution would be to support that government in changing something , but instead germany has effectively killed greek democracy itself in a silly attempt to `` get its money back '' . 
  france can not cut all debt though , which is currently the most needed and discussed part . 
  germany would n't be able to do so either , but at least it would probably have the economic pushing power to make other countries give up their demands as well . 
  there are no safe investments . 
  this is actually one of the biggest reason why the very nature of state-supported capitalism broken . 
  in a truly free market , people would invest and face the consequences . 
  but people do n't want to face the consequences , so the state pushes laws creating safety for investors , thereby distorting the free market while insisting that it totally exists and is totally free . 
  essentially , the defenders of capitalism argue that something which does n't even exist in reality works super-well to solve any problem ; ignoring that their own ideological bias makes them believe that the idea of that thing is identical with it 's real world application ; when in reality , that idea could never be truly adapted to reality . 
  it 's the same idea driving the whole austerity-program in the first place . 
  the idea of retribution . 
  `` we want our money back ! '', 
  well sorry , but the money is gone . 
  you ca n't have investment without risk . 
  anyway , apart from the inherent problems of capitalism , we 're still left with the fact that , again , if greece is n't allowed to spend any money to modernize , they ca n't change anything to make their country a worthy place for investment . 
  it 's circular reasoning to demand that greece changes while refusing to let it do so . 
  capitalism is failing anyway , the whole crisis is a great example of that ( one of the most important lessons throughout all of this should be that what we might perceive as economic necessity , and that we therefore perceive capitalism itself as a rational choice , is just as much influenced by ideology as anything else . ), 
  the main problem with investment is not that greece is drastically restricted in what it is allowed to spend - although that is an obvious problem as well because it means that you ca n't push programs directly stimulating investment - but that germany is leaving open the possibility of a future grexit . 
  no one will ever invest into the country if they ca n't have the security that it will stay in the euro in the long term . 
  this is seriously one of the dumbest things i see brought up again and again in this discussion . 
  it 's nothing but a whiny call for retribution . 
  `` oh no , they have done wrong , they will have to pay for it ! '', 
  well sorry , but what is `` greece '' anyway ? 
  how is its current government responsible for the failures of the former ones ? 
  and why exactly are we pushing more of the medicine that has proven to be poison already ? 
  austerity has been pushed for years and it has only made the situation worse , not better . 
  with it 's new privatization fond , we have a tool that has effectively destroyed the economy of the former gdr already , over 25 years ago . 
  and the best defense of that is to say that `` greece has to pay for it 's failures '' ? 
  well sorry , but had germany ever paid for it 's failures , we would be a barren wasteland these days . 
   you say that like it 's a certainty but i disagree , i think the slow improvements to such fundamental practices as a functioning cadaster , financial and political accountability and return of trust in the greek government will eventually lead to a greece where investors can confidently and realistically invest their money . 
  yes , if that would happen and if germany would give greece the freedom it needs for actual modernization and reform . 
  but it does n't . 
  the most blatant and most hurtful example is how sch\u00e4uble is still threatening a later grexit . 
  how the hell is anyone supposed to invest into the country when it can be kicked out any day on germanys whim ? 
   i think what we 're seeing now is the eu forcing greece to be a modern , politically dependable nation because that the only way forward . 
  a modern , politically dependable nation needs investment . 
  modernization is n't for free . 
  austerity is n't a rational economic decision , it 's ideological . 
  state debt does n't work like private debt , but since conservative governments are catering to an audience that tries to understand politics in terms of their own limited scope , they 're pushing pointless austerity policies . 
  and those are not only hurting greece . 
  right now , sch\u00e4uble is so obsessed with his `` black zero '' ( meaning not taking on any more debt ) that he has cut major public spending while the infrastructure of germany is crumbling . 
   it 's not fair to call it german austerity - without germany greece would be spending even less , because greece would have defaulted by now . 
  it is a model mostly pushed by germany and one that would have been preventable by germany . 
  it was largely conceptualized by german politicians . 
  you 're essentially repeating the whole `` alternativlos '' narrative that the german cdu has been pushing for years and that more and more people seem to accept with open arms : it 's either this or that . 
  greece either has to default or accept a draconic , useless program of austerity . 
  a third way does n't exist , despite the fact that major partners like the iwf and france have explicitly demanded another program .
