   do n't the new loans have longer maturity and lower interest ? 
  yes , but that is entirely useless since the german austerity policies lead to less investment , leading to less economic growth , meaning that the debt still ca n't be repaid because there is still no money made . 
   you want the euro zone to forgive debts and offer stimulus package instead ? 
  yes , yes indeed . 
  this whole situation is getting incredible ridiculous . 
  everyone stupidly insists on `` getting their money back '' . 
  but the money is gone . 
  it wo n't come back in any forseeable time . 
  it 's especially stupid to insist on this `` getting the money back '' rhetoric while at the same time insisting that grexit would be handled just fine . 
  if grexit can be handled financially , then it 's also manageable to forgive greeces debts . 
   i personally just do n't understand how tsipras can talk about a `` strengthened negotiation position '' while his ship is sinking just like before the referendum . 
  well those damn leftists , always believing that other countries would respect their democratic choices !, 
  question : does `` non eu immigrants '' include refugees who have not yet been granted asylum ? 
  obviously it would be dishonest to now proclaim `` well then just pay the retiree more '' . 
  lower social security is caused by specific economic circumstances . 
  still , the point stands that when people bring up this `` x gets only y while migrants get more than y !, 
  '' , it 's never about the x. 
  rarely do people ask `` how to make it better for everyone '' instead of just saying `` those people should n't have it better than us '' . 
   no , the ridiculous part is people feeling entitled to ban her as i explicitly wrote . 
  and that 's criticism . 
  which you consider ridiculous . 
   and they did n't disagree with that , they banned it because of `` little time to address security concerns '' . 
  the primary source i found for that just cited `` concerns '' without security . 
  if they really did that , i do indeed find this criticizable , since it 's dishonest . 
  if they have concerns about hosting a talk that does not fit their academic values and standards , they should say that outright . 
   as i have said multiple times , my beef is with students who want to ban and disrupt discussions and debates because they do not like certain ideas . 
  ... and how exactly would you label that issue , if not `` free speech '' ? 
   how the hell did you come up with that ? 
  greer was criticized and then nothing happened . 
  you consider this `` ridiculous '' . 
   perfectly reasonable debate . 
  well , we 'll have to disagree on that , and so did the university . 
   stop putting words into my mouth . 
  i have nowhere said any of this . 
  neither the words `` freedom '' , `` speech '' , nor `` criticism '' can be found in any of my posts . 
  but keep arguing against a strawman if you think you are pulling some shit here . 
  we 're in a thread that literally has free speech in the title . 
  sorry for assuming that somehow , your post about whether people should be given a platform to speak could be connected to that in any way . 
   i was obviously misinformed about germaine greer , but still , there was the initiative to ban her which i think it is ridiculous . 
  this is precisely what i am talking about . 
  my problem is with the people who think they are entitled to ban people who they do not have to listen to . 
  so you 're suggesting freedom from criticism ? 
   for abortion debate , look into the shitshow of the banned christ church ( oxford college ) abortion debate . 
  that was not a reasonable debate about abortion , that was two men arguing about `` abortion culture '' , organized by a pro life society . 
   also , what you obviously do not understand is that literally nobody is forced to listen to any of this . 
  the only people who want to listen to an abortion debate or whatever germain greer or anybody else says are the people who attend the venue . 
  so again , freedom from criticism and also universities are not allowed to decide whom to give a platform to . 
  freedom of speech is evidently always the freedom of those you personally agree with . 
  please stop with the sargon of akkad videos already , i 'll promise to not engage with you anymore , i see it 's pointless . 
  germaine greer was not banned . 
  there was a petition , so a democratic initiative , and then she ended up speaking anyway - after reaffirming the views in question ( that trans women are n't women ) on tv . 
  if this is what you consider censorship , it seems to be pretty darn ineffective . 
  and for abortion debates , i 'd need some specific example . 
   you do n't have to defend any morons , but you are also not obligated to no-platform them . 
  but i can , universities can , students can . 
  your `` defense '' of free speech is telling people that they should n't no-platform people . 
  how is this a defense of free speech ? 
  free speech means that the government ca n't prosecute you for your shitty views , unless they 're shitty enough to be worthy of it . 
  it does n't mean that people have to give you a platform , it does n't mean people have to listen to your bullshit . 
  you know , i always found it hilarious how the fact that people in academia , and especially in the social sciences , tend to be left-leaning is `` sectarian political activism '' and `` indoctrination '' , but the fact that , for example , a biologist is not all that likely to be a creationist or a physicist a flat earth truther is just understood as common sense . 
  and that person happens to be a moron . 
  seriously , why should i defend someone like a creationist speaker or a similar conspiracy theorist to be given a platform at an university ? 
  the whole `` academic discourse '' thing presumes that there is actually something to be academically discussed . 
   that said , free speech has to be defended at all times . 
  but look at what i said above : why should i defend speech that is simply useless ? 
  why should i `` defend speech '' when the `` attack '' consists solely of criticism - an important aspect of academic discourse - that hurts someones feeling so much that they decide to step down from the speaking engagement ? 
  why should i `` defend free speech '' by taking a stance against democratic movements that do n't even have anything to do with speech , see the cecil rhodes statue drama ? 
   many discussions actually have become more `` right '' . 
  what do you think is the reason for that ? 
  a lack of education . 
  well , i 'll give you one for creativity . 
  ... because a university held a conference on white privilege ? 
  oh no social justice warios are hurting my feelings, 
   antifa , anti-white , anti-western , anti-european , globalist , or similar regressive seriously guys . 
  try to hide it just one goddamn time . 
  stalin stood at the train station holding a refugees welcome banner ? 
  i never saw that photo . 
  why ca n't you see that i 'm right here let me give you some links you 'll finally understand, 
  you know , i 'd really , really like to emphasize with the whole free speech issue . 
  it 's something that i genuinely want to care about it because it is indeed true that if there really is a misled sense of `` political correctness '' , then it stifles discourse . 
  the problem is , whenever i look into those kind of stories , it 's actually rarely such a legitimate concern . 
  most of the time it falls into one of three categories : a ) university chooses not to give a platform to utter moron b ) person steps flees at first hint of criticism or c ) students make a democratic proposal that someone does n't like . 
  again , i 'm not saying that there are n't legitimate concerns , i 'm saying that most of those cries of `` censorship '' fall into those categories . 
  and seeing how every single thread on reddit about `` political correctness at universities '' is immediately flooded with `` uh no librul arts genders studies ideology yadda yadda '' - comments , i actually feel like the biggest problem here is n't the `` politically correct '' universities . 
  dae stem good social science literally hitler, 
   why ca n't you have a middle option ? 
  well , good question ? 
  why does every anti-immigration party immediately become a platform for every conspiracy theorist , neo-nazi or similar reactionary in a hundred mile radius ? 
  maybe because it 's just an inherently shitty idea , you know ? 
  see , that 's what i mean . 
  you 're not a `` leftie '' . 
  you 're a nationalist in every sense of the word . 
  sure , it 's right : everyone claims to be on the right side of history . 
  merkels right-wing opponents obviously do so as well . 
  but you know , their ideology has thrown europe into two world wars . 
  excuse me if i find the other option to have better chances . 
  you 're not a `` fellow leftie '' , you 're just someone who says `` equality '' but when confronted with other people who might want it to , follows up with `` what , for everyone ? 
  but , like ... uh , look !, 
  capitalists !, 
  diversity !,
