  that whole `` teaching them a lesson by choosing the worse option '' - strategy is just horrible . 
   what a lot of people seem to miss , is that a lot of people did n't vote for trump , but against hillary . 
  i know . 
  that is an idiotic attitude . 
   electing clinton would have been an acceptance that it 's ok for the dnc to rig their primaries , to use their influence to promote an unsuitable candidate in the republican primaries and to treat the election like a coronation for someone who was there because it was ` her turn ' . 
  more than that , it 'd be an endorsement for that strategy , it 'd show that they could basically crown anyone they liked as president if they just made sure the challenger was shit enough . 
  so instead , trump won . 
  great signal . 
  seriously , that argument about the primaries is dishonest . 
  sanders himself recognized that clinton would have been better then trump . 
   ` wrong ' in this case is because the financial markets dislike something . 
  yeah sorry , no , whether climate change is real or not really is n't a question for the markets . 
   you can pick the most agreeable candidate tho . 
  and if the most agreeable candidate is trump , people will ask themselves what kind of person you are . 
  i would disagree , but besides , how would it even be relevant . 
  bans on certain items at protests are based on how dangerous they are versus their potential use for other things . 
  certain poles are allowed because you need them for carrying banners , others are not because they 're considered to be more of a weapon than just a necessary item to carry banners . 
  iphones are , well , primarily phones . 
  shields on the other hand are quite clearly arms and nothing else . 
   ... so can you give any concrete example of `` you ca n't freely say what you think '' ? 
  because whenever that argument is brought up in germany , it 's about people `` criticizing '' refugee policies with comments like `` should be put on a train straight to auschwitz '' . 
  i do n't know which post you mean , but this here was mine :  ... so can you give any concrete example of `` you ca n't freely say what you think '' ? 
  because whenever that argument is brought up in germany , it 's about people `` criticizing '' refugee policies with comments like `` should be put on a train straight to auschwitz '' . 
  the post before that was also clearly about `` not being able to say things '' which clearly implies some sort of persecution . 
  and that is , as said , limited to those cases . 
  to push people ? 
  by hitting people with the edge of it ? 
  that 's a damn long post for someone who does n't care at all . 
  i `` proved '' the statement by pointing out that the only known cases in germany where people were prosecuted for facebook posts and similar stuff where literal calls for murder and the like ? 
  would you mind explaining what exactly is so dangerous about that ? 
  and here i expected solidarity between the idiots . 
  ... so can you give any concrete example of `` you ca n't freely say what you think '' ? 
  because whenever that argument is brought up in germany , it 's about people `` criticizing '' refugee policies with comments like `` should be put on a train straight to auschwitz '' . 
  that is indeed a very swedish thing , i never saw it in germany . 
  i once saw a play by a swedish theater group that included a right wing protest and wondered why they carried shields too . 
  i think it should n't be allowed , shields can easily be abused as weapons too . 
  hell , we regulate what kind of poles you can use for your banners but shields should be considered okay ? 
  that is fucking bullshit . 
  `` would you feel comfortable if ... '' - `` no '', 
  whaaaaaat , i heard sweden and germany are literally failed states , has reddit lied to me ? 
   any self-respecting neoliberal would slap you in the face for this . 
  well , neoliberalism is a very broad term and used differently in different languages . 
  in german , it does commonly still refer to something closer to corporatism , a definition also used in the anglophone world in the 60s . 
  in english , it is evidently used more often for the revival of classical liberal ideas in the 90s these days . 
  of course , when looking at the critique of the concept , there 's also the idea that those two seemingly conflicting systems are n't really that different . 
  even the makers of that very video posted here did such satire : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jowwxa_m3m4 the other part of course being , no , comedy , whether publicly funded or not , has no obligation to treat those two sides perfectly equal . 
  in part due to the fact that they are simply not . 
   the right wing generally gravitates to free market capitalism and traditionalism no , only the republicans in the us do that . 
  and even there we see that they 're not really for the free market in the sense of classical liberalism , but closer to ordo/neo-liberalism ; which is why there is also libertarians . 
  somehow , despite this suicide through social engineering , i ( and everyone i know ) would still rather live here than in poland right now . 
  strange . 
   the eu is swamped with criminals , ideological zealots , and people with a chip on their shoulder , many of whom are functionally illiterate and as if that was n't bad enough , sometimes we get immigrants who are n't very nice either . 
  strange , is n't it , we are experts on genocide after all . 
  except it is n't `` every journalist '' . 
  one will find their fair share of journalists with an anti-immigrations stance . 
  so the question is : what proportion do you consider appropriate , and why ? 
  and how do we reach that proportion ? 
  oh wow , i 've been the international left all along ? 
  if i had just known that sooner . 
  everyone according to their own interests . 
  as the other response already mentioned , it is a problem in itself of whether every opinion truly needs that `` balance '' of a counter-opinion . 
  the other point is though that this is actually very relevant for this study , because this has been one of the criticisms raised against it . 
  for example , faz pointed out that they ran many anti-refugee opinion pieces , but from external authors . 
  the study ignored those , reasoning that external authors are not seen as representative of the particular publication they write in by its readers . 
  this obviously ignores the fact that the decision to even run such external commentary still has to come from the staff of that publication . 
  no , i think that journalists ca n't really be neutral , because no human being can . 
  they can of course try to do so , but a certain bias will always remain . 
  the question then is , is it good bias . 
   would you say there were no ordinary people alarmed by the influx define ordinary . 
  i think people can be ordinary , yet still idiots or righ wing ideologues . 
  so for me the point is , i have n't met any of those hypothetical people who were neither of those . 
   but that is not the job of the media . 
  their job is to inform without bias , and without any narrative . 
  ... where do you get that from ? 
  of course opinion pieces are part of a journalists job . 
  as said , the question of whether information and opinion are properly kept apart is one of quality , but it 's ridiculous to believe that journalists sole responsibility would be information . 
  something something immigration is genocide . 
   the electoral system of the us is outdated and not proportional , they 've got no proper healthcare and inequality is huge . 
  perfect conditions for populists . 
  ... trump ran on a platform of abolishing what little healthcare they had , so i doubt this interpretation . 
  i honestly wonder whether they guy is said that the refugee crisis did more to move political discourse to the right than he himself ever could . 
  yes , truly a miracle how the only parties who are against immigration also happen to be the authoritarian ones . 
  why ca n't the others just change ? 
   you know die linke , sdp , the greens ? 
  and only one of those , and the least left-wing one too , spd , is part of the government . 
  so again : which `` left wing establishment '' is funding thugs on behalf of their ideology ? 
   left wing establishment which left wing establishment ? 
  and ? 
  yes , everybody there gets 600 $ for protesting . 
  it is known . 
   why is far left-wing radicalism allowed ? 
  where do you get the impression that any of the things you see here are legal in germany ? 
  trump is globalist in all the wrong ways and anti-globalist in all the wrong ways too . 
   i 'm wondering what someone would have to do to actually be arrested and removed from the country . 
  you can [ read up ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/abschiebung_\\ ( recht \\ ) ) the legal requirements for deportation yourself , it 's too complicated to fully explain here . 
  ( also look up ` ausweisung ' , it 's linked ) in short though , they need to be convicted of a major crime ( formerly a minimum of three years of prison ; since 2016 , this is only one criterion to be weighed against their so called ` interests in staying ' ) to be eligible for ` ausweisung ' ( that being , removing their right to stay ) . 
  since the article does not mention any conviction and since violent assault does not necessarily carry a three year sentence , nor ` st\u00f6rung des rechtsfriedens durch androhung von straftaten ' , which the person making the video is accused of , nor does being the member of a criminal organization ; i assume that there is no valid legal basis for deportation . 
  ( which also brings us back to the fact that even if they qualify for ausweisung - the removal of the right to stay - they do not necessarily qualify for abschiebung - the actual deportation . ), 
  so all in all , with the information we have here , i consider the chance of deportation en masse rather low . 
  people can neither be arrested nor deported without a valid reason .
