   i mean they ca n't keep using `` globalist conspiracy ! '', 
  you really overestimate them there . 
  groenlinks does sound nice to me as an outsider . 
  is there any major inner-leftist criticism of them ? 
  like , are they pro-russia , insist on dropping out of nato , cultural relativists , still have some old communist apologists ( i assume not , due to there being sp ) , dogmatically pro-palestine or pro-israel , etc. 
   obviously , if there is a clear cut court decision that 's it but i have a feeling this is not about that . 
  well , it 's how it currently works : courts decide what is hate speech and what is not . 
  the problem is of course , without the courts decision , it is entirely unclear what is `` clearly illegal '' . 
  which would mean facebook would have to enforce their own code of conduct , which would need to be stricter than it is now . 
  so yeah , in a way , it 's a very vague proposal that is borderline impossible to put into practice . 
  on the other hand , the status quo just does n't work either . 
   should have put everyone unemployed into building accommodations for refugees ... without regard for whether they are qualified ? 
  seriously , this whole `` making the unemployed work '' - logic is just cheap populism , whether it 's applied to natives or immigrants . 
  it will also drive people into illegal employment . 
  again : it will not solve the refugee crisis . 
  turkey is n't erdogan , turkey is n't even akp . 
  sanctions , sure , but kicking them out would just be stupid . 
  a pro-erdogan hacker group ? 
  can you become any more boring ? 
  considering how much denmark likes bragging about free speech otherwise , i do find it a bit hypocritical . 
  not saying that the decision or general criticism of turkey is wrong , but that denmark may be the wrong country to make that point . 
  i do n't see how it is misleading . 
  it is about church membership . 
  church membership in denmark is still high and as you said , people do care about those traditions and rites . 
  it 's not about the severity of certain views , that could n't possibly be encompassed by a term as broad as `` christianity '' . 
  the current refugee crisis will not be solved through reducing welfare . 
  which is surprising because , as said , putin just latches onto that for power , erdogan likely does , also trump ( as does a fair share of the republican party in general ) , maybe even orban . 
   and republicans are n't saits , but they are better then democrats for sure tell me all the ways in which they are better . 
  the fdp is basically the democrats ( at least the establishment represented by clinton ) , the republicans are basically afd or even npd . 
  how would do you even get the idea to compare them with one another ? 
  i think brexit will be a temporary setback in the short term , but beneficial in the long term . 
  it wo n't work out for the brits , the loss for the eu is n't that big , and one of the major players always demanding concessions will be gone . 
  if the brits ever want to reenter - and i assume they will , given time - the eu will have a better leverage position then it had before . 
  centrism will win out one way or another . 
  every percent for afd will just make the grand coalition more likely . 
  the only interesting question is , will we get enough for a leftist coalition - i sure hope so . 
  ... was this them playing soft so far ? 
  and what exactly do they plan to pressure the eu with ? 
  seriously , this is the putinization of europe everyone is talking about . 
  big words with nothing behind them , just to appease some idiots who think poland has the power to do that . 
  the problem is that , unlike with putin , i sometimes feel like the polish government genuinely believes their whole culture war bullshit . 
   it 's basically the culmination of everything people dislike about the eu leadership keeping out refugees is literally impossible without the cooperation non eu countries . 
  if any of those idiots who think the solution is a new focus on nationalism tell you that they can somehow block the flow of refugees without such shady deals that make us dependent on other countries , they are lying . 
   that is why we should always listen to every concern . 
  well , we 've listened already , we still do it all the time , what now ? 
   in the latest polls , he has 23 seats from the 150 . 
  this sentence sounds wrong until you remember that pvv is literally a one-member party . 
   dear nyt , when you get this salt , please donate it to somewhere that needs it , like a homeless hospitality kitchen . 
  okay , first , why not just donate it in the first place if you care so much ; second , if you believe a homeless hospitality kitchen would be happy about receiving a literal ton of salt , that 's a clear sign you 've never been active in charity before . 
   hillary is a hard person to like . 
  honestly ? 
  i do find that questionable . 
  i mean sure , we think , clinton , she has many flaws . 
  but we also think , trump , what a total clusterfuck . 
  i do n't think the people who are able to overlook all those flaws in trump just refuse to do the same for clinton ( definitely one part of it though ) ; it 's also that they see entirely different flaws . 
  i do n't really think i would agree with a trump voter about what makes hillary unlikable . 
   remember that most of us are vocally opposed to the current state of affairs . 
  but the point is that a fair share of americans are right wingers . 
  sure , he lost the popular vote and all that , but it 's still a major problem . 
  it is in every country . 
  i do n't think it 's very productive to always deflect from that issue and celebrate every victory by a few percents for the more progressive side of society . 
   i guess they are not really hanging out on reddit , or at least will not publicly say so . 
  i 've seen a fair share of people with polish flairs on this sub who spread pis apologia . 
  could of course be foreign trolls and it 's likely not their primary voter demographic , but they 're definitely not entirely absent from reddit either . 
  and see , that 's the point . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  you 're the one who is complaining . 
  i 'm fine with people living off welfare . 
  then your whole idea has just gotten awfully complicated . 
  good luck proving that people are n't looking for jobs and deporting them . 
  you can highlight the `` claiming benefits simply because it is easier '' a thousand times over and i will still not know what you 're actually trying to say about the topic at hand . 
   additionally , saying you do n't mind death penalty for rapists is your own virtue signaling for cynic assholes indeed , that 's actually what i find most annoying here . 
  when we say , no , capital punishment is bad , yes , even for child rapists , we 're somehow virtue signaling . 
  when they go on their diatribes about how those child rapists deserve to die just to show how much they supposedly care about the victims and giving them justice , it 's somehow not . 
  i would n't even be here to argue against it if they had n't started it , because we have already abolished the death penalty ; one would assume that people already agree with that and that it does n't need to be pointed out any further . 
  so again , there are people unemployed for years . 
  i assume they are able to work . 
  so are people still in education . 
  you are also not answering the basic implied question here , how are we supposed to kick out legal citizens ? 
  oh , now that 's a somewhat controversial opinion , as i just said . 
  but what is that final resort ? 
  when should we kick people out ? 
  you say :  if you are not working yet able , simply because claiming benefits is easier , you are scum and do n't deserve to live in a developed country . 
  that is n't `` pretty clear '' , it 's a rather broad statement . 
  there are people unemployed for years . 
  there are people still in education , also often for much longer than intended . 
  should these be kicked out ? 
  or are you just trying to find a justification for kicking out foreigners ? 
  honest question : can , in your opinion , anyone have any moral convictions and voice them without it being `` virtue signaling '' ? 
  why not ? 
  they 're directly endangering other people in sweden . 
  how can you put those rapist above the rest of the swedish people ? 
  this kind of political correctness is what 's destroying europe . 
  i think it 's a perfectly reasonable requests . 
  there 's such a thing as a state that is too liberal , and not killing people when they commit crimes is definitely one aspect of such . 
   i 'm sure you feel the same about me . 
  oh , i do n't know yet . 
  i mean , everyone i 've had this argument with so far eventually resorted to rather dumb arguments , so yeah , and you 're not off to a great start either , but i 'm always open for surprises . 
  ah yes , finally a convincing and well-thought-out argument : if you do n't think so , you must a moron !, 
   no , but by not deporting foreign rapists etc.
