  nobody has made honor killings legal . 
  we 're constantly discussing or enforcing burqa bans ; and those are n't even inherently good . 
   we do n't stand up for our values in the west because it 's too hard or too sensitive to confront the issues . 
  it 's much easier to stand up against racism and ignore the enormous faults of victimized immigrants . 
  you can do both . 
  most people who are pro-refugee are doing both . 
  reminder : / r/europe 's opinion about orban [ just one year ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bsqdq ) . 
   nations and cultures can change , and people oppose change if they realize it 's for the worse !, 
  they also oppose change for completely stupid reasons , while pretending that their choices are perfectly rational . 
   please educate yourself on the issue . 
  i did . 
  islam is a religion . 
  islamism/fundamental islam/political islam is the ideology you 're talking about . 
   ... while at the same time we are encouraging the most disrespectful cultures to come and live with us and we let them change our societies and we dont stand up for our values when they collide ... ... mind citing any examples of that ? 
   for the second part - i 'm sure that none of the people sitting in the mud , all across the me and africa , have ever dreamed that it was even possible to jump through all of the physical and administrative hoops , and end up with a flat and a stipend in rich european country . 
  or you know , maybe they 've simply not been `` sitting in the mud '' so far . 
   i mean you 're probably aligned to a political opinion , right ? 
  yes , but a political opinion , a religion , all those are universal . 
  they can be changed , they can be mixed . 
  i 'm not denying that people are influenced by those ideas of nations and cultures , i 'm just saying that those ideas are n't monolithic , unchangeable entities . 
  also :  gather under the flag called ` islam ' . 
  which is more of a political movement than a religion . 
  no it 's not . 
  well , i just really do n't like the nationalist idea of `` germans '' . 
  i think it 's a tremendously idiotic concept . 
  how do i get more right for being born here ? 
  how can i say that this is `` my '' country ? 
  who are those `` germans '' ? 
  i just really do n't feel connected to them , and i honestly think that no one else should either . 
  we should n't care about borders . 
  i 've nothing against the administrative aspect of nations , but really , this whole `` i 'm german , you 're french , you 're russian '' , i just do n't see the point behind that . 
  i do n't think we should make where we 're born our identity . 
  for the second point , if all those people wanted and could , why have n't they tried already ? 
  like , sure , we see a surge , and that surge is not only due to the syrian civil war , but if everyone was able and willing , they could have already tried getting here for years . 
  the laws were n't any different . 
  i do n't see how it is `` my '' country . 
  apart from that , i find it very unrealistic that this would happen . 
  but the point is that the poster above has specifically said `` schools ca n't contribute towards any of those '' , so i find it reasonable to assume that they hold some sort of biologically essentialist view . 
  but the youtube channel of israelwiththewest is ? 
  the article on utrop is already a stub , but i do n't see any indication , neither there nor elsewhere , that they 'd purposefully misrepresent the statistics from police report , which is the second linked source . 
  it 's unbelievable that we have gone back to shooting down people in the streets in covert operations . 
  and people in this thread are actually defending it . 
  it 's fucking disgusting . 
   only cause that more immigrants will come . 
  so what ? 
  i think he just does the old racist favorite where he pretends that it is about multiple factors when in his mind , it all boils down to ethnicity . 
  in the same way that racists would argue that they 're only against `` black culture '' , while at the same time believing that this `` black culture '' is somehow biologically ingrained in blacks . 
  so essentially , for the argument above , the muslims have bad genes , leading to a bad mentality , which makes them bring up their children badly . 
  and school ca n't change anything about the latter two because they 're tainted from their bad genes . 
  i never said it `` made them look like angels '' . 
  it was n't supposed to . 
   but look at this one : 100 % of 41 assault rapes over a period of 3 years that happened in oslo were committed by non-norwegians . 
  [ still wrong . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_norway#sexual_crimes ), 
  you 're aware that `` people could just grow some balls '' is not a very compelling argument in lawmaking , right ? 
   it is better for hundred guilty people to go free than to one innocent to go to jail . 
  that is the guideline behind how we make laws , it 's not the absolute standard for whether they 're allowed to exist . 
  if we asked `` is it possible that any person might be falsely convicted of a crime under this law ? '', 
  every time , we would n't have any laws because it is possible to be falsely convicted of any crime . 
   legal system should be centered on the rights of the accused , the `` abusers '' in this case . 
  the legal system is centered on the rights of the victims . 
  it grants the accused the presumption of innocence . 
   well , it certainly is as bad , imho , if not worse . 
  then you might be sort of an asshole if you think that the mental anguish of not being able to threaten people is greater then the mental anguish of getting threatened . 
  it 's not even `` too many sources '' . 
  it 's always the exact same source , on which multiple publications base their articles . 
  and i find it dishonest to effectively repost this whenever another thread has died down . 
   online `` abuse '' is just a minor inconvenience when compared to rape . 
  oh , but rape is a very minor inconvenience compared to murder . 
  like , if you get murdered you 're dead for the rest of your life . 
  if you get raped it 's like , what , five minutes of inconvenience ? 
  really , stop this ridiculous comparison to actual violent crime . 
  just staying at home for the rest of your life and not interacting with any people almost always solves the problem . 
  do you want to restrict who you get to forcibly penetrate just because someone might feel raped ? 
  this would literally be hitler . 
   then you can maybe sue them for defamation . 
  `` maybe you can like sue them i do n't know lol '' = the system works perfectly , how can anyone say that it does n't ? 
   i feel my worth as a human being is degraded if someone else dares to dictate to me what i can and can not write online . 
  it puts me in a position of a subservient child that receives punishment from parents if he uses a bad word . 
  it makes me feel like a slave , not as a free person . 
  so feels above reals , huh ? 
  sarcasm aside , you could apply this argument to literally any other crime . 
  and again , we 're only looking at the well-being of the abuser here , not his potential victim . 
  you simply ca n't make laws without putting more value on one peoples interests above another . 
  either we give rights to the abusers to the abuse , therefore negatively affecting their victims ; or we give rights to the victims to be protected against this , therefore limiting the abusers freedom . 
  there is no middle path here . 
  and if someone genuinely wants to argue that we should not protect the victims here , then i want to hear a very convincing argument why the abusers right to abuse is more important here . 
  and no , i do n't consider `` i ca n't say whatever i want '' to be `` just as bad as online abuse '' . 
  that is , as i said , due to ongoing investigations and court proceedings . 
  eu citizens are registered , yes , but that does n't make solving crimes any easier . 
  there is n't a central database of peoples dna . 
  there is n't even a central database of biological data . 
  if the criminal has n't literally left their business card behind , there is no way to find them . 
   the solution to online abuse is not censorship , it is to educate potential victims about the dangers of the internet and empower them by teaching to utilize various blocking and filtering features . 
  that 's literally victim blaming . 
  you could just as well say `` the solution to rape is to teach women not to dress like sluts . '', 
  it also , as said above , does n't stop the abuse , it just hides it . 
  people do n't stop spreading your private information just because you block them . 
  i also seriously do n't understand what the value of the freedom to abuse is ; and why it is more valuable then the freedom from abuse . 
  `` freedom '' is some vague concept .
