   democratic governments are supposed to serve the people as certain people on this sub love to explain , democracy just means `` the majority of people considered capable decides '' . 
  because evidently our definition of democracy has not progressed since , i do n't know , some imaginary version of ancient greece . 
   not that i support it , but it does n't surprise me , and i see where this is coming from . 
  i do to , but that makes it even more deplorable behavior . 
  it 's either water coming from the ground and rising to the sky or the sun absorbing all heat , it 's horrible . 
  still better then uk weather to be honest though . 
   funny to see how an attack committed by a single muslim is always an isolated act from a unstable man by default is it though ? 
  ... how about , you know , just not giving a fuck about french identity . 
  just follow the law and learn the language . 
  i 'm kind of amazed that we hear the kind of shit we have had in germany for months just now from greece . 
  i 'm kind of not at all amazed that is is the exact same kind of shit , word by word . 
   you are indifferent towards the rising xenophobia led on by the irresponsible mismanagement of this migrant crisis ? 
  the sole cause of xenophobia is xenophobes . 
  do you seriously expect me to advocate giving in to their demands just to `` stop the rising xenophobia '' ? 
   just tell me how many migrants can europe support before it will implode ? 
  5 , 10 , 50 million ? 
  mind you we are only 500 million . 
  i would personally guess between 30 to 50 million , if all member states contributed to it . 
  but that 's just a vague estimate . 
   not to mention how it is incentivizing human smuggling across the globe which is why we need safe , legal , free ways of entry . 
  did she ? 
   she caused the stampede . 
  yes , we all remember the day when angela merkel personally destabilized the middle east . 
   that 's why these guys are trying to divert to the subject of homosexuality or it could be because that is an actual thing that happened and afd itself has become known for similar stories . 
  they even have the whole opposition to homosexuality thing written in their party programme . 
  also climate change denialism , anti-abortion , control of art and media , ... 
  but as you said , anti-immigration is what they 're known for . 
  which is why the other story in that article is about a kid exhibiting xenophobia against other kids . 
   i tried to find the original to see what this right-wing blogosphere is conveniently leaving out . 
  it 's linked in the article , and it 's the entire original , so at least they 're honest about that . 
  problem is obviously that , like we see in this thread , people just read the summary which leaves out stuff or even makes it up . 
  those are n't the `` authors '' of that piece . 
  the author is clearly listed at the back . 
  the person you 're talking about is one of the interviewees , and you disagree with her all you want . 
  i would suggest though that you should actually read the article before judging it because openly admitting that you did n't makes you look like a complete moron . 
   still pathologizing opinions they dislike . 
  if your opinion leads to people getting fired from their jobs for being homosexuals , it 's an opinion worth to be pathologized . 
  i 'm latching onto this comment since , well , it is on top . 
  the alleged quote is n't even in the article . 
  `` blonde '' does not appear in the entire article , only visually in the illustrations , neither does `` cheerful '' . 
  the full source for unobtrusive translates as `` and then there are those who see themselves as the link between civil society and the right wing scene . 
  they are very ** unobtrusive ** at first . 
  ` those parents are nice and committed . 
  they bond on a personal level and hold office in parents councils or similar institutions . ', 
  and then it starts . 
  they introduce their ideology casually [ ... ] ' it then presents a story of one such pair of parents convincing other parents to kick out a male employee for being homosexual as a real life example . 
  islamic terrorism has so far managed to ... well nothing really , to be quite honest . 
  poland , at the same time , is currently outlawing abortion altogether . 
  i think i 'll take my chances with the islamists . 
  you keep listing stuff and expect me to just take it as positive . 
  what do i care about national unity or `` preserving your own cuture and nation '' ? 
  why do you expect me to like homgenic societies ? 
  your only actual argument seems to be the idea that in germany , a woman ca n't leave the house without getting raped by a horde of immigrants . 
  yes , i 'm really jealous of not living the country in a great country like poland or hungary . 
  truly known as the beacon of progress in a world of religious lunacy . 
   political views get translated into law when the party with your views wins , welcome to life !, 
  the world was n't so happy when the germans freely voted for whom they wanted . 
   so when a conservative 's views become law , it 's pushing views onto others but when your views come into law then it 's unquestionably right ? 
  no , i do not believe that it is `` unquestionably right '' . 
  you do n't like abortions , nobody will force you to abort . 
  you do n't want to marry someone of the same sex , do n't marry someone of the same sex . 
  tell me , why should i consider you beliefs equal if they clearly do n't give me the same freedoms that i would give to you ? 
   `` if you do n't like rape , do n't rape people but do n't tell others what to do '' rape is exactly like abortion !, 
  indeed , why did i expect anything else from a pro-lifer . 
  i needed one cursory glance at this article to recognize that those drawings are meant to show the same two girls three times in different situations . 
  sure , we can discuss whether it was appropriate to give both of those hypothetical nazi girls blonde hair , but really , storm in the water glass here . 
  i recommend reading the actual article , it 's rather well written for this kind of magazine . 
   it seems you have a common problem that many people with similar views to you have , intolerant of views that you do n't agree with in the name of tolerance . 
  i 'm fine with the views . 
  i 'm not with trying to push them onto others . 
   i hate child murder so do n't have an abortion then . 
   however your comment now is outlining your hypocrisy , you think the policies you support are completely infallible no , i would just like to leave a world to my children that they wo n't blame me for . 
   which is one of the few governmental policies that i have been truly happy about in awhile why ? 
  do you hate people who are n't you that much ? 
  sure , it 's the social conservatism that has made bavaria so successful . 
   wanting to preserve your own culture , nation and preventing your citizens from getting raped i mean , it 's either that or nazi germany , but if i said the latter , you would have been even more angry . 
   bavaria is one of the richest , most successful parts of germany . 
  it is , but that does n't stop people from laughing about their politicians . 
  i 'm sure they did n't like it , but why should i care ? 
  bavaria is the political laughing stock of germany . 
  so no , i do n't think the problem is solely with me . 
  yeah sorry , but your religion does n't excuse you from doing your job . 
  if it interferes with it , choose another one . 
   the alternative being , putting them all in western countries where the majority of people are taking a very negative stance towards refugees . 
  indeed it is , and i really do n't care about those people with `` a very negative stance '' . 
   letting them wallow in asylum centers with nothing to do so provide thing to do . 
  do you think there are more opportunities in some half-assed camp in the middle of ~ ~ nowhere ~ ~ a goddamn warzone ? 
   but why do people think it is n't an option to relocate refugees temporarily so they have an incentive to rebuild syria that certainly is the plan , i do n't see why the `` temporary relocation '' ca n't happen to europe though . 
   did all the germans flee their country after being bombed to bits and raped by the soviet military ? 
  the germans started the fucking war !, 
  the jews did flee , yes , and they did n't give a flying fuck about `` staying close to rebuild the jewish community in germany '' . 
  and i sure do n't blame them . 
  let us talk about rebuilding syria when there is an actual opportunity to do that . 
   because at that point they are no longer persecuted or in war . 
  and i do n't give a fuck about that . 
  they are fleeing from war or persecution as long as there is war or persecution . 
  i do n't care where they flee too . 
   just like how people who are conservative do n't get what they want in a non conservative government . 
  it 's like that time when the us legalized gay marriage and then everybody had to marry one of the gays . 
   is the csu a non mainstream extremist party ?
