  it was explicitly called that . 
  you do n't get to `` disprove '' that by saying `` but it spread to other countries too , checkmate '' . 
  also , yes , stalinism was a specific ideology , no idea why you think it is n't . 
  also , could everyone please shut up with the godawful `` haha you said fascism , now you lose '' . 
  we 're talking about far-right movements and parties , and here specifically about the intersection between populism/workers interests and right wing politics . 
  if you believe that even mentioning fascism in that context is entirely inapropriate , you should seriously reconsider your bias . 
  the point whether every anti-immigration speech advocates violence is questionable . 
  although i have yet to hear one that does n't do so at least implicitly . 
  but i consider it pointless to look at those hypothetical situations when we have a real , clearly observable situation here . 
  the organizers of the protests in question are previously convicted neo-nazis . 
  the protesters openly voice their violent intents . 
  the speeches openly advocate violence . 
  gabriel was also the only candidate ( having multiple candidates for such a position is actually very rare in germany , which is why we even have a separate word for it `` kampfabstimmung '' ) , and to put it into perspective , gabriel got well over 90 % previously , and even schr\u00f6der got more in 2003 , after he had started what is considered the beginning of the current crisis of the spd . 
  have you actually bothered to look at the specific protest in question ? 
  it 's led by previously convicted npd members . 
  there 's shaved heads and nazi flags all over the place . 
  what more do you need ? 
  that 's the small headline and the one used for the url . 
  the big one is `` riots in leipzig : autonomous leftists fight police on the streets '' . 
   anti-immigration speech = anti-immigration violence in your mind . 
  uh , yes , yes indeed . 
  speeches demanding violence against refugees will lead to violence against refugees . 
  i would n't expect that to be a controversial idea . 
   trade unions , consideration for workers and other social groups with their interests . 
  so , uh , yes , that 's exactly what i mean . 
  those vague promises do not make one `` socialist '' . 
  fascism was a workers movement as well . 
   nationalism is a sister ideology of socialism wat . 
  there are systems that tried to combine nationalist and socialist policies . 
  stalins idea of `` socialism in one nation '' , in opposition to marx idea of internationalism comes to mind . 
  but you might notice how that introduction of nationalism led to a point where it is questioned by modern historians whether stalinism can even be considered a form of socialism at all . 
  so what defines them as conservative socialists as opposed to national conservatives , according to you ? 
   right nationalists are treated like lowerclass human beings . 
  uh no people do n't like me for being an asshole help i 'm being oppressed ( also fuck those damn minorities always claiming they 're oppressed . ), 
  i do n't know how many times i need to say this : no , the vague promise of `` the state will give you money '' is not the defining factor of socialism . 
  they voted for national conservatives . 
  i mean seriously , what did they expect ? 
  mussolini was a fascist . 
  fascism originated as a workers movement , if you have n't noticed yet . 
  europe ruined itself . 
   she could pass as soft leftist i guess . 
  you have a very fucked up imagination of the political spectrum . 
  by what possible measure would le pen pass as a leftist ? 
  because of a bit of welfare and protectionism ? 
  that is n't inherently leftist . 
  okay , so lets use the example of someone who has never heard that female body inspectors are n't a real agency . 
  i mean seriously , `` imagine where is someone who has no idea what police looks like '' . 
  that 's what you 're effectively saying right no . 
  and you 're asking me to argue with that when the entire argument defeats itself . 
  `` not at all , i just think [ that exact thing ] . '', 
  see , that 's sort of the point . 
  you 're so very deeply considered with all the evils muslim raping the poor blonde women , but when someone even dares mention rape culture you get pissed . 
  you 're a simple hypocrite . 
   germany 's extreme left stance is indicative of something , would n't you say ? 
  what do you with that ? 
   how can you be sure of this ? 
  okay , russels teacup here . 
  if you can show me the person who somehow feels personally responsible for the holocaust despite being born after it , please show them to me . 
  you know , i find this whole obsession with rape of the poor blonde women by the evil muslims to be incredibly telling . 
  i mean , i 'd obviously be concerned for my daughters if i ever have any , but not because of a few muslims , but because of all the potential rapists already here , because of rape culture in general and our insufficient laws concerning it especially . 
  you know , maybe that 's the damn point . 
  if people do n't know what the article actually says , they should probably not comment on what they assume it to mean . 
  would still be a violation for not registering the protest , as in this case as well ; and it could be argued that your logo is too close to the one of the red cross , prompting confusion with medical staff . 
   you deliberately lead people to believe you have official power . 
  you would do that by using an official police or army uniform , because that does actually carry the assumption of official authority . 
  not by using entirely fictional ones . 
  you know , when people resort to just crying `` your country will collapse !, 
  you 'll see !, 
  it will totally do ! '', 
  as an argument , you can be quite sure that it will very likely not collapse in the near future . 
   just like you should not tolerate racists who want to throw out all nazis because of the behaviour of some of them . 
  you are aware that all nazis are nazis , right ? 
  the most stupid part here is that the people in question ca n't actually be thrown out . 
  the man on trial is sven lau . 
  as the name might tell you , he 's a german convert . 
  you ca n't `` throw him out '' to anywhere . 
  to add : the shariah police qualifies as a political rally , which means it has to be registered beforehand . 
  the people in question failed to do so , so that part is still a misdemeanor . 
  the court decision , as said , has merely said that the vests do not qualify as uniform and thus , it 's not a violation of laws regarding uniforms . 
  yes , and both of those are bad things . 
  so essentially , there is a possible form of leftism that is good , but no possible form of the right . 
  / u/hp _ civ has made a quite good summary , althought i would interpret it differently . 
  for example , the `` agenda 2010 '' they talked about is responsible for many of the social problems that germany faces these days , and the stupid obsession with the `` black zero '' , so not taking on any more debt , is responsible for major cuts in everything from education to culture . 
  merkel has had much of her success in the recent years by balancing between flip flopping , simply doing nothing until people just give up ( `` aussitzen '' ) and sometimes very calculated policies . 
  i could say that merkels course at least going in the vague direction of a good thing - not letting greece go bankrupt , not , not giving in to the far right - could be because merkel actually has to gain more potential voters by slowly moving somewhat to the left then by going to the right . 
  but i grudingly have to admit that maybe she actually has such a thing as principles , which is a good thing , even if i may not necessarily agree with all of them . 
  but that 's sort of the point . 
  everyone acts like merkel is this angel of mercy , as if she has somehow betrayed all her conservative principles . 
  but she actually has n't , and that 's the problem . 
  she `` rescued '' greece but insists on the very austerity program that has proven ineffective , and she refuses any debt cuts . 
  she has let in refugee , but not only she refuses to make available the necessary funds to actually help them now that they 're here ; she 's already passed new draconic laws to limit refugees right ; making it harder to apply , restricting family reunion , and so on and so forth . 
  that 's why it can be so hugely annoying to see people both complaining about and praising merkel for what she has done , when she is already flip-flopping again , doing the exact opposite . 
  and that sort of causes the whole situation in german politics : right wingers are angry at merkel because they 're idiots , and left wingers are angry at her because she does n't fully commit to helping those refugees , thereby amplifying , even creating the crisis in the first place . 
   it does seem , though , from an outsider 's perspective , that many of your countrymen do feel guilty . 
  no , they do n't . 
  really , that 's my point from above . 
  the only people who say that they were somehow indoctrinated to feel guilty , and that others are as well , are the ones who have learnt the least from the holocaust . 
  it would be very strange if this `` collective guilt '' was real , but the only two types you will ever hear speaking about it are the ones saying `` no , i do n't feel personally responsible '' and the ones saying `` i do n't want to feel responsible any more ! '', 
  but never anyone saying `` i do feel responsible right now '' , would n't it . 
   but is n't this what you 're saying ?
