  a system of government marked by centralization of authority under a dictator , a capitalist economy subject to stringent governmental controls , violent suppression of the opposition , ** and typically a policy of belligerent nationalism and racism . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
   anything anti ( any ) - immigration remotely nationalist well yes , that 's how anti-fascism works . 
  so do n't take a trip there . 
  simple . 
  no , they are not . 
  but when people speak about the importance of our values , they should at least be convinced that they are somehow universal , should n't they . 
   in saudi-arabia is not a question of what you want to do . 
  so do n't go and do n't demand that if saudi arabia does it , we should behave just as shitty . 
   yes and i did . 
  then you lack convictions . 
  would you , as a woman , wear a headscarf when in another country that demands it ? 
   hebdo is in line with france 's secularist values , whereas the burkini is the opposite . 
  how so ? 
  perhaps even more importantly for the discussion , jews do it too . 
  i consider it incredible that people barely seem to consider that with judaism , you have very liberal interpretations , but also very orthodox ones that can easily be as backwards on issues such as gender inequality as conservative islam . 
  and that 's fine , we accept judaism as perfectly compatible with our values . 
  yet when it comes to islam , people keep starting discussions how all muslims must be radicals because the radicals keep saying that all the ones who are n't radical are n't muslims . 
  oh , sorry , i thought you talked about a ban on face covering attire in general . 
  but yes , there are bans on it in certain situations . 
  schools are a bit hard to decide , which is why those discussions repeatedly come up , since they have normally just assumed the right to influence their students style of clothing anyway , without any actual bans by the government being in place . 
   ( which i 'm pretty sure would already be banned ) it 's not , how do you get that idea ? 
  it 's an evening school , generally used by adults . 
   not all teachers share that opinion . 
  two educators who spoke with dw said they would allow their students to wear a niqab in their classroom . 
   `` i believe that respect for different customs is important , and that 's what our school guidelines say as well : we have to teach children to be respectful of different cultures , '' a teacher in hamburg said . 
   `` i would allow it . 
  it makes participating in class harder but not impossible , '' robert , a teacher in lower saxony , told dw . 
  `` communication issues that arise from wearing the niqab would be the student 's problem , though . 
  if she got a lower participation grade because of that , i would n't give her bonus points to make up for it . '', 
  i would like to see more reasonable voices like those . 
  we 'll hardly solve the problem of conservative islamic attitudes by banning those people from receiving education . 
   `` we are experiencing the end of a spiritual-intellectual era . 
  the era of liberalism . 
  [ this ] provides the opportunity for the national-christian thinking to regain its dominance not only in hungary , but in the whole of europe . '' how can people keep defending this guy ? 
  no , do n't you see , people need to be aware of the dangers of bedouins on camels starting mass shootings . 
  this is exactly what islamist terrorism is all about !, 
  i probably worded it weirdly , the `` whether motivated by islamism or not etc. '', 
  was meant to refer to the other attacks - so even if we count the one probably not motivated by islamism , even if we count the death of the suicide bomber in his own attack , we still end up with less victims combined then munich alone , an attack likely committed by a right wing extremist . 
  if you think that arguments are about `` winning '' , then the initial problem might be with you . 
  i said that the most deadly attack was munich . 
  in munich , more people died than in all the other attacks - whether motivated by islamism or not , whether only the perpetrator himself died or not - combined . 
  if you consider that utterly irrelevant for the discussion , you 'll have to live with the accusation that you 're biased . 
   you are saying these people are not islamists ? 
  i said :  when the most deadly , actually the only deadly mass-killing in germany in recent days was n't even perpetrated by islamists ? 
  in w\u00fcrzburg , no one died . 
  in ansbach , only the suicide bomber itself died which is , well , quite obvious for a suicide bombing . 
  stuttgart ca n't be defined as a mass killing , and authorities have found no indication of islamist background . 
  so that leaves munich as the most deadly attack . 
  ... you just listed the exact attacks i was just talking about . 
   problem of massive growth of number of people that are in death cult of islamism in our states , dedicated to our destruction . 
  and that would somehow create a crime-free utopia ? 
  when the most deadly , actually the only deadly mass-killing in germany in recent days was n't even perpetrated by islamists ? 
  what exactly would it solve ? 
   i do n't think that it 's possible to swim with a burkini or am i wrong ? 
  unless you 're not literally unable to swim anyway , no , i see no reason why you should n't be able to swim with [ this ] ( http://ep00.epimg.net/elpais/imagenes/2016/03/23/estilo/1458745542_742927_1458748403_noticia_normal.jpg ) . 
  it 's an incredibly stupid idea . 
  so are stricter gun laws , obviously , because it does n't stop people from illegally buying them . 
  but the whole `` only a good guy with a gun '' idea is even worse . 
   mayor david lisnard signed off on the ruling that `` access to beaches and for swimming is banned to anyone who does not have ( bathing apparel ) which respects good customs and secularism '' , which is a founding principle of the french republic . 
  how exactly is a burkini disrespecting secularism ? 
   nothing in the definition of a dictatorship states that it must preserve itself by any means . 
  uh , no , otherwise it would n't be a dictatorship . 
   look at the prime minister of singapore and what he did for his country . 
  singapore is at rank 153 of 175 for press freedom and considered only `` partly free '' by the * freedom in the world * human rights index . 
  that is what you consider a `` benevolent '' dictatorship ? 
   rather than 10 % of eastern europeans that would like a dictatorship i said eastern germans . 
  i do n't know the stat for eastern europe . 
  and exactly what `` error '' is comparable to ignoring the existence of the concentration camps ? 
  taking vague news from our intelligence services - services known to regularly fuck up and exaggerate - with a grain of salt ? 
   the most important philosopher ever . 
  goddamnit dude , you would n't be able to read any important thinker from 60 years ago uncritically , at least not without looking like a fool , but you expect me to uncritically accept platos ideas because you personally named him `` the most important philosopher ever '' ? 
  the man argued for major censorship of art in the very same treatise where he praised his philosopher king , going as far as to define acceptable keys for music , for fucks sake . 
  i suggest you go read some karl popper for a modern critique of his idea on the state . 
  or look nor further then aristotele , i heard he was a fairly important dude too . 
   a dictatorship can be peaceful in theory while isis is evil in theory . 
  their ideology is evil . 
  what a very sophisticated philosophical argument . 
   you also assume a dictator must hold on to power forever , which in theory is not true . 
  no , i did n't talk about the need of a dictator to preserve their rule by any mean ; but of a dictatorship , the system behind it , to preserve it 's existence by any means . 
   it 's like in the ww2 where most germans like you did n't knew that concentration caps existed . 
  killing millions of people , giving refuge to millions of people . 
  i 'm telling you , it 's exactly the same . 
   entering your country by the thousands ? 
   mate , over one million migrants have entered germany . 
  so all of them are `` murderous , homophobic , misogynistic psychopaths '' !, 
  why do people keep calling me racist , i do n't understand ? 
   `` many messages relating to the execution of terror attacks are sent using encryption ; it is a central issue in the fight against terrorism , '' cazeneuve told reporters after a government meeting on security . 
  ** translation : ** we have no actual indication that any of the terrorist attacks committed recently had anything to do with messaging encryption , otherwise we 'd talk about it all fucking day to give any sort of substance to our vague bullshit . 
  uh , uh , let me predict the next step !, 
  it will basically be a giant `` no you are ! '', 
  and then a lot of apologetic mumbling from people about how any other party would have done exactly the same and everyone should be minding their own business . 
   plato , one of the greatest minds ever , argued that a philosopher king would be the best system of government . 
  oh no , a greek philosopher said it . 
  i 'm sure no one afterwards was able to make a case for the contrary . 
   please name me one thing that is inherently evil with dictatorships without referring to human nature . 
  that demand is in itself , pointless , since if you talk about a human form of government , why should n't we bring human nature into it . 
  if you do want a specific argument beyond that due , go with this one , a very simple one : the primary interest of any autocracy can never be the wellbeing of the people , but the preserval of power . 
  while a modern democracy might also argue for it 's preserval by force , it does so to preserve the benefits of democracy . 
  a dictatorship on the other hand will only preserve itself for the cause of the absolute rule itself .
