  one side failed and history does not look kindly on it , guess which one . 
  and hell , i could complain all day about the failures of the reunification , about all the shit western germany still did and how the spirit of the nazis kept lingering over german politics . 
  but even i have to admit that when even a conservative german government is considered a leftist bane by the rest of the world , we must have been doing something right . 
   you are doing nothing , absolutely nothing to protect jews in germany . 
  instead you are pulling in anti-semites in ever larger numbers and shielding the radical imams calling for murder . 
  you have just posted an article about an imam getting investigated for exactly that . 
  how do you consider that proof of `` shielding '' ? 
  and yes , if you leave any sort of population into the country , it tends to include unlikable elements . 
  rapists . 
  anti-semites . 
  radical preachers . 
  maybe terrorists . 
  if you can find me the population that somehow does n't include these , i would be very thankful . 
  dude , i specifically said `` at that time '' . 
  although i will have to admit that finnland specifically was n't christianized at that time , so i 'll give you that . 
  although you might also have to admit that gender politics in pagan societies were n't as easy as you try to make them . 
  that is what i would personally want . 
  i talked about the west pretending to do that while only pushing strategic interests , which is how it is right now . 
  you 're right . 
  if only i had read some more wikipedia articles , i would finally understand the necessity of despotic regimes . 
  dude , i did n't even talk about any of that . 
  i merely told you that you 're throwing a clearly biased source at me for no discernible reason . 
  we were n't even talking about al-andalus at any point before !, 
  the question of how to treat the muslim conquest of spain is complicated . 
  it was obviously a conquest , so it would be naive to say that people willingly gave up or that this was some sort of attempt to bring civilization to europe from arabia . 
  at the same time , the immediate followup of the reconquista and spanish inquisition show us that the christian plan , if one could call it that , was n't to free the poor people of spain from their evil oppressors either . 
  what is unedeniable is that somehow , al-andalus became a beacon of culture and science that majorly influenced spanish culture ; and that it was a relatively safe harbor for jews . 
  that this was all a very uneasy balance that often resulted in pogroms and persecution , and that the idea of a great peace during the time is therefore naive should also be self-evident . 
  if i wanted to sum it up , i 'd say that it was at least better in some way then what came before and after . 
  i would n't dare call it good in for modern times , but better at that particular time . 
  yes , and you know what ? 
  protesters being assholes still does n't justify shooting at them . 
  i know that many people have a hard time accepting the `` human rights apply to everyone '' part because they feel a very intense envy for fundamentalist societies where you can disregard that , but nevertheless . 
  and an ugly one at that . 
  you do not speak for `` any decent human being '' . 
  you 're a dangerous , finger pointing , dehumanizing demagogue who labels people who disagree with you racist on nothing but wishful thinking , because you have absolutely nothing to say if you ca n't go the rhetorical route of the race card . 
  yadda yadda , at least i 'm using only one buzzword . 
   you wo n't help or support jews , because anti-semitism does n't fit in your simple-minded moral framework `` i consider you a islamist apologist , therefore you must also hate jews . '', 
  now that 's some proof , i 'm telling you . 
  you know , my worldview really is simple , i 'll give you that . 
  i consider people who behave like assholes to be assholes , no matter what group they 're aligned with . 
  i judge people on their views and actions . 
  some groups have more of those assholes , others have less . 
  some groups define themselves only by their shared assholish behavior so yes , i do actually judge those by their group , one could say . 
  if you somehow do n't see germans standing up against anti-semitism , i ca n't really do anything for you . 
  maybe you should get new glasses . 
   i have spent an entire subthread explaining why engrained fundamentalist religious attitudes present a nearly insurmountable obstacle for democratic progress . 
  ... but the ideology that killed 6 million jews somehow does not . 
  so yes , i am accusing you of a bias that goes along very clear lines . 
   fortunately , people like you are quickly diminishing and your numbers are dwindling . 
  your reign is over , and you are losing your ideological control over germany . 
  you may succeed in tarnishing innocent people as `` racists '' for a while longer , but then you and your ilk will fade away into the bowels of history ... as utter fools with utterly misdirected moral outrage . 
  god , you 're delusional . 
  and well honestly , i do n't really care that much whether your behavior qualifies as specifically racist . 
  i believe so , others may not . 
  they can have that opinion , i wo n't judge . 
  what any decent human being can see though is that you 're a bigot . 
  that alone is bad enough . 
   what are you doing to combat the rampant anti-semitism from the muslims in your country ? 
  integration through education . 
  a country where police shoots random protesters may be considered less civilised . 
  big news , we really needed a dictator to tell us that . 
   i think it 's very symbolic of the sort of discourse going around europe , especially germany , that this discussion ends with you labeling me a racist . 
  you keep insisting that a certain kind of people who happen to majorly not be white europeans are somehow inherently incapable of human rights and democracy . 
  truly , how could one suspect racism . 
  what has pc culture come to . 
  you ca n't even dismiss large swaths of the world population as inherently less capable without being labeled a racist . 
  ... and he uses that point to justify his dictatorial actions , goddamnit . 
  oh look , it 's realcrusadeshistory , the channel that definitely does n't have any ideological bias . 
  dude , just say it already . 
  you believe those people are incapable of democracy because they do n't look like your or i. 
   no , just that the people who are capable of this and want this are simply far outnumbered by those who can not or do n't want to , and that the sociological reality on the ground would cause islamism to dominate in any sort of `` let the chips fall where they may '' situation . 
  that is why i said we need an occupation government and a process of de-radicalisation . 
   the german population had that capability . 
  there was n't another dormant maniacally violent anti-democratic force besides the nazis hiding among the populace . 
  er , yes , and there is n't another dormant anti-democratic force besides islamists , so i do n't really see what you 're trying to get at . 
  one anti-democratic ideology for each of them both . 
  why do you think it should be harder to get over islamism then over nazism ? 
  have we somehow read different statements of sissi ? 
  because the one i read said that his dictatorial actions are necessary because people are so uncivilized in egypt . 
   american government does n't actually care about `` spreading democracy '' . 
  i 've literally said that in the comment above . 
  i 've also said that they 'll likely back whoever guarantees success or stability , as long as it would n't mean losing public opinion - with secretly supported coups , that is obviously easier . 
  but if for example the us ever attempted to help the saudis against a democratic revolution , they 'd have to do that openly , and that would be a pr disaster . 
  so what exactly do you want to tell me ? 
   and im supposed to believe thats not indicative of a societal problem ? 
  ok no , but societal problems do n't justify dictatorships . 
  so you want to tell me that people from north africa and the middle east are just inherently incapable of democracy ? 
   looking back , would you not have preferred assad staying in power until a different solution had arrived ? 
  i would have preferred a controlled government overthrow assisted by the west and the installation of a occupation government until people are able to form their own , combined with a campaign for the removal of islamist elements , groups and individuals in power . 
  essentially what the allies did with germany after ww2 . 
  well , they 'll have to live with that . 
  the point was to give people the freedom of religion , the freedom to privately choose to follow a religion - as long as it complies with our laws - or not do so . 
  when a specific persons religious beliefs go against secularism , they 're not longer just private religious beliefs , they 're political goals . 
  okay , correction : they 'd help them or they 'd stay out . 
  but as said , they would not support the dictator because that means unimaginable public backlash . 
  i mean , in a certain way it was a good thing , if we pretend that it truly was about liberation - the actual execution was bad though . 
  strategic interests . 
  are you seriously buying the `` the west liberates the rest of the world '' bullshit ? 
  apart from that , there 's essentially two factors : reliability and public opinion .
