  hey , remember the invasion of poland when the nazis crossed the border to sign welfare forms ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
  just teach them the same stuff we teach everybody else . 
  force them into sex education , teach them about politics , teach them about tolerance and diversity . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  the major problem is identical to the one we also see with native conservative parents : the parents taking their kids out of school to keep them away from stuff they are not supposed to hear , see , experience , etc. 
  the german authorities have major problems with enforcing compulsory education . 
  -- if you want to go in depth , the problem is something different though : for all the talk about western values , people are still way too conservative themselves . 
  how the hell are we supposed to teach muslims tolerance for things we still look funny at ourselves ? 
  how are we supposed to teach them about sexual politics when lots of parents still oppose sex education , especially early sex education , even more so when it covers non-traditional relationships and dismantles gender roles ? 
  that 's what i meant with `` you 'll find those attitudes with any normal teenager '' . 
  how are muslim boys supposed to respect womens sexual choices when schoolyards across the republic are full of macho culture and slut-shaming ? 
  how are we supposed to teach anybody respect for non-traditional lifestyles and equality for men and women while we discuss `` gender-horror '' on public tv talkshows ? 
  the librul media is at it again, 
  again , the most secular muslims come from iran , one of the least secular countries in the world . 
  what previous point ? 
  my initial argument here was that it is hypocritical that people act horrified by the rapes , while at the same time taking them as a reason to demand that immigration should be stopped . 
  in other words , they 're implicitly showing that their concern is not actually for the rape victims , who they 'd just send back as well , as long as they get raped elsewhere . 
  yes , we should accept future criminals , because you do n't know before who might become a criminal ; and the human right to asylum applies to everyone . 
  if they commit a crime , they can be punished according to the laws we already have . 
  what we should especially not do is to refuse whole demographics entry into the country because `` some of them might be criminals '' . 
  women are most likely to be raped by close acquaintances , at home . 
  not by some stranger in the street . 
  naturally , that sort of rape is underreported though , even more so because it might not even be recognized by our currently sorely lacking rape laws . 
  also , great that you at least admit that you only care about the germans and their women . 
  the women actually raped in the asylum homes ? 
  who cares about those filthy whores , right . 
  i do n't know , maybe through this strange thing we call education ? 
  `` oh look , a teenager with dumb beliefs , i guess muslims as a whole are simply unwilling to integrate '' . 
  hell , take out the religious angle and half of his beliefs can be found in the average teenage boy and girl anyway . 
  people are acting as if traditional expectations about gender roles and sex were n't a thing outside islam . 
  at least the muslims are honest , the natives just get on the internet and complain about `` sluts '' in their circlejerking communities . 
  okay . 
  and you conclude that they do n't want to from ... ? 
  wrong again , the most secular muslims actually come from iran . 
  they 're even more progressive then christian immigrants from eu countries . 
  -- and i still do n't see how this says anything about the prospects of integrating muslims . 
  `` it will be hard '' is n't a reason not to do it . 
  we managed to somehow get whole generations of nazis and all their children to adapt to a democratic society . 
  well , sort of . 
  but anyway . 
  users here constantly claim that because the majority of the populace oppose immigration , we need to stop it ; that muslims deserve no protection as a minority . 
  when it is then pointed out that actually , the majority of people support it immigration and are kinda chill about islam , some dude asks `` wtf mob rule ? '', 
  brilliant , / r/europe . 
  just brilliant . 
  the transformation into a right-wing sub is finally complete . 
  the final step has been finished : becoming your own parody . 
  that 's the problem with `` can '' . 
  you 're still assuming that due to being muslims , it is somehow impossible to integrate them . 
  that maybe a certain percentage , due to being outliers , can be integrated , but for the others , it 's simply impossible . 
  that 's what 's racist about the statement . 
  so for everyone taking this as a sign that we should n't let in immigrants : essentially you 're saying that as long as they rape those women in their home country , it 's fine ? 
  no you do n't . 
  it is disgusting that the people talking about `` western values '' manage to spew such tremendous bullshit . 
  `` the second you take another persons human rights , you loose yours '' , oh come the fuck on . 
   because they are turks , from the most secular and westernized muslim country , they are something of an exception . 
  muslims from other muslim majority countries are much less likely to support gay marriage , and more importantly , they support harsh punishments for homosexuality . 
  then why do the statistics show that the muslims in germany are more liberal than the ones in turkey ? 
  evidently , we either get already secularized muslims , or the state manages to secularize them . 
  so if the question is `` is islam generally incompatible with secularization '' , the answer is still no . 
  also , turkey , secularized , good joke . 
   plenty of immigrants do n't want to be culturally integrated . 
  here are some `` idiots '' in the education system failing to integrate people who dare to have a cultural identity no matter where they live . 
  yes , and we as a society have learned to not judge people by vague `` plenty '' 's and `` generally '' 's . 
  show me that muslims are somehow inherently unable to be integrated into western society . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  them . 
  show me that your racism is truly justified . 
  surprise : those muslims did n't appear out of thin air . 
  so maybe stop trying to move the goalposts . 
  the question was , is islam compatible with western value , can muslims be secular . 
  the answer is yes . 
  whether muslims all around the world are already secularized does n't matter because you might notice that christians are not either . 
  hahahaha omg he 's posting to the dork enlightenment you ca n't make this shit up seriously , those dudes always manage to parody themselves . 
  now he just needs to start posting / pol / memes . 
  not to mention that at the end of the day , they 're still a minority who might not even be considered citizens , ergo have zero possibilities to actually push political islam , and even fewer possibilities to suddenly build a islamist dictatorship . 
  it 's really quite telling that all the people fearing an islamist takeover of europe seem to assume that the existing governments are so laughably weak that they can even be taken over in the first place . 
  okay . 
  i mean , according to statistics , [ muslims are actually about as likely or even more so to support gay marriage as the average german ] ( http://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/fileadmin/files/projekte/51_religionsmonitor/zusammenfassung_der_sonderauswertung.pdf ) , and i mean , obviously , [ the people currently blocking gay marriage are the conservatives already living here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/homo-ehe-cdu-nein-in-berlin-erspart-angela-merkel-neue-debatte-a-1045233.html ) , and , most importantly , it is somewhat dishonest to constantly equate `` islam '' and `` fundamentalists '' and `` foreigners '' as if secular muslims or native convertites or even muslims interpreting their faith individually do n't exist . 
  but no , of course , islam is just a monolithic religion only adopted by filthy foreigners who somehow still have major political influence in our country and are literally the only people blockading lgbtqi * rights . 
  lets not get bothered by pesky facts . 
  yeah , it 's really annoying how that major muslim party governing our country insists on not allowing gay marriage despite widespread support from the population . 
  that mentions foreign citizens though , meaning people who have n't norwegian citizenship . 
  is it possible to deport norwegian citizens ? 
  because that 's what i was surprised about . 
  where do you think that incompatibility lies ? 
  wait , do you mean it 's legal in norway to deport citizens ? 
  how ? 
  i have n't even voted on your comment , i 'm only downvoting very few comments here in general because i do n't want to distort the picture of / r/europe 's bigotry . 
  to answer your question , my flair is a reference to a hilarious comment i recently got on this sub . 
  look here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lfpzp/how_i_went_from_eu_federalist_to_eu_skeptic_in_3/cv652vk, 
   you ca n't compare twenty-first century christianity with islam that is still practiced today , in its eighth-century form sure , islam today is literally it 's eight century form . 
  the whole religion never went through any changes . 
  anything else ? 
  / r/europe , absolutely hating hate preachers and being all supportive of lgbtqi * rights ... except when it hurts the anti-islam circlejerk . 
  then you 're not talking about the same thing as me and i do n't even know why the hell we 're having this discussion . 
  look out , the straw is leaking . 
  for the last time , you are not `` giving in to extremism '' by deciding who gets to show your art .
