  it is also somewhat naive to praise the `` asking for forgiveness instead of permission '' and `` exploiting less restrictions of businesses '' approach , considering examples like uber . 
  it 's not like uber just faces the ire of a few disgruntled taxi drivers who fear the competition . 
  the problems with uber go from drivers insurances , to safety standards , to the companies liability for the drivers actions , to the controversial practice of surge pricing . 
  a thread calling out the persecution of `` gypsies '' instead of implicitly supporting it , and not downvoted into oblivion ? 
  color me surprised . 
  i though they meant that 50 % of the whole were attractive females , not that 50 % of the women portrayed were deemed attractive . 
  it was worded somewhat confusingly . 
  the nazis did n't want jews in the country . 
  or homosexuals . 
  or roma and sinti . 
  or `` asocials '' . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  that 's literally lifted from / pol / how much deeper can / r/europe sink ? 
  i seriously do n't know what you 're trying to get at . 
  of course it does , but not by the massive margin that people seem to imagine it would . 
  not to mention that even then , you end up with a massive camp depending on infrastructure not yet existing ; and even then , such a massive camp is a problem on it 's own . 
  decentralized accommodation is simply the better option , at least if you look past `` i do n't want the filthy people in my country '' . 
   the issue is that oktoberfest and such events that are a part of western culture are not at all compatible with the generally , very conservative views of muslims . 
   i would bet my life that if you were able to somehow poll all muslims about whether oktoberfest should be cancelled or not , the results would the frightening . 
  well , that poll has sadly not happened , but lets just try another one on question of `` western lifestyle '' . 
  it 's about muslims living in germany . 
  - 90 % of muslims have contact with non-muslims - 63 % of `` very religious '' muslims regularly question their own beliefs . 
  - 60 % of them support gay marriage . 
  the german average is 50 % . 
   there are people that will be avoiding oktoberfest becasue of the large amount of refugees now in the munich area 2 . 
  i 've seen several women on reddit say they will not go to oktoberfest this year for fear of sexual assault 3 . 
  others have said the issue will affect the way they are going to dress yes , that 's quite telling of those peoples bigotry . 
   germans have pointed out that the authorities will be making sure that there is no contact between refugees and visitors . 
  the germans have already said security will be very tight and migrants and partiers will be separated in the train station oktoberfest is always surrounded by crime and violence . 
  while - this being bavaria - the government genuinely believes that the poor party-goers need to be protected from refugees , on a practical level , the party goers might actually pose the greater danger . 
  for everyone in general , by the way , not just for the refugees . 
  ( seriously , many businesses like bars ban people wearing the faux-traditional clothing worn during oktoberfest from entering ; because they do n't want to get problems with drunk , loud and potentially violent visitors . ), 
   just to be clear , for me the fact that he is n't a refugee does n't make a difference at all . 
  so you evidently think that because he is a muslim - or at least pretends to be - this is a problem of muslims in general ? 
  there 's a petition for banning ponies from oktoberfest , made by germans . 
  evidently german culture simply is n't compatible with german culture . 
  ( edit : removed link due to auto-moderator removing links to change . 
  just go to the site yourself and search oktoberfest if you 're interested . 
  second edit : seriously , auto-moderator . 
  i ca n't even name the website because it 's name is also part of the url ? ), 
  antifa does n't protest in front of refugee homes though - except against the nazis already standing there . 
  when you look closely , you can also see a few symbols linked to the right-wing scene - the dude in the foreground with the tattoos is wearing a `` hooligan division '' shirt . 
  on the topic of why they all wear black , the look actually was associated with autonomous leftists first - which the antifa belongs to - but was later adapted by the new right in the form of [ autonomous nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonome_nationalisten ) . 
  they have adapted some of the tactics and much of the look of the autonomous leftists - even che guevera shirts and keffiyehs . 
  while the ideological overlaps have become known as the `` querfront '' phenomenon , the looks and organizational structures are wide-spread in the far right . 
  i mean , it 's kinda irrelevant , but where do you see all those women ? 
  i see two in the whole picture , and at least a dozen men clearly identifiable . 
   would allow to house , feed and educate tens in turkey and lebanon yes , by massively lowering those standards . 
  it 's ridiculous how people keep pretending that life is just so cheap down there that you can easily guarantee the same standard of living at a fraction of the price . 
  do you even know why libanon was able to take in 2 million refugees ? 
  because those big camps we know about are n't actually legal . 
  there is no government assistance , there are no camps run by the government . 
  the government of lebanon has just let the people in and ignores their technically illegal camps . 
  they life under disastrous conditions and have no fucking idea how to get through the winter because goes what , you need heating in the middle east as well . 
  that 's why it 's cheap . 
  because it 's shit . 
  ... can we please finally stop this stupid `` oh no , at least one random person has done so therefore your assertion that people are n't doing so is wrong '' bullshit ? 
  some dude always did something , no matter how ridiculous it might be . 
  but we 're talking about society , so we 're talking about major phenomenons . 
  so can we please stop playing dumb when someone says `` no one does '' to mean `` no meaningful amount of people does '' . 
  ( even apart from that , the argument is questionable because i see no indication that the muslim starting the petition - if he actually exists - is a refugee . ), 
  edit : you 're right about the math , my bad . 
  with 4 times that , you still only get 0,16 % - assuming everyone actually takes 3 family members with them ; and that the members taken in through family reunification are n't added to the demanded quota . 
  reminder : estonias total population is 1.3 million . 
  so those 530 refugees make up a shocking 0,04 % of the population . 
  you will probably be able to handle it . 
  cool , they look just like our [ concerned citizens ] ( http://image.stern.de/6414620/16x9-1200-675/2429922c51d9682e4486cdc44cf75b32/an/brauner-mob-freital-symbolbild.jpg ) . 
  thank your for entirely ignoring my post and just posting whatever came to your mind . 
  hey , remember when nobody fled from any other war in europe ? 
  yeah , me neither . 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  you can find online petitions for every stupid bullshit , so i do n't see the point . 
  if that 's the culture we 're supposed to defend , it can go die in a fucking fire . 
  dude , are you seriously just defending svarte piet . 
  that would be like me defending the happy merchant . 
  it 's literally a racist caricature . 
  attacking this is n't pc gone mad , it 's not immigrants taking away your culture , it 's people standing up and saying `` hey , would n't it be basic human decency not to do that ? '', 
  so on the one hand , those countries do n't want them , on the other hand they do n't let them pass either . 
  that 's sort of self-defeating . 
  it was a joke . 
  the point is that refugees are n't actually demanding that people stop celebrating oktoberfest or are getting offended by it . 
  there 's just a bunch of paranoid people who think that they will do that . 
  it 's the whole `` war on christmas '' all over again . 
  the difference is just that in bavaria , you can pull this bullshit while being a member of the governing party . 
  please mind that what `` i '' want and what `` germany '' , as in , a government i did n't even vote for , wants , are very different things . 
  my government wants a quota system to take away refugees under any circumstances possible . 
  my government is also a bunch of conservative idiots who want to make it very hard to apply for refuge in general , see the article on de maizi\u00e8re ` s proposal still circulating on this sub . 
  i personally think that a quota system would be a very good idea because europea should show solidarity in this crisis and because it would indeed take the burden from a few countries and share it across the whole union . 
  of course , such a quote system presumes that we can actually guarantee that the refugees get appropriate help across all countries and are n't treated well in a few and shitty in others . 
  a quota system also ca n't ignore refugees freedom of travel completely . 
  if they want to go to germany because they got relatives here , they should be able to go here and not be assigned to another country by quota . 
  so essentially , yes , we need a quota , but only if we can guarantee that all countries treat refugees well enough . 
  if people do n't want to stay in certain countries , there 's an evident problem in those countries that needs to be solved . 
  yes , but that 's the exact fucking problem . 
  those people ca n't do anything to help . 
  they are dependent on the help given to them . 
  the german government for example has been pushing laws banning refugees from work and from receiving language and integration courses ; because it 's easier to justify deporting them if they are n't integrated . 
  which is why much of the help given to refugees is and was largely organized by private individuals and charities . 
  when the refugees arrived in berlin , they were given food and drinks by private individuals because no state authority provided anything . 
  ( the authorities did eventually turn up - and closed the food distribution for not fulfilling health standards ; because german bureaucracy goes above all . ),
