  it 's great that we 're ever so slightly less racist than others , but that is n't anything to be proud of . 
  every amount of racism is too much . 
  as i said , it 's a better shithole than others . 
  yes , that 's definitely true , police is just much more less likely to shoot here , even when racism is involved . 
  as i said , my original statement was certainly partly sarcastic - sure , we wo n't have police randomly shooting up people like in the us - but i still stand by my second , non-sarcastic statement , that we might probably see an increase in police violence in general . 
  not really , no . 
  i mean , it is sarcasm in that i would of course prefer to see this not happening . 
  but it is a documented , sad fact that the german police is racist ; which makes it not that far fetched of an idea that we might have more police violence if they had more non-white targets for it . 
  see , this is what i mean . 
  i 'm aware that overall , germany is a very , very good place to live . 
  to be quite honest , i do n't even know a country i would consider a better place to live . 
  maybe one of the scandinavian ones , but i 'm not really sure of that . 
  but still , even while admitting that yes , compared to elsewhere it is really , really nice here , why is it considered so ungrateful , even heretical to want something , simply , you know ... better than that ? 
  i mean , if i lived 80 years ago , and i lived in , say , the us , i 'd also say `` you know , compared to the soviet union or nazi germany , this is fairly good . '', 
  but i would n't pretend that this is the best a state can ever get . 
  this whole `` if you do n't like it here just go away '' is just such a profoundly stupid attitude . 
  i do n't even know what the hell it 's supposed to say except `` i 'm butthurt '' . 
  well , we definitely have enough uniforms and camouflage gear , because the bundeswehr , when privatizing their clothing supply branch , signed a deal that obliged them to buy fixed amounts of equipment each year ; even when it became apparent that those amounts were way too much . 
  this became especially bad when mandatory conscription was abolished . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/d-132696492.html ) that shady company actually had to be bought back by the state recently because it somehow managed to go broke nonetheless . 
  german exactness ho !, 
  you know , on the one hand , i 'm almost proud when i see americans recognizing european or even specifically german policies , giving hope that the whole world might actually push into a more progressive direction if some countries serve as a role model , showing that no , not everything leads down a `` slippery slope '' . 
  on the other hand , germany is on average still a goddamn shithole , ruled by conservative assholes and inhabited by an ignorant , bigoted populace ; so it kinda defeats the purpose when those very people abuse the fact to claim that because we 're already so much better then everyone else , we do n't need to change a bit . 
  that could actually be correct . 
  i mean , it 's hardly news that german police is ridiculously racist as well , so i would n't be surprised if they started randomly shooting innocents for not being white . 
   now my fault roma culture is built around thievery and begging . 
  again , dude , i could insert any sort of prejudice here and the statement would be just as valid - because it 's just that . 
  it 's a statement of your - racist - beliefs . 
  you practically insist that because you 're really good at having this opinion , the opinion must be true . 
   please explain to me how are the gypsies oppressed ? 
  they have exactly the same rights other citizens in their countries do oh , laws . 
  well , that changes everything . 
  everybody knows that racism ca n't exist when people are equal by law . 
  stupid me . 
   failed in what ? 
  there have been quite a lot of conservative governments in europe , are you saying they all `` failed '' ? 
  yes . 
  any counterexamples ? 
  i 've spoken about this misuse of `` buzzword '' elsewhere :  no , racism has always been defined as `` attributing ( negative ) behavior to people based on their ( supposed ) ethnic background '' . 
  and that 's what you 're doing . 
   if gypsies are so hated and barely anyone defends them , then maybe , just maybe there really is something wrong with them . 
  ... are you even fucking aware that this could be said for almost any oppressed group in history . 
  seriously , this is the fucking thing i just do n't get about reactionaries , conservatives , right wingers . 
  at every single point in history , they failed . 
  they failed spectacularly . 
  and yet , again and again you seem to believe that this time , it will work out . 
  this time , your prejudice will be justified !, 
  it did n't work out for the jews , the gays , the blacks , the women , the french , but oh , i 'm telling you , this time it will !, 
  it totally will !, 
  this time , history will be on our side !, 
  it 's the gamblers fallacy , except you 're betting that the ball is due to land on black when every single field is red . 
  yes , of course . 
  i mean , seriously , what attitude would you need to do otherwise ? 
  `` oh , no i 'm really angry !, 
  that makes everything i say right ! '' ? 
  edit : i mean , every single eastern european redditor replying to me here has shown racist attitudes . 
  but i do n't go around `` oh , all those eastern europeans must be racists ! '', 
   but the fact that the the so-called aryan race could exist prior to borders being carved around them proves the point that it 's not defined by borders . 
  no , because race =| = nation . 
  nazi political theory said that races should have their own nations , correct . 
  that does n't mean that race and nation are identical . 
  they specifically said that the race needs a nation , needs land , needs borders to separate itself from others , see lebensraum im osten again . 
   yes , i 'm aware that athens had limited suffrage , but that 's completely irrelevant to aristotle 's theory of the origin of the state . 
  it 's not . 
  aristotle specifically spoke about the family - the family as a political entity presumes a lack of universal suffrage . 
   no , it 's traditional aristotelian communitarianism roughly adapted to modern contexts . 
  interesting how i 've managed to go from a nazi to an individualist so quickly . 
  communitarianism presumes a sense of community going beyond the family unit , while you specifically said that one family does n't have any obligation to help another . 
  i also do n't see what point you 're trying to make about the supposed contradiction between volkstum and individualism . 
  sure , they do immediately contradict because one emphasizes a community and another emphasizes radical independence . 
  yet we also know that in the real world , actual individuals will not merely mirror ideal model of an ideology and nothing else . 
  for example , look at extremist us movements . 
  sovereign citizens , fundamental christians , white supremacists , militias , they often have a huge ideological overlap . 
  similarly , your idea of the nation can have both elements of radical individualism on a family to family level , but at the same time , the communitarian idea of the family itself . 
   so you know everyone on this subreddit and everyone they 've met ? 
  `` here '' did n't refer to the subreddit , it refered to the statisc i brought up earlier about germans having a very low opinion of roma - and there , it can indeed be said that most germans will never meet roma in their lives . 
   `` racism '' has become a buzzword that means `` anything i do n't like that involves other ethnic groups '' , so i ca n't even comment on this . 
  no , racism has always been defined as `` attributing ( negative ) behavior to people based on their ( supposed ) ethnic background '' . 
  oh , i 'm used to it , we still have a few of the faberge eggs lying around in the attic , grandpa brought them back from stalingrad . 
  i break of a tiny piece everytime i need to pay the pizza guy . 
   you literally would 've been voting nazi in 1932 because they were the modern and populist party advocating for the masses . 
   and do n't try to pretend you 're somehow above the influence of the masses , all you 're doing is repeating the ideas that are currently fashionable in modern circles , and in lieu of an argument , saying it 's true because of what year it is . 
  dear populists : please decide what you want to say . 
  seriously , half the time the argument is `` this is totally what everyone thinks , it should be allowed to be said ! '', 
  the other time it 's `` society is brainwashed , only we know the truth '' . 
  the hipocrisy is especially evident with the whole `` oh no , i ca n't say controversial things in this pc culture '' narrative . 
  you 're saying controversial shit all the time and the masses applaud you for it , so evidently you can say those things just fine . 
  that is the true crux of populism . 
  it knows full well that it looks like shit when it simply pushes the will of the masses just because . 
  no , it needs a narrative of victimization . 
  oh no , all those minorities are censoring us !, 
  those minuscule amounts of immigrants are taking our jobs !, 
  all our opinions are despised , despite the fact that statistics say that most people agree with us !, 
  we 're the real oppressed ones !, 
  the current popular sentiment is anti-roma . 
  you 're not a brave warrior unvealing the denied truth , you 're just one of many common racists . 
  `` i fought the nazis , therefore i ca n't be racist myself . '', 
  not to mention that i did n't talk about your grandfather , but about your choice of words . 
  how about publicly available statistics , critical cross examination of sources , reading up on arguments and counter arguments , making a decision and only then , finally , adding a touch of personal experience . 
   and i 'm perfectly aware of the german language , do n't try to intimidate me by using words you think i wo n't understand .
