  the people blocking gay marriage are n't `` the muslims '' , it 's the christian conservatives , which you might recognize as the biggest party in our country - and which most of europe evidently sees as some communist boogeyman simply for being the least shitty to refugees . 
  so that should tell you how progressive all those other countries evidently are , if germany is too left-wing for them . 
  hell , you talked about the wage gap , which will prompt half of reddit to reply `` actually the wage gap is n't real '' . 
  if you even dare mention such a thing as feminism , a bunch of self-described totally-leftists will jump at you to complain . 
  and yet we keep insisting that it 's the fucking refugees that will destroy europe . 
   why is it that immigrant groups , isolated tribes , minority groups , etc. 
  all are given support and enthusiastic calls to maintain their culture and use it as a sense of identity but whenever the community in which they are living tries to do some of the same it is called out as racist ? 
  because they 're a minority , that 's why . 
  a majority culture hysterically crying that it will go extinct because of all the immigrants is simply racist ; while a minority culture faces an actual risk of doing so . 
  that article honestly does n't make that strong of a point . 
  it starts with herder to establish the idea idea of some kind of positive nationalism - but herder is considered the father of conservative cultural theory , and his theories effectively lead to cultural relativism , since herder thought that all cultures were equal and the ultimate goal was to form as many distinct cultures as possible , not an universal concept of ethics . 
  meaning that trying to combine that with zizek is already dumb , and trying to apply it to the current situation where people specifically want to protect `` their '' country from implicitly inferior refugees is even more so . 
  it 's no coincidence that herders theory were explicitly taken up by the nazis , so citing him in an article about `` not being fascist '' is somewhat ironic - although to give him the benefit of the doubt , herder obviously was n't some sort of proto-fascist , he just offered points that fascism could attach to . 
  so on to zizek , who puts forward some very good points here , but i feel like he 's arguing with a straw man , and even then , falls into the trap of what `` our '' culture is . 
  first , very few leftists will disagree with him that we should strive for ethical universalism ; he likely knows that . 
  second , when he argues for the right do defend `` our '' way of life , he 's essentially says `` our way of life already has principles of ethical universalism , so to defend ethical universalism , we need to defend our way of life '' . 
  but that is nonsense , because we 're already supposed to defend this principle of ethical universalism by itself . 
  ethical universalism is n't `` our '' way of life , because it 's specifically meant to be everybody 's way of life . 
  refugees : literally the inventors of crime . 
  here we go again with the all-time favorite `` our anti-ziganism is justified ! '', 
  you 're right , but that 's also somewhat of a problem in the whole discussion when it comes to student politics . 
  if a student council decides `` we do n't want this person to stage a speech here '' , that is often described as `` student council bans person '' . 
  even when it comes to , say , `` banning '' a song like blurred lines , it just means that people agree to not play the song at official events , not that you ca n't listen to it in private . 
   contrarian journalism necessarily is a premium in my mind - for a healthy debate about ideas to occur it is good to encounter contrarian and counter-cultural ideas . 
  that is actually the exact point he 's making - and it 's fucking stupid . 
  let me say that i more or less agree with op here . 
  this particular article is good because it pits him against another idiot , but it does n't make him any less of a moron himself . 
  lets look at his actual speech he linked to and dissect it : as i said , he 's essentially making the same argument you made , that no matter how outrageous an idea , it has to be heard because only opposition fuels progress . 
  let me say where i actually agree with him :  the pc paradox : in the very act of seeking to save minority groups from offence , it dehumanises those groups , lumping them all together as an indistinguishable mass ; and it infantilises them , treating them as sorry creatures in need of protection from harm by the more enlightened , the more switched-on . 
  i find that to be somewhat correct . 
  we should n't justify the banning of the expression of certain views because they 're offensive . 
  we should n't pretend that we can keep those opinions away from people completely , because we evidently ca n't , and we should n't , because you need to know your enemies opinions to see why they 're wrong . 
  that 's the point : we should n't ban those opinions for fear of offending anyone , but because they 're worthless . 
  banning `` offensive '' material should n't be about the illusory idea of protecting people from that hate ; but about not giving a platform to that hate . 
  we should n't ban marine le pen from speaking because muslims could get offended by it but because we just do n't want to give her a platform to spew her bullshit . 
  this , of course , conflicts heavily with o'neill 's naive idea that this kind of contrary thought is needed for progress . 
   it depicts all `` white men '' -- yes , they use that sweeping generalisation -- as self-entitled rapists-in-waiting . 
  somewhat off-topic : it 's great how he mixes in this `` uh no the misandry '' while hoping that people will not notice that one of his examples is n't like the others ...  this is what censorship is always about : calling into question the capacity of adults to see and hear everything and to judge for themselves what are good ideas and what are bad ideas . 
  the `` this is always what censorship is about '' part here is problematic , because his statement itself sets up another scenario where censorship would be a reasonable choice : the bad ideas . 
  first , it is , as he said , obviously stupid to assume that no one possesses the rationality to discern those . 
  but it is just as stupid to assume that everyone possesses that rationality . 
  o'neill follows the naive idea of liberal democracy that the good ideas will always win . 
  so whatever wins must be a good idea . 
  but it is naive to assume that humans are inherently rational and will always find the right thing to do . 
  if that was the case , how can there even be believers in bad ideas in the first place ? 
  we need to ban certain forms of speech because it 's simply a sad reality that some idiot might fall for it . 
  second , what i also see shining through here is the attitude that many `` free speech '' advocates show , which is the whole `` if you 're right , you can always engage those offensive opinions after all '' . 
  yes , we could , but actually , why should we ? 
  why do we need to address every idea again and again and again ? 
  why do we need to invite some conspiracy theorists and explain to him why his ideas are bullshit - which he will not accept anyway - instead of simply saying `` sorry , but we already know you 're idiot , we do n't need to give you a platform '' ? 
   this prejudice drives all forms of censorship , whether it 's being enforced by the state or the church or student unions . 
  i also dislike this sort of reasoning . 
  the `` all bans are equally bad '' is again , a very simplistic view . 
  if a state bans something , it will generally be very hard for you to do/obtain it . 
  if a campus bans something , you 'll just have to go outside the campus . 
  if a private website bans something , you can still post it on another website . 
  i agree that we should be very cautious about what major institutions like states ban , and with which justification - although i do n't think that the state should guarantee general and absolute free speech either . 
  but comparing that to smaller , non-state actors does n't work . 
  even if you have a right to speak your mind , people do n't have the obligation to listen to you , or even give you a platform to do so . 
  o'neill now gets to the part about how offense drives progress , and it 's a tremendous false equivalence :  the reason it 's good to give offence is because every technological and social leap forward in history began with offence , with blasphemy , with some brave soul ridiculing the beliefs of the puffed-up . 
  you see , the point here is , those were actually radical , new ideas . 
  he cites the example of galileo offended against the idea that the earth was the center of the universe and was punished by the catholic church for it ( which is n't entirely historically accurate , but lets roll with it ) . 
  but the people we 're discussing to ban from campuses these days are n't that . 
  they 're the ones who keep on insisting that the earth totally is the center of the universe !, 
  this part illustrates it quite well :  if you prevent people from blaspheming against religious or social orthodoxies , against islam or environmentalism or feminism , then you hamper the potential discovery of new great truths . 
  ( again , what an incredibly subtle attack on feminism , btw . ), 
  apart from islam , those `` social orthodoxies '' here have been very radical ideas by themselves just recently - hell , islam was a radical idea when it was founded . 
  we have only slowly seen them getting accepted and even now , there is still heavy opposition against them . 
  where o'neill is wrong is that he evidently assumes that if those ideas have become accepted in certain circles , we suddenly need to turn the tables on them and that now , the radical new and correct idea will come from the other side . 
  but if say , we finally see a majority accepting the opinion that gay people are human too , it does n't mean that suddenly , we need to give everyone a platform who keeps on claiming that they 're affronts to god ; they do n't suddenly start becoming the radical progressives of tomorrow because their opinion now goes against the mainstream . 
  o'neill whole argument here is the inevitable consequence of the `` marketplace of ideas '' . 
  the marketplace assumes that every idea is potentially correct , that they therefore constantly need to compete and that humanity is inherently rational and will fish out the correct ideas . 
  but the point is , some ideas are reactionary . 
  some ideas have been shown to not work , would lead society backwards , are flat out wrong . 
  o'neill is arguing that we still need to listen to all those ideas and always approach them completely neutrally ; either simply because , or because he genuinely believes that they might still potentially be correct . 
  and that 's the problem with this kind of libertarianism . 
  it always protects the status quo and even the call for `` old times '' . 
  it can never take any idea and say `` okay , we do n't need to discuss this any further '' . 
  which is why most of our political discussions still boil down to `` should we have x '' instead of `` how should we do x '' . 
   the mode of analysis that post-modernism and critical theory tell me more about those things you totally know about . 
  they do n't . 
  for example , [ here ] ( https://linksunten.indymedia.org/de/node/151170 ) and [ here ] ( http://antifahs.blogsport.de/texte/linke-theorie/gegen-christliches-abendlandund-islamismus/ ) are some fairly interesting articles on the issue by the german antifa , which is generally considered far left . 
  what they essentially say is that we have to fight all sorts of reactionary ideologies ; and that therefore the answer to the reactionary ideology of islamism can not be another reactionary ideology of nationalism . 
  the problem is that most people here on reddit will repeatedly spout that islamism does n't exist and islam is just bad by itself , so whenever someone defends islam in general , they 're automatically accused of supporting islamist extremists . 
  i 'm not saying that the stuff in the original article above has n't happened , and i can not tell you where those people got the idea to cheer for an idiot like bukhari , but it is not a very widespread attitude in the left or even the far left . 
  the discussion seems to be representative of how we have discussions these days . 
  ashgar bukhari is a fucking moron , but when you read the speech by the author of this article , you notice that he is too . 
  but you trust people to decide what can be done and what ca n't , as in , literally make any other law ? 
   assad did n't invade other countries and there 's nothing at the scale of the holocaust going on in syria . 
  that 's the exact thing i 've been saying . 
  `` the problem is smaller , therefore we should n't bother as much . '', 
  this is a fucking horrible strategy . 
  if the nazis had only killed only 200,000 jews , there would n't have been any less reason to stop them . 
   yes , assad is bad but in at the moment the syrian army is fighting a civil war with rebel forces being predominantly jihadists that have no interest in establishing democracy in syria . 
  the syrian army has fought more democratic and secular rebels and the kurds while ignoring isis , specifically to create this situation . 
  by now going `` oh , assad is the better option '' , we 're explicitly validating his strategy . 
  and why do you think that only a society where you can say every outrageous bullshit you want is a good one ? 
  what do you think is lost by limiting free speech ? 
   nowhere near a utopia , but possibly much better than it is now . 
  `` ugh , you know guys , i 'm really fed up with fighting this hitler dude .
