  i said it above : i get it . 
  you dislike one cause but not the other , so you try to find reasons why one shoud be be banned but not the other . 
  and it 's okay to think so , but the law just works differently . 
  i get it . 
  i really do . 
  i would like neither protest to happen . 
  but there is a freedom to stage such protests , and it does really not matter for that what i think about them , nor whether it might be considered a `` domestic '' vs. `` foreign '' issue . 
  here we go . 
  i doubt the people in this thread who want to see this rally banned would be as enthusiastic if it was an anti-refugee rally . 
   well i dont intend to get rid of islam from the face of the earth so ... 
  i do not see why you assume that i thought that . 
  the point stands . 
  you ca n't get rid of islam in europe either through immigration . 
  and one might obviously ask why we would even want to get rid of islam in europe . 
   i dont know why you think your argument against killing jews is relevant . 
  you have argued that fascism in europe is on the rise due to mass migration . 
  that basically boils down to the old and incredibly dumb argument that we need to appease fascists by not doing anything that could make them angry , and therefore have to set back social progress for ... an indefinite amount of time , i assume . 
   just ask the interior german minister . 
  i 'd rather not , he 's an idiot . 
   okay so you have to go back thousands of years to make something that isnt a point . 
  what point do n't you consider one ? 
  that the religion of islam will not suddenly dissappear just because you close the borders and then your eyes and ears singing lalala , ca n't hear you , ca n't see you ? 
   funny how china , japan , korea dont seem to think globalism automatically means mass immigration i seriously do n't know how people can keep bringing up china in this regard . 
  at least with japan and korea one may see how one can look past all their faults . 
  but fucking china ? 
   which is , debatably , on the rise due to mass immigration `` we had to kill the jews !, 
  there were just too many of them ! '', 
  ... is basically what this boils down to . 
   well it isnt native to europe neither is any of the major abrahamitic religions , yet they spread quite nicely . 
  we live in a globalized , constantly connected society . 
  you ca n't make a religion dissappear through immigration . 
  edit :  pray tell , what other ascendant ideology will cause this much terror ? 
  fascism , obviously . 
  i can seriously not comprehend how people can evidently look at countries like the us who already have this kind of gun culture and think yes , this seems like a fine thing to have . 
  sorry but why , really , why ? 
  with terrorists , i 'm not really afraid . 
  i do not know where they are , i do not know how many there are . 
  but i 'm supposed to feel safe in a society where every fucking idiot on the street could shoot me on a whim ? 
   fixed your text for you . 
  and you thought that got any better ? 
  what you 're proposing borders on totalitarian . 
   yes . 
  police only shoot if you charge at them or do n't put your gun away . 
  again , have you ever looked at the us ? 
   yeah , that worked out well for all the people that got killed . 
  people died in nice because a fucking truck charged them . 
  you could give everyone on that boulevard a goddamn assault rifle and it would not guarantee that someone is actually able to react before being run over . 
  you keep assuming that if you just give everyone a gun , some superhuman will step forward who can perfectly assess the situation and perfectly react to it in seconds . 
  the police needed hours to wade through the sheer mass of conflicting reports and you expect a single person with the power over live and death in their hands to make the right decision on an instant ? 
  i mean sorry , but i do n't even know how to explain how crazy this idea is anymore , because you just keep insisting `` no no no , they 'll just shoot the shooters and then everbody is save from getting shot . 
  totally simple . '', 
   the us are notorious for not giving their citizens with mental illnesses the treatment they need . 
  also , their background checks that they do on people who want to buy a gun is not good at all , something we could do much better in europe . 
  so yes , i do believe there will be a big difference in the people holding the guns in europe compared to the us . 
  you know full well that this is not were the problems begin or end . 
  just look at the amount of shootings by cops ,  you can think what you want . 
  but when a terrorist attack is ongoing and i manage to save your and other people 's lives , you 're going to thank me . 
  no , i will continue to call you a moron who endangers innocent lives by trying to play hero , by doing something you 're in no way qualified for and will never be due to your very questionable attitude . 
  sure i can go to the next hospital and pretend i 'm a surgeon . 
  maybe it works out and i end up not killing anyone !, 
  but it makes me no less of a moron . 
   who said anything about untrained ? 
  even now , there are tons of places you can take up gun lessons in europe . 
  maybe make it mandatory ? 
  you 're seriously advocating building a militarized society on the slim hope that you may get to play hero ? 
  you also evidently do n't understand what i mean with untrained . 
  hint : it 's not just `` knowing how to shoot '' . 
   once a terrorist is down , you get arrested under suspicion that you may be an accomplice , but then investigations will show you acted against the terrorist and you will be hailed a hero . 
  and you honestly believe that in a society where everybody has a gun with the finger on the trigger to become a big damn hero , police will bother arresting people ? 
   and what would you rather have happened ? 
  the `` hero '' stand there helplessly while the terrorist aims and kills the `` hero '' along with a bunch of others ? 
  how is that better ? 
  run away , hide , barricade yourself and let a dedicated anti-terror handle the situation . 
   yeah man , all those guns that trigger themselves without any human being having to pull the trigger . 
  those guns in usa are starting to become sentient man , it 's scary . 
  so what . 
  do you think there is somehow a major imbalance of good guys with guns and bad guys with guns in the us that we do n't have here ? 
   i know i 'll buy one if it becomes legal . 
  i hope internet tough guys like you never get their hands on a gun . 
  you 'll be nothing but a security risk that wo n't help anyone . 
  i do not understand your question . 
  it could obviously happen being inspired by something else . 
  i also do n't see how you hope to make a religion dissappear through immigration policy . 
  france is a former colonial power , which lead to a lot of immigrants from the north afrian region . 
  if they really wanted to change anything about that , they would have needed more foresight a long time ago . 
  but that does not really matter , since the fact remains that trying to address terrorism through immigration policy is idiotic . 
   if you think a rational man can not have irrational moments , talk about frivolous stuff , be wrong or disagree with you , then you have no idea what being rational means . 
  and what would you consider to be his rational moments ? 
  you 're delusional . 
  you 're seriously advocating the use of guns by untrained people on a crowded train . 
  you 're advocating a widespread use of guns in an utterly muddled scenario where police could start shooting civilians and the other way round . 
  all of that based on the idea that some hero will step forward , immediately correctly analyze the situation and eliminate the threat without any collateral damage . 
  this despite the fact that so far , all the fucking guns in the us could n't stop the regular shootings and spree killings there . 
  how many guns do you expect to throw at the problem until we finally see positive results ? 
  instead you support the highly rational man who makes such highly rational videos as `` the attempted assassination of donald trump '' or `` social justice losers '' or `` feminists love islamists '' or `` feminazis who #shoutyourabortion '' or the ones where he rants about the not yet released ghostbusters movie for half an hour ( very rationally , i might say ) . 
  as i said , truly the greatest philosopher of our time . 
  what other countries would you prefer ? 
  thailand , plagued by repeated coups ? 
  vietnam , one of the last communist dictatorships on earth ? 
  myanmar , also a junta up until recently still regularly violating human rights and one of the worst countries when it comes to press freedom ?
