  in fact , in eastern europe it has n't actually fallen since the 90s , unlike in western europe , where it has fallen first , then risen again later - due to the arrival of muslim immigrants . 
  a 2012 poll has shown that anti-semitic opinions are more widespread in eastern europe , and the percentages rises faster than elsewhere when compared to a 2009 poll . 
  an excerpt :  austria experienced a slight decrease , to 28 percent from 30 percent in 2009 . 
   france : the overall level of anti-semitism increased to 24 percent of the population , up from to 20 percent in 2009 . 
   germany : anti-semitism increased by one percentage point , to 21 percent of the population . 
   hungary : the level rose to 63 percent of the population , compared with 47 percent in 2009 ;  poland : the number remained unchanged , with 48 percent of the population showing deep-seated anti-semitic attitudes . 
   spain : fifty-three percent ( 53 % ) percent of the population , compared to 48 percent in 2009 . 
   united kingdom : anti-semitic attitudes jumped to 17 percent of the population , compared to 10 percent in 2009 . source : http://www.adl.org/press-center/press-releases/anti-semitism-international/adl-survey-in-ten-european-countries-find-anti-semitism.html, 
  seriously , it 's that way everywhere . 
  people keep pretending that some are `` just critical of the refugees and nothing else '' . 
  but the same people arguing that we need to protect women and homosexuals are crying about the `` homolobby '' and `` genderterror '' . 
  they overlap with conspiracy theorists , anti-abortion groups and every other stupid cause imaginable . 
  not to mention that the same people who think all muslims are violent , thieving rapists think the same about eastern europeans . 
  racism is rarely singular . 
  it is really quite simple . 
  if the answer to the reactionary ideology that is islam is another reactionary ideology ... then the answer is bad . 
  you 're moving the problem elsewhere , not solving it . 
   they do n't get polish welfare and people are seriously amazed that they do n't want to stay in poland ? 
  a friend of mine was a counselor for the local christian youth group . 
  every year , prior to the kids confirmation , they have a one week camp , and one of these days is spent hiking at night and then sleeping outside . 
  incidentally , just prior , there had been a major music festival on the field nearby . 
  so they discovered that the spot chosen to make camp was behind some sort of shack , and visitors to the festival had also used that spot to shit and piss all throughout the festival . 
  she said that it was really hard to get the kids to not directly lie there without telling them what 's up and causing some sort of panic . 
  national pride leads to a sense of national superiority and entitlement . 
  it starts wars . 
  seriously , this is the crux of nationalism . 
  it tells you that if you ever dare criticize the country , it makes the country weak . 
  if we are critical of ourselves , the enemy will win !, 
  but if you think about it , a country that ca n't handle criticism or dissent must be really fucking weak in the first place . 
  that 's what for example , russian propaganda always gets wrong . 
  it tells us `` but the us is doing all those horrible things !, 
  america is weak and russia is great ! '', 
  but we only know about all the horrible things because the us actually allows journalists to uncover them . 
  of course , the more reactionary elements of society are again deeply afraid of whistleblowers and the like . 
  but overall , western countries allow the people a tremendous amount of freedom in reporting on the nations shortcomings and failures . 
  it 's authoritarian states that are deeply afraid of criticism and therefore try to censor the press . 
  germans were practically drowned in anti-fascist propaganda by the allies after the war . 
  sure , internally , many repressed the memory of the nazis and never really worked out their own relation with them - which eventually lead to the student protests of '68 - but overall , that was still a sign of shame . 
  we still see the german hesitance towards patriotism today , and yet , germany has become the biggest economic powerhouse in the eu and the fourth-biggest worldwide . 
  if that 's the weak , unhealthy tribe you 're talking about , i have no goddamn idea what the healthy one would look like . 
  so self-determination is actually limited when it harms someone ? 
  then tell me how a country wanting to preserve it 's homogeneity at any price is not harming anyone . 
  i agree again , the reaction is understandable , but not justified . 
  i 've recently come upon a few fairly interesting essays on the topic by the german antifa , so actual radical leftists , speaking about the issue of fighting islamophobia while still staying critical of islam as well . 
  there 's sadly no english version , but to summarize , it essentially said this : nationalism and bigotry have to be fought for obvious reasons . 
  at the same time , it 's an error to assume that islamic violence has nothing to do with islam , and that inbetween the refugees , we will find no islamists . 
  yet that 's the exact point , because violence and violence in refugee homes is n't perpetrated by `` the muslims '' , it 's perpetrated by fundamental muslims against more secular muslims who they want to push into their ideology . 
  islamism has to be fought just like nationalism , for being a reactionary idea ; which is why nationalism ca n't be an answer to islamism . 
  that is actually a rather compelling point there because nationalists will often try to erase the negative parts of that `` national identity '' while glorifying the positive ones . 
  ernest renan who is commonly cited as an example of `` see , nationalism is n't always bad ! '', 
  explicitly said `` the essential element of a nation is that all its individuals must have many things in common [ they ] must also have forgotten many things '' . 
  which is why in germany , the same people who complain `` ca n't we finally forget the nazis , it 's been 70 years ! '', 
  will also ask `` why ca n't we be proud of germany ? '', 
  yet when we think about it , being ashamed of ones nation even without nationalism is actually more logical than being proud of it with nationalism . 
  i 'm not personally responsible for the nazis in the same way that i 'm not responsible for the accomplishments of the nation , so i 'm neither ashamed nor proud of it . 
  on the other hand , i can , even should , actively feel responsible for not letting fascism happen again ; and be aware that the consequences of racism and western imperialism still positively benefit me today . 
  alright bro, 
   but that 's imperialism . 
  the contrary of a nation state . 
  hitler 's imperialism lead to the war , not his nationalism . 
  not really . 
  first , nationalism and imperialism are n't actually contradicting one another . 
  the idea of unifying `` our people '' in a shared territory does not necessarily mean that you then have to be satisfied with that . 
  people often forget that after the unification of germany , it did initially stay a purely continental power , especially due to bismarcks stance on colonialism , but nonetheless eventually got some - rather unprofitable - colonies in africa . 
  this was driven by public support . 
  the same nationalists who demanded the unification of germany then wanted germany to become `` great '' , a major player in the world , and that necessitated imperialism . 
  actually , in that way , nationalism and imperialism go very much hand in hand . 
  nationalism set up the idea of national pride , greatness . 
  imperialism needed exactly that sense of pride , greatness and superiority to justify erecting an empire . 
  with hitler , it actually gets more obvious , not less . 
  first , his occupation of czechoslovakia was justified explicitly as a defense of the german minority there . 
  second , the support for the war was largely driven by the nationalist idea of having to take revenge for the humiliation suffered after wwi , including the reconquest of former german territories like west prussia or alsac-lorraine . 
  hell , the whole idea of a reich created the justification for the annexation of austria and occupation of former parts of the austrian empire - a revival of the idea of gro\u00dfdeutschland from the nationalism of the 19th century . 
  with his whole `` lebensraum '' idea , hitler made the thing even more nationalist . 
  imperialist conquest always recognized the conquered countries as subjects , as people in need of being ruled by a greater nation . 
  the idea of lebensraum instead explicitly said that the people need to be expelled and that the land is needed for germans to settle . 
   cultural relativism is thinking identities mean nothing , all cultures are the same . 
  i think you 're confusing the thing with it 's opposite . 
  cultural relativism means that due to different cultures - ergo implying that culture is different and that difference does mean something - we have to judge differently . 
  disclaimer before some smart-ass tries making the point : technically , cultural relativism does n't actually speak about ethics , that 's sub phenomenon , moral relativism . 
  and there , the specific normative kind of moral relativism is the one saying that we have to tolerate other cultures moral beliefs even if we conflict with our own . 
  but because no one knows what normative moral relativism is , lets just call it cultural relativism . 
  if the saudis want to behead you for insulting the prophet , who are we to tell them otherwise ? 
  they have the same right to self-determination as any other state . 
  if the nazis wanted to kill the jews , who are we to tell them otherwise ? 
  they had the same right to self-determination as any other state . 
  if the us wants to torture people , who are we to tell them otherwise ? 
  they have the same right to self-determination as any other state . 
  seriously people , are we really supporting cultural relativism here ? 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
  yes , that 's correct , i 'm not denying that . 
  but nationalists are confusing cause and effect . 
  they think `` because we 're [ nationality ] , we have all this stuff '' . 
  but in reality , it 's the other way round . 
  having all this stuff defines that nationality - hell , not even that , actually , because someone can have grown up under the exact same circumstances , share the exact same values , yet always be `` the foreigner '' for how they look . 
  that 's the point of nationalism : this is us , those are the others . 
  what lots of people do n't get about anti-nationalism is that it does not mean denying reality . 
  i 'm not pretending that nations do not exist , that national pride does not exist . 
  and i 'm not denying that the nation has value as an administrative unit - anti-nationalism merely goes against the idea of a nation as more than that . 
  so what ?
