  i expect my country to do so , so i expect every other country to do so as well . 
  again , where do you see the hipocrisy here ? 
   again - housing , support and money do not fall from the sky indeed , they are what we pay taxes for . 
   you 're asking others to do something which you yourself are either unwilling and/or unable to do . 
  where am i asking anyone to personally house refugees ? 
  today , there was also a lockdown in another city due to a mysterious bag found in the trash in front of a government office . 
  it turned out to be full of sex toys . 
  people are very much on edge here . 
  yeah , this culture of [ young men with very questionable views about women ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkj0801fc0a ) is really hurting our nation . 
  to say that people are evil means to paint them as sadists who know what they are doing is wrong and do it nonetheless , because they enjoy to see others suffering . 
  to be `` evil '' means being aware of the moral compass , yet acting against it . 
  fascism on the other hand denies the very existence of the compass without batting an eye . 
  the true horror of national socialism lies in that those people were absolutely convinced of the justness of their actions - and many still did after the war . 
  it 's the same with other fundamentalist movements like isis . 
  those people are absolutely convinced that what they do is right . 
   technically , roughly 50 % ( scratch that , it may be even 70 % ) of them are not even asylum seekers . 
  uh , yes , all of them are asylum seekers . 
  not all of them may be eligible for asylum though . 
  but we ca n't know that before checking , can we . 
   i 've heard that he was a islamist extremist . 
  the police has found no real indication for that . 
  there were just some unconfirmed reports that he cried allahu akhbar , but those clash with other reports . 
  and well , obviously , as soon as the police confirmed him to be german-iranian , that 's what the internet jumped onto , because all middle-easterners are the same , amirite . 
  there is more about his activity online and extremist beliefs in the german [ article ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/f-a-z-exklusiv-amoklaeufer-von-muenchen-war-rechtsextremist-14359855.html ) from faz that the guardian mentions . 
   i do n't see any reason it 's called `` right to asylum '' . 
  why should that not be possible ? 
   there 's 1000 + women in cologne who might want to have a word with you about merkel and the use of the word `` responsible '' ... after cologne , not a single woman molested there has in any form come out against refugees . 
  which is actually very strange , since it seems extremely unlikely that not a single one of them was against refugees before or started to be afterwards . 
  the opportunity for them to speak out is there , there are certainly groups interested in instrumentalizing them . 
  and yet : nothing . 
  and about women in general ? 
  well , again , the afd mostly has male voters . 
  anti-refugee movements mostly have male members . 
  so the only people who keep crying about cologne are essentially the ones who have always crying before . 
  how about neither . 
  when you essentially get to choose between plague and cholera , should n't you ask yourself `` how has it come to this and is this situation truly without alternatives ? '', 
  instead of just proclaiming `` well , that 's just how it is '' . 
  i 'm not even asking to somehow magically change the circumstances , but at least consider them critically instead of just taking them as given . 
  you evidently did not bother reading the other chain in this thread where this exact question is discussed . 
  besides , what do you even hope to accomplish with this argument ? 
  there are people who take in refugees in their private homes . 
  i do not belong to them because i do not really have any rooms to share , but i knows some personally who do . 
  if you asked the exact same question to such a person , and the answer was `` i already do '' , would it change anything for you ? 
  would you then say `` oh , okay , that 's cool , then the government should too '' ? 
   evil is the appropriate word here . 
  no , it is really not . 
  this is actually one the oldest cliches that gets repeatedly criticized when it comes to discussing the nazis . 
  they were n't evil , they were n't just the sadistic monsters at the fringes of society who somehow pulled the poor germans into this . 
  they were people like you and me , people who were very convinced that the ideology they followed was right . 
  and if we deported all the poles there too , there would be even less crime !, 
  incredible !, 
  but obviously , dumb . 
   by implying that hungarians are somehow an inferior , barbarian lot for repeatedly electing orb\u00e1n . 
  no , not really . 
  we 're after all , doing just the same here . 
  the eastern european states are ahead of us in this regard , due to a multitude of factors , but there 's really nothing unique or special about it . 
  i fear the very same may happen here . 
  my point was that it 's not the rest of the world `` bashing '' you for your great , infallible leader because they just do n't understand / are brainwashed / something something propaganda / the west considers us us inferior barbarians etc. , but because your leader repeatedly behaves like a moron . 
  do n't worry , we 've already been there , and yet we keep repeating that mistake . 
  as i said , it 's really nothing special , but that does n't make it okay either . 
   ut who cares , its time for some good ol' hungary-bashing delivered by u/vernazza for not the first time hungary keeps bashing itself by electing and continuing to support the walking disaster that is called viktor orban . 
   that 's a hell of an coherent & eloquent moron you have there . . as we germans can tell you from experience , one does not rule out the other . 
  not everyone with a lower standard of living is eligible for asylum . 
  you ca n't `` stop '' what you call `` refugee related '' crime , in the same way that you ca n't just stop crime in general . 
  you can minimize it , you can do your best to investigate and punish it where it happens , but you ca n't just stop it . 
   what i think is irrelevant . 
  if that is what you think the state is for , why should i convince you of otherwise ? 
  indeed , why should you . 
  i 'm actually quite content with my idea that the state should take certain responsibilities , thank you . 
  i was just interested whether you 're so very angry about the `` nanny state '' in general , or just when it comes to refugees . 
  it really does n't matter whether they 'll actually do - and it is n't even that unlikely , they might just not do it right now - in the same way that it does not really matter whether donald trump will actually attempt to build the financially utterly impossible wall he keeps talking about . 
  the rhetoric they use , the fact that they keep playing with those ideas , that 's enough in itself . 
   first of all : a muslim refugee killed a person after he was 1 year in germany . 
  who cares if he is from isis , al kaida or just killed because he can - . - if someone is speaking about `` the recent terror attacks '' , they should care whether it was actually a terror attack . 
  ... so you basically think that the state should do none of that and you 're going to do it all by yourself ? 
  yes , and those rules are idiotic and evidently do n't work . 
  people keep saying that europe ca n't take in the rest of the world , but italy and greece alone are somehow supposed to ? 
  the crisis began exactly because they were n't able to anymore and therefore let the refugees through to other countries . 
  i do n't care about the fucking contracts made up specifically so that the inner european countries could push all responsibility away from them . 
  if the rules do n't work , they need changing . 
  and as you might notice , turkey is everything but safe . 
   should n't it be time we leave them fix their own mess if they want to be treated as equals ? 
  and if they refuse to do , well , though luck for those in need ? 
   how many asylum seekers have you sheltered in your high standardized home where you sleep at every night ? 
  this is one of the oldest and dumbest arguments here . 
  i do not need to shelter anyone personally to believe that the state should , in the same way that i do not personally pay random strangers on the street unemployment benefit , grant health care to them , homeschool my kids , police my own district , build my own streets , and so and so forth . 
  yet i except the state to do so , because that 's what it is fucking supposed to do . 
   well , he is n't exactly wrong . 
  --  the populist leader added that `` every single migrant poses a public security and terror risk '' . 
  francis supposed progresiveness has very much been overstated . 
  he 's basically just paying lipservice to the bare minimum expected these days to not outright look utterly despicable , while not really changing the actual stance of the church . 
  i mean , i know there 's this sort of thinking , but you would at least expect it to have some sort of `` proof '' . 
  not just be brought up no matter how unfitting . 
  dude , what the fuck are you talking about . 
  this article mentions that the shooter was a german . 
  for the recent cases before , the articles mentioned when they had immigrant background . 
  where do you see the unfair difference ? 
   ultimately , though , it felt like a relatively uncontroversial thing to suggest last week that we should be cautious about linking religious belief to violence until we are confident that that there really is a causal connection . 
  it 's nothing more than the hallmark of good journalism . 
  that is a very important point , especially since we saw quite well how this turned out with the munich killings .
