  many doctors in rural areas are over-capacity , so very long waiting times may be usual . 
  public healthcare does not pay all kind of therapies , so you might have to pay a bit extra . 
  as an example , my mother had to get a tooth replaced , and public healtcare would have only paid for a non-natural looking replacement , so she paid extra to have a natural one . 
  concerning taxes : well , of course there are always very rich people who can afford private health care and i doubt that there are n't any who are arrogant enough to thus demand it 's abolition . 
  but it 's not really a political topic and most germans would never question it . 
  ( except with right wing populists bringing it up in the refugee crisis ; even though refugees are currently not even eligible for public healthcare but only a toned down version for life threatening diseases , and even that only with prior application . 
  which has drawn criticism in itself because it leads to so many requests for expensive emergency services for stuff that could have been treated earlier . 
  so there 's plans to introduce a `` health card '' for refugees to make the whole process quicker and more straightforward . ), 
   that is , until frau merkel announced that everyone was welcome . 
  the very moment these people packed their stuff and left . 
  some on foot , some on train , some with the help of the austrian jackals they call taxi drivers . 
  and that was also the moment when all the refugees/migrants from greece started to go north and we could n't handle it anymore . 
  no , you 're off again , those are two separate events . 
  the borders were opened for refugees stuck in hungary on the 4th of september last year , which was originally supposed to be a one-time deal . 
  the `` there is no upper limit '' / `` all refugees of war are welcome '' speech happened almost two weeks later . 
   they were germans though , they did n't come from a different world culturally and linguistically . 
  they were also nazis , would n't you consider that quite dangerous ? 
  how could we let nazis into the country ? 
  sure , we already had quite many nazis , but that does n't mean we needed to take in more . 
   but to think that any kind of ` human design ' top down would be better than what emerged organically is incredibly naive . 
  i see no point in arguing with you any further if this is what you genuinely believe . 
  the human mind created those borders and nations and concepts of citizenship so stop acting like they 're given by biologial necessity or some higher power . 
  have you never heard of the `` evil scientist '' trope ? 
  i think starbucks also failed due to existing bakeries selling coffee to go . 
  i doubt that starbucks sells the majority of it 's products to be consumed in-house . 
  you 're sort of right that de-nazfication was hardly a perfect success . 
  i 'm hugely critical of the whole idea that people suddenly started being perfect democrats after '45 myself . 
  but it sort of shows that integration can almost come too easily . 
  former nazis easily transitioned into a democratic system . 
  they did n't stage some sort of uprising . 
  similarly , we have seen in recent years that conservative muslims have started voting for the christian conservative parties , contrary to the public assumption that immigrants always vote red/green . 
  i believe that those experiences show us that there is a certain fluidity to society ( contrary to that idea of `` they 'll never integrate '' ) which can be very useful , but also harmful . 
  i do understand that but it reveals the whole problem of having this discussion . 
  one day , all `` whites '' are considered a group , the next day we recognize that there are differences between those . 
  so what do people mean when they want to preserve `` whites '' ? 
  who do racistst actually refer to when they imagine some sort of `` white genoicde '' ? 
  and the other way round , it applies to what i also said , that we ca n't just lump up all `` non whites '' as some unified group that can become a majority . 
  yet if we ca n't even define what whiteness means , how would we define any other `` native '' people . 
  the `` white britons '' are literally the result of thousands of years of genetical and cultural mixing . 
  their culture is the result of the ups and downs of history . 
  how can we define an identity for something that is constantly changing ? 
  oh man , four towns in britainn . 
  when we consider that there 's only seven cities in the entirety of europe ... on a more serious note , i think the definitions here are somewhat off . 
  first , the first article states eastern european immigration as one of the major causes . 
  so all those white britons are getting replaced by ... other white people . 
  i also find minority to be a misleading word because even with less then 50 % of the population they 're still the biggest group . 
  and on a national level , 90 % still consider themself white ( this time including white non-britons ) . 
  first , immigrants are not all adults . 
  even of those who are , many are young adults . 
  second , i live in fucking germany . 
  we had to denazify whole generations and we somehow managed . 
  it is definitely arbitrary , in my opinion . 
  i personally see no reason to make a distinction between citizens and non-citizens . 
  immigrants kids are just as unproductive as the ones of natives . 
  even if we take a more moderate stance towards the concept of citizenship , it does n't automatically follow that we need to feed unproductive members of society for over 18 years . 
  that at least presumes the idea of a welfare state . 
   in most european cities , the original people are a minority . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  i hope you do n't expect me to keep responding to your willfully obtuse trolling . 
  so for the last time : no , it does not mean that we should stop giving them medicine , in the same way that , to give a real world example , we do n't need to tear down the autobahn ( because it came from the nazis ) and then rebuild it ( because it 's generally a good idea ) . 
  it means that we need to recognize that the building of the autobahn was , as is the nature of totalitarian ideologies , influenced by the idea of fascism and that that particular instance , the building , not the later usage , can thus not be considered a good thing that national socialism somehow happened upon . 
  so no , you do n't need to stop taking medicine because the nazis want you to . 
  you can easily recognize the need and benefits of doing so beyond fascist ideology . 
  laws are n't ethics . 
  and i really do n't know why you seem to be so desperate to find a good part in a fascist system . 
  in a nazi-led society , yes . 
  should we stop giving sick people medicine because nazis agree with it ? 
   the only women who actively campaign for feminism anymore are upper-middle class women who do n't live in areas with refugees . 
  your every day working woman who does have to deal with the fallout of refugees spends her time at work to support her family , just like the working class men do . 
  stay at home wives are very uncommon in germany , only temporary most of the time , and tend to vote conservative , not identify as feminist . 
  it is also known by now that anti-refugee movements have a far higher percentage of middle class influence then initially expected . 
  volunteers at refugee centers on the other hand generally generally come from all sort of demographics , but there 's definitely a certain tendency towards young people who tend to be left leaning . 
  so i dare say that the `` upper middle class woman '' you talk about is more likely to march with pegida and protest against `` gender insanity '' while the young woman helping refugees between her lectures at university is fairly likely to identify as feminist . 
   it is not surprising then that other citizens feel uncomfortable with this and that there is a valid worry that these lavish benefits why ? 
  every newborn gets the same benefits and they spend over 18 years contributing nothing to society . 
   calling egalatarianism a `` generic statement '' is awfully presumptuous of you , by what right do you make such an asserstion and even if it 's true why should such a thing be dismissed for having stated and achieveable goals as opposed to `` examining the conflict between genders '' which is a far more meaningless and nebulous statement . 
  not to mention as covered above you are starting from a factually incorrect premise of what feminism is . 
  well sorry dude , but just let us look at the definition of egalitarianism as you did for feminism . 
  here 's wikipedia :  egalitarianism ( from french \u00e9gal , meaning `` equal '' ) -- or , rarely , equalitarianism or equalism -- is a trend of thought that favors equality for all people . 
  egalitarian doctrines maintain that all humans are equal in fundamental worth or social status , according to the stanford encyclopedia of philosophy . 
  according to the merriam-webster dictionary , the term has two distinct definitions in modern english : either as a political doctrine that all people should be treated as equals and have the same political , economic , social , and civil rights ; or as a social philosophy advocating the removal of economic inequalities among people , economic egalitarianism , or the decentralization of power . 
  some sources define egalitarianism as the point of view that equality reflects the natural state of humanity . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egalitarianism so both a very general umbrella term for equality movements ; and also applied to specifically define the quest for economic equality . 
  to make it easy , egalitarianism is a rectangle , feminism is a square . 
  logic 101 part 2 : `` an idea that is bad from one ideology can be good from another '' =| = `` any idea can be good in some context '' seriously , just for once take a moment before you respond . 
  because you set up one non sequitur after another . 
  i do , why do you think i do n't ? 
  so evidently , describing a self-described conservative think tank as a conservative think tank and thus , it 's members as conservatives is a conspiracy theory to you ? 
   secret conversative . 
  dude , she 's a member of the american enterprise institute . 
  it 's hardly secret . 
  not to mention that many of those very cdu members who voted against the recognition of marital rape back then are still in parliament today . 
  and those people are supposed to define `` our values '' . 
  free speech has been a core value - actually disputable , looking at actual history - for it 's purpose , not for the sake of it . 
  the purpose of free speech is to enable criticism of the government as to ensure progress of society and change . 
  when you divorce it from that , i think you need to make new convincing argument why we need it . 
  the idea that we have to have absolute free speech because some dude hundreds of years ago said so is somewhat dogmatic , is n't it . 
  the philosophers of the enlightenment never experienced our time yet we 're supposed to believe that they can totally tell us what the best political course for it is . 
  i doubt that voltaire thought to himself in his candlelit him `` yes , this dudes right to dispute the holocaust on facebook is one of the cornerstones of society '' . 
  also , `` always '' is somewhat far fetched , is n't it .
