  but then , they did not actually come for use and everything was fine so we did n't need the multinational corporations to speak up for us . 
  the end . 
  i think reading non-fiction books could at least be taken as an indicator of an open mind . 
  i would probably not like a person only reading cheap , shallow bullshit like 50 shades , but neither would i enjoy a person who tells me how they only read non-fiction or just the internet . 
  it 's very easy getting lost in that exaggerated idea of seriousness and only reaffirming your own ideas that way . 
  but maybe you wo n't !, 
  maybe a car runs you over on your 84th birthday !, 
  maybe that car will be driven by angela merkel !, 
  what this dude said , whatever it was :  ignorant people who do n't think about every possibilty . 
  you know , i hope that one day we will see this as the kind of happy accident that say , the fall of the berlin wall was . 
  but i fear that with the current backpedalling , it will instead become another case of our kids asking us `` how could you fuck up so badly '' . 
  on the other hand :  mohammad zatareih , leader of the highway march , is among the refugees arriving in munich on september 5 . 
  he will remain in munich until the end of the month before traveling on to zwickau in the eastern state of saxony , where he lives today . 
  oh man , what fucking irony that is . 
  not a single thing you wrote was comprehensible . 
  i think the point she is trying to make here is rather that the history of how to depict the republic in the form of marianne has always been a source of conflict itself . 
  so basically , the people who now want to claim those naked breasts as somehow representing france would probably have argued for a more conservative depiction of marianne not so long ago . 
  ( and also , that those naked breasts were never meant to represent freedom like valls tries to present it now . ), 
   the problem is some of those womans do n't really cover themselves by their free will but because of their government , husband , environment . 
  no they do n't and everbody recognizes that . 
  but just forcing them into another style of clothing is hardly solving that . 
   i 'd figure you 'd be ecstatic to have a fresh new anecdote to add to your repertoire when confronted with anti-mass immigration folks citing little things like `` facts '' and `` evidence '' to make their case . 
  you 're right , why do we act like this ? 
  we should just listen to the side that tells us they have facts and evidence . 
  well , both sides do , so maybe the side that is louder ? 
  making sound political decisions is so easy !, 
  [ if you say so . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/48870000/jpg/_48870766_damage466.jpg ), 
  be wary , if you keep moving the goalposts , the upper bar might fall onto your head . 
  [ if you say so . 
  ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/muslim-world/135279/jordanian-christian-kills-daughter-for-converting-to-islam ), 
   in czech republic , one anti-islam group fought for halal ban , until they realized it would mean kosher ban as well , and then suddenly stopped . 
  because being against muslims is ok , while antisemitism is not . 
  was the exact same way in germany . 
  when the afd , the right-wing populist party , decided on their platform , original proposals wanted a ban on religious circumcision . 
  that is n't even an inherently bad idea - the concerns about the mutilation of minors are obvious - and so it was not only decided previously to be illegal by the constitutional court ( but then legalized through some grey area stuff ) but also discussed by the green party , who did not end up making it part of their platform though . 
  the point is , when it came up with the afd , the moment someone pointed out that it would affect jews , it was effectively off the table . 
  which just shows you that those parties are n't even remotely interested in actual secular criticism but just want to find some cheap way to attack islam . 
   since we 're not banning `` niqabs '' but covering your face in public i assume she does not see it that way / does not want it that way . 
  i 'd like to see the commentator from yesterday , who thought that `` a community banding together to protect their own from an invasive threat '' was a beautiful thing . 
  if you think that fascism began to turn bad only when it committed genocide , you 're part of the problem . 
  there is much nuance and ambiguity in this world , but there really is n't in this case . 
  you defend mob justice ? 
  you 're a fascist . 
   left wing controlled media it wo n't get true just because you keep saying it . 
  translation : hitler did nothing wrong . 
   besides , you just shift the burden of determination from a court to the legislative arm , who would seem even less equipped to make it . 
  which is why i expect the legislative arm to make clear and broad decisions instead of getting into that whole `` choices vs. inherent traits '' discussion . 
  i 'm not talking about the act of moving them , i talked about the actions before that made it necessary to move them . 
   many people - in the west at least - often subconsciously classify parties on a left/right scale on economic issues . 
  i would expect that in the us . 
  but in europe ? 
  we basically expect a certain amount of social democracy from every party and then look how it is framed . 
  for example , pis policy is basically nationalist protectionism , welfare chauvinism and soft eugenics . 
  well , tell me the big fucking difference you see here . 
   well , they can make whatever arguments they like , some higher authority would determine if it was legitimate or not under any such ` unalterable traits ' discrimination law anyway . 
  and you would really want to decide some constitutional court to decide what qualifies as a choice and what does not ? 
  there 's a reason our laws explicitly do n't state anything about `` choices '' , but what kind of aspects , whether choice or not , you ca n't be discriminated for . 
  well , i guess the nazis were right all along then . 
  shame on you for stopping their perfectly justified rampage . 
  tell me , which situation could possibly be complex enough to justify pogroms ? 
  it 's the south folks , people there got to stick together because there 's no negro-loving nanny state to protect them and who am i or you to condemn them ? 
  something something justified something something no they really are bad something something anti-ziganism do n't real . 
  indeed you ca n't , what i just said was total bullshit . 
  but it 's exactly what the person who wants to ban homosexuals from their establishments will argue . 
   which is one of the main reasons why i support hofer . 
  you 're really desperate to get it right the second time , are n't you . 
   but there is a clear line , it 's the one where we do n't allow discrimination on the basis of traits that people ca n't change . 
  you conflate homosexuals and muslims as part of the same issue but these are very different things by their nature . 
  homosexuality is a lifestyle . 
  you could just choose not to be homosexual . 
  i mean , what do you expect me to say , seriously ? 
  you 've already said it yourself : where do we draw the line ? 
  there 's like , i do n't know , a few dozen nazi war criminals left . 
  on the other hand , there are millions of muslims , homosexuals or any other minority some bigot would want to ban from their establishment . 
  if we can get to a consensus what is acceptable and what is not , fine . 
  but if we can not , i 'd rather force a jewish person to serve that ghost of goebbels his morning bagel than allow every idiot with a shop to behave like a total dick . 
  hey austria , you know what , lets go through with the whole anschluss-thing . 
  you obviously need help . 
  oh god please not this bullshit again . 
  no , why ? 
  if you think the middle point between whatever you consider `` normality '' and literal fascism ca n't be called right , your idea of the political spectrum is very strange . 
   yet the rhetoric of `` they are not listening to us '' keeps re-appearing . 
  it 's quite easy , actually . 
  when people say they vote out of protest , they 're idiots . 
  they might say that they totally do n't agree with those parties , but in reality , they will only stop voting for them when the other parties become like them . 
  maybe not even then , because people will always prefer the original . 
  nobody would vote for those parties out of `` protest '' if they did n't represent exactly what they want . 
   i am just puzzled by the disproportinate attention given to a subject which will have little to impact , whether on austria or on europe . 
  the main concern is basically just how powerful those far-right parties have become , that people actually vote for such tremendous idiots . 
  but yeah , you 're right , the presidency itself is largely ceremonial . 
   so it should be illegal for e.g. 
  a jewish restaurant owner to refuse service to someone who literally murdered his ancestors , or someone who advocates for his extermination ? 
  yes , as long as that person behaves . 
  racists never really needed any actual immigrants to hate those hypothetical immigrants . 
  i think the whole `` poles steal our cars '' thing is still very popular , even though it has become somewhat of a joke . 
  it 's at least relevant enough that right-wing populist parties can make it part of their platform to promise border controls at the polish border . 
  people keep saying that here , but it 's not actually correct . 
  there is a specific distaste for romanians . 
  even when people are offered a survey where it is apparent that romanians and roma are two different groups , they say they do n't want romanians .
