  and for whom the only indicator that they may do so is that they look like people who might do it and come from the same area . 
  as in : literal racism . 
  so no , you do n't get to complain about the vague danger of `` immigrants '' . 
  you can complain about the concrete danger of people actually known to be terrorists all day . 
  why the hell do we consider the basic fucking infrastructure that everyone else is already enjoying `` prosperity '' . 
  seriously , i 'd like to see any random native swede saying `` hey , i 'd like to go to school and be near a hospital and maybe be able to buy stuff '' and everyone going oh my god what a greedy bastard if he does n't like it he should just leave the country . 
  he 's not demanding a fucking golden car with a trunk full of caviar . 
  correct , but it 's not really relevant for the comparison . 
  at the end of the day , the settlers still explicitly wanted to set up their own state , not integrate into the existing native american nations . 
  true , a life of luxury , with things like `` adequate medical aid '' , `` clean water '' , `` schools '' and `` not freezing to death during winter '' . 
  why ca n't they be thankful that we have n't started gassing them as well ? 
  is that considered bigotry now to ? 
  not gassing people is bigoted now ? 
  what is this bizarro world we live in !, 
  oh yes , drains on society and greedy bastards . 
  that truly sounds so welcoming and reasonable . 
  how could i accuse an upstanding citizen like you of bigotry . 
  in other words : - total bullshit, 
  yes , that 's what i 'm talking about of course . 
  taking in refugees is literally means that hitler did nothing wrong . 
  stone-cold logic , mister . 
  wake up sheeple the holocaust was an inside job by the bilderbergs who are reptilians, 
  sure , isis would do that if they could , but i have no idea how that is relevant to the discussion . 
  you 're right , `` fuck the downtrodden '' is just such a great concept . 
  damn pc culture has destroyed it . 
  american settler were conquerors , not immigrants . 
  they did n't immigrate to another society , they set up their own and drove away the existing one . 
  they got into the land , claimed it for themselves and shot everyone who stepped in their way . 
  the moment that isis turns up here and claims a patch of land for themselves , you get to complain . 
  but not due to immigration . 
  you know , whenever someone talks about `` their culture and identity getting destroyed '' , i just think , it 's probably not worth keeping anyway . 
  her refugee policy caters to conservative , that 's what people keep trying to tell this sub , but nobody listens . 
  she said `` all refugees from war are welcome '' to satisfy her conservative voters , who kept talking about `` economic refugees '' . 
  it was meant as a deterrent to those people , who many germans do n't want to recognize as legitimately in need of help . 
  the problem is that the rest of europe has moved so damn far to the right in this question that this is perceived as `` leftist extremism '' . 
  so all other kinds of tolerance are totally our thing but tolerance of refugees , no , that 's just a dumb idea . 
  this time , the argument that `` we ca n't know what could happen '' is totally right , unlike all the time when it totally was n't . 
  you 're a fucking hypocrite . 
  you encapsulate everything that is wrong with politics these days . 
  you declare your support for any idea where it is finally not longer acceptable to disagree and abuse them to justify your prejudice in another venue . 
  you do n't give a flying fuck about sexual minorities or women rights . 
  20 years ago you would have jumped on the `` the gays are pedophiles '' bus and voted against making marital rape illegal , simply because it was still widely accepted back then . 
  you probably still complain about `` political correctness gone mad '' and gender studies departments . 
  i love it how all the eastern europeans in this thread call for that dudes head now while insisting that their personal racism is still perfectly fine and especially prejudice against roma is . 
  / r/europe at its finest . 
  oh i just love springer . 
  they show his face in the bild , then censor it in die welt . 
  and still , orbans response is , do n't let anyone in , the countries at the outer edge of europe are responsible . 
  i do n't see some huge push from the hungarian government to invest in those camps . 
  not to mention that the conditions in those camps are horrible . 
  that 's why people want to get out . 
  that 's why they 're cheap . 
  because insufficient help is cheaper than sufficient help . 
   looks like orban had the right response all along . 
  orbans response is `` do n't let anyone in '' . 
  how is that helping the syrians ? 
  i do n't see any source supporting the assertion that germany has cut foreign aid due to the refugee crisis . 
  correct , but why exactly does the islam faith as whole have to denounce its symbols simply for them getting abused by terrorists - see also the black standard ? 
  i do n't see any christian churches kicking out the cross because the kkk used it . 
  then again , how will an absolutely minuscule amount of refugees make this any worse ? 
  seriously . 
  tell me a logical argument why the refugees are the final straw here . 
  tell me how estonias only option if it wants to survive is not taking in those refugees . 
  because that 's what we 're talking about . 
  not some russian minority everyone is paranoid about . 
  not the imaginary threat of russia invading . 
  tell me how those specific 200 people will make the country collapse . 
  yeah , whenever the nazis riot here they always stage photos with flowers as well . 
  oh wait no , they just throw beer bottles . 
  is everyone saying `` god '' in a non-arabic language a religious fundamentalist too ? 
  0,00030 % , 0,00045 % , 0,00060 % , ... at that speed , in a mere 6666 years , estonian society will have a total of ... 1 % refugees . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's a serious danger there . 
  ... said the dude with the hungarian flag and `` eu without us influence ! '', 
  flair . 
  the afd was never a option , i seriously do n't know why people keep pretending that it was totally fine under lucke . 
  lucke did n't just play with fire , he was often enough on fire himself . 
  people somehow keep forgetting that all that bullshit was part of the party from day one , it just got somewhat more extreme afterwards . 
  the question that lead to his ousting was n't `` should we be intolerant dicks ? '', 
  but `` how much of an intolerant dick should we be ? '', 
  a fucking dawkins meme right there at the top . 
  why do idiots tend to ultimately parody themselves ? 
   and shouting aa . 
  ... what 's bad about that . 
  it literally means `` god is great '' . 
  it 's part of their prayer . 
  correct , and that quarter wo n't get any bigger or smaller due to taking in refugees worth 0,00015 % of the population . 
   it has everything to do with it . 
  how can a population on verge of disappearance ( ok i exaggerate a little ) you exaggerate a lot . 
  estonia has 1.3 million inhabitants , of whom a mere 2 percent are not from the region , and 25 % russians . 
  200 refugees would be ... 0,00015 % of the population . 
  if that 's what 's breaking estonias neck , estonie must be a very shitty country in the first place . 
   about russia attacking them , i think you 're well aware that russia does n't need to officially declare war to be able to invade cause you big problems . 
  no , russia does n't need to declare war . 
  but russia also knows that estonia is a nato and eu member , unlike ukraine . 
  apart from that , russia also knows how expensive and hard it was to simply invade and then maintain crimea , so i stand my opinion that the risk of a russian invasion is very , very low . 
  i 'm sure that from now on , just for balance , / r/europe will post about every crime committed in germany because it has such incredibly relevance for europe as a whole . 
   `` kanal von crushtheislam ''  close tab edit : before someone accuses me of `` not wanting to hear the truth '' :  in a news report in 2010 , a spokesperson for the oslo police department stated that every case of assault rapes in oslo in the years 2007 , 2008 and 2009 was committed by a non-western immigrant . 
  [ 22 ] this picture has later been nuanced , as only perpetrators in the solved cases were counted , and 4 of the victims in the 16 unsolved cases described the perpetrator as being of norwegian ethnicity . 
  [ 23 ] the report shows that , of 131 individuals charged with the 152 rapes in which the perpetrator could be identified , 45.8 % were of african , middle eastern or asian origin while 54.2 % were of norwegian , other european or american origin .
