  there are not deeply disagreeing dogmatists . 
  yeah , no . 
  fgm prevention programs already exist and there is no risk of fgm somehow becoming part of swedish mainstream culture . 
  so not , it does not make sense how banning people from coming to sweden would possibly help to prevent fgm . 
  i do not care about what `` our societies '' do though , i care about fgm , no matter where it happens . 
  indeed , they aren ' the ones doing this and it is n't done to them either . 
  so please explain to me , how do we prevent fgm through limiting immigration instead of just moving it somewhere else . 
  this is literally one of the dumbest topics to bring up immigration . 
   i understand that it 's an important part of their culture and religion , but ca n't they just , you know , stop ? 
  imagine if a muslim asked you , could n't you just stop eating pork . 
  why do n't you just stop ? 
  you might say , because you see no harm . 
  well , like that , those believing in fgm see no harm in it either . 
  there is n't anyone in the world who will say , you know , this is incredibly stupid , pointless and harmful , but we 'll keep doing it anyway . 
  culture and religion are one hell of a drug . 
   you would also have seen that the prosecutor said nothing indicates it was organized by anyone other than the swedes . 
  they might just as well have gotten training from some polish militia . 
  in which case this article would read `` swedish neo-nazis suspected of several bombings in sweden received paramilitary training in poland '' . 
  how is that any different ? 
  it sounds ridiculous , but when you look at some of the theoretical framework behind contemporary right wing populism , they actually make a somewhat similar argument . 
  those movements are largely neo-reactionary , and a major part of neo-reactionary thought in concern to the current immigration discussion is that liberal democracy is weak and will therefore lose against even a minority of immigrants , who are at the same time barbaric and unacceptable , yet powerful due to its reactionary nature . 
  one of the most obvious and extreme examples might be hungarys jobbik , who are maybe the only right-wing extremist party that is pro-islamist ; due to admiring its traditionalist , reactionary nature . 
  in more moderate circles , people might try to explain how one kind of traditionalism belongs here while another does not , or go down the whole `` at least nobody gets thrown off a roof '' - route . 
  but the point remains that there is a major underlying line of thought that argues that to fight the threat of reactionary islam , our society will have to become reactionary itself . 
  and ? 
  indeed , that 's a very important point too . 
  the whole concept of just calling everything we consider good and nice `` western values '' is dangerous in itself . 
  i just used it because this is how the people making the argument use it . 
  i think they did mean a general consensus against all kinds of immigration , since the whole discussion has never been as complex as you 're trying to make it . 
  even when people do actually have somewhat nuanced views they might end up voting for a party literally saying `` do n't let anyone in '' . 
  the party that just worries without any nationalist bullshit behind it does n't appear to exist ; i for one have n't heard of a single one . 
  it never ceases to amaze me that people actually believe the `` muh western values '' bullshit . 
  no , they do n't actually care about that . 
  it 's always about immigration , that 's the primary concern these days , and conservatives will ally with anybody over it . 
  because , again , they really do n't care that much . 
   i do n't understand why you 'd think a strong external border is mutually exclusive with working towards better living conditions in countries where immigrants come from . 
  because this is how it has always been working and is currently working as well ? 
  ( not to mention that some kinds of `` living conditions '' , such as a goddamn civil war , ca n't just be improved that easily ), 
  it was never possible to do anything completely safe , no matter what system you lived in . 
  last year , that festival got called of when people were injured by lightning . 
  and as long as people have views , some idiots will want to kill for them . 
  the good old time when everything was safe ^ tm does n't exist . 
   these people do n't share your values or views indeed , many do n't . 
  that is how it has always been and will always be . 
  if we go by the system of the nation state , we pretend there is national consensus and then push it by force . 
  in a progressive democracy , we 'll have to find a way to reconcile differing views and values . 
  and so what ? 
  poland and japan are plagued by a multitude of problems , many of them based on the same ideas that lead to their homogenity . 
  what do we get from poland `` not undermining their values '' and not letting in refugees when those values are not so different from islamists ? 
  well that 's the great thing about the german reddit community , all the english-speaking stuff about tourism or immigrating or `` what do germans think blablub '' is contained in / r/germany , so if i do n't want that - which i do n't - i do n't have to see it , and all the random german stuff that others do n't want to see is contained in / r/de . 
  if i remember someone saying that he and his sister covered some of the other contestants songs , but i have n't seen any of those , so i 'm not entirely sure . 
   and to make things worse : the song gets decided first , and then the singers have to compete against each other , all with the same song ... what ? 
  it has varied over the years how germany decides who to send . 
  in 2010 , the year lena eventually won for germany , the casting was called `` unser star f\u00fcr oslo '' . 
  it had a mixed system with singers first trying out for the final with cover songs and then the two finalists , lena and someone nobody ever heard from again , did four songs . 
  so in the finale , they decided both whom to send and with which song . 
  in 2011 it was just decided that lena would be sent again , so they created the format `` unser song '' where just the song was chosen . 
  after that , for baku , they first went back to the original concept of `` unser star f\u00fcr oslo '' with the whole casting and the covers . 
  probably on account of declining viewership , they used a shorter concept for the following years , called `` unser song '' again where more or less established artists presented their own songs from the very beginning , so song and artist were decided simultaneously again . 
  this went on for three years and ended with ann sophie ending up with 0 points . 
  in 2016 , they wanted to send xavier naidoo first , also a very successful , established artist , and only decide on a song . 
  that was quickly cancelled though because of the giant shitstorm that followed , because xavier naidoo is a known right-wing conspiracy nutjob . 
  so they basically just did the same thing as the year before , which brought us jamie lee , ending up last again . 
  so this year , they went back to a system rather similar to the original one : first they did covers to thin out the contestants , and then , for the final , they had the both remaining finalists sing two prepared songs for kiev . 
  the intention was that they 'd either end up with one singer and then have to decide on the song , or with two singers with either different or the same song , and to decide on the singer . 
  levina ended up with most of the votes for both songs and so the final decision was between whatever she ended up singing and whatever she ended up not singing . 
  it was also the pre-casting with the lowest viewership since baku and if i remember the commentary during eurovision itself correctly , the song she ended up singing only got 69 % of the vote even then , so huh , that horse was dead before the race even started . 
  you just keep telling me how those two are different while i keep telling you that it does n't matter to me - why ? 
   the question is that le pen needs to operate in a democratic system , otherwise she is n't allowed to run . 
  her voters are probably racist pigs and ultra nationalistic old farts like farrage , but their intention is not comparable to what erdogan is doing . 
  erdogan operated within a democratic system too to get to where he is now . 
  drawing the line at just erdogan being unacceptable is just arbitrary . 
  i do n't know about you , but i despise erdogan for the same reasons i despise le pen and co. 
   positive actions from the european community to immigrant communities ( like more goodwill ) will accomplish nothing - if not being actively counterproductive . 
  source needed . 
   natural human behavior of attempting to avoid integration source needed . 
   integration means giving up minority culture in favor of majority culture it does not . 
   at the expense of short-term ` political ' liberty , this would increase long-term ` real ' liberty and happiness it would not . 
   i believe the political climate of europe makes this course impossible . 
  thus , the best course of action is to prevent immigration . 
  exactly what kind of climate is against the kind of authoritarian concept of `` integration '' you propose but simultaneously for preventing immigration ? 
   build camps in mena for refugees and make everybody happy . 
  neither will this happen , nor will it make everybody happy . 
   and exhausting moral principles . 
  what moral principles are you even talking about , you just told me how whatever the majority wants is right ? 
  if it proceeds exactly like you predict it to do , which is basically `` nobody ever adapts and we make no attempts to change that '' , then yes . 
  but why should we address this problem through immigration restrictions and deporations instead of , you know , doing something ? 
   you think the more than 60 % of french turks who voted off democracy in turkey deserve to live in france ? 
  you think the people who voted le pen `` deserve '' to live in france ? 
  nobody is making any attempt at somehow replacing the native population with foreigners . 
   population dying out ; replacing it with uneducated foreigners who live in balkanized parallel societies . 
  how sustainable . 
  well at least you got to the point quickly , no matter how stupid it is . 
  ... and yet you ca n't live in this paradise - again , awfully unconvenient . 
   yes . 
  the majority is the majority regardless of for whom it votes . 
  and if the majority consists of islamists , we 'll just cut of the heads of nonbelievers . 
  if the majority wants to hold the minority as slaves , well that 's just how it is . 
  if the majority wants to gas jews and conquer poland , lets just do that . 
  great idea for how society should work , very sustainable too .
