  so the implication here would be that i can criticize my own government - no choice - but criticizing other governments would be bad because living under them is just a choice after all . 
  yes . 
  good point , actually . 
  i think this is one of those points where one simply has to acknowledge that the `` two sides '' may not actually be equal . 
  like , if you benefit from public spending but want to cut eliminate that public spending , then you 're effectively disproving your own idea there . 
  but that essentially poses the dilemma of that if there 's `` acting against your beliefs '' then there must also be acting according to your beliefs . 
  for public spending , that is very obvious . 
  if you support public spending and benefit from it , you 're acting in good faith . 
  but how could anyone ever benefit from the cecil rhodes scholarship then ? 
  is the only `` good faith '' option there that if you benefit from it , you also need to be a huge racist ? 
  is the only good faith option that no one can ever benefit from it ? 
  what happens to all that money then ? 
  that is , as said , a very good question . 
  i personally believe that one can still benefit from that scholarship while acknowledging that it 's founder was a huge racist asshole . 
  i therefore think the best course of action would be to reform the foundation as to focus on providing scholarships for minorities and other disadvantaged students ; just throw away the whole historical baggage , which would make it much less morally ambiguous to receive that scholarship . 
   it 's just that people do n't want to take on risk , to do something they belived in . 
  you have never been poor , have you . 
  seriously , the whole fucking point of being poor is that you ca n't take risks . 
  risk-taking has always been for those who can afford it . 
   all it takes is one douche to buy e1000 worth of coke for the whole program to become a bust how so ? 
  he has bought coke for 1000 $ , so that 's it . 
  how is that busting the whole program ? 
   the main difference is that right now , you must react to application offers from the agency and you must attend if you are invited . 
  and also that up to a certain point , you do n't actually benefit from working because it will all get subtracted from welfare . 
  so the idea of the basic income is to eliminate that gap where working is n't actually worthwhile . 
  i think they 're good for teaching to speak the language , because that is effectively expected to happen before you start school . 
  but you 're right that in advanced grades , that kind of separation should not exist . 
   but he chose to go to oxford , and had a scholarship fund foot the bill , and then complained about the founder of the scholarship fund . 
  but that exact same thing happens with governments . 
  seriously , do n't act like you 're not aware of how popular `` if you do n't like it here move elsewhere '' is for criticism of ones government . 
  not to mention that by your argument , i can actually criticize my own government , but i ca n't criticize other governments - possibly of countries where i move . 
  yes , and now this is a bit of speculation , but i think it explains the somewhat special situation in germany . 
  in the rest of europe , a party can apparently run quite well with national conservatism . 
  look at the sweden democrats , front national , those are major parties . 
  countries like hungary or poland effectively do n't have any serious leftist parties anymore and have actual coalitions of right-wing parties . 
  merkels cdu on the other hand has a coalition with social democrats , who are at least center-left . 
  and this is her only possible coalition - the only other possibility is a leftist coalition of the left , the greens and spd . 
  now , that is the setup from 2013 , where the only right-leaning parties in parliament are cdu and it 's sister-party csu . 
  newer polls suggest that in the next election , afd , a national conservative party would get into parliament . 
  but despite that huge inflow of refugees , they are stuck at 10 % that 's not nothing , but it would n't even make a coalition with cdu possible in theory . 
  not to mention that in practice , there would be huge clashes with the more progressive and pro-european parts of the party base . 
  the only option would again be the grand coalition with spd . 
  so i think merkel essentially calculated that beforhand . 
  she knew that cdu would n't make any gains by adopting an anti-refugee rhetoric , not only driving away parts of their own voter base but more importantly , the social democrats , who might enter a coalition with the other leftist parties . 
  so even with cdu falling somewhat in the polls in recent months , merkel is effectively still winning because she can depend on the grand coalition . 
  at the same time , she 's ensuring that the right wing of her party does n't completely move over to the afd through the mentioned draconic new restrictions . 
  now personally , i 'd much rather see that leftist coalition . 
  but even i have to admit that merkels political moves are very smart if we solely look at her goal of staying in power . 
  what a compelling argument . 
  why ? 
  the student is benefiting from the thing he criticizes , the professor is benefiting from the thing he criticizes , and for some reasons you have ignored the welfare receiver who is also criticizing the thing he benefits from . 
  where do you see the difference that makes the student a hypocrite ? 
  yes , i saw that and again , you explained what you consider hypocritical but not why . 
   saying turkey is targeting kurds is like saying the us is targeting arabs ( isis ) in syria . 
  shia militias in syria are broadly targeting any sunni muslims because isis is made up of those . 
  you sure ca n't tell me that an authocratic regime like turkey will somehow perfectly discern between the `` good '' and the `` bad '' kurds and not harm any innocents through the crackdown . 
   so , in effect , he is protesting cecil , while , at the same time , receiving money from him . 
  would you also say that a welfare receiver or a professor at a public university would be a hypocrite for criticizing their government ? 
  i did n't ask you for the definition of hypocrisy , i asked you what you specifically consider hypocritical about this situation . 
  see , most people in this sub will likely tell you that angela merkel is some evil bitch who destroys germany with her `` politically correct '' policy of letting hundreds of thousand of millions of billions of trillions of literal terrorists invade this country . 
  other people , including the refugees , might tell you that merkels open doors policy makes her an angel of mercy . 
  the truth is that both of those are bullshit . 
  the former is more popular outside germany ; the latter more popular inside germany . 
  but they 're both wrong . 
  it 's correct that merkel has always upheld that there can be no limit to the constitutional right to asylum , that she has stated that refugees of war will always receive asylum and that she agreed to take in the refugees stuck in budapest around september . 
  germany has also broadly ignored the dublin treaty so far - the one about refugees only being eligible for asylum in the `` first safe country '' - because otherwise literally no one would actually be eligible for asylum here , as the great belgian war of succession has yet to occur . 
  at the same time , merkel has pushed many draconic measures that are effectively undermining that right to asylum . 
  for example , family reunion for syrians has been suspended - hugely hypocritical considering that one of the most popular complaints was `` it 's only young men coming here '' and that syrians specifically were always considered the `` most '' legitimate refugees . 
  there has been an extension of the list of countries broadly considered `` safe '' , which makes refugees from there ineligible ; and incredibly harsh conditions for the application process . 
  ( people without papers can be dismissed on the simple accusation that they have destroyed them on purpose ; applicants are forced to stay at certain centers and are n't allowed to move too far away ; and deportations can only be suspended due to the most severe circumstances . 
  it 's somewhat hard to correctly explain the full extent , but one could say that it would lead to only a fraction of the applicants having any chance to be granted asylum , and even then be held under inhumane conditions . ), 
  then there 's also many obvious problems right now ; infrastructure for registering and housing refugees is very much dependent on volunteers , there 's unbelievable bureaucratic and logistical failures , understaffed administration , ... and the government is effectively refusing to do anything about it . 
  that more or less sums up the whole dilemma : merkel is simply the person treating the refugees the least shitty right now , despite treating them really fucking bad . 
  why do you consider that hypocritical ? 
  i thought about whether i 'll try to give a more elaborate answer , but i 'll just go with `` bad : the rise of reactionaries across europe '' . 
  because everything else basically follows . 
  islamic terrorism , rise of right wing populists , refugee crisis , russia , the dissonance of the gay marriage referendums in slovenia and ireland , it all boils down to the issue of reactionary thought . 
  are you aware how dumb you look repeatedly using a word that you evidently do n't know how to spell . 
   even primitive humans usually lived in a tribe with shared culture that controlled some territory , a proto-country . 
  so what ? 
  i think you misunderstand `` social construct '' . 
  it does n't mean `` it is n't real '' . 
  it is real , because people agree to think it is , that 's how the social contract works . 
  it 's just not some sort of objective , unchangeable fact , like , say , gravity . 
   heck , it is common to observe such behavior in apes or territorial animals . 
  you 're making the error of applying human ideas , shaped by your socialization , to animals . 
  we do n't really know whether apes do actually have any sense of `` territory '' that they `` own '' , nor whether they see their communities like we see `` tribes '' . 
  at the same time , you seem to assume that `` social constructs '' can only come from humans . 
  but all lifeforms that are developed enough to form something resembling what we consider social interaction can accordingly also create social constructs . 
  it is somewhat naive to assume that everything some animal does is solely driven by biological instincts , and then thereby proclaiming that whatever behavior is ingrained in animals must also be an unchangeable biologic reality for humans . 
  you see , `` your house '' is your private property . 
  unless you 're only renting it . 
  `` your country '' on the other hand is not your private property . 
  it 's a social construct , and the only people who want to keep `` their country '' for `` themselves '' are very , very sad individuals . 
  ( actually , private property is sort of a construct in itself , which poses some very interesting questions ; but i would n't want to open that can of worms ), 
   the more homogeneous a country is , ethnically , the more stable it tends to be . 
  that is kind of obvious , you know . 
  without the object of their hate present , racists do not really have a reason to become violent . 
  similarly , by killing dissidents , a country can become more stable as well . 
  the problem is that this does n't make the reactionaries and authoritarians disappear .
