   i dont think it will lead to a caliphate in the foreseeable future . 
  it will lead to formation of immigrant areas where these rules are informally enforced due to community pressure . 
  and thats not much better imho , the important thing is what happens in practice , not whats written on paper . 
  first , that stuff is still illegal , you know . 
  even in immigrant areas . 
  second , that is the exact fucking purpose of integration . 
  every argument about immigrants forming parallel societies boils down to `` if we just let them in and then literally do nothing '' . 
  yeah , but that 's not actually the plan . 
  to do nothing , we 'd even actively need to cut existing programs . 
  so it would be really great if this whole discussion could finally move past the question of , should we let them in , because the answer is fucking yes , and finally adress what to do with them once they 're in . 
  the biggest threat to integration is politicians not actually deciding to provide those programs because they 're too busy complaining about the lack of integration . 
   and i dont care just about what happens in the foreseeable future , even if it would take 300 years to turn europe into a proper caliphate , it is still a thing that needs to be stopped before it begins . 
  so the caliphate might happen in 300 years . 
  the neo-nazis are already here , the national conservatives are already leading our governments . 
  so i hope you understand why i see our priorities elsewhere . 
   our own national security comes before the right to asylum . 
  our national security is not threatened in any discernible way . 
   its clear that we have different opinion on the acceptable levels of mass immigration into our respective countries . 
  if you consider 20.000 in three years , into a country of 80 million , `` mass immigration '' , then you 're an idiot . 
  really , that 's the only word i can find for that . 
   it will also never happen , because you cant just expect european people to sit by as they are replaced by foreigners en masse europe currently has a total of about 740 million people in it . 
  there 's estimated to be 60 million people fleeing worldwide . 
  how the fuck are they supposed to replace us . 
   rationality , secularity and traditional values do you even notice when you contradict yourself ? 
   to say that the right chooses to ignore hitler 's crimes and is at risk of repeating the holocaust is preposterous and defamatory . 
  the right does n't ignore hitlers crimes . 
  but it sees them as the consequence of madness , as totally unrelated to their own ideas . 
  essentially , they believe that as long as you do n't literally start gassing jews , your ideas have nothing to do with nazism . 
   the german right ( and people in other countries like the uk ) , see it being caused by a more specific blood-and-soil nationalism of the nazis , and that there 's nothing wrong with a moderate nationalism that 's proud of national identity and traditional culture . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  it 's very questionable whether there is actually any kind of nationalism other then the blood-and-soil variant . 
  nationalism does n't neccesarily have to demand genocide , but at the same time , the nazis did n't came to power by themselves . 
  they were supported by ( national ) conservatives , people who did see nothing wrong with the third reich until the gates to the kzs were first opened and people gazed inside . 
  those are the very collaborators and opportunists rising to power in post-war germany i talked about . 
  but really , even apart from that historical context , what is `` moderate '' nationalism supposed to be ? 
  it 's always a dividing factor , a tool to separate one kind of people from another kind of people . 
  it either leads to cultural exceptionalism or cultural relativism . 
  and the point is , nationalists often do n't even know how to actually define their own national identity beyond `` those people do n't belong to us '' . 
  seriously , tell me : what is a positive german national identity supposed to be ? 
  people might start listing stereotypes about germans - hard working , rule obeying , etc. 
  - in which case i have to tell you , no , that 's not what germany is . 
  people might say `` christian '' in which case , again , no , that 's not who we are - luckily . 
  you might start talking about human rights in which case , again , no , those are universal principles , they are n't part of the national identity , they are n't even embraced by all germans . 
  or you might mention great things done by people who happen to be germans , scientist , artists ... but apart from the fact that considering the history of germany , those might not even have considered themselves `` german '' , what does it have to do with national identity ? 
  how can the work of an individual become a part of national identity , where everyone can pat themselves on the shoulder for happening to be born in the same country as the famous person ? 
  what is our `` national tradition '' supposed to be ? 
  there 's so many regional traditions , which nationally unified tradition could ever represent all of them ? 
  as i said , the point of nationalism is to set apart one group of people from another . 
  it never even attempts to define what a nation is , it defines what people want that nation to be , and what sort of people it wants to see part of it . 
   voting for pro-immigrant parties means voting for a virulent reactionary ideology , whether you like it or not . 
  so there may be no third option . 
  that 's what you believe . 
  on basis of what exactly ? 
  how exactly is lettng in refugees supposed to lead to a islamic caliphate of europe in he forseeable future ? 
   which is why we should accept no migrants except those refugees we handpick from refugee camps ourselves . 
  then we 're effectively eliminating the right to asylum , because rights are n't hand-picked . 
   of course you can , if they passed through those countries . 
  no you can not , because if the target country refuses to accept the deported person ( s ) back in - though luck . 
   there were tens of thousands who arrived this way . 
  that is not what i would call too small . 
  with millions fleeing , yes , yes it is . 
  for example , germany had taken in 20.000 people in three years through those programs . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
   and there is no reason why it couldnt be expanded , but first we must secure the border and deport the rest , otherwise it is only another hole in border security . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  whenever we do the negative part first , we just conveniently forget the positive part later . 
  first we offer them free and safe passage . 
  if that program works well enough , they stop coming by themselves . 
  okay , that would mean that chp as the biggest party is tasked to form the government . 
  but since the right-wing bloc is still at 60 % , they 'd have to include a party from that bloc to get a majority ; or as said before , the conservative bloc would just form a coalition by itself . 
  i mean , in the former case , if it happened , there 'd be at least some perpective . 
  but it would n't change the overall issue - that 60 % of the voters are ready to effectively vote against democracy - one bit . 
  yes , but as i said , what would the difference be ? 
  they could still rule just the same in such a coalition , since there would be no major disagreement with their coalition partners . 
  even moderate/centrist right-wing parties . 
  if their voters happily voted for akp before , i somehow doubt that those parties , if they reappeared , would restrict akp in any way . 
   the worst akp may do is making undemocratic legislation influenced by religion to satisfy the conservative masses , like putin does by banning expression of homosexuality to appease his country 's conservatives . 
  i agree with that analysis , i see a major shift in the politics of authoritarian states . 
  it 's not longer about any genuine belief in an ideology . 
  those people do n't even believe the own bullshit they 're spreading , they just do it to satisfy some idiot voters and thereby stay in power . 
   i think the best bet to displace akp would be a stronger right-wing party who can steal some votes from them . 
  there is no way chp can battle against the conservative majority alone . 
  what exactly would that accomplish ? 
  where 's the major difference between having akp rule by itself and akp ruling with a possibly even more extreme coalition partner ? 
  those shifting votes wo n't have any effect at all , as long as they remain in the same spectrum . 
  the article as a whole is very interesting , but there 's a part that would have deserved to be discussed further :  the tension between these two versions of german post-war identity was expressed most clearly in the statement allegedly made by the bavarian christian democrat leader franz josef strauss , that ` a people that has achieved the economic success that we have has a right to hear nothing more about auschwitz ' . 
  the point is that even beyond economic success , this attitude of `` we have a right to hear nothing more about auschwitz '' has become very wide-spread . 
  when you look at pegida , afd and the like , they 're full of people who are `` fed up '' with thinking about the holocaust . 
  it 's the `` why ca n't we be proud of germany again '' faction , the `` it has been 70 years '' faction , the `` but i was n't personally responsible '' faction . 
  what lies at the core of those ideas is that they consider the holocaust the ultimate incarnation of insanity . 
  a thing that just happened , a sudden force of nature . 
  they do n't see it as a consequence of ideology . 
  that 's why post-war german politics were so dominated by former collaborators and opportunists , and why it needed another generation before people actually started discussing what happened during the third reich . 
  this is were the real split happened . 
  people trying to learn from the holocaust , people calling to be wary of the beginnings and to never let such a thing happen again - and on the other hand , people who simply wanted to forget . 
  germany as a whole largely embraced this idea of post-nationalism , if somehow reluctantly , if only out of fear . 
  but there were always some people who for some reason very desperately want to be proud of their national identity . 
   from what i know , to obtain citizenship you only need to live for 6 years in germany and you need to be able to speak proper german . 
  as it was said in the full article , this is only true since a reform in 2000 . 
  [ look here .
