  but if he does , then his logic is wrong for four reasons . 
   first , switzerland has built its banking business on the basis of being a tax haven . 
  it is impossible to know for sure how much money is illicitly located in switzerland , but a past chairman of the swiss private bankers ' association has admitted it may be as high as 30 % . 
  this is unsurprising . 
  switzerland deliberately created banking secrecy in 1934 to assist those evading tax in their home jurisdictions . 
  whether or not this was acceptable in 1934 does not matter : it is wholly unacceptable now . 
  the stories you need to read , in one handy email read more  to make the uk into even more of a tax haven than it already is would only increase our isolation from europe , as it would effectively be a declaration of economic warfare on the already tax-starved economies of the eu . 
  the fightback would be serious , strenuous and quite possibly effective , which makes it all the more interesting that jonathan faull , the uk 's most senior official in brussels , has suggested the uk 's new position is to be the channel islands of europe , knowingly referring to the fact that they have for too long based their economies on such activity . 
   second , switzerland 's other finance activities -- of which reinsurance and head-office location services are the major part -- have also been based on very low corporate taxes and a logic that few jobs should be located in a place where there is little space to accommodate people . 
  in contrast , the uk badly needs high corporate tax revenues from businesses capable of generating large numbers of jobs , as employees alone are currently unable to fund the social services they require -- hence the need for a serious tax contribution from their employers . 
   the needs of the uk and switzerland are also very different are in a third regard . 
  the swiss industrial economy , as that of a landlocked state , is based on small trade volume with very high added value . 
  in contrast , the uk has been and remains a bulk-trading nation , adding relatively little added value to goods in transit . 
  if , by alienating our strongest trading partners , we threaten that reality then favouring the city , as cameron has done , puts at risk our already weakened industrial base , potentially making him the biggest threat to uk manufacturing since margaret thatcher . 
   but all these concerns should pale into insignificance when one further fact is appreciated . 
  switzerland 's hot money and the best of their real businesses are currently heading en masse for singapore . 
  the cash is pouring out for two reasons . 
  first , the us has broken swiss secrecy , and second , the eu and its member states are lining up to do the same . 
  as for real business activity , singapore and the east asia are simply cheaper . 
  in that case , the reality is that the swiss business model may itself already be bust , and only a fool would copy it . 
   * richard murphy is an adviser to the tax justice network and director of tax research llp *, 
  if britain wanted to continue having access to the european single market , they would for example have to take what is called the [ norway option ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/oct/28/the-norway-option-what-is-it-and-what-does-it-mean-for-britain ) . 
  that would mean having no say in the eu anymore while paying , according to estimates , 94 % of what they do now . 
  the other option would be something more like the swiss model , but that might be even worse from an economic standpoint . 
  where do i downplay the problems of the union ? 
  i see them too , i just say that it 's dishonest to pretend that leaving will fix anything about those problems . 
  and the question about merkel was a genuine one . 
  i just really ca n't think of any example other then greece for what you describe . 
   i mean , it 's been almost a century already , why do n't we all just stop thinking of good-bad divide and just point the facts as they are . 
  there are no good sides in any war . 
  everyone to blame . 
  ignoring important dates does n't make you a favor no matter what `` higher goal '' you trying to achieve with it . 
  well you know , one needs to admit that beating germany was a good thing . 
  there are no good sides in a war , certainly , but there are bad sides and worse sides . 
  i really do n't think we need to convince anyone here . 
  if they seriously want to ruin their economy just because they 're angry about immigration , they can do that . 
  i wo n't stop them . 
  i 'm just pointing out how utterly idiotic that is . 
   the thing is that those 17 % think that you are stupid . 
  yes , but at the end of the day i can feel vindicated by the fact that i do not support the party that chose to include climate change denial in its program . 
  respect has to be earned . 
  afd has yet to bring forward anything that i 'd be able to respect . 
  sure , but i think that this does n't actually have much to do with the leave campaign . 
  after all , what would leaving change about that ? 
  nothing . 
  if the leavers were genuinely interested in those valid criticisms of the eu , they would want to stay and attempt to reform . 
  the fact that they instead want to leave shows that the whole core idea is something entirely different . 
  also , when genuinely thinking about it , i could n't even say what major influence merkel has . 
  she did n't even manage to push a refugee distribution scheme . 
  only greece would come to mind , but there , she had the backing of many other countries who insisted on austerity . 
  well , you know , poland already has the right wing populists in power . 
  we do n't . 
  it seems we 're doing something right . 
   and what if following a brexit it will experience economical growth ? 
  well keep on dreaming i guess . 
  we do n't need experts after all . 
   ok you 're the last person anyone should speak to on health if you 're entertaining the idea of having sex with people that have aids . 
  do you seriously think that people with hiv should not have sex at all ? 
  i have yet to see a single reputable medical association or aids prevention campaign that advocates abstinence . 
  i do n't know , i have n't been in the situation yet . 
  i guess i would in a long-time relationship if they were properly medicated . 
  that is kind of irrelevant though , since what we commonly call aids prevention campaigns is n't just aimed at people who are known to be hiv-positive . 
  it 's aimed at everyone to minimize the risk of getting infected even from partners who might not know that they carry the virus ; and also to prevent other stds in general . 
  you know , what i find interesting is that this is one of these cases where we see that this is n't necessary a battle of argument , but of ideologies . 
  the `` the eu 's food standards means better food for us '' - argument will not convince someone voting leave , since leave brings up the exact same argument , just seeing it negatively : the eu 's food standards are oppression !, 
  they 're stupid , we should n't have to abide them !, 
  one can similarly point out that if britain wants to continue competing in the european market , not only will it have to pay huge sums ( similar to what it pays now ) to get access ; it will also still have to abide to all those standards . 
  but this wo n't convince anyone since , as said , this is an ideological battle . 
  it 's the logic so perfectly summed up in `` the people do n't want experts anymore . '', 
  they just do n't want to abide those standards , they do n't care about the effects on the quality of products nor on the economy , they just expect that since they believe so strongly in being right , the world will have to follow . 
  that 's not longer politics , that 's consciously denying reality . 
  `` ugh , it 's so annoying how people use political violence to suggest that maybe the politics behind it might be bad . 
  if this does n't stop , i will literally refuse to even exhibit the slightest bit of human decency . 
  my views are very neutral and rational though . '', 
   this prevention campaign tells people with aids to mix it with others . 
  ... it 's telling people to use protection when having sex . 
  i do n't see where you get `` people with aids are encouraged to transmit it to others '' from . 
  yes , at least when `` caring '' means `` giving in to whatever idea the public comes up with '' . 
  the public is just that : a bunch of average people . 
  we have governments exactly because it is recognized that the average citizen does not have the competence to make informed political decisions . 
  politicians should n't just be the arm of the people , they should be the ones to make informed decisions based on expertise and inform the public , in an attempt to make them understand the complexities of politics . 
   why do you want an african looking germany ? 
  because , as you can clearly see here , it makes idiots lose their shit . 
  and also , why not . 
  i really could n't care less how the person looks that they choose to paint in the colours of the german flag . 
  those are all likely french models anyway . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  rather then trying to appease them with populist policies , they should attempt to inform them . 
  it 's not , why should it ? 
  yes . 
  people do n't even bother to read the article . 
  those rules received only apply to swimming pools ; and they 've always applied there ( there may be special days , but those are the exception ) . 
  even with the rest of the article i do n't know what the fucking issue is supposed to be . 
  the nudists requested a privacy screen . 
  not the refugees . 
  ( who , by the way , never seem to request anything - all rules about banning or removing stuff near refugee centers , if they even exist , are made up by officials . ), 
  so no , the story is n't `` row over refugee shelter in germany as nudists are told to cover up '' . 
  it 's `` nudists near refugee center want privacy screen , receive pamphlet that does n't apply to them instead '' . 
  which would of course be utterly nonsensical , since the whole story is . 
  it certainly is a problem that goes way back , but i think it 's much more present these days .
