  which will most likely not even affect the current generations , but the generations to come . 
  whenever we keep things the way they are , it only fuels the belief that this is the only way they can and should be . 
   having homogenous society works for us , it works for you , because this is the kind of society you want to live in . 
  i do n't . 
  again , the immediate effects would be more scary for me then the abstract danger of terrorism . 
   when it happens you ca n't do anything yes , because you , or your country , failed to do what you had to long before that event . 
  and what would that be ? 
   what is actually going through your head . 
  that i consider it utterly idiotic to base your stance on national immigration policy on a county police stations wanted-list . 
   have you written to complain to the australian government about their policy or is it only wrong if the uk does it you hypocrite ? 
  i have not written to anyone and i do not see why i should , since neither the australian nor the british government will stop their bullshit just because some random german dude told them so . 
  but do i oppose australias actions as well ? 
  yes , i do . 
   i actually doubt more people have died falling down the stairs than victims of terrorism in france . 
  i dare to say no . 
  i have n't found a specific source for france , but there 's one for england and wales , which together make up about 55 million of the uks 60 million inhabitants . 
  france has 66 million . 
  in england and wales , 2010 , 655 people have died from falling down stairs . 
  we can presume a similar rate for france , and for it to be somewhat constant throughout the years ; and a bit more total deaths due to the bigger population . 
  152 people died in terrorist attacks in france in 2015 , which made it the deadliest year so far ( not the one with the highest number of attacks though ) . 
  i think we can therefore safely presume that even in 2015 , there were more deaths due to falling down stairs then due to terrorism . 
  honestly , it amazes me how easily some people will throw out an common sense here . 
  me , i honestly do n't care about terrorism . 
  it 's not something that i fear to happen to me any day , and i feel that if it happened to me , it would happen so sudden and unexpected that there would be nothing i could do about it . 
  even with actual terrorist attacks happening , it always remain an incredibly abstract danger to me . 
  the effects i would feel from living in an increasingly authoritarian poland , or a trump-led america , or a great britain that has separated from the eu , that would scare me , that would feel immediate in some way . 
   they 'll normalize demographic replacement at least try to avoid this bullshit if you want to come acros as a sensible moderate . 
  problem is that the people who are either dumb enough or fascist enough to make those statements tend to represent those and are elected by those who are just as much , if not more . 
   showing why there is good reason to believe that the specific type of romanians currently coming to the uk , ie poor criminals failed by romania itself , are disproportionately resorting to crime you showed us that the wanted-list list of your local county police station contains eastern european names , besides all the other names , including an awful lot of english ones . 
  do you seriously consider this sound `` evidence '' to proclaim that ukips policy proposals are legitimate ? 
   any basic vetting process would be able to determine if he is lying about his place of origin . 
  look at differences in language and a couple of simple culture questions . 
  that would mean having sufficiently qualified experts . 
  which we do n't have , because it would mean spending money . 
  you 'll be lucky to find case handlers speaking english at a comprehensible level . 
  and who represents `` their country '' ? 
  assad ? 
  one of the countless rebel factions ? 
  the shiite militias killing sunnis or even isis itself for protecting those sunnis from the militias ? 
  the kurds ? 
  which of the kurds ? 
   and of course if you 'd like to directly address the problem you 'd be labeled with those buzzwords . 
  no , only when you do it in a very specific way that justifies using those `` buzzwords '' . 
  for whom should they fight ? 
  you know , i find it scary that this passes as newsworthy , that this kind of statement is considered necessary in any way . 
  of course the uk will leave the single market - that 's just what logically follows when they leave the eu . 
  they do n't get a separate choice for that . 
  this feels like explaining to the people what they have voted for after they have done so . 
  it 's like one month after joining the iraq war , someone would have proclaimed `` we 'll also have to fight them now '' . 
  i find that interesting , because the first true post-brexit generation wo n't really have their fathers to blame - those will likely be the youth of today , who have voted remain . 
  that puts them in an especially dumb position where they are fucked from both directions ; because not only have their parents ruined a future they might not live to fully experience , their children will also ask them why they were unable to stop it . 
   as a mother she 's more inclined to think about the future and be more cautious . 
  yeah , sorry , but if the brexit-vote shows us anything , then that old people do n't know shit about what young people want and how to make their future any better . 
   what exactly is wrong with being proud of your heritage ? 
  what is not ? 
   it will be interesting to see what the reaction will be in the uk if and when that happens . 
  i can tell you what the reaction will be : `` damn brussels bureaucrats !, 
  they just treat us like this because they hate how great we are ! '', 
  i do not expect any truly convinced brexit-voter to actually change their mind and consider that maybe their decision was idiotic . 
   `` she possibly has nieces , nephews , lots of people , but i have children who are going to have children who will directly be a part of what happens next , '' she was quoted as saying in an article headlined : `` being a mother gives me edge on may '' . 
  i 'm telling you , as a mother , i 'm significantly more qualified to ruin everyones future with shortsighted populism whose eventual consequences i will not live to see . 
  i 've been doing that to my children for years !, 
  brexit-voters be like `` what ? 
  we ca n't just get ' a good deal ' totally biased towards us because deals still need to be mutually agreed on ? 
  then what did we even vote for ? '', 
  if you somehow see a strawman here , then i really ca n't help you . 
  this is what i said about the `` specific context '' that i 'm talking about :  the fact that it even comes up in a thread like this , which has nothing to do with the original context , but where it is merely used as a `` oh no the leftists are the real oppressors '' , illustrates that current use . 
  so no , this is not about the `` specific context '' of `` the festival that the article talked about '' . 
  it 's the `` specific context '' of `` events having nothing to do with cultural relativism towards islamism , but perceived oppression by alledged ` leftists ' '' . 
  ... and why exactly did you expect it to ? 
  i said that breitbart is one of the sites using the phrase . 
  no that it talked about this specific piece of news using the term . 
  i think breitbart would be a the most well known example , and then the more obscure pundits in it 's wider sphere of influence , be it on youtube , twitter or countless alt-right blogs . 
  and as i said , in this specific context , it is used solely by those - although of course , one has to admit that the new right is not a closed and clearly separated school of thought , so the addendum `` and those adjacent to it '' . 
  it may have originated in a more moderate context , and i do not doubt that people who believe themselves to be leftist might continue using it , but that does n't change the current context . 
  apart from the fact that nawaz background is itself questionable , the origin is not really relevant for the current use . 
  the fact that it even comes up in a thread like this , which has nothing to do with the original context , but where it is merely used as a `` oh no the leftists are the real oppressors '' , illustrates that current use . 
  the `` regressive left '' is a boogeyman for the new right to proclaim itself the `` true '' progressives . 
  edit : comments prove my point . 
  yes , there is indeed a multitude of schools of thought rooted in leftism , some of which can be defined as conservative or outright reactionary . 
  it does n't make `` the regressive left '' any less of a boogeyman solely used by the new right . 
  it 's not a christian symbol in the strictest sense . 
  it 's based on the cross of the teutonic order who were indeed a christian theocracy , but secularized during the reformation into the duchy of prussia , which eventually entered a personal union with brandenburg , leading to the creation of the kingdom of prussia , which much later unified germany . 
  it saw continued use in nazi germany as the well known iron cross , with a swastika added on it . 
  hitlers stance towards christianity was also more complicated , but that 's a different story . 
  the point remains that if they used the swastika flag , they would risk their games getting banned in germany . 
  you forgot the worst atrocity here : the daily mail has lauded it 's own writers as `` incomparable '' on the cover . 
  i mean , it 's technically accurate , but still . 
  you know , at this point i wonder about the story about some guy meeting johnson on the train on the day of the referendum asking him about the vote , where johnson said that he thought he lost anyway . 
  i 'm now wondering whether this truly was because he expected to lose the referendum , or whether he had a rare moment of sanity where he recognized that no matter what , he ca n't win . 
  i think that unlike farage , who i believe to be a fully dogmatic leaver , johnson still saw this as a method of political leverage . 
  essentially , trying to play the game that cameron began but eventualy noticed to be incredible dangerous for some longer , to reap some more concessions by the eu . 
  if that was the plan here it would be quite clear towards the end that it would not work out . 
  notice the open letter that urged cameron not resign even if leave wins . 
  i mean , sure , cameron will go down in history as the pm that brought the referendum . 
  but whoever succeeds him will be known as the pm that had to handle the consequences of it , and unlike cameron , they 'll be known to have supported the choice in question . 
  i think history might look very positively towards cameron as the man who stepped down due to his belief in european unity - likely even overshadowing that he started the whole leverage-through-referendum-threat in the first place . 
  also :  russian president vladimir putin said the decision showed the uk 's unhappiness with migration and security you know , putin is kinda cute . 
  evil dictator-cute , but still , cute . 
  on the one hand , he wants to be a real edgelord here , on the other hand , he just ends up proclaiming what everyone already knew anyway .
