   `` democracy is shitty when its results do not align with my beliefs '' . 
  no , democracy is shitty when it decides on issues that should be basic tenets of democracy , such as universal suffrage , freedom from slavery , votes counting equally , etc. 
  by your logic , an absolute monarchy would be a great democracy that just happens to only have a single voter who democratically decides to not give anyone else the vote . 
   they should have been banned after the cold war the same way the nsdap was banned after wwii . 
  for what ? 
  being sort-of-leftish ? 
  that is , thankfully , no crime in germany . 
   it is democratic . 
  they voted on universal suffrage several times , and vote was against . 
  yeah , sorry to dissapoint , but that might be kind of a shitty definition for democracy then . 
   older generations are pro catholic , and have very conservative views on everything . 
  yes , exactly that . 
  i presume that the the primary reason is the economic one , but seriously , with a government like that , i would get the hell out of it no matter what . 
  it 's for the same reason that i simply ca n't imagine living in the us no matter how much better the pay there would be . 
   only the neofascists ? 
  the neofascists will disagree and blame you for `` making the word ` fascism ' lose all meaning '' . 
  which is the fucking problem , how many people would proudly wear the label extremist ? 
  even the actual , historical fascists did n't seen themselves as such . 
   so bascially everyone that had no clue what to vote for voted pirates and now they are just randomly voting for other parties ? 
  it 's the whole common problem : it 's a new party , so people vote out of protest , and it 's a new party , so lots of different people flock to it . 
  i mean , you can hate state surveillance , and thus enter such a party , but that really does n't tell much about whether you also want to take in refugees . 
  so when they notice that they ca n't make it their personal platform for all of their beliefs , they leave for other parties more aligned with them . 
   a muslim driving a gay pride parade ? 
  do you really buy into that ? 
  then supporting safe spaces ? 
  are you guys this gullible ? 
  so you 're saying we 're naive because we do n't hold your incredibly narrow world view that muslims ca n't be left wingers ? 
  well there is obviously a divide between east and west like with anything , but i still think we should n't underestimate the danger from young reactionaries , even in the west . 
  and yes , one might argue that the identitarian movement is rather small , but it 's also a dedicated activist group . 
  their activism is quite dumb , but the ability to actually rally people to participate in such dumb events is already concerning . 
  well , part of the problem is that we had those `` the conservatives will just die out eventually '' ideas for years . 
  it did n't work for cdu , i doubt it will work for afd . 
  they are actually doing rather well with young people . 
  or just look at the identitarian movement . 
  there is definitely potential for movements that are young , yet reactionary . 
  i could just dislike both , you know . 
  i have just had that discussion in the other comment chain . 
  is it really so hard to consider that maybe no one tried hiding anything , instead of believing that they 're so incredibly bad at it that they make it look exactly like they never even tried ? 
  well about 14 % seem to do . 
  the majority seems to very much disagree . 
   the cdu shifted to the left and the void they left behind was filled by the afd . 
  merkel pushed cdu to the left where it was opportune , and that has lead to massive gains 2013 compared to 2009 . 
  she had the backing of the public for conscription and nuclear power back then . 
  but now everybody is always just talking about immigration , so what once benefitted the cdu is now hurting them . 
  and they 're stuck in that sort of dilemma because pushing to the right there might easily mean that they wo n't gain anything back from afd , but lose the part of the party that supports merkel . 
  of course they will . 
   so , they 're less extreme than most muslim countries . 
  why do you expect me to not hate them based on the fact that they might possibly be slightly better then islamists ? 
   after international media blew the lid the ones being afraid of backlash had something they could point to just in case . 
  yeah , it 's only because international media reported it after learning it through ... 
  i do n't know , i guess dpa ( german press agency ) . 
  they would have been able to keep it secret if it was n't for international media !, 
  damn you , international media !, 
  ... and that bias leads to exactly what . 
  because as you just said , it evidently ends with ... reporting on the crimes anyway ? 
  at least with a story like rotterham i can see where it is coming from because they genuinely kept it down . 
  the whole `` lying press '' - accusation against german media on the other hand , especially in regards to new years eve in cologne seems to just tell me that if they have a bias , they are really bad at exhibiting it . 
   oh , i do n't think it is a conspiracy . 
  conspiracy needs intelligent people making intelligent decisions but we are dealing with journalists here . 
  you know , at least normally conspiracy theorists do n't even get to the point of `` if they are intelligent enough to make up such a thing , why can an idiot by me look right through it '' . 
  but you somehow manage to make it even worse with the idea of , oh no , the journalists , they try to , but they 're idiots , unlike you !, 
  you look right through it !, 
  a true hero of our times . 
   tiny outlets barely have a reach outside of their district s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung reported on it on 2nd of january . 
  s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung is one of the biggest daily newspapers in germany . 
  did it all happen somewhat slowly ? 
  yes . 
  where there some questionable decisions when judging the relevance of the reports ? 
  yes . 
  was there some weird conspiracy to `` keep it down '' ? 
  no , definitely not . 
  which happened on new years eve , was first reported on 1st january locally , one day later in some papers , and another 2 days later on a broad level nationally . 
  so on monday . 
  so if they tried to hide it they managed to do so for ... the weekend where no one worked . 
  really effective . 
  you might want to come up with actual examples . 
   but it is factually correct that the press and even police have been holding back information and coverage . 
  then how do we know about it ? 
  oh right . 
  because the press reported it . 
  again , go forward with your great theory , see what people think about it . 
  i mislead people because i point out that hitler had the support of german conservatives and they shared ideological roots ? 
  but you know , maybe you 're right . 
  i suggest you go to / r/askhistorians and present your `` fascism has nothing to do with conservatism '' theory , lets see whether they agree . 
  i suggest you look up the actual history of how hitler came into power before you base your idea that fascism and conservativism have nothing to do with one another on nothing but the fact that `` churchill and de gaulle fought the nazis '' . 
  we did listen to the people , but we concluded that they are idiots . 
   right-wing social conservative maybe . 
  so , only the backers of national socialism . 
  what a relief . 
  oh no , a random dude on the internet has told women that he thinks that what they think is stupid . 
  feminism is dead !, 
  i would support it , but it would need some sort of common political basis . 
  right now , europe is too divided . 
  i also think it should be one of the lesser projects , there 's bigger issues right now . 
  they probably will for some time , yes . 
   if this fails forcibly repatriate them on military transports , if morocco fires on our transports , fire back . 
  there is no way how this could possibly go wrong . 
  it 's safe to assume everybody there was drunk , maybe excluding the police . 
  maybe . 
   try to reverse the situation and maybe you will get it .
