  but nationalism is trying to take this to irrational extremes , and it 's not about giving credit but taking credit . 
  goethe did n't tell me `` thank you / u/doldenberg for existing , i could n't have written faust without you '' because , you know , he was dead before i was born . 
  nor did the peasant on the field think `` i 'm working here so that some duke may take my money and pay some artist '' . 
  none of this has anything to do with nations or ethnicities . 
  goethe would have been just as successful if the russian czar had funded him with money from the russian people . 
  and it would matter just as little for what russians two hundreds years later can reasonably be proud of . 
  sorry , but i just honestly do n't need this . 
  no one does . 
  if you accomplish something , you can be proud of it . 
  do n't try to take credit for other peoples work because you 're too pathetic to do something by yourself . 
  it does n't need to be equivalent to what those people before you did . 
  literally everything you can possibly be proud of is more worthy then `` i happened to be born in the same country as this famous person '' . 
  get a hobby , find a skill you 're good at and use it . 
  nationalism is the cheap solution for mindless worker drones whose only life goals were to find a well-paying job to feed a family you just sort of think you need . 
  those are the people who never asked themselves `` what do i really want ? '', 
  or `` am i an interesting person ? 
  '' , and that 's why they need to resort to the idea that they can somehow take credit for other peoples accomplishments , even the accomplishments of those long dead . 
  no , i just try to gain value from my own accomplishments instead of taking the credit for other peoples work . 
  you should try it . 
  it can be very depressing at first but very rewarding as soon as you actually find something of value in your life . 
   germany can take them all , at least german laws allow for it , as long as refugees manage to illegally cross its borders . 
  indeed , but there is a difference between what the law allows and what is actually possible . 
   tell me , which country is willing to accept significant number of them ? 
  none that i know of . 
  yes , and that is exactly what i mean . 
  it 's such a pathetic idea based on such forced ideas of how society operates . 
  goethe was n't funded by the `` german people '' , he was funded by aristocrats . 
  the peasant on the field did n't think `` oh , i sure am funding some great philosophers and artists here '' . 
  and even if , how is this anything to be proud of . 
  the peasant on the field could n't take responsibility for goethe 's accomplishments and i , hundreds of years later , can certainly do even less so . 
  great works of art and science are n't dependent on individual money - they could do just the same if it was n't german people funding them - but dependent on individual great minds and ideas . 
  that 's what i meant : it 's so pathetic , so arbitrary . 
  it asks me to feel proud of things i have nothing to do with , and as if this was n't idiotic enough in itself , it then asks me to forget about the bad things ( that i also have nothing to do with , but if i am somehow supposed to be proud of the former , why not ashamed of the latter ? ) . 
  i have no accomplishments by myself , so i 'll now claim responsibility for the ones of people more successful then me , simply because we happened to be born in the same country . 
  i mean sorry , but i just do n't see the point . 
  you and i both know that germany alone ca n't take in 60 million refugees . 
  that 's what we need an european or even international solution for . 
   not at all . 
  the point of helping refugees is preventing death or harm , not transforming them into new productive germans . 
  yeah sorry , but then this does n't work . 
  if we only want to provide the bare minimum , then we 're breeding the next generation of isis fighters . 
   that 's not the purpose of helping refugees in war time ... what makes you think we can solve local problems ? 
  then the argument `` we should close the borders and instead solve the local problems '' is entirely void . 
   it 's not about helping them at all is it ? 
  no , it 's exactly about that . 
  but evidently our oh so great western society has not yet progressed to the point where `` we should help those in need '' is self-evident . 
  if the only way to get our countries to help is to put this sort of pressure on them , then sadly this is how it needs to be done . 
   seriously , what is wrong with that ? 
  i just do n't see any reason why i should be proud of germany or proud of being a german . 
  or accordingly , for anyone else to be proud of their country or of being born there . 
  it 's so arbitrary , so pointless , so pathetic . 
  well , that obviously wo n't work . 
  the only feasible solution would be a european distribution system . 
  but i 'd honestly rather see this country collapse attempting to do the right thing then decide to do the wrong thing . 
  sadly , this decision was already made . 
   you can not make housing appear out of nowhere there 's enough housing for the current amount of refugees , it 's just not getting used . 
  this is also part of the artificial-problem-thing : we knew that the refugees would come , yet refused to prepare for it , and now politicians cry that we ca n't handle that . 
  you ca n't let people make politics on the level of `` i 'll close my eyes until the problems go away '' and let them get away with it . 
   if more and more keep coming then you 'll constantly be playing catch up unless you 're willing to dedicate most of your society to the effort and treat it essentially like a total war type situation . 
  that 's why we need an european distribution scheme . 
  but yes , we 'll also need to treat it as a problem that needs everyone 's involvement . 
  we did this before , we can do it again . 
   nationalism does not mean that you go and invade other countries . 
  and it does n't need to . 
  it 's still shit . 
  a stable , democratic government confirming basic human rights and standards for a state , for example concerning secularism , civil rights , etc. 
  if smaller terror cells are still active , a internationally mandated peacekeeping mission ensuring basic safety . 
  economically , the guarantee that people have sufficient access to basic necessities like clean water , food and shelter . 
  but i think it 's hard to make a generalized statement here , it would need a case by case evaluation . 
  for example , if such a reformed state formerly in crisis acted like , say turkey in domestic policy , i would say that it still needs time . 
  but i would n't consider turkey itself a state dangerous enough right now to give it 's inhabitants a general right to asylum elsewhere . 
  the issue of sending people back is also complicated . 
  obviously , to rebuild a state , you 'll already need volunteers - i do not doubt that there are enough people to do this , but as i said above , before letting them rebuild the country we need to ensure a certain security from the military perspective ( which is why i consider the whole `` why are n't they fighting for / rebuilding their country '' - logic exhbited by some opponents of immigration to be idiotic : you ca n't rebuild a country with the bombs still falling and deciding not to fight for anyone in a conflict full of questionable parties is hardly a bad decision ) . 
  but even though people returning should be the rule , some will want to stay here . 
  in this case , they should also get the chance if they 're well-integrated . 
  in general , i think this should be a long term-investment for the international community , and it will be a costly one ; not just `` lets bomb the country to the ground , then send the refugees there so we do n't need to bother anymore '' . 
  that means military support , financial support and political support on a major scale ; preceded by major educational efforts while people are seeking refuge here , as to ensure that a new generation will carry the democratic state ideologically . 
   and you think the way to do that is to open up borders and subsidize their existence in your high cost-of-living country ? 
  well , it is true that there are some legitimate economic concerns at hand here . 
  but i also think that this whole `` high cost of living '' - logic is somewhat faulty . 
  we 're acting as if other countries are magically able to provide a comparable standard of living for a fraction of the price . 
  but taking examples like libanon , those are only able to handle the amount of refugees they do because they do absolutely nothing for them . 
  and the whole `` lets help them in local camps '' therefore does n't work really , since to actually make those camps resemble humane standards will hardly be cheap . 
  at least by bringing them to europe , we have existing infrastructure to use . 
   i mean one obvious thing that closed borders do is free up resources for you to help many more people in the country of origin , if helping people is your goal . 
  and that , again , does n't really work . 
  we 've had closed borders before and now we have closed borders again . 
  are there any real attempts to actually solve the local problems ? 
  no , we just pay some middle-eastern autocrats to keep the refugees off our lawn , we drop a few bombs on syria , and that 's it . 
  i 've already said it : we need the refugees . 
  we need them to be a burden on our countries because no one will otherwise bother to actually do anything . 
  both , as i said elsewhere . 
  while people need refuge , we provide them refuge . 
  then we attempt to solve the local problems . 
  not really germany in particular , just generally everyone who is able to help . 
  and for that , i ca n't really offer you an explanation . 
  i consider it an axiom of my ethics that whoever is able to help should help . 
   my point is that many people think that their state is there for the benefit of its own citizens , not as some kind of global charity . 
  yes , and i consider this an utterly hypocritical stance . 
  that is what i meant when i said `` why am i somehow obliged to care for people i just do n't give a fuck about ?
