  and now idiots are crying to again enforce that very convention as if it was even possible . 
  i care about where those people come from . 
  i could n't give less of a fuck about where they crossed through . 
   german media got you by the balls mate . 
  uh noes the leftist media here let me show you a video by deathofeurope88, 
  this post shows how ridiculous the whole concept of `` they have to adapt to our culture '' is right now . 
  the best you could come up with were `` cute dirndl '' , `` going to the pub '' and `` volkslieder '' ? 
  that 's what you think integration should consist of ? 
  i agree that we need such a thing as `` leitkultur '' . 
  but unsurprisingly , the people whining about it the loudest are the ones who would themselves need it most . 
   `` if the choice was between muslim immigration and preserving liberal moral values , '' i asked , `` which would you choose ? '' they both denied the question 's premise . 
  yes , of course they did . 
  because the premise is fucking dumb . 
  those `` if you could only choose between x and y '' are the bread and butter of edgelords who consider themselves important . 
  by an incredibly stupid definition , probably . 
  that 's a different topic , we talked about the right of such countries to exist because people might `` choose '' to live in them . 
  but in the vast majority of cases , that choice is n't actually there , by the very nature of those systems . 
  that is why even if someone might want to live in such systems , they can have no justification to exist . 
  they 're not leaving them in warzones , they 're leaving them in barely livable camps in bordering nations like turkey or libanon because they 're ever so slightly better then the dangerous voyage to europe . 
  the ones in dire need who want to get here , yes . 
  for all the others , we should help them to get a higher living standard in their country . 
  they do n't actually have that choice , you 're aware of that , right ? 
  i assume you 're not dumb , so tell me how you expect someone to go directly from a warzone to sweden . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not like those people are any less in need then others . 
  well , by saying that it is a good decision to live in such a country , you 're giving such a country a justification to exist - because some might want to live in such a country . 
  that means that you implicitly support the existence of autocratic regimes . 
   you are literally saying living in sweden is worse than a warzone , i 'd like to see that part quoted . 
  cultural relativism wheeew, 
  you 're delusional . 
  people do n't suddenly stop having needs or interests because they 're fleeing war . 
  people might be fine with existing for the moment , but after they 've escaped from the warzone it 's perfectly understandable that they also want to live . 
  so you 're fine with autocratic regimes as long as you do n't live in one ? 
  how dare you bring actual experience with refugees to the table !, 
  downvotes for you , mister !, 
   how does he think natives get a well-paid job ? 
  through connections from their rich parents . 
  the mess with suspending family reunification , for syrians at that - germany has done it as well - shows the utter hipocrisy of our politicians . 
  first we complain about only young men coming , then we explicitly forbid the others from coming . 
  i do n't think the problem is actually there . 
  european federalists are more then that , and they 're also not a unified group . 
  i assume that there are conservative federalists , not just progressive ones . 
  so that sort of means that those identities are already defined , and i therefore do n't really get what you expect . 
  look at parties supportive of european federalism , how exactly would you say that they have failed to define such an european identity ? 
  i actually find them somewhat rare these days . 
  i 've seen them in student dorms and some restrooms , but those are all easily from the early 90s ; and never on the outside . 
  they 're like that old bubblegum dispenser in town that has probably not been used for over 15 years , and definitely not been refilled . 
  it 's still taking deutsche mark i think . 
   because companies will abuse this to hell and back . 
  that 's why we have minimum wage . 
  with the current system you 're more likely to land in such an abusive job , due to the huge amount of pressure that the current systems puts on you . 
  if everyone is guaranteed their basic income , you 're free to look for jobs with terms that are actually decent . 
  yes , the rent . 
  but not the rest of the money . 
  so again , where is the problem . 
  ( and really , where is the problem with rent being spent on that stuff . 
  you spend all your rent money , you ca n't pay rent , you get kicked out . 
  how does this `` bust '' the system ? ), 
  you do n't need to deport people if they go their freely . 
  if they do n't go there freely , ask yourself why not . 
  look at how the whole isis clusterfuck started . 
  the west made a big mess in the middle east and then told people `` well now we 'll give you the freedom to handle it , yay '' . 
  and now again you suggest to put people in the middle of a fucked up country with the vague promise `` we 'll help '' . 
  if we do actually help , they 'll happily return by themselves . 
  if they still do n't want , well , who am i to stop them from staying . 
   it 's good enough - but it can definitely be better . 
  there 's no reason why we should n't have the best education system in europe , but we barely make top 5 well really , i think that this kind of competition only hurts education . 
  imagine if we 're at top . 
  so then the others will say `` well there really is no reason why we should n't be the best ! '', 
  if we aimed at simply having great education , that would be fine . 
  but aiming to come out on top in those statistics is something very different . 
  look at the us reforms in the `` no child left behind '' act , which are broadly considered horrible . 
  the only aim of those was to do well in standardized tests and thus improve their position in those statistics . 
  it 's not downplaying it , it 's reporting that the earlier accusation by germanys idiotic minister of interior that 30 % of syrian passports are fake were hugely overblown . 
  even then , a major part of those fake passports belongs to real syrians . 
  no , this is why we 'll have to slowly help to rebuild their home countries while still taking into account that many of them may have built new lives here . 
  assuming that we can just kick them all out and put them into a desolate country and everything will turn out fine is naive . 
  at the same time , never do ask the same thing in germany as people will definitely tell you about all the stuff you do n't want to hear . 
   it 's about taking a scholarship and arguing against everything it and it 's founder are against . 
  because as i said , no decent person could ever do otherwise . 
  as said , how would anyone ever take a scholarship by cecil rhodes in good faith ? 
  i 'm speaking about those simple , practical concerns . 
  what is the point of a scholarship that no one could take ? 
  he 's taking it because it 's there and if he or no one else took it , it would still be there . 
   i think the real reason you 're not seeing this is because you just agree with the oxford student . 
  i agree with him due to the reasons laid out above ( at least on the rhodes thing , not that thing about the french flag ) , not the other way round . 
  well , then we 're essentially back at the question of good and bad faith . 
  if i 'm a hypocrite for going to a university or benefiting from a scholarship of questionable origins , how can i ever do those in good faith ? 
  by being a racist asshole myself ? 
  or should no one ever do those , then again , what happens to the money/university ? 
  that is the point of progressivism , really . 
  recognizing that the structures we 're living in may be wrong and may need change , no matter whether we benefit from them , whether we choose to live in them or not . 
  see , with the whole idea that it can by hypocritical to criticize something solely because i chose to encounter it , you 're effectively justifying it . 
  you 're implying that saudi arabia somehow has a right to defy human rights . 
  progressivism is the radical notion that tradition does n't justify itself ; that , as said , we do n't need this paradox situation where nobody can benefit from that scholarship in good faith while at the same time insisting that the terms of it have to stay exactly as they are . 
  and how is this any different from the current situation ? 
  you can spend all your welfare on alcohol and cigarettes already . 
   second thing , he did n't say or imply that you ca n't criticize governments of countries you do n't live in . 
  where did you get that from , can you highlight the part ? 
  the original argument was more or less that with the government you get , you do n't really have a choice ; but with a university you do .
