  that 's why fundamentalist christians from germany flee to france or simply register their place of residence there to avoid the ban on homeschooling or to avoid prosecution for abusing their kids . 
  `` no no no , i did n't mean that !, 
  there are good blacks too !, 
  some of my best friends are black !, 
  they 're the good ones ! '', 
   which can not receive state support under french law . 
  which is why french laicism just does n't work . 
  how would you possibly attempt to control religious institutions when they are completely separated from the state ? 
  laicism breeds radicalisation . 
   there is very little racism toward black people here in the uk . 
   they enjoy [ ... ] being a victim, 
  are you seriously arguing `` we do n't have a problem with racism , because others have done worse '' ? 
  do you notice that this is exactly what turkey is trying right now ? 
  well , austria does indeed have a major problem with racism . 
  which of course does n't justify the childish behavior that turkeys government is showcasing those days . 
   `` so far we have found no evidence of radicalisation that would suggest that the man in our custody is in any way motivated by terrorism . '', 
  so , i 'm obviously not even a native speaker , but that sounds wrong . 
  first , i would assume that attacks ca n't be ` motivated ' by terrorism , but only ` be ' terrorism ( since terrorism is not a cause in itself , but a method ) . 
  i also wonder about ` radicalisation ' : should n't it be ` radical thought ' , since radicalisation is merely the process , while radical thought the observable result of that ? 
  ( and at least in german , that is an important distinction to set apart people who have radicalised at some later point from those who have already been radical before a certain point ), 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the research is inconclusive . 
  but as said , where are we supposed to draw the border . 
  if you expect me to support deportations of people you do not happen to like for various reasons , why do you think i 'd stop there . 
  but the country might eventually become quite empty after that . 
   you remove ethnicities that have a statistical propensity towards crime . 
  all ethnicities do . 
  edit : oh no , he implied that native europeans commit crimes too !, 
  downvote , downvote !, 
  if we deported everyone who `` does n't belong here '' based on the crimes commited by people who we think are somehow similar to them , our countries would be empty . 
   it 's impssible to give the same benefits everywhere . 
  it 's not , at least not in general . 
  it is with the current economical model . 
  i guess you 'll be downvoted for this , but it is sadly the truth . 
  people only ever see the kind of reporting as `` neutral '' that favors their side . 
  it has repeatedly come up in germany , because the whole `` lying media '' thing seems to be one of the core tenets of the right wing populist movements we see right now . 
  people complain about mainstream media - which obviously is n't perfect - but then use either obscure conspiracy blogs with no editorial oversight , or rt , or publications with a clear and publicly proclaimed agenda . 
  simply because those tend to agree with them , and therefore , they must be `` balanced '' . 
  that 's the ones i meant , they make up the majority of people with eastern and especially russian heritage . 
  people who came here without any german background are rarer . 
  there simply are n't enough of those to cause this huge difference by themselves . 
  so it 's most likely due to a general pro-putin sentiment in certain circles . 
  it should be mentioned that those same circles also have a huge overlap with eurosceptics - who obviously would n't want russia to join the eu , despite supporting it otherwise . 
  why am i not surprised that arutz scheva will base an article on a youtube video from a known propaganda account . 
  + + + le pen declares second vichy republic , swears allegiance to germany . 
  + + + ` did n't actually want half of france , but we wo n't complain . 
  ' , merkel says . 
  i have no idea about slovakian laws , but if they are a militia , as in , a paramilitary unit , should n't they be banned as an organization in the first place ? 
  i actually find it concerning that russia does better than turkey by such a large margin in germany , but also partly elsewhere . 
  at least with turkey , one can assume some major support from the turkish population . 
  but the russian population is no nearly big enough to explain this major difference . 
   and then tell me there is not a problem right there at least with this aspect of islam why should i , there obviously is . 
  the problem is what you take away from it . 
  how will it influence your ideas on immigration policy , freedom of religion , civil rights , etc. 
  the discussion was not about all possible options though - it was about `` cheaper alternatives '' . 
  in other words , whether an option is cheap might not be a very good determinator for whether it is actually good . 
   not counting munich shooting which was technically not islamist what do you mean with `` technically '' . 
  it simply was n't . 
  yes , i heard gas is very cheap those days . 
  oh no , it 's definitely not a sign of intelligence , i agree . 
  the fact that everybody who bothers being proud of heritage tends to be an idiot does obviously not mean that others ca n't be too . 
   i forgot that carrying flags in the country is almost considered a crime . 
  no , just a sign that you do n't have anything intelligent to say . 
  no , but i do n't see how this is relevant to my point . 
  neither terrorists as individuals nor terrorists as a group have any political power . 
   and groups who are looking like this are flesh-driven immature hippies looking for sex and not interested in jobs and future ... not . 
  if you seriously think that the leap from `` a dancing woman '' to that is equally big or even smaller than `` they carry flags , badly made right-wing posters and conspiracy theorist-magazine-covers '' to `` they 're idiots '' , you might be closer to the islamist mindset than you think . 
  i do not judge people on how they look , i judge them on what they do . 
  in this case , carrying flags , heavy handed posters and the covers of one of the biggest conspiracy theorist-magazines in this country . 
  wall just got 10 feet lower . 
  no , it means `` parade of love '' . 
  who would possibly call something `` move of love '' ? 
  sure we 're german , but i assure you , we do have something resembling aesthetics !, 
  the group you 're talking about looks like [ this ] ( http://www.bz-berlin.de/media/demonstrationen-zum-thema-fluechtlinge-11 ) . 
  groups that look like this tend to consist entirely of idiots . 
  yes . 
  terrorists are , at the end of the day , still just terrorists . 
  they resort to violence because they have no other option , no political power . 
  a bad government on the other hand can fuck up a damn lot very easily , and they might even have broad support in doing so . 
  certainly reasonable , but everyone knows fully well that this is n't what is on most peoples mind when they talk about changes to government policies these days . 
  it 's migration policy . 
  it 's migration policy all the fucking time . 
  i find it to be bad practice that the article keeps mentioning munich without at any point making clear that this was not an islamist attack ; nor mentioning the number of victims ( nobody died in the islamist attacks ) . 
  it makes other errors , such as saying that the attacker in the w\u00fcrzburg train was `` knife wielding '' . 
  technically correct , but he never used the knife , he attacked people with an axe . 
  i do not think what maajid nawaz is or was does automatically make his statements any truer . 
  if he keeps insisting that there is some weird collective ignorance or even active denial of `` islams link to terror '' , while he is effectively making a career out of talking about that , then i will call him a hypocrite for it . 
  ** how to know somebody who talks about the supposed ignorance of an issue is talking out of his ass : ** they have made a career out of talking about this supposed ignorance all day . 
   how could terrorism happen without the religion which inspires it ? 
  i interpret `` without '' as `` without '' not as `` with less '' . 
  and you still do n't explain why we would even want to limit the `` growth '' of islam . 
  we have freedom of religion here , and it certainly is n't part of that to limit the `` growth '' of those religions . 
  indeed they did , but that still means that you ca n't just sweepingly declare those people of supporting a dictatorship . 
  they are effectively doing so , but they consider themselves democrats nonetheless . 
  you might notice how erdogan supporters will hardly consider themelves `` anti-democracy '' . 
  erdogan very much tries to present himself as a democrat . 
   but there simply are no reasons to ban demonstrations demanding restricted immigration policy . 
  there would certainly be reasons that politicians could use to justify it . 
  those kind of rallies are the biggest contributing factor to germany 's massive drop in the press freedom index due to repeated attacks on journalists . 
  it would probably not hold in the constitutional court in the long term , but neither would a ban of the pro-erdogan rally .
