  either let them cross peacefully or escalate it and hold them back by force . 
  sure , the primary concern there was that it would look bad , but maybe we have to consider that it would also have been objectively wrong . 
  if we want to look at the more abstract level , the situation was also escalating through the moronic dublin regulations which put the entire burden of the crisis on the southern countries . 
  in that regard , the very reason for hungary even getting hit that hard was that greece had already collapsed at that point . 
  you 're right , there 's some problems there . 
  unemployment in the east is still much higher than in the west . 
   which is why politicians should act on whatever actually makes sense instead of chasing poll numbers . 
  and it would have made sense to just let the situation in hungary escalate ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  luckily , criminal justice does n't work based on the `` reasonable assumptions '' of some idiots on the internet . 
  it does not . 
   it does initially look like the parents have been at least negligent in adequately looking after their child no , it looks like you 're desperately trying to assert your own intelligence here by acting like you know it all . 
  you , i and everybody else here know basically nothing about this case . 
  so i really have no idea how you can be so confident in declaring that his parents should have known . 
  german courts have already established before that parents can reasonably not be expected to completely control their kids lives , especially from certain ages onwards . 
  so the question of whether they actually neglected their duties is for the courts to decide , not for you , the random expert on the internet . 
  yes , as long as everytime something like this happens people start random and pointless speculation , there will be users pointing out that this is random and pointless speculation . 
  and what exactly is that freedom ? 
  he put the fillings of some fireworks and some nails in a jar . 
  so either you have some secret proof nobody else evidently has how the parents knew that and ignored it , or you 're talking out of your ass . 
   i just ca n't help thinking that a 12 year old german-iraqi is a lot easier to `` radicalise '' than a 12 year old german . 
  you have n't been to the east then . 
  what level of freedom exactly ? 
  again , we know basically nothing about this . 
  we do n't know whether that kid ran around shouting allahu akhbar , we have no reason to assume so . 
  but obviously , you , behind that pretty computer screen know better . 
  so please , enlighten us . 
   what is beyond me is how did parents overlook something like this , i mean they should know what their child is doing . 
  look at any school shooting . 
  and those might actually be clearer cases . 
  all we know so far is that he built a rather pathetic bomb and some vague statement about him being `` radicalised '' . 
  i do n't assume the 12-year old grew a big bushy beard , so maybe wait for some actual info before delving into speculation how the parents should have been able to spot it . 
   for all we know , the parents might have been very proud of their little martyr who would have brought great honor to the family . 
  yeah , we do n't know , so lets just assume it !, 
   actually its just islam . 
  they dont twist anything . 
  its all in there . 
  they just follow their religion . 
  sure , that 's why every muslim is a terrorist . 
  welcome to `` nuanced opinions 101 '' , a course repeatedly failed by reddit . 
   or maybe they rejected the far right because they did n't like all the hatred and vitriol they spew ? 
  i mean , they `` rejected '' them by a margin of 3 % . 
  that is n't very much . 
  the fact that 46 % actually wanted hofer is still deeply troubling . 
  well , germany only fully decriminalized gay sex in 1994 , so that 's actually part of the timeline . 
  i mean , it 's kind of obvious by now that whenever some supposed anti-establishment right wing populist talks about `` fighting corruption '' they just mean replacing people they do n't like with their own people . 
  look at how great trumps `` draining the swamp '' currently goes . 
  and i think the voters actually buy it because that is what many of them mean as well when they talk about corruption : simply people they do n't happen to like . 
  i 'll wait until someone brings up jews and they just backpedal immediately , thinking , oh no , we just wanted to fuck over muslims . 
   however the european banks that france and germany bailed out were not run by jews . 
  also , the majority of the massive banks on the us are not run by jews either . 
  i doubt that anti-semites really care that much . 
   no , we do n't . 
  if you vote for anyone else but afd next year , you are a traitor , just as merkel is . 
  i take that as a compliment . 
   and a populace that says ` no ' to far-right populism . 
  ha , we wish . 
   it will most likely change in the near future . 
  it will not . 
  we 've hoped for that for years . 
  the people who voted against making marital rape illegal 20 years ago are still sitting in parliament today . 
  when looking at the ju , the cdu youth organization , there seems to be no shortage of young conservatives to replace those . 
   bannon is on a leave of absence because of his duties in the election and white house . 
  he is n't running breitbart . 
  and trump puts all his assets into a blind trust run by his kids . 
  same shit . 
   so disabling the comments and/or ignoring their opinion does more harm than good they do n't just suddenly stop voting for brexit or trump with comments enabled . 
   this will just lead to more trumps . 
  people thinking like you will lead to more trumps . 
  and i think that the risk of a war with russia is such a small issue anyway that one really should n't base their choice of president on it , especially not when the very same president who is supposedly less likely to start a war with russia has had a much more pronounced war mongering rhetoric against basically everyone who is n't russia . 
   the mainstream media , above all , has been monotonous and one-sided in its reporting , essentially telling people how they should think . 
  i seriously ca n't hear this shit anymore . 
  `` the mainstream media '' has for years peddled anti-muslim and anti-immigrant rhetoric . 
  people who made whole careers out of complaining about foreigners have been on public televsion for years . 
  every person who writes any sort of opinion about how the media does n't let them speak up for that very media seems to assume that they 're the first one . 
  they 're not . 
  we 've heard the `` yadda yadda arrogance of the leftist elites '' a hundred times , well before [ whatever current event ] happened . 
   those who want to swim against the current of the mainstream need inner strength . 
  but you are not going against the mainstream !, 
  the whole `` arrogance of leftist elites '' narrative has become the new mainstream !, 
  you pat one another on the shoulder for this deep and thoughtful revelation that almost everyone already agrees on . 
   to paraphrase willy brandt , now might be the time to dare more pluralism . 
  and we do that by listening to those who want an anti-pluralist society ? 
  because that 's what they do . 
  we 're not just speaking about any kind of uprising here , we 're speaking about a very specific kind of it . 
  should n't that somehow matter ? 
  oh , i 'm well aware that people do not like being called idiots . 
  yet treating their concerns as legitimate has not helped either , it has only helped to legitimize them . 
  the truth is that nothing i could possibly say would convince you that trump was the worse choice and nothing you could possibly say could convince me that he was not . 
  that question is very much one of how each of us approaches the world in general , and that is an stance based on far too many factors to be turned around by a single argument , or even the same argument over and over and over again , to be quite honest . 
  yeah , again , if that is your primary concern , you 're kind of an idiot . 
   well , it was as much a middlefinger to hillary as it was to the dnc . 
  it was also a middle finger to the progressive part of america . 
  whether intended or not , it was at least predictable . 
   you may like or you may dislike this approach of voting , but it 's still a perfectly fine and arguably even rational way to go about voting . 
  no , it simply is n't . 
  and i say that as someone who sees clinton as a perfect example of what is wrong with american politics . 
  but never , never would i ever risk someone like getting trump elected . 
  the only way that someone could `` rationally '' consider trump the smaller evil is if their sole political concern is some naive desire of `` sticking it to the establishment '' . 
   but there 's an argument to be made that 4 years of trump is worth it to teach the parties that they ca n't get away with what clinton did i could imagine very few things that would worth four years of trump .
