  why should those resources suddenly disappear ? 
   a non-interventionist principle , probably . 
  then why does this person want `` these people and their culture [ to ] never be dominant in any european country '' ? 
  you consider `` resources '' to be the only thing that makes europe `` the best place to live in the whole world '' ? 
   if taking in refugees could cause ethnic conflicts in europe and increased economic inequality i do not really care about ethnic conflicts and economic equality wo n't happen if we do n't let it happen . 
   what will likely happen instead is a creation of an illegal immigrant underclass , similar to the us . 
  and you may recognize how the people so very concerned about those illegal immigrants there are led by the racist orange clown that half of europe is laughing at . 
   maybe not if we look at it through the eyes of a western european , but it is for a north african refugee . 
  and why exactly should what we consider the bare minimum be any different for europeans than it should be for refugees ? 
   eu run camps would probably be even better than most of these . 
  and again , where are those ? 
  human rights are n't a pie though . 
  the `` value '' of safety or freedom from persecution or the right to free speech does not get `` diminished '' because it is shared by more people then before . 
   eu governments should have primary obligation to protect eu people that is a nationalist views , so you 'll see why i will disagree anyway , but even then , by your own logic , the people of europe have their basic needs covered . 
  so that priority is fulfilled . 
  we can therefore take in refugees . 
   and yes , you can get many things cheaper in africa . 
  you ca n't get things that are n't even there , especially with half of the countries where those camps would need to be built being in turmoil themselves !, 
  do you seriously believe you can get what essentially amounts to building whole cities - which the countries you build them in might want to have a say in - and then provide medical aid , police force , education for any apple and an egg ? 
  do you think the countries in question even have the necessary resources and skilled personnel ? 
  no , we 'll have to ship that in from europe . 
  and guess what , that stuff does n't get cheaper just because you ship it into africa ; it 's gets more expensive . 
   you are commenting on an article which says otherwise . 
  i referred to german politicians , everybody knows that orban will propose every stupid shit all day . 
   you may as well abolish all borders , then . 
  remind me , where did i say `` everybody should be eligible for asylum '' or `` everyone should be able to stay '' ? 
  i said , let the people come here , check whether they have a right to be here , if not , send them back . 
   being a refugee entitles you to reach reasonable safety , have certain basic needs covered , and not much more , period . 
  and if those standards can only be fulfilled in europe , then people need to come to europe . 
  that 's the problem with the whole `` lets put them in regional camps '' argument . 
  it always starts with the `` let 's put them there '' while ignoring the `` are the standards actually sufficient '' . 
  tell me , if those camps are such a great idea , where are they ? 
  if reasonable standards are so easy to reach , why are there so many problems ? 
   when you allow everyone to have a piece of it , that just reduces it 's value , and it ceases to be the best . 
  that 's incredibly stupid , but it also explains certain peoples worldview quite well . 
   i do n't want culture of any european nation to be dominant in any me country either . 
  why ? 
   cultural differences which are a danger to europe if they dont assimilate  economic burden and increased economic inequality if they arent as economically productive as native europeans none of those should have any influence on our decision to take in refugees . 
   it is cheaper per refugee to take care of them in africa so we can help more / spend less because , as we are discussing here , it 's not the same standards . 
  the idea that we can just magically get everything cheaper `` in africa '' is ridiculous . 
  not even our politicians are dumb enough to propose permanent camps down there because they know that it wo n't work . 
  they propose temporary camps to register people and then ship them to europe . 
  and even for that , human rights organizations are already criticizing that it wo n't work . 
   taking care of them in africa means refugees dont have to cross dangerous sea if they want help and it destroys migrant trafficking industry so would offering safe , legal , free passage into europe . 
   how many of 7 billion people in the world reach such standard ? 
  how many of those are refugees ? 
  how many are eligible for asylum ? 
  crimes committed by foreigners are counted separately under a category literally called `` foreigner '' . 
  which is obviously problematic because it just sums up every politically motivated crime committed by `` foreigners '' under one umbrella term . 
   from my experience the gdr did make less of an efford to do something about antisemitism . 
  ( i think it 's due to the fact that you can just say that `` the jews '' are all plutocrats and the only way to fight them is communism ) this is n't about anti-semitism though , but about xenophobia in general . 
  the soviets actually did a lot against fascism - they just did it within the framework of communism . 
  when you hear people in their middle ages in the east complain `` we heard about fascism in school all them time '' , that 's because it actually was like that . 
  history lessons there were heavily focused on nazi times and then mostly party history and stuff like that . 
  but in communist tradition , fascism was seen as an extension of capitalism . 
  and while up until the ' 68-student-movement , the reception of fascism in the west was lacking behind , it was then a more nuanced approach during and afterwards . 
  with that in mind , being a neo-nazi essentially became a form of rebelling against the regime , especially for young people , and with economic hardship and a lack of direction after reunification , it also became sort of a substitute for other forms of community ( like youth clubs ) . 
  this is similar to how the attempts to de-christianize society in poland actually lead to the hardcore-conservative catholicism dominating polish society today . 
  in eastern germany , the de-christianization worked while anti-fascism did backfire . 
   offshore refugee camps are . 
  why ? 
   exceeding the standards of middle east / north africa refugee camps is enough , and i think that would not be hard to do . 
  only standards enabling a dignified human existence are enough . 
  those might me possible in such camps , but it would be incredibly hard . 
  far harder then simply bringing those people to europe , where the appropriate infrastructure already exists . 
  no , according to some very intelligent people i had the pleasure of discussing this with on reddit , the new legislation actually means that now , everybody needs to sign a contract before sex . 
  because reasons . 
  no , i am not saying that only right-wing parties are anti-immigration . 
  i 'm saying that if mostly right-wing parties are , there is something wrong with being anti-immigration . 
  you might notice how the previous referendum by svp passed , while this one did not . 
   then the issue is with abuses in specific australian camps and not with the idea of offshore camps itself . 
  `` the problem is n't with guantanamo itself , it 's what happens there . '', 
  why do you think the offshore camps exist ? 
  exactly because with those camps , it 's significantly cheaper to `` accommodate '' the refugees . 
  and it 's cheaper because you do n't have to keep the same standards . 
   the same with the people from me , lots of safe muslim countries with similar culture not far away such as ? 
  and do those countries then actually take in refugees ? 
  do they guarantee human rights ? 
  no , i would be quite content with ensuring safety for them in europe in general , be it western europe or eastern europe or southern europe . 
  i do n't see why we should complicate this with offshore camps . 
   persecuted in where exactly ? 
  you just spoke of persecuted people yourself . 
  why did you do that if you now say that there are n't even persecuted people to claim asylum ? 
   instead to use proper channels as to go to ambassy and then what ? 
  go home and wait patiently wait for authorities to proclaim that going home is too dangerous for them ? 
   imo for that reason alone they should be denied entry from get go . 
  and again , i really do not care in the slightest . 
  they 're eligible for asylum ? 
  they should gain asylum , no matter what way they came in . 
   wait what ?!, 
  if this is true , it should have been changed a long time ago , for a lot of other reasons than to make sexwork safer . 
  yes , it should have . 
  did not happen though because up until the sexual assaults on new years eve , people simply did n't care . 
  i mean , we needed until 1995 to make marital rape illegal and there are still politicians in parliament today who think that was a bad idea . 
   political asylum if you are persecuted yes , if there is something that persecuted people are known for , then it is their ability to patiently wait for things to get better . 
  but you 're right , there truly is one good way to do this . 
  we let people get here . 
  we offer them free , safe passage to get here . 
  we offer them accomodation . 
  and then , when they 're here , we check whether they are eligible for asylum or have any other reason to stay here .
