  that 's exactly what people have criticized about merkels behavior , goddamnit . 
  the problem is n't that she has done too much for the refugees , but that she has done not enough . 
  she has let them in , but now refuses to provide the appropriate funds to house , educate , etc. 
  them . 
  and now she is already planning more and more restrictions on asylum . 
   extreme political correctness . 
  i find it amazing how different our perspective on , say , gypsies , are . 
  it 's a touchy subject , but nonetheless very actual . 
  that more of an eastern european thing , actually . 
  and finally eradicating the jews solves the problem of anti-semitism , i know . 
   and many people who have migrated are not requesting asylum ( the jungle in calais for instance , or the camps in italy ) because they want to travel elsewhere , and accordingly , without registering , do n't receive any benefits from the state . 
  so they 're irrelevant for this discussion . 
   when there are hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people ( the other 50 % ) migrating from safe areas around the world . 
  sure . 
  syria is literally the only country that is n't safe in the world . 
  seriously , do you even believe your own bullshit when you write it ? 
  edit : and since you ca n't be bothered to put all into one post either :  if you count people from eritrea , somalia , ghana , albania and the like as refugees that all are allowed asylum , you and the entire eu are royally fucked . 
  you ca n't move half the world to europe because the country is n't doing so well . 
  we have 300 thousand people so far . 
  half the world would be 3.5 billion people . 
  slight difference , isnt it . 
   the fact remains that for months and months you were getting 4/5 of hundreds of thousands of migrants not being syrian . 
  first , 30 % is closer to 1/3 then 1/5 . 
  second , syrians are not the only people who have reason to flee from their countries . 
   ( been proven time and time again only 20 % are ) no , 20 % of them are syrians , or rather , were . 
  during the whole year so far , it was actually 30 % syrians , and during october , over 50 % of the people arriving were syrian . 
  this is a classic case of the same number getting thrown around again and again until people stop remembering what it was actually about . 
  `` the issue '' does n't dissappear because you keep it outside your borders . 
   why not turkey or iran , china even ? 
  would you want to live in any of those countries ? 
  sorry , that was a classic case of started a sentence , changed it halfway through , did n't read it again ... 
  i of course meant i sympathize with ypg . 
   the ypg are no saints , but still vastly preferable to the savage hordes they are fighting . 
  and exactly this case of black-and-white thinking is what actively drives this whole fucking conflict . 
  just think of how we consider the shia militias `` the lesser evil '' , despite them actively driving sunni muslims into isis ranks due to the war crimes they 're comitting . 
  that 's the point people simply do n't get about war . 
  any sort of intervention , any sort of support leads to another catastrophe if we do n't hold those people to the highest moral standards . 
  the un and amnesty international are doing so as well , and i consider those quite reputable supra-national organizations . 
  ( you might also notice that countries governments generally chose to ignore the ypg ; since openly supporting the kurds would mean clashing with turkey . 
  you 're right , i too sympathize with the cause of ypg . 
  but i nonetheless understand that people with good causes can still be responsible for warcrimes and human rghts violations , and that people might thus not want to give them a platform . 
  it was so fucking obvious that / r/europe would take this to make cheap `` oh no the evil leftist student unions , they 're sympathizing with isis out of political correctness !, 
  '' , instead of bothering to read the actual article , where the reason cited are concerns about human rights violations by the ypg . 
  people are constantly crossing borders in great numbers , but you would n't call that `` invasion '' , would you . 
  because then , everything is an invasion . 
  edit : and for the second post , the alternative is an european refugee distribution system combined with offical , legal , and thus controllable ways to enter the eu . 
  after that , a sufficiently financed integration and accomodation program . 
  if the islamic invasion was actually real , and even then it would n't be justified if there was an alternative . 
  i seriously do n't get it . 
  you always imagine ireland as this very conservative , religious nation . 
  i mean , seriously , it 's one of the last european countries heavily restricting abortion !, 
  but at the same time , you get shit done that other nations still refuse to do . 
  i mean , it 's great , but it 's also confusing . 
  and somewhat disheartening when i look at my own country , where it seems like our lack of progressive legislation is not driven by genuine opposition , but by indifference to the cause . 
  i wonder whether we actually take that law all that serious here . 
  i remember being to pub with a smoking area and , well , the definition of `` separated '' was very very lose ... ( i was there with colleagues , i do n't smoke myself , and i have to say , i found it absolutely disgusting . 
  i mean , when people smoke outside and you stand besides them , sure , it 's somewhat annoying as well . 
  but at least they 're only smoking . 
  but smoking directly before or after eating , and having the smoke linger during your meal ... yeah , it 's as bad as it sounds . 
  i generally find it horrible when people smoke indoors . ), 
   nope , statistics for 2015 will update next year . 
  are you aware of the concept of `` months '' ? 
  i know it 's a very recent innovation , but nevertheless . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_and_solidarity i mean really , what did i expect ... 
   thats a pretty poor result compared to the amount of effort put in . 
  two thirds atheists and the very meaning of the church in those areas completely shifted ? 
  that 's not what i 'd call a poor result . 
   i doubt that , actual nazis were a minority . 
  oh are n't you adorable . 
   statistics wont update immidiately , the current crisis started just half a year ago . 
  but based on past performance of such immigrants , we can safely say that this will be the result . 
  statistics have already updated . 
  there has been no major increase in crime . 
   its not necessary for all of them to be muslims or islamists , just a significant portion ( which it is ) . 
  the nazis were just a minority . 
  the communists were just a minority . 
  but the islamists totally are a majority , i 'm telling you !, 
   and we are one of the lucky countries to have a moderate centrist anti-immigration party , so its really a no-brainer . 
  just so i know , which party do you even mean ? 
   the important thing is what happens in practice , not on paper . 
  crime always happen in practice . 
   you are seriously overestimating the effectiveness of government integration programs if you think they can solve this problem . 
  cultural engineering does not work very well . 
  40 years of government enforced atheism failed to eliminate christianity from slavic lands . 
  muslim children in britain are more extremist than their parents . 
  i am very pessimistic . 
  last time i looked , eastern germany was two thirds atheists , exactly due to this state enforced atheism . 
  i agree , you 're very pessimistic , and it 's clouding your view of the world . 
  the last big migrant wave to germany numbered millons . 
  and consisted entirely of nazis . 
  the whole country consisted of nazis , actually . 
  if we managed to get past that , we 'll handle a few muslims as well . 
   you dont consider increased extremism or crime rate threatening ? 
  there has been no rise in extremism or crime rate from refugees that would concern me , no . 
  there has been a rise of extremism and terror acts by right-wingers , which does concern me . 
   and even 60 million will definitely lead to formation of immigrant areas where they have local majority and where medieval rules are informally enforced due to community pressure . 
  if all those 60 million actually came , which they do n't and wo n't , and all of them were muslims , which they are n't , and all of those muslims were also islamists , which they are n't either . 
  in other words , again , you 're afraid of some hypothetical boogeyman , yet will gladly ignore and even support the very real and immediate trend of national conservatism . 
  yes . 
  that 's a basic reality we should finally be able to accept .
