its equivalent in english might be , ` dead in the water ' . 
   i 've heard many cases when there were trials that were conclusively an innocent veredict or the `` victim '' admitted to lying , but because the defendant 's name was all over the papers , then they still had to carry the blame as if they did it regardless . 
  i do n't think this case has any room for doubt of the rapists ' guilt . 
  hell no , i worked for 2 years as a support worker on a zero hours contract . 
  one particular client took 2 hours travel time ( 4 hours when you count the return journey ) . 
  i just hope zero hour contracts are not exempt from this . 
  edit : my travelling hours were unpaid . 
  i hope this will change the situation for my former coworkers . 
  hourly reminder that the eu is not europe . 
  what was it obama said about the uk being in the eu ? 
  you talk about tribalism as a bad thing , whilst denouncing the british for rejecting european nationalism . 
  please tell me how european tribalism is n't tribalism . 
  if they were actually prevented from crossing , the camp would not exist in the first place as a base of operations for continual attempts at crossing . 
   exercising power  that is hardly control doubleplusgood doublespeak , m8, 
  mother from belgium , father from ireland . 
  i 've been to more than half the countries in europe and been involved in planning european projects . 
  i * am * european . 
  but i am also acutely aware of the cultural differences between each country , so it is difficult for me to assert that there is a single european identity because it is too reductive . 
  in the context of being compared with other continents , it is definitely easier for me to feel european . 
  but as a continent in and of itself ? 
  not in the same way i feel british without needing to look at different countries . 
  indeed . 
  the headline makes it sound like a russian nationalist attack . 
  imagine if he offers the uk a decent trade deal early on !, 
  come on , do i need to google governmental fuckups from all the 27 member countries ? 
  come on fellow brits !, 
  tally-ho !, 
  here is the [ design ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jj70d ) for the nice big flag in the middle for reference . 
  fuck scriptfags , by the way . 
  are you denying your intolerance towards those who are pro-brexit ? 
   bigot  \u02c8b\u026a\u0261\u0259t /  noun  a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . 
  political inertia is n't a good thing , though . 
  oh , you say you 're a bigot ? 
  i 'll be on my way . 
  good day , sir . 
  my point is that your blanket statement of having the cosmic powers to remove x and y person would make the world just the way you want it to be is an immature way to perceive the universe , because it ignores the underlying problems that led to the rise of euroscepticism in the first place . 
  i 'd advise you to watch the butterfly effect . 
  it 's a great film . 
   so without boris johnson and his bus of lies and without farage and ukip , remain would have won . 
  allow me to repeat myself :  euroscepticism would have expressed itself via another outlet your thought process seems rather childish . 
  entertain this thought exercise : think of the possibility that farage/boris took up the place of other candidates who would have been even better orators and would have convinced a much larger portion to leave the eu at an earlier date due to the overwhelming success of their strategies . 
  it 's cos he definitely did not influence my personal decision , and i doubt that 52 % of the electorate was swayed thanks to him . 
  i think you 'd be better off blaming the bus . 
   without farages input the brakes would n't have been cut i doubt it . 
  in an alternative universe where farage does n't exist , euroscepticism would have expressed itself via another outlet and the alternative uresist would still be shedding salty tears while trying to blame farage 's replacement . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how do you visualise him following up on his `` responsibility '' ? 
  what would he need to do to balance his accounts ? 
  a tenuous argument could be made saying that he is partly accountable , but claiming that he is outrightly accountable ? 
  take a few deep breaths m8 . 
   faster so i cut the brakes incorrect and biased towards a negative analogy , but i 'll roll with it . 
  you actually just ask the driver to cut the brakes . 
  the driver laughs and says let the passengers decide . 
  the passengers decide in your favour so the driver eats his words and is about to cut the brakes . 
  you 're giving ukip too much agency m8 . 
  my interpretation is that there are two options : unite or perish . 
  if you want to attribute peace in europe as thanks to the eu , then that is your remit . 
  i believe there are too many other factors that contribute to peacetime , and that the eu is not a big part of the whole . 
   do n't twist my words how can i , when you give me this gem ? 
   regress and to go to times of disunity which leads to war good job on your continuous contribution to the polarisation of the debate . 
  delegating power back to the nation states is regressive for the eu as an organisation , but not in the general political sense . 
  regression is a politically charged term which has implication of backwardness and barbarism . 
  unfortunately , people often use it to label certain types of progress that they do not like . 
  i think you 're contributing further to the polarisation by using that term . 
  by polarising the argument to two extremes , either * `` unite or perish '' * is that not exactly what the statement promotes ? 
  i agree that nobody is * making sure * of anything , but it 's still a nudge in that direction . 
  please explain to me where a third option is implied in `` unite or perish '' . 
  let 's be more specific here . 
  the problem is monetary union without political union . 
  if you believe the eu should integrate more , then by all means fight to preserve the euro . 
  if , however , you do not want the eu to integrate more , then do n't waste your time defending the euro . 
  maybe too strong for you , but it is a valid position that a lot of people have in the uk . 
  it is up to you to accept it or to deny us and tell us that we 've got it all wrong . 
  i 'm just going to wait 9 more days . 
  well , did you know that more than 2/3 of the population either wanted to leave , or have no problem leaving as well ? 
  that 's a bit vague , could you elaborate ? 
  that 's the point . 
  context differs , so nobody is ever solidly right or left wing . 
  there 's always nuance . 
  i define pure right wing as the sole pursuit for economic freedom , and pure left wing as the sole pursuit for social freedom . 
  the motivation behind policies that support or goes against either goal is incidental , the effect the policies have on either goal is key . 
  authoritarianism has nothing to do with the left or right wing , it 's about how you think your beliefs should be enforced . 
  you can be authoritian left , or authoritian right . 
  protectionism limits economic freedom because it is against free trade , thus it is a left wing position . 
  this . 
  most turks i know are kurdish , and they are bros. 
   false . 
  are you telling me that the turks protesting in favour of erdogan are successfully integrated ? 
   who are you to say being proud of your turkish heritage is n't part of a relaxed , multi-cultural dutch national character ? 
  the only thing i am saying in that post is that the turks who are protesting in favour of erdogan have failed to integrate . 
  please do n't put words in my mouth . 
   / s her majesty 's government politely inform you that you are no longer one of her subjects . 
   it does not happen anywhere . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  are these greeks aware of their minoan background and traditions ? 
  are they aware of their african origins in any meaningful way ? 
  in the * long term * , they will be assimilated into the american collective if they decide to stay there for several more generations . 
   you are both . 
  i agree . 
  however , if you have an american passport , then it should be expected that you prioritise america over greece .
