  if you have dual citizenship , then your dilemma does apply . 
  i define successful integration as being dutch first , and turkish second in this situation . 
   if by `` integration '' you mean immigrants completely forgetting where their parents came from , how and why , and not giving a single fuck about their origins that is the long-term effect of successful integration , and it is not necessarily a bad thing . 
   this is a strong case for the people claiming that ` multi-culturalism ' does n't exist . 
  interestingly , i interpret it differently . 
  the existence of ` multiculturalism ' essentially means that the dutch will have to accept that some people will put different cultures above the dutch culture . 
  this situation is an example of multiculturalism in action . 
  let 's keep this simple . 
  my position is that she did a lot to invite them in and to try and make other countries accept them after the fact , without any prior consultation . 
  your references to eu values , etc is what i am calling `` moral grandstanding '' . 
  do you think she should have handled the situation differently , or are you completely happy about the potential 7 million who maycall germany their home now ? 
  are you suggesting that merkel means what she says when she denounces multiculturalism ? 
   it was totally not the eu-turkey deal that sealed it shut . 
  it was a significant component , but there were other routes , and would n't it make sense to take a multi-pronged approach instead of leaving all our eggs in turkey 's basket ? 
   and technically she would be correct . 
  elaborate . 
   highly doubt that anyone cares about her opinion . 
  merkel 's lack of intervention speaks volumes . 
  is n't it ingrained in germany 's psyche by now that `` silence equals consent '' ? 
   funny article from the telegraph , yet it shows a severe lack of understanding of the situation yeah , funny that we 're about to activate article 50 !, 
   truly crazy numbers i 'm seeing an increase from 8 % to 11 % . 
  while that may be nothing to you , let me remind you that ukip was at about 13 % when the referendum happened . 
  n-norn iron ... 
  they 're different ? 
  [ here is merkel actively denouncing the construction of borders , which would have alleviated the situation in some way . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-merkel-iduskcn0vp1mv ) [ here is meps from her party threatening to cut eu funding from poland and hungary for not being so happy to accept the migrants . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/senior-german-meps-threaten-to-cut-eu-money-to-poland-hungary-ingeborg-grassle-alexander-graf-lambsdorff-budgetary-control/ ) the below source is also relevant - i doubt the wave of non-syrian opportunists would have been so large had she not made the foolish statement in the first place . 
  it also talks about the lack of consultation and is interesting hindsight in regards to brexit . 
   source ? 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/angela-merkel/12193876/angela-merkels-historic-error-on-immigration.html ) at this point , i realise that i do not even have to come up with policies that she `` should have '' implemented . 
  if she * merely did nothing * , the situation would have been less disastrous . 
  it is unfortunate that she went full retard and batted for the wrong side . 
  therefore , i repeat that if you hear her denouncing multiculturalism or something similar , it should be clear that she is talking out of her arse and is trying to appeal to a portion of the electorate . 
   she ca n't just push a button a solve the crisis . 
  you 're right , but she could have done some things to alleviate the crisis . 
  unfortunately , she did the exact opposite . 
  she * actively * pressed the wrong buttons . 
  it 's not like she was helpless . 
  she was complicit in her moral grandstanding and in declaring that europe was open to all on behalf of her 27 co-members * without any sort of consultation * . 
  and do you see how she handled the migrant crisis ? 
  her words are worthless at this point . 
  look at her actions . 
  actually , the above should apply to every politician . 
   merkel seem to agree with me at least . 
  that 's only because it 's election season . 
  sorry , i did n't realise my username on reddit was a pledge of allegiance . 
  you asked how the uk can leave europe again . 
  i pointed out that the uk has n't left the eu yet ( pending the activation of a50 ) , so that 's probably what he 's talking about . 
  i hope you realise a50 has n't been activated yet . 
  evidence of failed integration . 
  raising people who swear allegiance to countries outside your nation is not a healthy way for a nation to develop . 
   btw both are swedes and not immigrants , if anyone thought other one is n't a native swede , though . 
  i understand that the reddit page does not refresh in real time so you probably did n't see my reply to the other poster . 
  [ here 's the source for you too . 
  ] ( http://www.friatider.se/muhameds-comment-while-raping-twelve-year-old-ida-black-dck-expensive-gets-away-22-days-community ), 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.friatider.se/muhameds-comment-while-raping-twelve-year-old-ida-black-dck-expensive-gets-away-22-days-community ), 
  my bad m9, 
   please answer me with a reply pointing out things other countries have done * obliges *  whataboutism ok m8, 
  as posted elsewhere in this thread ,  in 2015 , an 18 year old got 22 days of community service for raping a 12 year old girl . 
  the us something something numerous countries in the middle east for decades ? 
  good question . 
  i feel like some people are proudly proclaiming that the egg came before the chicken and that is the end of the discussion . 
  what about that other guy who decided to let them all in in the first place ? 
   certainly london and other large english cities do n't have hundreds of cars being burned . 
  2011 london riots . 
   from breitbart or infowars or something like that [ bullshit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_pool ) . 
  you 're just trying to discredit him . 
  one of those outlets may have commissioned him for this one occassion , but as an individual journalist , he does not work for them . 
  jimba said `` how bad ( or not bad ) '' , which is a pretty balanced statement . 
  you just made yourself sound like one of those antifa loons . 
  that depends on the public reaction , though . 
  is sweden talking about it or brushing it under the carpet ? 
  i think one of the problems is that if one is against immigration , one is immediately labelled as right wing . 
  i am strongly against immigration , but often come out as left wing in online political tests because of my other beliefs . 
  i am against immigration because i do not want to continue feeding the pensions pyramid scheme by ensuring that our population is continually increasing . 
  this planet needs less people . 
  if that new leader from the left rises , as you state , i think he 'll be someone who is not in favour of open borders . 
  great post . 
   we weak , unorganized and 10 steps behind on a generation that will soon forget half of their life and piss their pants ? 
  yup . 
  yup we are . 
  how do you propose we solve this ? 
  will it be solved when the boomers die off ? 
  cool story bro . 
  * denies that gypsies are romanian even when they hail from romania * please explain to me how this is not racism . 
   that 's going to be a shit-show most certainly as the corporations will do their best to make the government capitulate to their demands for cheap , exploitable labour . 
   nowhere did i say that you racist imitation of a civilized human being . 
  u r a poo head  again nowhere did i say that , you just have issues comprehending my post and understanding hypocrisy because of a two digit iq u smell bad too  nope , not saying anything like that . 
  you just read into it whatever you need to fuel your shitty reply * blows raspberry *  this comparison is stupid , this paragraph is stupid and has nothing do you with anything , you are probably stupid . 
  no u  the germans have nothing to do with this , another stupid paragraph but if you want to truly get what i mean by not being hypocritical about your past then watch how the germans behave . 
  but u r stupid tho ? 
   another stupid paragraph based on a nonexistent premise . 
  hurr  you are blocked do n't bother me anymore . 
   `` 20 million romanians '' absolute tosh . 
  migrationwatch was lambasted for predicting 50,000 new arrivals . 
  in 2015 , over 50,000 arrived . 
  in 2016 , over 70,000 arrived . 
  that 's some eerily accurate `` fear-mongering '' .
