  but not to any meaningful degree in services , the main part of your economy . 
  oh , and we want free movement . 
  eu : remember when we tried pegging all the currencies together and it was shit ? 
  want to do that , but more aggressive and with random economies that are definitely scamming us ? 
  uk : no . 
  eu : look at all the opt-outs !!!!, 
  eu : hey , want completely open borders with a bunch of ex-communist countries with extremely lax gun laws ? 
  uk : no , that 's mental eu : even more opt-outs !!!, 
  god we 're so generous !, 
  the conversation is hilariously one-sided . 
  i feel like it would n't be hard at all to create a similarly limited conversation which paints the eu as the big bad guy who is trying to force us to opt in everything , a bit like how cameron made free internet an opt-out thing . 
  negotiate the border arrangements . 
  personally , i do n't care about the border arrangements as long as eu citizens are treated the same as anyone else from the rest of the world once they 're in the country . 
  i assume the uk 's position is as outlined in the very point you mentioned . 
   stop blaming the eu . 
  what am i blaming them about ? 
   cta what 's that ? 
   the uk has to decide if they want a hard border or a soft one . 
  i reckon the final border arrangements will be decided after negotiations , and i simply do n't see why we ca n't * at least * try to negotiate something in between as our starting point . 
  so , just 1 point is problematic ? 
  if you do you research , you will find that ireland is not part of the schegen zone , and we have an agreement for free movement which precedes the eu . 
  while i accept the possibility that the eu can decline to accommodate this , i just want to make it clear that we did n't just pull it out of our arse . 
   she has to take the dominant negotiating stance it 's not something done on purpose when the eu refuses to negotiate at all until a50 is activated , and we have our own remoaners constantly demanding some clarity of the government 's position on this issue . 
  i would like to ask you which of the 12 objectives seem so unreasonable to you ? 
  looks like the europeans ' faux outrage flops when they actually look at the 12 points , so they start to argue semantics . 
  ok , let me rephrase : so which of the 12 points do you find outrageous ? 
  could you clarify which of the 12 points seem outrageous ? 
  in a constantly shrinking world where transport is becoming faster and cheaper , should this not be praised as forward-looking ? 
   you trade with people that are close to you ? 
  when we traded products on horse-drawn carts , yeah . 
   / u/cluelessperson you almost got me m8 . 
  that 's probably because they 're under the delusion that the eu is just some sort of super free trade agreement . 
  it 's a whole new nation trying to summon itself into existence , guys . 
  yes , i support freedom of spiritual expression . 
  even bullshit religions like scientology . 
  if people are stupid enough to join retarded religions/extremist sects , let them . 
  i have no idea what relation this has with my post , but definitely not . 
  i believe in freedom of speech . 
  then please could you clarify what ` global citizen ' means from a moderate left perspective ? 
  i hope it is , but i may have been too brainwashed . 
  can you tell me what ` global citizen ' means , if not that ? 
   `` believes that muslims should have human rights , just like all other humans '' that 's the worst part . 
  they believe that every single human on this planet should have the right to stroll into europe and claim citizenship . 
  he is citing the most extensive and wide-ranging surveys ever done on muslims in the uk , done by icm for channel 4 . 
  the data is extremely reliable . 
  wow , it 's almost like i 'm watching [ him ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/093/521/9e9.png ) again !, 
  sorry , i thought this article was about marine ? 
  i hear you m8 , and i would still put money on you in an alternate universe criticising farage for his toxic influence in the committee . 
   blair won an election being pro-immigration and globalisation in 2005 after iraq . 
  and we are feeling the effects of his policies now . 
  dear god , it 's like talking to a brick wall . 
  farage does attend at least the eu parliament , and you guys criticise him for not positively contributing . 
  i 'd put good money on you criticising him for telling the commission to piss off if he ever bothered to attend . 
  really ? 
  what 's the point of the proportional representation voting system then ? 
  he was elected democratically by the british public on an anti-eu platform . 
  are europeans ( and verhofstadt ) too stupid to see the irony in demanding that farage should contribute meaningfully to the eu ? 
  the way i see it is that islamic terrorists are distracting us from other aspects of islam that need to be reformed . 
  gay ? 
  you better not be muslim . 
  pregnant out of wedlock ? 
  rejected by the muslim community . 
  sharia law courts also value a woman 's word as worth half that of a man . 
  this is to name just a few examples . 
  however , nobody is talking about aspects like the above . 
  everyone 's arguing about islamic terrorism . 
  islamic terrorists do n't care about criticism of terrorism . 
  they care about criticism of islam . 
  if islam is off-limits to criticism , the terrorists have won . 
  i agree . 
  i 'd say we 're reaching critical porosity about now . 
  and as we all know , there were aeroplanes whizzing about and thousands of ferries/motorboats and whatnot for 2500 years . 
  not to forget the similarly high number of the global population 2500 years ago . 
   uneducated white trash fuck you , racist . 
   but the issue is 100 % socio-economic i would n't say it 's 0 % or 100 % . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in between . 
   failing to protect a border is more failure of will though . 
  does n't eu law forbid the use of barbed wire/electrified fences , though ? 
  it creates a culture where people only do good things when they expect some sort of reward from it . 
  the focus is shifted away from the deed itself . 
   objectively good ( being a moral person and showing it ) when there are people who only do good things so they can show off about it on social media , how can you call it objectively good ? 
   it 's like people forget europe 's admirable and effective human rights approach . 
  it might be admirable to virtue-signallers , but how is it effective ? 
  it works in real life . 
  whether it is as effective on the internet is a whole other bag of worms because we 're working with a different social framework here . 
  in real life , you can call a person out by using something they said to you or to one of your friends that you heard about in the past . 
  online , you are the one digging up all unsolicited communication the person made to other people in different contexts . 
  that is definitely more neurotic . 
  germans can be sarcastic ? 
  they dig into your past to find something juicy , so they can feel virtuous and justified in completely discrediting your opinion because they can label you a `` bigot '' or whatever . 
  this also enables them to avoid further consideration of your argument . 
  it just makes them look petty and obsessive . 
  so it 's ok to be sly and secretive in the name of self-interest , and it is unquestionably better than being honest and open about it because people might get offended . 
  got it . 
   po atleast tried to look like a normal government in the eyes of brussels so being sly and secretive about your true intentions is a good thing ? 
  whoa , i did n't ask for your life story . 
  geez . 
  when are you leaving this country ? 
  i probably am . 
  this group categorises the sort of people who constantly virtue-signal and block me on social media very well .
