  i do n't think people who are against immigration would bother to differentiate between bulgarians and pakistanis . 
  foreign-born citizens can vote , you know ? 
   ca n't really moan at problem that 's entirely self inflicted . 
  it 's a ` problem ' , is it ? 
  why do you still want to increase this ` problem ' nevertheless ? 
   the unhappy folk who are angry with the ` elites ' i think you mean the unhappy ` elite ' who are angry with the folk . 
   nobody wants to clean toilets because we are all too good for it ? 
  this suggests an imbalance in the labour market relating to wages . 
  when cheap exploitable labour dries up and corporations are done whining about ` entitled natives ' , they 'll increase wages . 
  either that or society will collapse . 
   i guess there are small benefits in making things for convenient for tourists too that is the only argument you put forwards . 
  the rest of your post is `` i do n't see why not '' . 
  i do n't think you 're really taking this seriously . 
  you do n't bring about change simply by saying `` i do n't see why not '' . 
  you 're using an `` if it ai n't broke ... '' argument to argue for change . 
  that confuses me because it 's usually a line of argument used to justify the status quo . 
  your comments may be glib , but i still await a convincing argument . 
  after all , if it ai n't broke , why fix it ? 
   i see no issue with putting both units on new signs at all . 
  i see no issue with continuing to put up road signs in miles . 
   it does n't take long to do the mental calculation but how long will it take to reprint millions of road signs ? 
  like you said , it 's not hard to do the mental calculation , so i do n't see any problems here . 
   and how can you forbid someone to put signs in metric as that measurement system is completely and legally accepted in the uk ? 
  i do n't think it 's forbidden . 
  nobody does it because it 's just a waste of money and time . 
  it 's actually a `` swede '' , m8 . 
   the arrested man , of foreign nationality edit : i stand corrected , the man who was arrested was an authentic swede . 
  i suspected that he was some sort of foreigner holding a swedish passport . 
  this is incorrect . 
  i feel like good behaviour should be expected as standard , so it should be a 5 % increase if your child is being a brat . 
  this may give those terrible parents the message to let their brats go wild in restaurants where they do n't offer the discount . 
  are you implying that the rioters are justified ? 
   it 's still a very safe , prosperous and strong country . 
  for how much longer , though ? 
  wow , you 've convinced me !, 
  top quality post . 
   it 's simply a fact that most people in western europe are n't okay with it and ultimately it 's indeed undemocratic that this is completely ignored . 
  judging from your downvotes it 's not just ignored , but actively suppressed . 
  then these people feign surprise when this kind of thing occasionally slips free of censorship . 
   she came out publicly and frequently with her position absolute tosh . 
  david was someone who was public and frequently outlined his position . 
  may went public once under duress from a reporter with a cryptic statement . 
  why are you trying to rewrite history ? 
  are you saying that decolonisation was n't ok ? 
  if you do n't know that some people only voted clinton as the lesser of the evils , you 're pretty ignorant m8 . 
  we already have one . 
  it 's a firm , solid handshake . 
  not one of the limp nu-male limpshakes . 
  what ? 
  this is literally unthinkable !, 
  i 'm shaking right now . 
  perhaps i 'm looking at this the wrong way , but international relations is not that far removed from politics , and i definitely know how much i value the word of politicians . 
   proof is in what they say actions speak louder than words m8 . 
  the uk is bigger than great britain , and by one region ( northern ireland ) . 
  the eu is smaller than europe , and by no small measure . 
  there are 51 european countries , compared to a mere 28 ( soon to be 27 ) eu members . 
  the point about the distinction being greater is valid . 
  in your own source , it says the net contribution is # 8.5 billion . 
  whether it 's # 13 billion or # 8 billion , it 's still a fuckload of money . 
  it 's certainly a blow to the eu . 
  he funds femen . 
  since his money is his means of interaction with this world , he is accountable for femen 's actions , even if only partially . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/globalism if i want to be specific , he 's probably a market globalist . 
  you can read more in the above link . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoliberalism both are recognised and well-developed branches of politics . 
  are you denying their existence ? 
  it was copypasta from / r/ukpolitics . 
  he mostly financially intervenes to try and adjust the result in his favour , but there is occasionally events like : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/femen-topless-activists-kidnap-priest-video-protest-against-pope-francis-1476001x in either case , it is not sitting back and letting people do what they want . 
  that 's being apolitical . 
  i also challenge your assumption that soros is a classical liberal . 
  is n't he a globalist neoliberal ? 
  let 's try again . 
   soros , as far as we can tell , is very in favour of letting people do what they want . 
  does this still hold true when these people in question are n't liberals ? 
  i agree . 
  again ,  soros is not someone who is non-interventionist as you claimed in your post . 
  * that is the only point i was trying to make here . 
  i am sorry , but i was n't being sarcastic m8 . 
  i actually liked your post , and completely acknowledge your point about british exceptionalism . 
   he sticks his nose ( and ** money ** ) everywhere, 
  sorry , did i say that putin is someone who was in favour of letting people do what they want ? 
  it is obvious that soros is not someone who is non-interventionist as you claimed in your post . 
  that is the only point i was trying to make here . 
   pro-democracy initiatives . 
  examples ? 
   soros , as far as we can tell , is very in favour of letting people do what they want . 
  which is why he sticks his nose ( and money ) everywhere ? 
  top post , at last a balanced conversation which i can get behind !, 
  for you . 
  uk : can we join ? 
  de gaulle : no . 
  uk : seriously dickhead ? 
  we literally saved you from actual nazis de gaulle : france liberated itself uk : phew what a looney . 
  anyway , can we join when he fucks off eu : fine uk : i ca n't help but notice we 're paying in way more than we get back . 
  can we deal with that ? 
  eu : you can have 1/3rd of the extra back . 
  uk : well , that 's still a lot of money you 're taking . 
  besides , i thought this was a trade organisation . 
  can we get a single market ? 
  eu : bits of it .
