   expecting unskilled jobs to pay substantially more than minimum wage does n't seem realistic . 
  minimum wage should be able to provide for basic shelter and basic necessities . 
  even the dumbest or most unskilled people in a society deserve to survive so long as they put in honest effort . 
  `` a nation 's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members . '', 
  thanks for looking for it m80, 
   i can remember a documentary in germany about how 1 farm tried to hire local people . 
  and if i remember correctly of the 20 or so workers only 1 remained after the first week . 
  the job just was too labor intensive for most of them . 
  do you remember the title ? 
  of course , if it does n't have english subtitles , i 'm afraid my mediocre german probably is n't enough ... 
  labor supply goes down , wages go up , and they just might . 
  the dutch should colonize space so that britain can steal all of the colonies again , like old times, 
  homogenisation, 
  melted down and used for sputnik . 
  he 's gon na have to go to outer space, 
  man , i would n't want to be in same same defense pact ( nato ) as an enemy . 
  it might cause me to be a hypocrite , 
  he could n't handle ball-point pens . 
   ( at least in my state ) . 
  which one ? 
  gym class in illinois was ( ~ mid 2000s ) basically just hazing the least agile students with dodgeballs until they wish they were never born . 
  why dance when you can destroy someone in soul and spirit ? 
  it 's a quote from futurama ( i think ) . 
  god knows how tired i am ( especially on / r/worldnews ) of the top comments being some bloody film or tv quote/quotechain , even when the topic is deadly serious . 
  the west 's analytical lens of events is n't realism , or liberalism , or marxism , it 's what spongebob squarepants and other cartoons have to say through memes . 
  i already do that with aldi though , have been for over a decade . 
  it helps that it and walmart share a parking lot in my town . 
  if you want shamanism you should look at japanese views on blood type . 
  it 's even worse, 
  human development index, 
  then the article should be banned ? 
  he 's merely quoting it, 
  yeah i 'm drowning in a sea of poles , lithuanians , russians , and such here . 
  they 're fine though , honestly do n't know why they get such a bad rap as immigrants to the uk . 
  in contrast my opinion of serbs is based on blagojevich and it 's none too positive sadly . 
  [ paperclipped ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_paperclip ) and bagged . 
  that 's the red striped grandpa underpants, 
   that they are also british , even more british than those weird englishmen , and gb is their land , and american english is the real brithish language , but not that funny accent they use in london . 
  and when coming to paris , american president tells about richard the lionheart , their great king . 
  and australia !, 
  yes , how we forgot about that american collony !, 
  they also speak british , that means we ( us ) should be in one country !, 
  this is all true though . 
  we 're just playing the long game and letting the limeys think that they have control . 
  it 's much better deterrence than a tube of toothpaste or a pair of red-striped underpants , let me tell you . 
   at least not until they had removed the other guy in which case they where the new pope . 
  was it a process like mortal kombat ? 
  conflating refuge and permanent immigration is awful , especially since the former category does n't need to integrate -- their stay is by its nature transitory . 
  syrians want to shuttle women , the elderly , and children off temporarily as the country combusts , to protect them . 
  fine . 
  they 'll be back to help rebuild the country after the fighting is over . 
  that 's what a refugee is . 
  what disappoints me is the eu 's failed response at discriminating between refugees and economic migrants . 
  just because they all arrive at the same time does n't mean they 're all refugees . 
  there are opportunists in every crisis . 
  according to eurostat 2016 something like 23 % of the registered asylum seekers were actually syrian , and that 's depressing . 
  it 's time to stop calling economic migrants ` refugees . ', 
  it 's disingenuous and inaccurate . 
  if you want economic migrants , process them through your legal immigration measures . 
  no it 'd have to be hideo kojima . 
  he idolizes ` escape from ' to the point that he named his own protagonist after snake plissken, 
  apparently the social contract does n't mean much philosophically anymore . 
  we are taught about it in the usa . 
  i hope in britain too ... 
  i see you must be a big fan of trump . 
  sorry i 'll go clean up my blood on the ground with my clothes , sorry to inconvenience you sir , i hope my blood did n't stain your boots . 
  i was in the wrong here . 
  let 's be realistic here , europe has a better record producing antipopes than us, 
   the real underlying problem here is politicization of scientific issues . 
  but try to fix that when there 's so much money involved . 
  i wish that were n't the case . 
  but if you were to pay me $ 200,000 / year in exchange for my claiming that the sky is brown for the rest of my life , perhaps we can work something out . 
  yeah . 
  on one hand they 're possibly workaholics who do n't have time for a family . 
  on the other hand , they 're potentially short-term thinkers who do n't really have a vested interest in the future . 
  someone who has kids usually does n't want them to live in a worse world , whether it means climate change , ruining their country 's economy or culture , or whatever other metric you consider ` worse . ', 
  wow , poland has so much in common with illinois , with our bipolar weather . 
  quite literally , as i have at least 4 polish neighbors ... and my landlord is from lithuania . 
  you 're right , democracies should just strip the right to vote away from all poor and all uneducated people and be done with it . 
  after all , it 's positively impossible for them to have any political or economic interests based on their socioeconomic class . 
  when the poor clamor for a higher minimum wage , yet the rich `` educated '' class says `` no you really should n't , that means we 'd have to pay you more ! '', 
  the poor labor class should just suck it up and prostrate themselves before their socially superior overlords . 
  or you could use your noggin and come to the conclusion that democracy is composed of competing interests , with those interests generally aligning with personal advantage , greed , and survival . 
   that is tantamount to saying that without the ecsc/eea/eu france and germany would 've gone to war . 
  i would n't say it was the only factor , [ but that was the explicit intent of monnet and schuman during the planning/creation phase of the ecsc . 
  ] ( https://europa.eu/european-union/sites/europaeu/files/docs/body/jean_monnet_en.pdf )  on 9 may 1950 , robert schuman , france 's minister of foreign affairs , delivered the so-called ` schuman declaration ' in the name of the french government . 
  this declaration was instigated and prepared by monnet and proposed to place all german-french production of coal and steel under one high authority . 
  the idea behind this was that if the production of these resources was shared by the two most powerful countries on the continent , it would prevent any future war . 
  [ according to these two academics , ] ( http://buffett.northwestern.edu/documents/working-papers/buffett_07-001_alter_steinberg.pdf ) conflict ( whether economic or military ) was inevitable due to germany 's unique postwar position . 
   at the time the ecsc was proposed , the concern was that a scarcity of steel could advantage germany , which had the most established steel industry and ruhr coal . 
  in a context of scarcity , there was a fear that germany could abuse its dominant position in the market , and other european states could be prevented from rebuilding their industry and economies . 
  now naturally some pro-eu person could point out that monnet wanted to integrate further all along , but i 'm not entirely sure it was necessary to establish peace . 
  the ecsc was like a muzzle on a dog , you do n't really need to spay or neuter it on top of everything else afterwards . 
  ( who knows how much flak i 'm going to get from that analogy ? ), 
  ecsc was doing a fine job of keeping france and germany from killing each other before it bloated into the eu . 
   do you have any evidence ? 
  http://www.greenfort.de/de/menschen/detailseite/person/3-daniel-roeder/  greenfort , lawyer since 2005 german , check . 
  corporate lawyer , check . 
  presumably rich , check . 
  so far , everything lines up with a defensive `` keep the eu because it benefits me materially '' selfish reaction , not the happy-go-lucky altruistic pro-eu sentiment that these protests have been painted as .
