post it anyway m8 , an opportunity for learning should never be wasted . 
  these are harsh words that will be downvoted into oblivion , but the 9/11 cell was located in hamburg ( cue hamburger jokes ) . 
  i do n't have much respect for the us government but i can completely understand the sentiment of `` if they 're not going to deal with radical islamists , someone ought to . '', 
  i do think that international terrorism is something that major powers should cooperate on , not wander off in a unilateral action . 
  however , if german police forces are n't up to the task , this makes cooperation hard . 
  sans the suez crisis , we 've been uncharacteristically accommodating of the uk , honestly . 
  i suppose if you were to take an entirely cynical approach to power , you could argue that art created in the english language ( like music , for example , in the beatles ) re-inforces english as the lingua franca , which thus reinforces the ability for the usa to brain drain the rest of the world into its tech and chem companies . 
  it 's quite ironic considering kissinger was merely an echo of palmerston , a brit :  we have no eternal allies , and we have no perpetual enemies . 
  our interests are eternal and perpetual , and those interests it is our duty to follow ... 
  yet the usa and uk remain buttbuddies after 1812 . 
   merkel and the cdu are deep in the ass of americans . 
  feels mildly uncomfortable , bro . 
  maybe use lube first ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwedentrunk i ca n't claim to know what dirty shit the cia does , but i genuinely hope my country does n't force germans to drink fecal water like swedes did . 
  where 's the eesti column filled with nothing but ` besti ' ? 
  if i knew it was 2008 , i would n't have asked . 
  but i do n't know the full extent of irish economic history ... therefore i asked . 
  i do n't know all of your fuck-ups , sorry . 
  if someone looked at an american fuck-up and said ` again , ' i 'd have a giant pot of possibilities for a precursor . 
  i would n't expect a foreigner to know every minute detail , like the bubble of the gilded age due to railroad barons . 
  that 's where asking comes in . 
  thanks for the comprehensive answer . 
  too bad it 's buried for some reason, 
  ` again ' ? 
  may i have a history lesson if you have time ? 
  the usa has a patent on britbegone , filed in cooperation with france ... hands off !, 
  i would n't bring a child into the world if i lived in a country with 50 % young adult unemployment . 
  it 's sad that the only solution to that is to bring in vast lots of uneducated foreign people who do n't know that the economy for childbearing-age millennials is nonexistent . 
  it 's manipulating someone 's lack of knowledge , the absurd expectation that you can bring in your mena/latin american culture of having 3-6 kids yet not be forever doomed to the lower class . 
  children are simply too expensive to raise in the west and paradoxically it 's those who have the least money who seem to be doing the childbearing . 
  as time goes on i feel like fudging human rights and requiring marriage and childbearing licenses tied to economic status might be the only way to solve this paradox . 
  the rich are the ones who can afford children , but do n't because they 're large expenses of money and time . 
  the poor are the ones who can not afford children but do anyway due to lack of birth control or education . 
  this should be switched . 
  and i say this as someone who probably would n't be licensed to have kids based on my current status . 
  it 's better than a clash of civilizations and virtual serfdom by reducing the lower class citizens to miserable baby making machines who compete with endless waves of immigrants for jobs and housing . 
  i do n't understand the ` be prepared to pay more for your products ' argument for 2 reasons . 
  i 'd rather reduce unemployment and allow lower class american workers to take up the ~ 10 million job slots eaten up by illegal immigrants . 
  employed americans do n't eat up the dole , which means the government can use our tax money more effectively ( or pay off our ridiculous debt ) . 
  not to mention , more employed americans means a wider tax base ; illegal immigrants obviously do n't pay income tax . 
  these new ( restored ) workers now can actually afford to buy that aforementioned food . 
  2 . if prices of goods matter , why not just turn the clock back to 1850 and implement slavery ? 
  the price of the goods is all that matters , consequences be damned regarding human rights or the labor market . 
  i want my 2 cent tobacco !, 
  edit : reddit formatting sucks so much , it 's unbelievable . 
  ca n't use pounds , ca n't manually number paragraphs . 
  enjoy two # 1s i guess : /, 
  usually double-edged sword means an action that ( may ) hurt the same one who benefits , i.e. 
  a sharp end facing the wielder might cut him . 
  so it 's not a sword that cuts twice . 
  i 'd say that the advertising element could be described as double jeopardy for his opponents . 
  it 's more common , but not the norm . 
  dems voted for the iraq war including hillary . 
  two exceptions ? 
  howard dean and bernie sanders, 
  immigrant workers do have laws that protect them in the usa . 
  those laws should not be ( and are n't currently ) applied to people who break the law in order to enter the country . 
  i assumed based on the past year / r/europe would be one of those subs that does n't conflate the words : immigrant , asylum seeker , refugee , migrant , and illegal immigrant, 
  same, 
  not like we can rival the dutch courage of our dutch uncles who plan to kill the daesh with dutch ovens . 
  man , the brits were really butthurt toward you during the renaissance !, 
  we would n't have all these nice insults . 
  he should stop skirting around the word ` tribute . ', 
  it is what it is . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_ii_of_denmark i think he 's just getting revenge, 
  muh ` sanctuary of church ' t. irish monk being enlightened by a scabbard-thorn, 
  do you want to buy my cookies for $ 599 usd ? 
  we can call this a `` reconstructive effort '' if you 'd like . 
  save some for me , varg, 
   freight trains are also used much less than in places like north america and russia because double stacking is not possible here due to our electrified railways , do n't forget that we wo n't do electrified passenger rails due to weight limits on american passengers . 
  the normans themselves are as underrated as palermo . 
  they get a bit of lipservice in anglo education since they stuck their dirty dicks right down old english as a language , but beyond that i have n't really seen much historical homage ( or media , like films or video games ) . 
  or you can just import polish coal ... or something . 
  yes , taste is subjective . 
  but consider that experiences can be highly individualistic and contextual -- like a well timed inside joke amongst old friends vs. a generic meme joke retold for the thousandth time as it makes its way down from the internet digestive system of 4chan to reddit to tumblr to facebook to wherever . 
  any art ( music , film , video games , paintings , etc. ), 
  also contain messages that can be highly individualistic . 
  if just one cook is in the kitchen making an indie video game , the vision is that of just one person . 
  when it 's good , it 's really good , consistent , and personal , even if a large portion of the market is turned off by its rough edges . 
  even if the market is smaller , the experience is more potent for those who do like that message/art -- like being told ' i love you ' once by someone you really care about vs. the same thing told by someone who says that to everyone ( diluting the value of the message ) . 
  in contrast a piece of art with a lot of market research put behind it will invariably gravitate toward the middle of these qualities ( whatever they may be ) as to not alienate any potential customer . 
  that 's fine as an entry to a certain genre for a medium , but if you experience nothing but hollywood or bollywood films all day , or aaa video games , or what have you , you 're quickly going to become bored with how safe they play it . 
  the budget behind these market-driven projects is massive and inhibits risk . 
  it really comes down to specificity and personalization of message here . 
  for someone who only grazes the depth of a certain medium that 's fine for them , but for anyone dipping further , relying on the mass market is unacceptable to make judgements of comparative quality . 
  hide your taxes, 
  i figure since i 'm on / r/europe i should provide as much context as possible :p in my mind the worst case scenario is that there would be individuals within the german ethnicity community that * were * fifth columns during the war , since that 's the most extreme test of whether one 's loyalties lie within the new country or the old country . 
  i do n't think a war with mexico is likely , but it would prove to be much more fatal in terms of testing whether our immigrants ( legal or not ) are more loyal to the usa or more loyal to mexico . 
  ( as an aside , there are plenty of nicaraguans , colombians , and so forth who travel illegally through mexico via human smugglers , so obviously those people are n't very loyal to mexico at all . ), 
  not only is mexico adjacent to the usa , but there already exist racist political groups like la raza that proclaim that the land annexed by the usa in the 1840s from the mexican-american war should belong to mexico . 
  in the fragile era between the start of ww1 and the usa 's entry into the war , german-ethnicity americans did raise relief funds ( for germany ) and some of them even returned back to fight on germany 's side , which invokes imagery of isis recruits today . 
  but as soon as germany invaded belgium and sank the lusitania ship , us public opinion shifted harshly on both germans and german-ethnicity americans . 
  the latter were subjected to increased scrutiny . 
  by 1916 the opinion of german culture was at an all-time low and summarily , efforts to scrub it out increased . 
  the national security league and the american defense society were two non-government organizations that proposed compulsory military training for high school students and the eradication of foreign languages ( specifically german ) . 
  president woodrow wilson and ex-president teddy roosevelt both declared the ` hyphenated american ' dead in the name of national unity . 
  as you might have been noticing , i have n't said mexican-american or german-american at all in either of these posts . 
  i did n't really plan this segue , but anyway , the final straw to actually entering the war was the zimmermann telegram , sent to mexico with promises that germany would help mexico re-annex the mexican cession from the mexican-american war , if only mexico joined the german alliance . 
  from what i 've researched , the german government did fund a lot of espionage operations in the usa , but they used german agents . 
  one of their objectives was to rile up german-ethnicity citizens and induce them to go on worker 's strikes and sabotage munitions factories , but there 's no evidence that any american-born citizen obeyed that incitement .
