  so that 's a minor spark of hope , i guess . 
  in modern times , though , the hyphenated american is back . 
  mexican-american , african-american , muslim-american , asian-american are all extremely common terms . 
  i find the terms divisive , as this country 's already fractured and distrustful enough , but oh well . 
  i 'm not half as charismatic as teddy roosevelt so it 's not like anyone would listen to me . 
  i do n't think it 's a very good strategy , honestly . 
  germans came here en masse starting in the 1820s ( and peaking in the 1860s , which is actually when one of my own ancestors arrived here ) and formed german cultural societies , ghettos , and germantowns all across the usa . 
  german was actually quite a common language to be spoken at home , even throughout the second and third generation families , which caused some hostility with other citizens who did n't speak it . 
  you 'd think that the behavior would be quashed by assimilation after the second generation , but the event that caused them to assimilate was none other than world war 1 . 
  the usa entered it in 1917 , almost a full century after german immigration began . 
  german cultural clubs disappeared almost immediately , lest german-ethnicity citizens be called traitors and fifth columns . 
  english began to be spoken only at home , even among german-ethnicity families who arrived in the usa in the 1900s decade . 
  the paranoia of war seems to be the only fully effective way of assimilating a group . 
  examining other groups , there are really only 4 other ethnicities that arrived in such numbers that assimilating to anglo culture would be a potential issue , since cultural ghettos can form and insulate new immigrants from having to learn the local language and customs . 
  the first i 'll address is the irish since most of them already spoke english upon arriving here and their defining foreign characteristic was catholicism . 
  obviously the british brought them here as indentured servants , which was n't quite a positive condition , but they escalated themselves up the ladder in society quite quickly . 
  andrew jackson was the first irish-ethnicity president by 1829 , a mere two generations after the country gained its independence ; aligning with my claims , he was a presbyterian , which was n't at odds with the preceding anglo culture . 
  it was n't until 1961 that john f kennedy , another irish-ethnicity american , managed to step up to the presidency as a catholic . 
  it seems to me that the only unique factor here in terms of assimilation is catholicism , which ironically is like following the footsteps of great britain . 
  that 's the last thing the usa would want to admit . 
  pivoting off catholicism , italy also sent quite a lot of people , especially from sicily . 
  they arrived at a time when anarchism was causing panic across both europe and the usa , and italians were viewed with utter suspicion as agents of terror . 
  beyond having lighter skin ( even sicilians ) , i 'm not entirely sure how they overcame that and assimilated . 
  in economic terms italian-ethnicity americans earn the [ 24th highest gdp per capita out of 90 , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income ) which is pretty good . 
  as you can probably note , `` english american '' and `` scotch-irish american '' are actually 46th and 50th respectively , but i believe that has to do with so few people actually identifying as either of those groups now . 
  the other two groups are black americans and mestizo americans , who have seen less success in integration . 
  in the former case , the government , non-government organizations like the kkk , and even businesses invested a severe amount of time doing anything they could to suppress integration of blacks into american culture . 
  the government did it through miscegenation laws , the kkk did it through domestic terrorism , and businesses treated them like animals who had to drink from different water fountains and sit at the back of the bus . 
  this was clearly far more severe than irish indentured servants and italian anarchy fears , and it resulted in a schism of culture that sometimes actually did occasionally travel into mainstream american culture : see jazz , funk , hiphop . 
  music began in black clubs and venues and sometimes it would allow the two separate cultures meet halfway . 
  unlike the children of irish and italians who , despite being catholic , still had lighter skin , the children of black americans could n't `` pass '' or hide how different they were . 
  that 's probably the nail in the coffin that allowed the kkk to continue on so long . 
  it 's easier to find & target people with dark skin than to quiz them about how they feel about the pope . 
  regardless of whether you feel it is justified , the existence of black lives matter in 2016 points to , at the very least , a perception of non-integration . 
  at 400 years after this territory was colonized and settled ( including black americans , who were something like 20-25 % of the population in the early days ) , that 's by far the longest period of assimilation issues . 
  and then we arrive at mestizos , not only predominantly catholic & speaking a different language , but also arriving in the era of globalization . 
  unlike what happened with black americans , mestizos are almost entirely coddled by the government and businesses . 
  president obama grants them preferential treatment with the dream act and expansion of amnesty , businesses continue to hire illegal immigrants from south america because they are cheaper and have less labor leverage than native citizens , and businesses slam both english and spanish labels over all product packaging and signage , which means that a fresh immigrant can survive almost indefinitely without learning the local language . 
  one could argue that since catholics , [ now a staggering 21 % of the population of the usa , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_united_states ) are no longer spurned in the way irish and italians were , so the religious point is probably not very relevant compared to a religion like hinduism or islam . 
  but since both of those religions represent fewer than 1 % of worship , we do n't really have a case study for that . 
  it 's a hard call to tell how quickly mestizo americans assimilate because , like all the other cases , it 's a 2-way street of the new population accepting american customs and language and the old population willing not to sweat skin-deep differences . 
  in the former case , we see that [ only 57 % of mestizos who claimed to be able to speak spanish ] ( http://www.infoplease.com/spot/hhmcensus1.html ) could speak english `` very well , '' and 73 % of them spoke spanish at home . 
  considering the very first large wave of immigration of mexico began in the 1970s , this is approximately 2 generations ' worth of people -- it 's uncertain whether the 3rd generation will see lower numbers . 
  i wish i had language data on german , irish , italian , and black americans to compare , but from a functional standpoint i do n't think 57 % is good enough an effort . 
  with hillary clinton tweeting in spanish and the aforementioned signs and product packages being shipped in spanish , there 's probably not a very good incentive to bother learning english . 
  on the other side , you have the 2008 recession which harmed many lower-class americans , many of whom still have n't recovered 8 years later . 
  this has lead to trump 's rise , with one of his policy points being the expulsion of illegal immigrants from the country , most of whom are mestizo and spanish-speaking . 
  many of those voters believe that businesses are hiring illegal immigrants over them because the businesses do not have to pay as much in wages , so in their minds , deporting the illegal immigrants will help restore the job market for the lower class . 
  given trump 's poll numbers , there 's a sizeable amount of americans who seem to believe illegal immigration is a critical problem ; this might lend to a theory that mestizo americans , despite all of the efforts to bring them into american society by the government and businesses , has not been truly successful . 
  it 's either that , or the voters have an extreme care for the upholding of rule of law . 
  i opened this post talking about how german-ethnicity americans were only truly assimilated after world war 1 began and they had no choice * but to * drop their old culture , lest they be branded as traitors . 
  given the level of resentment and rhetoric recently , it may very well be a war or some other conflict that resolves the tension today . 
  / u/kahzootoh mentioned eastern europeans and chinese in his post but they did n't arrive in large enough numbers for me to comment . 
  one one hand , if those groups do n't assimilate to the natural culture and language , that 's unfortunate , but on the other hand their cultural ghettoes do n't affect other citizens much at large unless they come as large groups . 
  germans , italians , irish , blacks , and mestizos all arrived in such numbers that they did/would almost certainly leave some sort of permanent fingerprint on american culture . 
  what i think people should be worried about is whether that change is healthy/positive or whether it causes a factional schism based on resentment . 
  this is a key point . 
  in the context of the usa , there 's no equivalent of h1b visa abuse or illegal immigration abuse for hedge fund managers , bankers , upper level business managers , or investors . 
  if there was , you 'd suddenly see the bourgeois care a lot more about immigration issues . 
   road tolls are just a camera registering your license plate . 
  the authorities will send you an invoice later . 
  my state does n't even need that : http://www.illinoistollway.com/tolls-and-i-pass/about-i-pass you buy a transponder chip ( that you place in your car , usually mounted on the windshield ) that gets triggered while passing under a checkpoint , which automatically deducts money from an electronic account . 
   from the moment you let a fart too loud people will assume it 's a bomb . 
  i guess that 's why beer-drinking countries like germany and belgium get more terrorism reports lately ? 
  so again , to affront the razor , all criminals ( especially those wielding guns ) are piles of quivering jelly when they commit the crimes that they were prepared to do . 
  good to know , i guess . 
  for someone who initially brought up occam 's razor , you 're making a lot of excuses for a ` robbed ' man who still had his watch , his smartphone , and his wallet on his corpse at the time of the ` robbery . ', 
  you know , a smartphone he was using to call his girlfriend , in his hand , right when the shooting began to happen . 
  you 're really telling me that a robber wimped out after shooting a man twice and * could n't grab a phone * ? 
  fumbling when looking for something to steal ... 
  when his body clearly had his wallet on him ? 
  no , resort to the razor yourself lad . 
  dude , research the person he 's talking about . 
  the police called it a ` mugging ' when nothing was stolen off his body , not even money from his wallet . 
  that 's not a ` mugging ' . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  corporate employees are part of society , and ultimately they benefit downstream from taxes ( like everyone else ) . 
  those taxes should be paid by their corporations , not avoided or evaded . 
  apple 's floating airbase is called ireland , 
  i think you 're missing the context . 
  apple is a us corporation . 
  it pays the usa taxes . 
  those taxes go into public services . 
  when apple cheats its taxes , whether it 's avoidance or evasion , the citizens ( who are also taxpayers ) hurt . 
  so ambulances and police cars can drive down them . 
  the common us citizen wants fair taxes out of apple , too . 
  you know , to pay for roads , hospitals , and schools that corporate employees and their children use . 
  because that 's shopping for refuge . 
  temporary respite from war in the homeland will eventually end . 
  refugees should be happy * any * country offers to take them ; they should n't burn cars in calais because they ca n't go somewhere ` nicer ' to temporarily stay until the war is over . 
  it 's easy to overlook illegal immigrants when corporate lobbyists ( who want cheap de facto slave labor ) shovel bribes in front of american congressmen . 
  of course , that 's not equivalent to a true refugee fearing for his or her life in a mine-ridden battlefield of a homeland . 
  but it is comparable to a refuge-shopping economic `` refugee '' who stops in greece , says `` nah they 're too poor , '' travels through the balkans , says `` nah , no jobs here , '' stops in france , says `` welfare 's alright but i really want to get into the uk . '', 
  that 's not a refugee at all . 
  but apparently neither my government nor the eu want to acknowledge that these economic opportunists are different than those who immigrate legally or are seeking refuge from political and religious violence . 
  are you even reading the quote tree , my friend , or are the dummies who have vote bombed me hiding everything ? 
  their argument : india has a large pool of candidates to draw athletes from , so even if there 's only 16 slots for fencing , they get their best 16 fencers out of 20,000 fencers or whatever number of applicants it happens to be . 
  so india should be a great competitor due to their human resources . 
  but they are n't . 
  they suck .
