  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/11/business/economy/a-simple-equation-more-education-more-income.html?_r=0 ) so shitting on uneducated people , like what the op of this quote tree is doing , can very easily be interpreted as classism . 
  uneducated people do n't just magically not have political interests ( or self-interest ) because they are uneducated . 
  nor should their interests be sidelined and smeared because of their education levels . 
  and to take it one step further , the fact that educated ( read : middle class and upper class ) citizens are drawn to a particular ideology ( read : neoliberal or neoconservative globalism ) does n't mean all debate and respect should be yielded to them . 
  they earn more money . 
  their interests dictate policies that retain their wealth and position in society , often at the expense of the livelihood of the lower class . 
  all of those groups have political interests , class interests , and self-interest . 
  i 'm sick of people acting otherwise . 
  you might not like the way the lower class expresses its political will , but tough luck . 
  to call them dumb and call it a day is even more embarrassing and antiintellectual to me than the fact that most of the lower class have n't had half the fucking opportunities as you folks do . 
  i do n't respect people who squander . 
  i did n't realize that we 're the terror that lurks in the depths of each frenchman 's mind . 
  has it been embedded there since the quasi war ? 
  i would prefer being called new france over `` illanois '', 
  sounds strict . 
  your house , your rules . 
  apparently this subreddit is shortsighted and does n't like the website archive dot is , so my response was just automatically deleted by a bot for containing a link to that archive site . 
  on an article that has a paywall . 
  great thinking mods . 
  here 's the original post with the link scrubbed :  * [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_weigel ) seems to think that ww1 began the process : http://www.ewtnnews.co.uk/catholic-news/us.php?id=9318  * some bombed areas post-ww2 were taken over and occupied by soviets , who enforced state atheism  * [ this article ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb118434936941966055 ) ( which is behind a paywall , so use = = = = = = = = = = = =  states that church attendance has been on a decline since ww2  it 's not much of a stretch for a man who has seen his fellow man slaughter with machine guns , with nuclear weapons , with mustard gas , rotting to death in trenches , engaging in total warfare with tanks , to lose faith in god . 
   naturally the low or declining religiosity of the entire population does not guarantee that population 's government has secular laws , but it 's a strong correlation . 
  it 's a bit hard to run a theocracy when the plurality ( ~ 40 % ) of people in a country like the netherlands belong to no religion . 
  the bombing of europe in ww2 accelerated secularism . 
   then do n't require anything ... because tragedy of the commons and freeloading are behaviors in psychology in economics we 've known about for hundreds of years now ? 
  this entire quote tree is like a thorny bramble of circular logic . 
  sounds like something a perfidious canadian would say . 
  `` bring on the climate change , more unlocked oil , farmland , and trade routes for me ! '', 
  ahhh , detroit-in-the-sea , how romantic !, 
  they kick the can down the road until someone threatens to displace them ( or they serve their maximum term limits ) . 
  such people need to be figuratively kicked in the face . 
   the same kind of people who were stomping gays are they truly the same people if this is a new phenomenon ? 
   the most obvious parallel i see is the combination of both high level politicians and media without any form of back bone . 
  and beer hall putsches , and mein kampf-style literature , and political violence aimed at suppressing civic engagement , and active disregard for human rights , and ... well actually it seems these situations are n't similar at all , because none of those have happened . 
   when asked about populist-style political leaders emerging in europe , pope francis said that in times of crisis , people `` we look for a savior to give us back identity , and we defend ourselves with walls , barbed-wire fences , from other peoples . '', 
  the problem , of course , with the pope 's statements is that any sufficiently large group of people protesting , marching , and demanding a political paradigm shift while following a leader can be described as `` fascist '' or `` proto-fascist . '', 
  pardon me for american examples : the civil rights movement of the 1960s was fascist . 
  look , martin luther king jr. is charismatic and leads a bunch of people !, 
  oh no , the civil rights movement contains people like the black panthers , who were primarily worried about `` defending themselves from other peoples ! '', 
  also the women 's liberation movement , which happened roughly at the same time -- betty friedan is a fascist because she took an exclusive ( i.e. 
  in-group women , out-group men ) worldview to change national perception of the identity of a certain group , saying things like * `` the feminists had destroyed the old image of woman , but they could not erase the hostility , the prejudice , the discrimination that still remained . 
  '' * and she had a bunch of followers and wanted to enact political change , so she must be a populist and therefore a fascist . 
  it 's really quite sad to me to see that unfounded ad hominem attacks and snarl words like ` populist ' and ` fascist ' are enough to shut down any discourse in the us and europe now . 
  if any whack-a-mole pops through the hole , call them a fascist and you win the game . 
   concepts like patriotism and nationalism , but those concept are often deeply ingrained in the minds of the people . 
  some anthropologists would say that those are basic human instincts . 
  t. / u/gypsiehunter nah but seriously , i agree with the content of your post , but that sentence and your username line up a little bit too uncomfortably . 
   you do n't need reports about hacks to take russia serious . 
  annexing bordering land and an openly hostile and anti-western government should already ring the alarm bells . 
  good thing americans were hardline in 2008 when russia invaded georgia . 
  good thing americans were hardline in 2012 when putin began the tandemocracy after medvedev . 
  good thing americans were hardline in 2014 when russia invaded ukraine . 
  but no , the american media and our democratic party only cares in 2016 when there are political points to score . 
  god fucking damn , seriously ? 
   are justifying islamophobic policies and rhetoric by arguing that muslims are anti-gay !, 
  wanting not to be thrown off a building is an `` irrational '' ( - phobic ) fear for gay people ? 
  i do n't blame gays for hating historical christian opposition to their rights and therefore i would find it quite silly to give the muslim opposition a pass . 
  you 're disregarding the deterrent effect of alliances , which is far more effective than the actual physical response ( unless you consider franz ferdinand shitstorm ii a positive ) . 
  not to mention nato is a nuclear era alliance , which means that the weakest members of the alliance gain a mad-intimidation factor just as much as the strongest members of the alliance . 
  it 's very disproportionate . 
  the same principle applied to the concert of europe , but without nuclear weapons . 
  however , it 's hard to prove an event that * has n't * happened due to a factor compared to an event that has clearly been correlated . 
  that 's an unfortunate limitation of empiricism . 
   you should thank britain especially . 
  i have no doubt that they contributed , but mutually assured destruction with nuclear weapons is probably was what ensured safety from 1945 to 1990 . 
  and that 's on the backs of german scientists and the american economy . 
  i suppose you could count the lives lost in proxy wars ( russia 's invasion of afghanistan , deposed south american governments , etc. ), 
  as well in that equation . 
   which would accelerate our gdp growth , as military investment counts into government spending obviously . 
  accounting 101 ( gdp = c + i + g + ( x - m ) or gdp = private consumption + gross investment + government investment + government spending + ( exports - imports ) yes , but tax dollars are generally more effective spurring citizen consumption , i.e. 
  keynesian economics . 
  right now american bases in germany already do that to a certain degree , because americans are purchasing goods from the cities in which they are stationed . 
  then there 's the consideration that a military costs money , which is a sunk cost for a non-economic good ( security ) . 
  non-economic in the sense that , when you have it , everything is swell and dandy and running at 100 % , and when you do n't have it , you 're getting pillaged like rome . 
  it 's quite binary . 
  so if the `` government spending '' portion of the gdp equation shifts from `` us government spending '' to `` german government spending , '' you in fact will see a drop in gdp ( because the `` investment '' is in a non-economic sector that wo n't have any ripple-effect throughout the economy ) while my country will see a boost . 
  and i 'm fine with that . 
  if you think of the usa as your enemy , that 's fine , i do n't really care what you do . 
  but i 'm not going to be called an enemy while you accept our money . 
   germany is rebuilding it 's army aswell . 
  and i 'm pretty sure we can take the `` reduce '' in gdp growth . 
  i hope you do , because i do n't necessarily want a russian-controlled europe either . 
  if it saves my country tax dollars to redistribute to the american working class and poor , yes , of course i will prefer them over subsidizing people who consider us `` the enemy . '', 
  like i said before , though ,  i can wake up tomorrow to find russians burning prague , berlin , and london and it would be difficult for me to summon a shit . 
  and that might be a direct correlation . 
  enjoy reducing your gdp growth because you actually have to fund a military ( to make up the gap ) , i guess . 
  we would gladly go home . 
  thanks for the logic . 
  i 'm interested to see how high your post goes up and my post goes down despite our saying similar things . 
  so treat us like one instead of gratefully accepting our tax dollars in the form of defense/security . 
  until then comments like these are like petulant whining from a child . 
  i can wake up tomorrow to find russians burning prague , berlin , and london and it would be difficult for me to summon a shit . 
  the taxes laden on me by government , secured for your defense , are sadly far more physical to me . 
  if you want to take that burden back , by all means take it instead of shitposting on reddit . 
  maybe we could fund our own social programs instead of buoying ingrates . 
   because there is no scientific basis whatsoever for these categories we place ourselves and each other in . 
  um ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup no doubt you can argue that it 's a bad idea to organize a country around that , but it would just be more goalpost moving from someone who boldly proclaims `` there 's no science '' ( giving me very little reason to listen to your normative conclusions ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_selfish_gene this is n't even new science -- over fifty years ago gene-centered arguments for evolutionary stable populations were crafted . 
  and dawkins himself had the prescience both popularize the field as well as to invent the word `` meme , '' for how that relates to culture ( i.e. 
  groups that participate in particular cultural practices are more stable/successful , independent of the genetic side of the equation ) . 
  the belief in elements within democracy , like the [ social contract , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_contract ) is a meme ; countries set up tents around those ideas as part of [ civic nationalism .
