  do you even read this word ? 
  besides check what aesti represent in first place . 
    the aesti ( also aestii or aests ) were an ancient people first described by the roman historian tacitus in his treatise germania ( circa 98 ce ) . 
  [ 1 ] according to tacitus , aestui , the land of the aesti , was located somewhere east of the suiones ( swedes ) and west of the sitones ( possibly the kvens ) , on the suebian ( baltic ) sea . 
  this and other evidence suggests that aestui was in or near the present-day russian enclave of kaliningrad oblast ( previously east prussia ) . 
    despite the phonological similarity between aestui and the modern ethnonyms of estonia , especially in popular etymologies , the two geographical areas are not contiguous and there are few , if any , direct historical links between them . 
  first europe has to deal with external threat on it 's home turf before rolling on , on saudis . 
   yeah , the main thing i could think of to improve the show as a whole would show the borders in accordance with the action of the week ( like occupied areas , etc. ), 
  they do show when they talk about [ gains ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruetmrjbkwi#t=2m40s ) . 
  same , went 7/3 got placed in g1 as dv in soloq . 
  vilnius was n't majority lithuanian , you could argue that they were `` polonized lithuanians '' , but still , ussr has no excuse on legitimately annexing it . 
   `` grand duke of lithuania , russia , \u017demaitia etc. '', 
  ruthenia/rus ' . 
  saying just russia makes ukraine and belarus excluded . 
   challenger vs ~ ~ * anti-challenger * ~ ~ challenged ( bottom 200 players ), 
  ftfy, 
  song just does n't fit it . 
  if riot is going to make eune irrelevant server , why not just merge it already into one single eu server . 
  is n't the technology here after all these years ? 
  nope . 
  this us just a common repetitive myth . 
  i have been playing on both servers from silver to diamond , both are literally the same on toxicity level . 
  6 ~ years to improve infrastructure is more than enough time . 
  europe is smaller than na . 
  plus what it has to do with na and latamerica ? 
  we 're talking about europe . 
  i just usually mute these kind of players , they just never stop writing in their native language . 
  because eune was always treated as second tier european server . 
  it 's hard to see good players being breed from eune because all the pros play on euw , all the main events/weekly tournaments take in euw server , let 's not count that they have higher population of players . 
  the more time passes the less eune will become attractive , because it 's pretty pointless to play there . 
  the only difference between euw and eune is that i get + -10 ms. 
   it 's worse , not much worse , but still worse . 
  make up your mind . 
  pretty sure you 're just making yourself think that way . 
  i clearly meant geographical size . 
  but knowing how terrible americans are at geography it 's not surprise you 're confused . 
  eune is ~ ~ far ~ ~ smaller than na , it 's barely half of the size of euw . 
  eune and euw existence makes no sense at this very moment . 
   also the eune servers are in germany and the euw ones in the netherlands afaik, 
  that 's the problem , how the hell eu servers still ca n't handle million and half extra player base after 6 years have passed . 
  [ eune and euw in nutshell . 
  if the difference is small then it 's practically non existing and irrelevant to the topic . 
  there is russian server , you know ? 
  how is that memeing ? 
  you 're just talking non-sense that has nothing to do with a topic . 
  nothing really surprising , bunch of them are teens . 
   european regional leagues, 
  alongside our challenger series qualifier update we announced the involvement of national leagues ( now officially called european regional leagues , or erl ) in germany , poland and spain . 
  for the summer challenger series qualifiers we are aiming to expand the number of european regional league champions to include uk , france and the nordic regions . 
  umm , you think adding ~ 1.5 mil players would n't help euw become a more competitive server ? 
  both euw and eune are in same region . 
  both links include ukraine which belonged to kingdom of poland at that time . 
  rather used feudalism at it 's fullest potential - inheriting the land . 
  well we had two nemesis teutonic order ( predecessor of prussia who later united germany ) and muscovy ( predecessor of russia ) . 
  that 's really nice cosplay . 
  well done . 
   the baltic states share a lot of nordic and ** slavic roots **, 
  name those roots . 
  he has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  belarus means white rus ' . 
  russia , ukraine and belarus are all descendent of rus ' people . 
  well , it [ used ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/mongolempire.jpg ) to be ... 
  belarus used to be part of larger east slavic state - kievan rus ' , after it 's fall in xiii c. it was their last time they were independent ( from mongols , to lithuanians , to russians , to poles , to soviets ) up until 1990 's . 
  nicely drawn , bro . 
  * with a greco-roman intellect *, 
  * it 's the way we 're short-wired *, 
  * it 's a civilizing force that demands respect *, 
  * from the baltic to the straits of gibraltar *, 
  * a blue flag gold star sparks a brand new empire *, 
  * ours to build , ours the choice *, 
  not in lithuania though . 
  og german prussia was born from to . 
  edit : since you deleted your comment ... 
   teutonic order was abolished in early 16th century , what are you talking about, 
  after to was abolished , duchy of prussia was created in it 's place . 
  you do n't lose any health at all after trade , you can just heal back up with e. 
  really well made , friend . 
  well painted the shittiest country that existed in this world . 
  sonic burst mage , you do crazy dmg while running around like crazy . 
  ussr is the og country who held the title on starving and murdering people in masses . 
  stalinist ussr or japanese occupied korea . 
  both places are/were absolute totalitarian shit holes with purpose to fall eventually . 
  you do know ussr existed before nazi germany ? 
  ussr murdering numbers triples that of nazi germany . 
   after the soviet union dissolved , evidence from the soviet archives became available , containing official records of the execution of approximately 800,000 prisoners under stalin for either political or criminal offenses , around 1.7 million deaths in the gulags and some 390,000 deaths during kulak forced resettlement -- for a total of about 3 million officially recorded victims in these categories . 
   some historians attempt to make separate estimates for different periods of the soviet history , with casualties for the stalinist period varying from 8 to 61 million . 
  several scholars , among them stalin biographer simon sebag montefiore , former politburo member alexander nikolaevich yakovlev and the director of yale 's `` annals of communism '' series jonathan brent , put the death toll at about 20 million . 
  cultural area does n't include just language . 
  polish western borders have n't been polish for the last 700 years because germany controlled them since xiv c. until stalin shifted borders after ww2 . 
   i have several russian friends from karelia, 
  when finland had to give up karelia finnish population had to flee while meantime soviets replaced original population with russian speaking one . 
  seems to [ fallow the lines ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2a/europe_%281896%29%2c_ethnic_groups.jpg ) , but looking at the lines of nation borders i would n't trust the culture borders being perfect either . 
  i really like riot , as company and their employees they 're awesome , but ffs it has been roughly 6 years since you split the eu server . 
  where the hell is infrastructure we deserve . 
  i know na has lower population than euw+eune , but we honestly really deserve to have one server once again , that would greatly improve experience in soloq as it would make gap bigger , more talent could be bred etc. 
  all i wish is that we had one eu server . 
   karelia has never been part of finland ( excluding occupation in 1941-44 ), 
  that does n't change the fact that og inhabitants were og karelians , not russian speaking eastern slavs after soviets replaced population . 
  this country was held by iron first , not by democracy , no matter the vote , the country was destined to be destroyed as it was built on blood , not on friendship . 
  nothing to see boys .
