  for a hungarian , you know very much about the dutch politics . 
  if le pen will win the elections , she want to organise a frexit-referendum . 
  there is a serious chance for a frexit . 
  your president orban has trump inspired with building walls at borders, 
  poland is more like the mid-west-states . 
  except east-poland . 
  every country has the right to become an independent state , also scotland and catalonia . 
  belgium has a lot of people who are nationalist . 
  they want that flanders or wallonia would like to become an independent state . 
  the two biggest right-wing parties ( nieuw-vlaamse alliantie en vlaams belang ) want that flanders would like to become an independent state . 
  as a dutchman , i 'm agree with you . 
  great cities , great infrastructure , but the country is so flat ( except the south-east part of the netherlands ) . 
  ireland , i do n't know why , but i 'm not interested in that country . 
  ireland is more like `` uk with euro '' and has in my opinion less history in comparison with continental europe . 
  we have not so many deplorables as in the uk . 
  most parties do n't want a referendum about the eu . 
  no , you have to carry an id-card, 
  not us, 
  in the netherlands you can follow driving lessons when you 're 16,5 . 
  when you 're 17 , you can go for your driving exams . 
  you can go for your theory exams when you 're 16 . 
  you have to pass your theory exams if you 're go for your driving exams . 
  some people learn driving in a simulator , some people learn driving at a quite road . 
  it is n't forbidden , but is n't acceptable, 
  or leuven , a bit smaller , but a very nice city, 
  i 'm disagree with you . 
  both , brussels and frankfurt are beautiful cities . 
  i think frankfurt , because germany is the most important country of the eu . 
  i do n't interested in the dutch caribbean islands . 
  is expensive to come to these islands and for sun , sea and beach you can also travel to spain , which is cheaper than travel to aruba or bonaire . 
  from berlin to amsterdam there is a two-hourly train service which you can bring from berlin to amsterdam in 6 hours for $ 39 euro . 
  but , between berlin and amsterdam are n't interesting cities . 
  in the environment of berlin , there are more interesting cities like posen ( pl ) , dresden or prague . 
  the train from berlin to these cities costs $ 19 . 
  you can also take the bus from berlin to breslau , and from breslau you can take the train to dresden . 
  between dresden and prague , there is a two-hourly train-service . 
  i think an eu-army to defend poland , the baltic states and finland is a good idea , but missions to africa or the middle-east is n't a good idea . 
  r/mapporn , for free karma, 
  i 've heard in my environment that the average age to have sex at the first time is 21 . 
  some people have sex when they are 16 , some people have sex for the first time when they are 36 . 
  not again an-anti-russia song . 
  i hope that someone will singing about trump , farage , wilders , le pen , orban , pis or other terrible far-right politicians . 
  thats more actually than singing about the mh17 or the war in east-ukraine . 
  i do n't know which acts will be send by other countries , but the netherlands will be going to lose , because we send three terrible and ugly girls to the eurovision song contest . 
  https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv%3dvjbfr9ntnne&amp;ved=0ahukewi1z8fxkmbrahuhccakhdr4auwqwqsbcegwaw&amp;usg=afqjcnfozxu2eamcg0ep76ec9mkktm1mha&amp;sig2=bvhgdjjorngx3j1lejch0a these three girls will be send to the eurovision song contest , it 's terrible and these girls are really ugly . 
  but five years younger in comparison with the netherlands where 21 is the avarage age to have sex for the first time . 
  16 years is very young, 
  in the netherlands , the average age to have sex for the first time is 21 . 
  most dutchmen can speak german and english , thus 3 languages . 
  beer in norway is really expensive, 
  czech republic - cheap , not so far from the netherlands , beautiful cities poland - cheap , not so far from the netherlands , beautiful cities switzerland - not so far from the netherlands , beautiful cities , beautiful nature, 
  i think flixbus . 
  another option is a sch\u00f6nes-wochenende - ticket from $ 40 . 
  you can travel from berlin to appenweir en from appenweir to strassburg you can use a ticket from $ 5 . 
  with a sch\u00f6nes-wochenende-ticket you can use all the regional trains , not ic/ec or ice . 
  this ticket is valid on a saturday or sunday . 
  i see moldova as an independent country , there are to many differences between moldova and romania . 
  if you want to fuse moldava and romania , you can also fuse germany and austria and the netherlands and flandres . 
  slavic eu : poland , czechia , slowakia , hungary ( not slavic , but member of the visegrad-group ) and perhaps the baltics . 
  germanic eu : netherlands , germany , austria , luxemburg and perhaps belgium and switzerland . 
  beautiful hilly landscape in germany and belgium, 
  the new european countries : poland , czechia , slowakia and hungary , because we invest a lot of money in these countries , but they do n't doing anything back . 
  these countries do n't want one refugree and thats the reason why i think these countries are selfish . 
  italy , i like pizza and pasta . 
  dutch food is boring . 
  domestic flights are n't popular in the netherlands . 
  we 've a very good train network that connecting the cities . 
  in a bigger country like germany , domestic flights are more popular , expecialy the flights between hamburg and m\u00fcnchen and flights to wien . 
  http://ssrotterdam.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/621-rotterdam-festivals-1024x683.jpg new years eve in rotterdam , the second city of the netherlands, 
  asia and australia have entering 2017 , but not europe, 
  hamburg is overrated . 
  with porto and lyon i 've no experience . 
  no more far-right politicians , who wins elections.many people hate them . 
  you will vote for wilders in march . 
  thats very bad . 
  refugees are n't a big problem , the whole problem is the high popularity of far-right politicians in europe ( wilders , trump , farage , le pen , orban , pis ) . 
  you can see that pis will destroy the complete republic of poland . 
  we 've a lot of political parties in the netherlands . 
  here is a list of the most important parties in the netherlands : vvd = liberal-conservative ( big ) d66 = liberal-progressive ( middle ) pvv = trump-style populistic ( middle ) pvda = social-democratic ( labour ) ( middle , in the past big ) sp = socialism ( middle ) gl = green-style progressive ( middle , in the past small ) pvdd = green-style socialism ( small ) cda = confessional-democratic ( middle , in the past big ) cu = social-confessional ( small ) sgp = confessional-conservative ( small ) see here for more information : https://www.houseofrepresentatives.nl/home, 
  dutch at native level . 
  english and german a little bit . 
  monaco has a frequent train service to nice . 
  lichtenstein has a frequent bus service to switzerland . 
  it is n't difficult to visit that countries , but i do n't think how to reach san marino . 
  i will also avoid ukraine ( except lemberg ) and turkey . 
  there is so much poverty in ukraine and turkey . 
  thats not my idea, 
  not so popular , because many dutchmen use forum.fok.nl as online community . 
  i 'm agree with you , see the brexit, 
  the problem is that low-educated people will get more children and at a younger age children than high-educated children , because everyone who get children will getting money from the government and people with a low income will getting more money from the government than people with a high income . 
  i do n't know the german system , but the dutch system is very bad . 
  to bullying people . 
  most people do n't like refugees and in the past , there were conflicts with people who hate refugees . 
  we want more refugees, 
  no , the train service bielefeld-bad bentheim will be extend to hengelo in december 2017 . 
  bielefeld is a beautiful city , and i thinka lot of dutchmen will visit bielefeld next year , because bielefeld will get a train service to the netherlands . 
  we also , germany is very important for the dutch economy and many dutchmen like germany , but germany is the most important enemy during soccer-matches . 
  in the eastern part of the netherlands , german is important , because the trade relations with germany . 
  in maastricht , french is important . 
  if u/somerockpassingby want to travel by eurostar , he cans better visit the christmas market in k\u00f6ln .
