not really , we do n't have banlieus or `` molenbeek '' . 
  but some neighbours like `` the schilderswijk '' are n't very safe . 
  the schilderswijk has a lot of immigrants . 
  on google streetview , it looks like a normal street . 
  that looks not good . 
  no , we are safe in the west of europe . 
  poland and germany are our shields . 
  it is better to keep poland and germany as friends , because they can defend us from a russian attack . 
  chinese , bami with foe yung hai . 
  on orther words , switzerland , the second german empire and the austria-hungary monarchy . 
  in other words , countries who were part of the austria-hungary monarchy in 1900 . 
  usa , unfortunately, 
  czechia or hungary , enough space for 17 million people , but not to big . 
  300 metres = / mountains, 
  i think estonia , because the finnish style of life there, 
  polish girls like germans and dutch , because they are ` rich ', 
  netherlands , especially in university cities like utrecht and groningen, 
  maastricht ( it 's not a typical dutch city , but beautiful ) 2 . 
  munich and berlin, 
  mountains in latvia ? 
  no , in april i was in czechia and i thought all the czech people talking like putin . 
  i 'm hoping for ice 's between frankfurt and prague , because with an ice frankfurt-prague it is easier to take the train if you want to travel between the benelux/france/western germany and czechia . 
  but an ice-service frankfurt-prague is quite unrealistic . 
  and germans who are digging holes, 
  many germans will visit the dutch beaches , because it is closer to them ( rhein-ruhr regio ) than the beaches in france , spain or italy . 
  you can better take the train in czechia , but some connections are very slow . 
  for example karvoly vary-prague in 3 hours , same goes for liberec-prague . 
  the netherlands , we have beautiful girls , mainly at universities . 
  erdo money, 
  building bridges , no walls . 
  it 's a better way to success . 
  germany is in various opinions much better than france : better education , better economy , better public transport , less nationalistic . 
  no , learning an exotic language is to inefficient for me . 
  it is better for me to improve my english and german . 
  no , corruption is non-exist in the netherlands, 
  r/mapporn for interresting maps, 
  no , the culture of these countries are to different from the culture of the european countries . 
  expensive housing, 
  poles and bulgarians want to work in germany . 
  i did n't have problems with deutsche bahn . 
  the abellio-train-service between d\u00fcsseldorf and arnhem has more problems . 
  the re5 is a disaster in punctuality , these trains are always to late . 
  expensive , xenophobe , do n't want joining the eu and euro , beautiful cities and beautiful landscape , people speak german . 
  the people from nordrhein-westfalen do n't learn dutch , because we have to learn german and conversations between dutchmen and german are mostly hold in german . 
  never seen a tv in a church, 
  0 children, 
  i 've never seen gypsies, 
  do you mean usti nad labem ? 
  biggest german city without an intercity-service , thats bad for chemnitz, 
  it looks like typical communistic, 
  zeeuws-vlaanderen ( south-west , dealing the border with belgium ) , it 's boring , bad public transport , the education there has a bad connection with the belgium education or belgium workculture . 
  that is very important for that region , because belgium cities like antwerp , ghent and bruges are more close to zeeuws-vlaanderen than rotterdam or breda . 
  a student city like groningen or nijmegen , because more beautiful girls are living in student cities than in the country, 
  new slogan for the afd-compaign, 
  do n't forget thierry baudet, 
  once or twice per year, 
  ddr was the most pro-russian communistic state . 
  that did n't surprise me . 
  make albania italian again, 
  czechia , because it 's most developed of all the former communist countries . 
  and poland has pis , hungary has orban . 
  thats bad . 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted , because you have to be right . 
  the pis-party is serious scary with his racism and anti-european attitude . 
  yeah , moldova by the eu , that will be a great success . 
  i 'm against joining the eu though moldova , because moldova is so poor , joining the eu though moldova cost us a lot of money . 
  scotland and catelonia will be independant states , belgium will be split up in flandres en wallonia . 
  eupen-malmedy goes to nordrhein-westfalen/deutschland . 
  utrecht , it is in the center of my country , central point in the infrastructure , it has all the facilities ( the hague has n't a big university ) and it is n't amsterdam . 
  amsterdam is n't the netherlands , in amsterdam english is the most spoken language instead of dutch and it is to progressive and liberal ( legalize drugs , etc. ), 
  never heard of that, 
  is n't she czechian ? 
  but your country has the donau , same goes for slovakia , hungary and serbia . 
  czechia has the elbe . 
  to many tourists , to liberal , to much anglo-american style ?? 
  hamburg , i 'm disappointed about that city when i 've visit hamburg, 
  also many dutch students will partying in prague ( and krakau/budapest ) , not only germans, 
  berlin , so many interesting things to see there, 
  german , because i 'm living 15 kilometres behind the german border , germany is the most important trade partner of the netherlands and the most important country of europe . 
  also , german is the most spoken language of the european union and it is easier to communicate in german in several central-european countries than communicate in english . 
  www.nsinternational.nl , $ 29 for a single trip brussels -  amsterdam, 
  at secondary school we have exams at the school . 
  this exams will be following by the press and general public . 
  at high school we have one exam at the end from 9:00 am to 4:30 pm , with a break between 1:00 p.m. to 2:00 p.m. 
  this exam wo n't be following by the press and general public , but you have to keep a sufficient mark to get your diploma . 
  the 're digging holes at the beach ? 
  you can find dutchmen in berlin and cities in nord-rhein-westfalen like d\u00fcsseldorf , k\u00f6ln and aachen . 
  many dutch tourist will visit nord-rhein-westfalen for one day . 
  haha , it 's true . 
  i 've visited czechia in april 2017 and i thought between the netherlands and czechia there are a fewer differences than between the netherlands and the uk . 
  that said a lot about the uk , because czechia was situated behind the iron curtain and it 's slavic , uk germanic . 
  wageningen ? 
  mostly from germany, 
  not a culture shock , but the uk is totally different than the other european countries . 
  driving at the left side of the road , using miles instead of kilometres , another food . 
  why are the hungarian railways pretty bad ? 
  there are more trains and the frequency of the railway services are higher in hungary than in slovenia, 
  if you can read and write dutch , ask your question on this site : http://www.worldonrails.nl/forum/index.php, 
  dutch female students are n't bad , they are beautiful, 
  it is possible , but if you travel to warsaw you will waste more time , than if you travel to prague from budapest .
