  almost non-existent, 
  yes , because i want that the schengen-agreement will be continued . 
  most of poland is also flat , except south-poland, 
  dutch sounds like very bad german, 
  gent , belgium with a daytrip to lille , france, 
  no , the differences between the member states are to much . 
  you will make a point , but kicking poland/ungarn out of the eu is n't the solution, 
  liberal , many students vote for d66 ( progressive liberal ) or greenleft ( progressive green ), 
  south-limburg http://www.frankwandelt.nl/images/stories/wandelingen_nederland/ns_heuvelland/artikel/ns_heuvelland_artikel_350x234.png, 
  czechia , because we do n't say kingdom of the netherlands , kingdom of belgium , bundesrepublik deutschland . 
  why czech republic ? 
  no , russia is to big, 
  luxemburg , because it is very small and dependent from his neighbourghing countries . 
  palestine , because israel has n't excist, 
  i think yes , but we have less social inequality than in the us , thus bernie is n't a messias . 
  single 23-years old virgin, 
  are you from wallonia ? 
  spanish and french before german in sweden ? 
  thats surprise me . 
  english and german are to most important languages to learn . 
  besides , at school , pupils have also learn french . 
  for some studies at the high school/fachhochschule ( for example communication ) , pupils have also learn spanish , besides english , german and french . 
  berlin and the rhein-ruhr-regio, 
  do not drinking with unknowing girls who are talking to you at the street do n't use taxis , but public transport do n't change money on the street or at exchange offices , but change money at a big bank do n't buy iphones, 
  drinks costs in cz $ 1,50 , in nl $ 2 dining in a restaurant in cz $ 8 , in nl $ 12, 
  czechia is n't very cheap , except rail transport . 
  the prices are 75-80 % of the prices in the netherlands . 
  most countries on the balkan are much cheaper . 
  and every german has a flag in his garden, 
  more than you think, 
  culture differences between germany and switzerland ? 
  the language is the same . 
  this is askeurope not askamerica, 
  i do n't have visit one of the six caribbean islands ( aruba , bonaire , curacao , southern sint-maarten , saba or sint-eustanius ), 
  scotland will be independent ireland will be re-unified hungarian zones in slovakia and romania will become to hungary and futher , i do n't know, 
  i think , no more new countries ( except switzerland , norway or iceland ) by the eu for 10 years . 
  more power for the european parliament i think , no more rules that are not powerful, 
  yes , the us is a very strange country and i think if the us leaves the nato , we ( europe ) are not responsible for interventions in iraq , afghanistan , syria , mali , etc because , the us ( and russia ) started these wars . 
  not europe . 
  austria has deutschkreuz , in the neighbor of sopron / \u00d6denburg, 
  that we all using weed, 
  thats impossible , because the treaty of versailles, 
  germany for the western anschluss, 
  dresden-prague is a beautiful train route in a beautiful environment , but the cities like usti nad labem are decayed . 
  it looks like the rust belt in czechia . 
  it is the nord-west , not the nord-east, 
  but teplice is a beautiful town . 
  duisburg is the molenbeek of germany . 
  at duisburg hbf i saw many strange people, 
  and they will voting for pis, 
  the netherlands is great to live in . 
  we 're the most beautiful girls of europe in university cities , we have a modern welfare state , we have a good economy . 
  better in which opinion ? 
  i 've visit none of them , but vienna is smaller than rome or paris and has an easier language for communication . 
  rally and motocross are not so popular . 
  f1-racing are becoming more popular , because max verstappen is very popular in the netherlands . 
  not my political preference , but mark rutte is a good leader, 
  housing , the prices of houses will be rising very hard and no one want to fight against the rising prices of houses . 
  instead of that , many people and politicians think risings prices of houses are good for the economy . 
  no , to many differences between the countries . 
  i have more connection with germany ( nordrhein-westfalen ) than with belgium or luxemburg . 
  flandres speaks the same language , but the culture is more france-orientated and we ( the netherlands ) are more germany-orientated . 
  monday, 
  that we all like weed abd wearing clumbs . 
  welcome in the country with the language law, 
  except 2013 and 2014 we sent bad artists . 
  if we do n't sent good artists , i do n't watch it . 
  i think , we can better skipping the song contest than we send bad artists . 
  not really popular . 
  in the netherlands , there are a lot of songfestival-fans , but some people want that the netherlands will skipping the song contest . 
  on the other hand , 4 million people ( of the population of 17 million ) watched the song contest yesterday . 
  except 2013 and 2014 , we sent bad artists to the song contest . 
  no , the differences between countries like the netherlands and bulgaria are to much . 
  not really , most europeans are white and the poles and romanians works hard in the netherlands . 
  on the other hand , immigrants are mostly brown or black and many of them uses unemployment benefits . 
  not so far , maybe 100 kilometers for a single trip by bus or train . 
  public transport is relatively expensive in the netherlands . 
  i speak only dutch ( native ) , english and german ( both a little bit ), 
  schengen and the euro . 
  its makes it easily to travel in europe . 
  i 'm fully agree with you . 
  too many women wear make-up . 
  time for less , less , less make-up !, 
  unfortunately very common, 
  for prague -  budapest the site of the czech railways , available in english , www.cd.cz . 
  for other connections , i do n't know , probably www.mav.hu, 
  i 'm 23 and i 've never drinking anything, 
  food trucks will be more popular in the netherlands, 
  for girls : anne fleur for boys : bram niels, 
  because dutchmen ca n't go handle with guns . 
  liberal gun laws in the netherlands is n't a good idea . 
  our gun laws are very strictly and harmonise strictly gun laws in the european union is a good idea . 
  i think , she will organise a referendum about a frexit and if a frexit will happen , the eu will become to an end and i think thats a bad situation . 
  berlin -  dresden -  prague -  vienna -  bratislava -  budapest is a logical way to visit many european cities, 
  amsterdam , we 've more beautiful and less touristic city in the netherlands than amsterdam like leiden , utrecht or groningen . 
  i hate tattoos , tattoos are very ugly, 
  free travel in europe without border controls and the euro are great . 
  the other things , meh, 
  good , pur public transport is very frequently . 
  every village has at least one time per hour a bus , but mostly two times per hour .
