  on main routes , the frequency is four times per hour , very frequent . 
  on the other side , the high speed lane between amsterdam , rotterdam and the belgium border is very crap . 
  many trains are defect and canceled . 
  not really , driving a car in the netherlands is very expensive and we 've a goid network of buses and trains . 
  fillion is in my opinion not to right , but to conservative . 
  i 'm pro-abortus , pro-choice of life and pro-lhbt-rights . 
  melechon is to left for me . 
  he is more leftish than our socialistic party and i think emilie roemer ( leader of the socialistic party ) is sometime somewhat extreme . 
  melechon is more extreme than roemer . 
  far left ( lenin ) vs far right ( trump ) . 
  in that situatie i wo n't vote for either . 
  i hope that macron will win . 
  melechon is to left , fillion to conservative and le pin will destroy france . 
  www.bahn.de , if you will booking 3 months before departing , tickets in germany costs $ 29 for a single trip , outside germany it is more expensive . 
  i 've something read about melenchon and i think he is far-left . 
  our most left-wing party ( the sp ) is more to the centre than melenchon . 
  mainly his point of view about the eu and retirement make him far-left . 
  munich has direct train services with salzburg , wien/vienna and budapest ( every 2 hours ) , innsbruck , verona ( every 2 hours ) , prague ( every 4 hours ) and z\u00fcrich ( every 4 hours ) . 
  all these places are nice , but z\u00fcrich is expensive . 
  you can also take the train to garmisch-partenkirchen , regensburg or passau ( all every hour ) , these cities are smaller , but also nice . 
  in german and austria you can talk in english , but in the czech republic and hungary most people do n't understand english . 
  before 1945 , poland were seen as a west/central-european country , not as east-europe . 
  germany , a better social welfare state than the uk . 
  no , we send bad artists ( ogene , sieneke , toppers ) to the eurovision song contest and that did n't make it interesting to follow . 
  thats unbelieveble , thats really terrible, 
  oh , slovakia is the belgium of central europe : bad roads , two languages ( slovak and hungarian ) , uses the euro , small country . 
  ukraine , due the war in east-ukraine , the prices are very low for foreigners , though the weak money of ukraine, 
  not in the netherlands . 
  the pro-eu-parties ( d66 , groenlinks , pvda ) are also pro-freedom of religion . 
  parties like vvd and cda are sceptic towards migration , but relatively pro-eu . 
  the more anti-islam parties ( pvv , fvd ) are also anti-eu . 
  kingsday at 27 april ( birthday of the king willem-alexander ) and freedom day at 5 may ( end of the ww2 for the european netherlands ), 
  i do n't sail , but sailing is popular under students, 
  eu = european union , not accessible for countries like morocco , turkey and russia . 
  the culture of these countries is to different from the european countries . 
  for many trains in france and italy ( tgv , eurostar ) you need a reservation . 
  reservations make the journey more expensive . 
  the most ice-trains ( except ice-sprinter ) are accessible without a reservation . 
  my tip : fly from the uk to amsterdam and visit amsterdam and utrecht . 
  from utrecht you can take the ice-train to frankfurt . 
  from frankfurt you can take the train to m\u00fcnchen . 
  from m\u00fcnchen you can take the train to austria , and also you can take the train to prague or budapest . 
  everything without a reservation . 
  ukraine , it 's poor , relatively unsafe , corrupt government , etc. 
  tomorrow three seats, 
  www.interrail.eu www.bahn.de ( website for the german railways , also available in english ), 
  r/netherlands , that sub is the english sub for the netherlands, 
  i hate alt-right and politicians who have connections with trump , putin , erdogan , netanyahu , orban , le pen . 
  bad , left ( pvda , gl , sp , pvdd ) has lost many seats and the vvd has won to many seats in my opinion . 
  also , denk and forum for democracy won seats , they are very bad politicians . 
  happily , the pvv is n't the biggest party and the sgp did ' t won more seats . 
  south holland . 
  south holland has major cities like rotterdam and the hague , greatest harbour , province with the highest population . 
  non-dutchmen only knows rutte and wilders as dutch politicians , they do n't know who is buma ( conservative ) , pechtold ( democratic party , progressive ) or klaver ( green-style progressive , obama/trudeau-style ) . 
  thats makes a difference , a lot of non-dutchmen think that there is only a choice between rutte or wilders . 
  lille ( fr ) or maastricht ( nl ) are very pretty cities to visit, 
  we have a king , king willem-alexander . 
  he was called king beer . 
  not popular , i 've never heard of it, 
  in april i will travel to the czech republic and it is a lot easier to change only euros in czech krones than change dutch guldens in german marks and czech krones . 
  thats a great advantage of the euro . 
  besides , next to the us dollar , the euro is the second currency in the world and the first currency in europe and also very important in countries who does n't use the euro like switzerland , denmark , poland and hungary . 
  no , i do n't want border controls or leave the euro-zone . 
  i live 15 kilometres from germany ( 80 kilometres from duisburg ) and without border controls or change money visiting germany is very nice . 
  milk, 
  young gouda cheese, 
  not russia and not turkey , these countries are to big and to many differences in culture . 
  the difference is that in poland , chezia ( geographically west , culturelly east ) and hungary the presidents/prime ministers are right-wing populists . 
  in germany , netherlands , france or uk we do n't have right-wing populists as presidents/prime ministers ( until 7 may ) . 
  not more than 25 % will vote for the pvv , thats not the majority . 
  all the eastern european countries has voted for right-wing-populistic politicians . 
  thats is why i believe , eastern european countries are less civilized than western european countries like germany and the netherlands . 
  make the netherlands ours again !, 
  that looks bad, 
  geert wilders , the man with yellow hair who will ban the islam and want to organize a nexit-referendum . 
  his slogan is : netherlands from us again !, 
  the distance between the most important city in the south of the netherlands and the most important city in the north of the netherlands is 210 miles , 337 km . 
  thats a lot for one day , but not long for a short holiday trip . 
  for some people , there is a large sentiment for leaving the eu . 
  geert wilders ( dutch trump with yellow hair ) is very popular in the netherlands , but not a majority (  50 % ) want to vote for him or for parties with the same ideas like forum voor democratie and voornederland, 
  why do you want only visit cities in west-europe ? 
  in middle-and-east-europe cities are much cheaper . 
  london and paris are very expensive cities . 
  you can better visit cities in middle - and east europe , for example prague , budapest , bucharest , belgrado , sophia , etc. 
  these cities are much ceaper than london , paris , rome and venice . 
  if a swede said : `` belgium has bad roads , belgium has bad roads '', 
  dragostanite - ozone very pretty song, 
  no , muslims have their right to live in peace . 
  muslims from unsafety countries are welcome . 
  fans of the far-right politician geert wilders uses the terms gutmensch , policor ( political correctness ) , wegkijker and landverrader ( parricide ) for calling fans of d66 ( progressive liberals ) and groenlinks ( progressive green-styles ) . 
  in the netherlands there are many pro-wilders sites like fok.nl and nieuwskoerier.nl, 
  very fucked , americans had to vote for hillary clinton . 
  stupid people . 
  de volkskrant , nrc handelsblad and trouw . 
  all the three , high quality newspapers with analyses in depth . 
  not for me , but for many people are migrants an issue . 
  slavic people has a better work culture than germanic people . 
  thats the reason why many poles works in germany and the netherlands . 
  cda do n't want a coalition with the pvv , because we had a coalition of vvd and cda with support ( gedoogsteun ) of the pvv in 2010-2012 and that coalition had failed though the pvv . 
  the cda lost the elections in 2012 , because this party had worked together with the pvv .
