  sometimes revolutions happen on their own accord, 
  wait are suggesting the civil war in syria is a conspiracy to close a russian navy base ? 
  was england not very religious as parliament evolved into what it is today ? 
  they managed to become a democratic state . 
  was religion not rooted out of every aspect of government during the french revolution ? 
  that just devolved into a dictatorship of napoleon . 
  i 'm not saying religion , culture , history plays no part or that it does n't matter but simply saying that democracy is impossible because of it is wrong . 
  i mean you can use lots of things to enforce a dictatorship , in fact most european dictatorships never relied strongly on religion as a source of authority until you get way back in history . 
  `` different times '' what is that supposed to mean exactly ? 
  did something magically happen in the 90s where democratic expansion became impossible ? 
  also do i have to point out how prone to conflict europe was when many european countries began their first transitions towards democratic society ? 
  or how still prone to conflict europe was when many countries entered their modern democratic forms ? 
  clearly being in a conflict-prone region does n't preclude any possibility of democracy evolving, 
  you do n't have to look that far back in european history , hell there are places you can look today , to find dictatorships . 
  of course its not like france had no experience with democracy until after napoleon , or that germany had no experience until after hitler . 
  then again there 's a first time for everything right ? 
  tunisia did n't have any democratic roots in its history but its doing fairly well so far, 
  oh do n't worry we know that not all of them are murderous criminals , but some of them statistically will be which is why we have to lock them all up and/or deport them all . 
  like that one time a man was murdered in berlin , well we know that not all berliners are murderous criminals but some of them statistically will be which is why we locked them all up and/or deported them somewhere . 
  wait a minute ... 
  surely we 're smart enough to find a better way to avoid chaos and anarchy without resorting to supporting tin pot crazy dictators ? 
  you know whats happening in syria right ? 
  its not exactly a perfectly fine place to leave , neither is a turkish refugee camp . 
  as long as each european country takes its own approach to the benefits refugees receive , the process for determining who is and who is n't a refugee , people are going to naturally trend towards the country with the most benefits . 
  what else do you expect ? 
  right now europe is trying to address a problem that 's too bigfor each country to handle on its own , but they are insistent on doing it that way . 
  points for authenticity, 
  i never said it was abandoned land , but you must be aware of all the places in the world that function perfectly fine with population densities far higher than what europe would experience even if it let in every last immigrant and refugee . 
  why do you expect someone to live in a prison camp in a tent for years with no end in sight ? 
  surely europe can do better than force people to live in mass prison camps because their country is in a civil war ? 
  i mean if you had been a camp since the war begin you 'd have been living in a tent in total poverty for four years , with the civil war you fled showing no signs of ending any time soon . 
  would you find that acceptable ? 
  also europe has plenty of physical space , do n't pretend the continent is something like a crowded elevator that just ca n't hold anymore people . 
  god knows we do n't want another bosnia right ? 
  or albania ? 
  malta has a third of the population of esti , but for some reason its placed at the same spot on the population scale along with cyprus which also has less than esti . 
  luxembourg is slightly further to the left from where malta is , but has a higher population . 
  wut is dis, 
  whoa what ? 
  whens the last time protesters started burning people because someone put out their tire fire before they 'd had their fun ? 
  [ literally dozens !, 
  ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/there-are-dozens-of-us-tobias-funke-arrested-development.gif ), 
  yeah why are n't they willing to live for years and years with no end in sight , surviving on hand outs , being forced to stay in a camp , have little education for their children , in a turkish refugee camp ? 
  sons and daughters ? 
  so what their fathers did something great and that grants their children an entitlement ? 
  what about making your own way ? 
  what are you saying some people are better than others because of what their daddies did ? 
  `` i bet '' as in `` i do n't know but i 'm going to assume and blame the us anyway '', 
  oh i agree it is , sorry i made the assumption that you were saying they were coming to those countries for dishonest reason or insufficiently good reasons, 
  i ca n't believe people criticize refugees for not wanting to spend years waiting , raise their children , and basically do nothing besides sit behind barbed wire fences . 
  here 's a camp in jordan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war#/media/file:an_aerial_view_of_the_za%27atri_refugee_camp.jpg one of the nicer camps in turkey http://sheldonkirshner.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/turkish-refugee-camp-for-syrians-e1413585834309.jpg one of the not so nicer ones http://www.focusonsyria.org/wp-content/uploads/camp-turkey-syria-border-gc.jpg and you ca n't fathom why someone would want to leave a place like that ? 
  its basically a prison , and yes sure its safe but its also gives you no chance to work , no chance to raise your children properly , no chance at life . 
  oh yeah they want `` cushie welfare '' no dude they do n't want to live in a fucking refugee camp for years and years and years on end . 
  they want something better for themselves and their families , just like any normal person would , so what so surprising about wanting to go to a country that offers them a chance at exactly that ? 
  all youre doing is blaming , and that wo n't solve the problem . 
  also i wonder why you do n't blame france for anything considering how its romping around in north africa and many of these refugees are african not middle eastern . 
  and its roughly 43 `` 9/11s '' which is pretty easy to count . 
  we should post some of uncivilized things in moldova 's very recent history ... 
  the us didnt start the arab spring , it did n't cause the syrian civil war . 
  but for the sake of argument lets say it did , lets say the us 100 % absolutely totally at fault for every immigrant/refugee that tries to get into europe . 
  did that make the problem go away ? 
  did all those people magically disappear ? 
  playing the blame game did n't solve the problem , why do n't you try finding a solution instead ? 
  regardless of what caused this mess the shit is on your doorstep, 
  all i said was in that regard , nothing about it being a fantastic member of nato . 
  do you always build these strawmans ? 
  `` in that regard '' as in , in that current place and time . 
  do n't forget the completely insufficient systems set up by the european nations to handle these refugees, 
  could n't be any worse than srebrenica, 
  would n't understand what ? 
  that you would n't even able to speak to people a 1000 years ago in your native country ? 
  thats assuming your country existed a 1000 years ago . 
  or that the culture would be more foreign to you than just about any culture that exists today ? 
  its a pretty god damn weak argument to just say someone `` would n't understand . '', 
  georgia is currently the 2nd largest contributor of troops to the afghanistan mission behind only of course the usa . 
  in that regard they are much more capable and more valuable than any of our current allies https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isaf_troop_number_statistics, 
  but its important to note that both sides still claim to adhere to it , and as long as they do its worth noting every time they violate it, 
  holy shit what is he doing ? 
  if you know another round or salvo is on the way , why are you waiting till you hear it before you take over ? 
  i 'd be laying face down in that hole piling stuff on top of myself, 
  a 1000 years ? 
  dude if you went back a 1000 years ago any european country you stepped foot in would be more foreign to you than if you were to visit any modern country today, 
  http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/298785/migrant-ship.jpg?w=736 are you telling me that you could n't find , or build , or have built , a trailer big enough to carry a ship like that ? 
  especially if you 're being paid what these guys are ? 
  cultural death , what a load of shit . 
  go back a 100 years , 200 years , do you think any european nation has the same culture back then and it does today ? 
  what a load of trash , cultures constantly evolve, 
  sorry bout that, 
  good . 
  these people provided one of the most critical services required by soldiers in the field , they face constant threats to them and their families . 
  they are generally well educated folk who understand some of culture of the country they were hired by . 
  they should n't be treated any differently than the soldiers who they serve along side . 
  i was in afghanistan and my translators were just as much members of our family as my fellow soldiers were . 
  do n't turn your back on these people like the us has done in such a horrible way to so many of them , they 've done more in service of britian , or the us , or whoever than most actual citizens have and they deserve a chance to leave these hellholes they were born into, 
  russia is not `` right there '' take a look at where bulgaria is in relation to russia , the geography and physical distance ( among other reasons ) completely negate the possibility that these marines could suddenly find the russian army in their face one day . 
  also historically the us has shown to be very willing to go to war before americans were killed by an enemy . 
  iraq , vietnam , korea , and the dozen other military actions we 've had since ww2 , the only real post-ww2 example of the us going to war in reaction to an attack is our war in afghanistan . 
  lastly these marines are not the first or only service members in bulgaria , we 've had troops stationed there since 2006 . 
  if we needed someone just to die to give us reason to go to war , why would n't the troops already there be enough ? 
  am i being trolled ?
