  of all the things to be upset about i ca n't believe how butthurt people are over this . 
  do you remember when battlefield 1942 came out in 2004 ? 
  no france represented there either , no one cared . 
  its a game made by an american company looking to sell primarily to americans , of course its american centric, 
  `` the only one who can stop this american takeover of the world ... russia '' `` russia views this as an unofficial declaration of war '' jesus, 
  i like how you took direct offense at a comment aimed at something else entirely . 
  `` story about russians '' --  `` so thats what you think of serbs eeehhh ? '', 
  come on, 
  yes, 
  no i would n't care because its just a video game . 
  are you that butt hurt about france only being represented in a future dlc ? 
  jesus talk about insecure . 
  of all the war shooters i 've played my favorite is by far red orchestra 2 , which has only two playable factions : germany and russia . 
  thats it . 
  am i mad because it only represents americans in a dlc ? 
  i do n't care its a damn video game . 
  i do n't need a video game to tell me what i already know about the history of the usa in ww2, 
  see i would n't be offended or even care because its just a video game and i do n't need a video game to validate my national history, 
  i 'm pretty sure someone is going to get killed before this is over, 
   why did n't uefa brake away ? 
  money, 
  guys ... 
  this is a video game made for sales not a historical realistic reenactment, 
  its been a long time but i think i remember being taught president wilson wanted to go to war to be part of the peace process . 
  but it was n't until the zimmerman telegram and germany 's declaration of unrestricted submarine warfare that sank several american ships gave him enough public support to do so . 
  well it certainly contributed a lot of corpses, 
  stop being damn so insecure other people look better than you, 
  which half ? 
  nationalism is all fun and games until the fucking irredentism shows up, 
  so how big was the meal ? 
  i want to punch the editor who approved this article . 
  the tone of it is so arrogant , i mean its literally dripping with smugness and sarcasm , that whatever the author actually wanted to say about this event is completely lost . 
  it made me angry just reading it , shit the fuck up with your i 'm - too-smart attitude and tell us some actual facts and whats actually going on, 
  nooo thats just post 9/11 chest thumping , there 's plenty of other ways to resolve an american being held for trial in the hague besides dropping the 82nd airborne into the netherlands ( again ) . 
  i have no idea why this is being downvoted , the amount of personal corruption in russia is insane, 
  `` be strong and suffer well '' russia 's answer to any problem, 
  these two pieces arent that different both talk about inflexible labor laws and the difficulties in firing people that led to companies deliberately making people as miserable as possible at work . 
  that also makes companies sacred to hire so the average worker is stuck between staying in his bullshit job or trying risk being hired by someone who knows damn well the only reason he quit was because his company wanted to fire him , but could n't, 
  oh but it does , it retains and attracts higher levels of talent and reduces incentives for corruption . 
  it also lets recruiter be more picky in who they accept for service since more people are applying . 
  if i 'm not mistaken turkey actually has a big problem meeting its recruiting goals right ? 
  more pay could help fill those critical slots, 
   you ca n't count for shit . 
  look man , we all get what he was saying . 
  you too do, 
  `` crash '', 
   could use some more fighter jets , though thats what we we tell everyone, 
  because they 'd soon figure out the stuff was poison which they 'd then used on their enemies, 
  good luck with that, 
  one of the most fucked up things i 've ever seen . 
   the soviet union , which no longer exists , and certainly not the same thing as russia the soviet union is akin to russia when russians want to talk about great things , but its a totally different state completely unrelated to russia when it comes to the uglier side of things . 
  who committed the kaytn massacre ? 
  soviets ( maybe even germans who knows but definitely not russia ) who defeated germany in the great patriotic war ? 
  russia i mean take a look at this victory day speech from putin : https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/transcript-vladimir-putins-victory-day-speech-in-red-square/2014/05/09/2ec01e27-f980-459b-80a2-6da592f57368_story.html he mentions the soviet union once by mentioning the soviet people but immediately calls the ussr our native country . 
  `` the soviet people 's unbending will , fearlessness and firmness saved europe from slavery . 
  it was our native country that drove the fascists out of their den '' see here in greatness russia is the soviet union , `` our native country that did these great things . '', 
  now compare this to putin remarks on the kaytn massacre : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/remembering-the-katyn-massacre-putin-gesture-heralds-new-era-in-russian-polish-relations-a-687819.html here he avoids not only apologizing for the soviet union 's actions but rather distastefully remarks that russians were also victims of the soviet oppression . 
  now here russia and the ussr are presented as two different things '' he was also careful to emphasize that `` soviet citizens '' who were also victims of stalin 's purge are buried in katyn next to poles , as are red army soldiers who were murdered by hitler 's troops . '', 
  so you see it was n't just poles , we all suffered under the soviet union we 're all victims together . 
  the soviet union is no longer `` our native country . '', 
  two different narratives, 
  i have no idea what this website is saying but using the beatles as an example of purely british music is stupid . 
  they took inspiration from all sorts of american artists, 
  damn people are taking this way too seriously, 
   saying leaving the eu means breaking trade deals well thats kinda exactly what it means ... 
  the eu is many things but arguably the most important thing is a trade zone where countries have to agree to follow certain rules to be part of . 
  the brexit movement is in large part about getting away from those rules and regulations they feel are stiffing their economy and freedom . 
  and while the uk renegotiates those deals , business with europe is n't going to be done on the scale it is today thus causing a recession . 
   because europe will stop doing business with you ... never said that , you 're arguing against your own strawman, 
  i like how people downvote simple honest reporting on whats going on in the med just because of how they feel on the immigrant crisis . 
  look admitting this is a good representation of whats going has no bearing on your stance on the overall issue of immigration . 
  what clown school did you study economics at where they taught you breaking trade deals with your largest trading partners is the path to economic success . 
  even if britain is able to shift the majority of its economy away from europe . 
  ( lol ) its still gon na take some time which will result in a recession as all those jobs and money related to doing business with the eu has to find another customer . 
  well its true . 
   taiwan economic growth has almost collapse . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/taiwan/gdp-growth i mean you cant even get basic facts straight, 
  yeah and they became more democratic as they developed , even china has become more liberal as its developed, 
  democracy in taiwan , south korea , and singapore are recent phenomenon . 
  they also have fairly diverse economies when compared to oil states , especially south korea . 
  imperial japan and imperial germany are things of the past , i 'm talking the modern world . 
  well china is an atypical example , but i do n't think its a coincidence that the states which are most reliant on one resource , for example oil states , tend to be much more authoritarian, 
   that makes no sense , at all . 
  makes a lot of sense , russia is never going to get finland or sweden in their pocket like other neighboring countries might as well use them for political gain . 
   shock as constitution written by francoists includes franco 's obsession with ` la ` unidad de la patria ' . 
  most countries do n't take kindly to separatists regardless of whats specifically written in the constitution, 
   in the long term the eu sanctions may well prove beneficial as they have been forced to focus on diversification . 
  this is a good thing , an authoritarian state is much easier to run when the entire economy is based on a few or even a single product , especially when its something that exported to provide cash for the government to fund its control . 
  a diversified economy requires liberal and open government structure to function properly, 
  i was trying to make a subtle joke because europe , as a whole , has no defense budget . 
  so i was treating europe as a single country like an ignorant american . 
  america do n't follow no rules, 
  20 % public domain content made by europeans . 
  i think thats what most americans think , since all we know about the balkans is from the yugoslavia wars and franz ferdinand getting shot in sarajevo, 
  if you 're a former yugoslav you 're definitely in the balkans, 
  `` europe should increase its defense budget '', 
  after missing out on the deal of a life time in eastern poland i ca n't miss this opportunity, 
   does anyone know if the russians are doing this for a particular reason ? 
  pretending to be a big power so its people can feel good about themselves , instead of actually addressing their real problems . 
  seriously russia has fuck all to gain from all these provocative acts , but they 're still butthurt about losing the cold war along with their tsarist empire,
