   if you do n't like western clothing , go away . 
  wow the great nations of europe and their great people 's with thousands of years of history , laid low by some women not exposing enough skin what a great people the europeans are , conquerors and drivers of history , but who could be strong enough to survive in the face of the burkini ? 
  edit : http://www.migrationheritage.nsw.gov.au/cms/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/french_beach_1900.jpg here 's a picture from about 100 years ago from france of several families enjoying a day at the beach , it was truly a troubled time for france . 
  all these women dressing so modestly , not respecting western clothes or western values , they were luckily we didnt deport the lot of them . 
  you know it was probably a good thing the germans invaded a short while later , all those men could go to war instead of having to sit there and watch the death of their country played out in modest swimwear, 
  i did n't ask if it was the kind of thing people had fought over in the past , i asked if its was valuable enough to hold up integration with the rest of europe . 
  valuable enough to hold up integration with the rest of europe ? 
   i think all sober-minded people who really are involved in politics understand that the idea of a russian threat to , for example , the baltics is complete madness . 
  are we really about to fight nato ? 
  how many people live in nato ? 
  about 600 million , correct ? 
  there are 146 million in russia . 
  yes , we 're the biggest nuclear power . 
  but do you really think that we 're about to conquer the baltics using nuclear weapons ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  the trick is to not fight nato in the baltics . 
  would nato come to the aid of the baltics ? 
  right now russian calculus says the chance they would is too great to risk war . 
  but what if something changed that ? 
  say president trump or perhaps some far right isolationist parties elected across europe ? 
  well then they may start to think the risk is worth it . 
  so long as russia thinks nato 's chances of defending what are admittedly ( and please do n't take offense to this my baltic brothers ) the least strategically important and most vulnerable members , are too high to risk conflict they wo n't risk it . 
  but if they think the chances are less . . well who knows . 
  this is the same basic risk/reward thinking that goes on prior to any decision to go to war . 
  paratroopers are supposed to be fat because that lets them fall to the ground faster when they jump . 
   typical german mentality the germans actually declared rome an open city in ww2 and allowed the us/uk to simply march in, 
  everyone starts somewhere, 
  whats funny about that ? 
  eh it appears that history is one the side of the border at the foot of the mountain and i do n't think that `` giving up ' a strip of land which was apparently historically part of montenegro anyway according to everyone but the opposition party . 
  i think kosovars will find more security and property in european integration than will be found half way up some rocky mountains, 
  if i understand the article correctly its talking about the difference between drawing a border at the bottom of a mountain or at the top along the ridge line . 
  that does n't imply that we 're talking about much land or particularly valuable land . 
  the article does n't mention if anyone lives there or how much land this precisely is . 
  still i 'd find it hard to believe that this land is more valuable to kosovo or its people than the european integration it could achieve by settling its disputes . 
   do you really think whites in europe started seeing themselves white because of blacks in america ? 
  that 's rediculous . 
  racial awareness has been a thing for ages , even in ancient egypt . 
  of course different types of racial structures existed before the modern terms of `` white '' and `` black '' were used , i only meant that those terms have their origins in the atlantic slave trade . 
  also i do n't know if you could really call it `` racial awareness '' since all racial distinction is arbitrary and has no basis in scientific or objective reasoning . 
  most probably do n't but does that mean anything important to you ? 
  is that a fact which should dictate any kind of policy in your opinion ? 
  i 'm not asking preemptively i just do n't want to assume that point . 
  however i do assume you 've been reminded of what europeans have to do with `` americans and their slaves ? '', 
  the same way the people 's of europe were turned from mostly poor farmers a hundred years ago to what they are today also you should be aware that service jobs are typically among the most common in many europoean countries . 
   what do europeans have to do with americans and their slaves you know the atlantic slave trade was conducted almost entirely by european countries right ? 
  the united states banned the importation of africans as slave in 1808 , roughly 11 months after great britain enacted their own ban on the trans-atlantic slave trade . 
  however for around 300 years prior to that all trans-atlantic slave trade was conducted by european powers including a good deal by the dutch . 
  here 's a fun question since we 're talking about race . 
  are the people who live in the dutch caribbean , the decedents of imported african slaves and native peoples dutch or not ? 
   oh wait ... `` migrants '' ? 
  what happened with `` refugees '' ... fucking hypocrites politicians !, 
  you know there 's more than one person talking about this right ? 
  and all these different people use different words right ? 
   it 's normal to fly spy planes without transponders . 
  one of the major points of such flights is to put economic strain on the opponent , forcing him to scramble his aircraft . 
  fighter/interceptor aircraft have engine lifespan that is less than tenth of that of a spy plane , and typical scramble usually needs at least two aircraft for the interception . 
  eh i dont know if thats true , observing how they scramble and how long it takes them to get to you with what kinda aircraft can be useful but its not about ` economic strain ' russia is not going to be strained by using jet fuel to intercept one aircraft . 
  i think its more about the em interference . 
  if you 're trying to listen in to whats going on far away you do n't want to be generating your own em waves that could interfere with picking up other people 's signals, 
  wow all that over the tiniest sliver of land, 
   racist i 'm not racist , i 'm only a little behind the times . 
  after all our concept of race constantly changes to reflect culture , politics , or lots of other things . 
  not too long ago the whole concept of a `` white race '' did n't exist , and it really only came into existence when folks of european descent wanted a way distinguish themselves from african slaves . 
  and when in many cases the ` white race ' did n't include eastern europeans , irish , or other europeans who were n't considered `` advanced '' or happened to be catholic . 
  so no i 'm not a racist what i am doing is shining a light on history and showing how the whole concept of racial distinction is completely bullshit and arbitrary , has no baseless in scientific fact , and has only been a tool for one group of people to put themselves over another . 
  yeah thats me , the racist who does n't see people through their race . 
  anyone want to say being white makes them better than someone else ? 
  anyone ? 
  i did n't say scandinavians hadnt lived there thousands of years . 
   a dane is a white scandinavian whats a white person ? 
  can you scientifically and objectively define it for me ? 
  all of that was bullshit . 
  youre telling me its bullshit that not too long ago poles were at the `` wrong '' side of the race hierarchy in the eyes of many ? 
   you ca n't seriously compare having ancestors who were citizens of the ottoman empire or germany with fully african and middle eastern people . 
  pfft if we were talking 150 years ago you 'd be nothing but some large brow polack who farms the dirt with your fingers , could n't possibly compare to proper folks of english decent . 
  150 years ago most people wouldnt accept turks as being european or someone with turkish ancestry as being `` really '' british . 
  hell 75 years ago you 'd be subhuman in the eyes of most germans because you 're polish . 
  even before that during the partitions you know there was a lot of racist attitudes directed at poles by their conquerors funny how our racial perceptions shift and change over time , its almost as if they have no real scientific basis and are just convenient ways to smugly look down on others whenever the politics call for it . 
  but now that you 're on the better side of it you do n't have a problem with the notion do you ? 
  i wonder what new and baseless racial distinctions we 'll have in another 70 years or so . 
  oh god please stop . 
  im so stick about hearing how much better the white race is . 
   do n't expect them to consider each other as one people in the same way europeans can . 
  saying a person can or can not do something based on race , is the definition of racism also when the fucking hell have europeans considered themselves `` one people '', 
  wow this is racist as shit , i do n't know where you 're from but lots of racist movements like to disguise themselves under the pretense that some ` races ' just ca n't get along with each other, 
  i know , the irish are pure innocent souls of godly goodness and they 'd never never ever ever be violent against each other or anyone else if it were n't for the british spoiling it all . 
  but no everything is good again but it will only stay that way if you only let in white people , and we mean modern definition of white because otherwise the irish would be nothing better than apes if we used the old definition . 
  i guess its not within the irish character to remember being on the wrong end of the racial divide . 
  what a convenient excuse, 
   we are n't a violent people , it 's been britain being violent towards us . 
  if i point out examples of irish being violent towards other irish or other people is that going to be your go-excuse ? 
  but either you ca n't deny the internal divisions of your country and the violence they 've caused , regardless of where it came from its there . 
   we do n't have the race problems nor do we have the social disconnect that america and increasingly england have . 
  you do n't ? 
  i mean you do n't now but for much of your history you certainly did . 
  thats because the whole idea of who is and is n't part of the same race is completely arbitrary and meaningless . 
  today most people think of irish as `` white '' like any other `` white people '' but not too long ago you guys were seen almost no different than black africans on the hierarchy of races . 
  but assuming you do n't or never had any race problems so what ? 
  you still have a history full of division and violence no different than many countries . 
  i mean are you going to tell me that the violence in your history is n't as bad as the violence in american history because its less often based around race ?
