  funny how hungary and hungarians had no problem calling themselves refugees even after they left their border countries following their flight in 1956 . 
  tens of thousands came to the us for example , as refugees , clearly they passed through safe countries on their way here , clearly they were not content with their life in austrian refugee camps or where ever else they were staying . 
  i agree that there 's a lot of purely economic migrants in this flow that need to be turned back . 
  here 's the problem with the whole `` neighboring country '' needs to do all the work approach . 
  many of these countries , jordan , lebanon , turkey , iraq , etc do n't have the means to handle all these refugees by themselves . 
  they are states under a great deal of stress from other sources , burdening them further will only cause further problems for them and may even cause a another collapse . 
  additionally even if they were able to hold all these refugees without risking state collapse or other problems you have to think about the future these refugees will have . 
  without education , without work skills , what exactly are they going to do if and when they return home ? 
  will they be able to build an economy out of war torn syria that will support its entire population ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so even after the war you 'll still have economic migrants trying to come to europe . 
  lastly what sort of life do you think out of work unskilled young men are drawn to ? 
  refugee camps and post-war economic disasters are prime breeding grounds for terrorists , revolutionaries , etc. 
  if europe and the world just does nothing its going to allow for even nasty things to grow . 
  not legally no , but still even if that were the case it would be wrong to say merkal has invited an unlimited number of all types of fruit when she 's only invited a specific kind of fruit, 
  i totally agree the us is n't doing enough , what makes you think by advocating an international solution i was excluding the us ? 
  do you think i speak for the american government and i 'm a hypocrite because my opinion differs from the actions of that government ? 
  also you said you were getting screwed over , so i was just wondering how much you were suffering . 
  lastly , you do n't seem to understand that its not a question of `` responsibility . '', 
  yes i totally agree that libya is responsible for libya , iraq is responsible for iraq , syria is responsible for syria . 
  but none of these countries are living up to their responsibilities and its creating problems , problems europe and the world has to deal with . 
  this is reality , this is the real world , sometimes things are n't fair , sometimes problems you did n't cause are nevertheless things you have to address . 
  this is attitude of `` its not our responsibility '' is completely childish , its completely detached from reality . 
  do you think if you just point out that these countries are n't living up to their responsibilities it will just make the problem go away ? 
  the uk leaving the eu would be one of the biggest mistakes in its history . 
  but it has pretty much no power whatsoever , still why should a legislative branch not only be unelected but pay for folks to sit who 's only qualification is hereditary ? 
  i really get a kick how so many people in / r/europe jump and cheer at the thought of their neighbors suffering . 
  you all are weird . 
  oh i did n't realize life was so hard in the netherlands , you poor suffering souls . 
  i just think there 's probably a better way to handle these migration crises than dumping it on your weaker , less stable , and more at risk neighbors . 
  consider it enlightened self interest , if you take a state like libya , syria , lebanon , iraq , etc which is already under a number of stresses and are either on the verge of collapse or have already collapsed , then add more burdens ontop of that , what exactly do you think is going to happen ? 
  its going to be like damming up a river until the water eventually flows over and breaks the dam , leaving you with an even bigger problem than you had originally . 
  australia does dump refugees onto indonesia , thats a fact . 
  i do n't think you mean `` ca n't '' i think you mean does n't want to . 
  germany does n't border a conflict zone but it still can receive refugees, 
  is that brown makeup ? 
  also why ? 
  sounds like a plan , though indonesia does n't really appreciate having people from all over asia dumped on its shores sometimes without warning . 
  no upper limit to refugees , not immigration . 
  there 's a difference . 
  australia 's solution is towing boats full of people to indonesia , regardless if they actually came from there , or placing refugees in off shore concentration camps where they live in filth . 
  there 's also the question of towing a boat back to say libya . 
  no one can deny that libya is an unsafe country , there are within those boats genuine refugees fleeing prosecution in libya . 
  so unlike australia 's policy of towing people to indonesia , which is recognized as safe for the most part , you 'd be towing some of them right to the place where their lives are threatened . 
  australia also has a lot more sea to work with , interdicting ships crossing from say turkey to greece leaves little time to react once they are detected . 
  lastly , europe has shown little desire to help the refugees in the neighboring safe countries . 
  for example camps in lebanon are cutting back on food for their refugees , clearly they are n't getting enough funding . 
   unlimited immigration apparently it does n't even know what the problem is , because that ai n't it, 
  yeah but no they ca n't . 
  greece ca n't , turkey certainly ca n't , italy ca n't . 
  and even if they could , do you think bottling up everyone in syria is the actual solution to that crisis ? 
  i know that not all these folks are coming from syria , i 'm just saying for those people specifically how would walling off syria solve any problems ? 
  its just that easy !, 
  because its a baseless anecdote, 
  hungary knows that not everyone can just build a fence , i think it just does n't care what its southern neighbors have to deal with . 
  it would rather dump the problem on someone else rather that work towards a collective solution . 
  every state is different with what ballot initiatives can and ca n't do , how many signatures are required to start one . 
  however there 's no process for affecting national law with ballot initiatives http://ballotpedia.org/signature_requirements, 
  why does the house of lords still exist ? 
  also you have a big neighbor systematically attacking the government and economy at every level, 
   we wo n't become the buffer zone where rich western europeans keep the migrants so they can feel good about themselves , far from the migrants . 
  isnt that exactly what hungary expects its southern neighbors to do though ? 
  also are n't they already hosting them in their own countries for the most part ? 
  this is an honest question, 
  oopes i forget finland, 
  thats a nice platitude but we live in the real world where since we do n't have magical powers to tell the future we have to make assumptions , take risks , and consider the `` ifs '' and `` buts . '', 
  sweden is a nato member for all practical purposes, 
  that is true , and sad, 
  it could have helped , diplomacy has value, 
  because you are n't bearing the cost of 2 million plus people out all by yourself like any good decent neighbor would . 
  by the way please do n't come here either , just be a barrier for europe and keep yourself out as well while you 're at it . 
  ok thx edit : this is sarcasm since that was n't obvious . 
  i like how they demand full access to us positions without offering their own , still secret , positions for examination as well . 
  this is n't `` we think negotiations should be more open '' its `` we think we should get special treatment . '', 
  your government kind of agrees with that assessment . 
  but either way if the russians were to come we both know who your pm would call . 
  we both know why sweden is constantly getting closer to nato , its not so german troops will come to the rescue , its so american ones will . 
  everyone says that but when shit starts going bad we both know who they call to fix it . 
  we 're responsible for everything unless it goes right, 
  check out his post history , he thinks it hot to inflict pain on women , he wishes it was socially acceptable to feeling up a woman you think is hot , he 's angry about a lot of different things , and he 's upset about how the soviets conquered poland after ww2 but he 's totally cool with it happening to anyone else apparently . 
  also he says he has the emotional maturity of a 14 year old , and i 'm quoting that . 
  i would n't listen to him, 
  getting fat like the us, 
  luckily after hitler i think most europeans realized psychopathic leaders with designs for world conquest were n't that great . 
  or maybe you think the germans should have killed some more poles back in 39 ' to make their civilization that much greater . 
  yes . 
  happens all the time, 
  every detail is negotiated though ... 
  most agreements are negotiated in secret , having every detail , offer , counter-offer , will grind them to a halt . 
  yeah but isis is n't keeping the brown people away thats the difference, 
  be quiet we know that it was the us and only the us that invaded afghanistan back in 2001 without any provocation whatsoever . 
  we rolled in there with our stetsons , spurs , and six shooters ruined what was otherwise a nice and peaceful place and then let europe clean up the mess, 
  i did exaggerate youre right, 
  are you seriously blaming the us for the reduced stature of hungary after ww1 ? 
  dude during the dual monarchy hungary treated its ethnic minorities like shit , and you think its america 's fault they did n't want to stick around ? 
  yeah we supported the notion of self-determination of nationalities , which meant hungary lost out on its little empire . 
  yeah hungary , an axis power during ww2 , ended up in the soviet zone of occupation . 
  sucks , i got it . 
  but what do you expect ? 
  the us obviously had way bigger problems to deal with at the time .
