  tomorrow never dies , he drives the car with his phone from the back seat while the car calmly reminds him of all the dangerous stuff he 's doing . 
  i do n't think there is a better bond car https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mey1r43fjiq, 
   professional journalism who ever accused the sun of professional journalism ? 
  do n't assume just because russia is autocratic that it does n't care about corruption . 
   there 's plenty of people who will maintain the nukes on japan was more of a message to the soviets . 
  that 's just not true . 
  the records of the decision making process which led to the bombs being dropped on japan have been unclassified for decades now . 
  there 's no mention by truman or any of his senior advisers during their discussions that the bombs should be dropped as a way to send a message to the russians . 
  any argument for this idea of messaging has to rely on the notion that it was something truman thought but never said , which is improvable and pretty absurd considering he addressed the question of using nuclear weapons several times in his presidency . 
  all i wanted to say was that equating war and colonialism as functionally the same thing is naive and wrong . 
  and thats all im saying, 
  nativist nationalism is nothing new , but lets hope it does n't turn out bad this time . 
  most wars are fought over money . 
  what ? 
  you get money by going to war . 
  say again ? 
  are you sure ? 
  colonialism is something new . 
  did i say that ? 
  all i said was that colonialism and war is n't the same thing , which they are n't . 
  for example can colonialism exist in peace time ? 
  yes . 
  can war exist in peacetime ? 
  well by definition war is the absence of peace so no . 
  how much does the battle of the somme have in common with the tea act of 1773 ? 
  not much at all . 
  gee looks to me like we 're talking about two separate things here, 
  the us actually does a ridiculous amount of forecasting and long term planning , the problem there is sometimes plans do n't work out and people do n't act how 'd you expect . 
  the fact that this sometimes happens is n't indicative of a lack of us planning its just how reality works here 's an article arguing the us is actually too obsessive with grand strategy https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/2015-10-20/delusions-grand-strategy also the afghans fighting the soviets were n't called terrorists because they were n't terrorist . 
  i 'm speaking objectively they were more similar to partisans , insurgents , etc than `` terrorists . '', 
  fighting against a foreign occupier does n't make you a terrorist so why should we call them that ? 
  i 'll even throw an anecdote for you , when i served in afghanistan the enemy was never referred to as `` terrorists '' unless it was an individual or group who had the primary goal of attacking targets outside of afghanistan . 
  so if you were an afghan planning to attack a convoy of us troops in afghanistan , you were an insurgent . 
  if you were planning to attack us civilians in the us you were a terrorist . 
  lastly i 'll say again the us never supported bin laden , the fact that the independent ran a story about bin laden settling in sudan says nothing about us policy . 
  do you not see what the date on that story is ? 
  december 1993 ? 
  you know what bin laden was doing in 1993 ? 
  exactly what the story says he was doing , working in sudan building infrastructure , exiled from saudi arabia , and working with a british firm to do it . 
  he was n't even linked at all to the 1993 world trade center bombings in new york , an operating conducted by al-qaeda , because he was n't a member of the organization at the time . 
  it wasnt until about a year later that he started becoming more involved with the most radical islamist groups and fled to afghanistan after the sudan government tried to capture him with help of the us . 
  so perhaps in 1993 he was somewhere on the us radar but no one had any reason to think he was extremely important at the time . 
  after all by 1993 all he 'd done was finance some afghan insurgents , piss off saudi arabia , had a few connections with some radicals , and was building roads in sudan . 
  your notion that at this point the us should have known exactly who he would become is stupid , we are n't fortune tellers . 
   by that logic every country that has ever been in a war has a lot to give back . 
  war = / = colonialism, 
  people think this shit is clever , pointing out that sometimes friends because enemies and enemies become friends http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2014/09/04/blogs/04iht-oldsept04-wwii/04iht-oldsept04-wwii-blog480.jpg oh golly look us allied with the germans now , guess we were stupid for fighting with what would be our ally one day right ? 
  also the us never directly supported bin laden anyway , this meme needs to die already http://www.cnn.com/2006/world/asiapcf/08/15/bergen.answers/index.html, 
  europe expects turkey to be their wall , keeping all the undesirable people out , and they expect them to do it for free . 
  if the resistance did n't count for anything why didnt russia take more before the ceasefire ? 
  tsa has never stopped a single terrorist . 
  i did n't say leave the middle east i was just talking about domestic stuff we do . 
  the problem is that terrorism gets so much attention from people and in response the government throws way too much money at solving the problem , but the problem is so small no one knows what to do with all the extra police and equipment they got . 
  so what happens ? 
  it gets turned on the american public . 
  the reason why agencies like the fucking food and drug administration and department of education have armed units now conducting raids is because they got a bunch of law enforcement money as part of the terrorism scare . 
  since there are n't enough terrorist for everyone and their mother to conduct raids on or monitor with all the new surveillance equipment it just ends up being used on americans themselves . 
  if anything these numbers show we should n't be worried about it at all , 93 people since 2002 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure office chairs like the one i 'm sitting in have killed more people than that since 2002 . 
  we do n't need to be spending hundreds of millions , have hundreds of anti-terrorism groups , and all the other bullshit we do . 
  its not that big of an issue . 
  the seamen-semen pun is no longer clever i 'm declaring it dead . 
   they actively aided our enemies . 
  we did n't even take any marshall aid . 
  well you aided our enemies too bro . 
  and finland declined us aid after ww2 because they were scared of another conflict with russia . 
   stirs the pot is he making a stew ? 
  yeah he must be kicking himself after making that kind of investment only to find its a skin cancer deathtrap . 
  poor guy . 
  when in your opinion does an agreement involve so many nations that it stops becoming `` inter-govermentalism '' and becomes `` supranationalism ? '', 
  also why would it be more efficient in your mind if instead of a customs union european countries had dozens of separate bi-lateral free trade agreements ? 
  if every eu member had to sign a separate bi-lateral agreement with every other member there 'd be hundreds of agreements and it would be a complete mess . 
  different regions of different countries have their own ideas on `` how it should be done '' but its rare to suggest those countries would be better if they broke apart . 
  one day maybe people will have the same attitude about europe as a whole . 
  well no comparison is perfect but i didnt mean to suggest the two were same, 
  yeah nothing right at all . 
  not like export-driven germany benefits at all from the complete lack of trade barriers or monetary exchanges that used to happen . 
  no benefit at all . 
  how anyone can look at pre-eu europe and think thats better than what they have today is beyond me . 
  sure there are problems but for god 's sake things are as good as they ever have been , have some perspective . 
  does it need to be said that sometimes people are elected even if they do things people do n't like ? 
  sometimes people are elected even if they do things people do n't like . 
  come on whats wrong with giving the people a say in the matter ? 
  the british were certainly for it when it came to the falklands , which is an overseas territory just like the cypriot bases . 
  i really ca n't think of another example where a former colony is given independence but its former colonial master slices off a chunk of it to keep for itself . 
  i mean clearly these areas are part of cyprus , they are n't british at all there 's nothing historically about them thats british . 
  sure britain unilaterally annexed it in the past but if it was really just as british as london why was the island ever given independence in the first place ? 
  is there something more british about dhekelia than there is about nicosia ? 
  not really . 
  i think the brits do n't want an election on the matter because they know the local population does n't even consider themselves british , which they are n't since they were excluded from the 2002 overseas territories act . 
  hows that work exactly ? 
  so lets say you 're a person born in one of those base areas but even though youre born `` in britain '' you are n't british you 're cypriot . 
  seems kinda messed up that by now you could be a 3rd or 4th generation person born `` in britain '' but still not legally british . 
  its common in english to refer to a government or even a country by the name of the capital . 
  so when i say `` paris '' no i do n't think there 's a living sentient being called paris , i 'm referring to the government based there . 
  these people were forced to change their language and culture under threat of punishment from the central government , thats all i 'm saying and i choose to label that action suppression or repression . 
  regardless if they have always been `` french '' they were people with a different language/culture . 
  besides its not impossible for a government to suppress its own people it happens all the time , so whether or not they were french at the time or if they were always french really shouldnt play a part in deciding if they were suppressed or not . 
  the agreement giving britain the land for the bases was completed 19feb1959 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_and_zurich_agreements makarior was elected 13dec1959 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_presidential_election,_1959, 
  i never used the word imperialist , but you agreed those minorities were suppressed and thats all i wanted .
