  are you being rhetorical or are you just not imaginative enough to think of anything other than the status quo and the us model ? 
  yes they miss their homes , their country , their neighbors , their friends , their lives , and everything else destroyed by the war . 
  what you expect them to forget all that because they have an apartment and meals ? 
  how the hell can you interpret that as an insult to sweden ? 
  sweden could also ease its rent controls too , the reason there 's a housing storage is precisely because no one is willing to invest in constructing new apartments due to the rent control destroying any profit potential, 
  easing wage restrictions might be part of the solution though , that kind of unemployment ca n't continue forever . 
  i 'm not an expert on the swedish economy by any means but if wage restrictions and strict labor laws are preventing the growth of industry they should be relaxed . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33940654 that 's probably got something to do with it, 
  trust me i 'm very critical of our own foreign policy, 
  why are people supportive of russia intervening ? 
  do they not recognize assad 's regime as being dictatorial ? 
  do they want to see it continue to expand its influence ? 
  and what about the opinions of so many on / r/europe that the us caused the refugee crisis by intervening in syria ? 
  does it not count as intervention when russia is doing it ? 
  what exactly is the purpose of dublin iii ? 
  all it seems to accomplish is shit like this ? 
  how hard would it be to let people apply for asylum to any eu country in any eu country ? 
  it would massively reduce the human trafficking it would help get refugees out of the poorer southern countries , where they often arrive first , quicker . 
  it would give the eu a much clearer picture of the scale of the refugee problem and give them greater control over it . 
  germany says refugees welcome refugees try to get to germany refugees are entitled ? 
  i put refugee , immigration , crisis , etc into the filter and the sub just came up blank . 
  is this a bug ? 
  the problem is they are generally nice . 
  jesus dude, 
  ya 'll need to take a look at the history of terrorism in europe , it does n't come from the outside its done by citizens . 
  no you would n't , you 'd seek out the best place for you and your children . 
  look at homeless people , call them entitled ... dafaq ? 
  germany said they will take them , fucking send them to germany , whats the problem ? 
  hungary is making this mess itself . 
  more bad news, 
  i suppose you 'd blame the north koreans for their famines then right ? 
  its their fault for not having a better government correct ? 
  and is that not how the syrian civil war started anyway ? 
  people trying to create a better government for their country ? 
  unfortunately there are no more serious moderate democratic forces in that war . 
  actually no 100 % american 's are n't foreign , i was born in the united states i 'm an american . 
  even if someone is foreign-born once they become a citizen they are treated no differently than native-born citizens . 
  we do n't subscribe to the philosophy of jus sanguinis , i like to think we 've moved beyond that bit of archaic tribalism . 
  democracy, 
  the eu has a greater population , and a greater gdp than the us ... 
  so that means if the us has a bigger immigration by the raw number of migrants , its number in regards to immigrates per capita is higher as well . 
  also about 13 % of our population is foreign born , i do n't know what the numbers are for european countries are they similar ? 
  it seems pretty stupid to force people who would be welcomed in germany to stay in hungary when hungary does n't want them in the first place . 
  i mean shit how hard can it be to modify dublin 3 and allow these folks to claim asylum in any eu country ? 
  or to send some german representatives to these camps to determine who is n't and is n't a true war refugee and then give them a train ticket to berlin or whatever ? 
  germany has said they want them , hungary says they do n't , just put in a train . 
  i mean ... fuck whats so hard about this ? 
  why do they need to die in the back of a truck in austria after having paid human traffickers for the service ? 
  or fuck just do n't even worry about dublin 3 , hungary and germany can make a bilateral agreement , move them along to germany , organized crime is n't paid , refugees do n't die being smuggled , and the refugees get sorted out in germany, 
  actually they could n't go back to syria , hungary is n't going to let them out of the camp and neither are they going to pay to return them . 
  hungary also is n't settling them anywhere as far as i know , they 're just stuck in these camps . 
  you can make that ideological argument if you want but the fact is the vast differences between how each country treats refugees and the dublin iii regulation is whats driving these smuggling operations in europe . 
  and no you wouldnt be happy living in a tent with a bunch of other people . 
  we do n't , and i do n't expect europe to either . 
  and i agree they need to be processed , but they need to be able to apply for asylum in any eu country regardless of which they enter first . 
  why should n't refugees need to smuggle themselves in the back of trucks over austria to germany if germany has already said they 'll take them ? 
  and there needs to not be such a huge difference between benefits in different countries . 
  right now if you 're a refugee going to hungary or germany makes a huge difference in regards to the quality of life you and your family will have , why is it surprising people will go after the better option ? 
  you expect them to stay in a camp until the syrian civil war ends ? 
  dublin iii is a big part of why this is such a mess and why there are such incentives for smugglers, 
  are you sure you want to compare immigration problems ? 
  because by the raw numbers the us has a far far greater issue than europe does, 
  no one should be happy in a prison camp living off hand outs with no end in sight . 
  and yes it counts a prison camp if you 're surrounded by barbed wire , armed guards , and are n't allowed to leave under threat of force . 
  here 's a picture of a refugee camp in hungary http://l.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/vgitor3_llnnuuqlv2kenq--/yxbwawq9ew5ld3nfbgvnbztmat1mawxso2g9mzc3o2lspxbsyw5lo3b4b2zmptuwo3b5b2zmpta7ct03ntt3pty3ma--/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/news/afp.com/part-dv-dv2072282-1-1-1.jpg people are shocked that folks would jump a wire fence to get out of there and get to germany . 
  shocked !, 
  how about throw out dublin iii and let people apply for asylum in any eu country regardless of which one they are physically in, 
  i see a few comments about how shocked people are that a refugee would attempt to reach a country with better benefits . 
  what is so hard about this to understand ? 
  maybe if the eu did n't have such widely different benefits based on what nation you arrive it and did n't require you to claim asylum in the first eu country you arrive in , you would n't have this problem . 
  places like germany have already said they 'll take in all syrian refugees , so why not let refugees apply for asylum in germany or whatever other eu country even if they are n't physically in that country ? 
  why do they have to be smuggled in the back of a truck through austria to a country that already has accepted them ? 
  how god damn stupid of a system is this where they could n't just sign into an austrian refugee center and have someone there to process their paperwork for germany ? 
  imagine if all these refugees followed the rules , and all applied for asylum in places like hungary , greece , italy , spain , etc. 
  these are some of the countries least equipped economically to handle them , which is why so many accuse many southern eu states of turning a blind eye to refugees transiting their borders . 
  do n't make a bunch of dumb rules and act surprised when they are circumvented . 
  get rid of the damn dublin regulation , its not good for the refugees , its not good for the eu . 
  we we could look at history again and see lots of examples of european countries under brutal dictators that did n't function well at all , and lots of examples of countries with a proto or limited democracy that functioned quite well . 
  i guess they could start printing drachma instead , would be cheaper than buying toilet paper . 
  they made a lot of bad choices , so they 've got no right to complain about having to pick between two tough choices of either leaving the euro or taking whatever handout they can get which has been pretty generous by the way . 
  is europe some kind of magical place where there are no consequences for your actions ? 
  where euros rain from the sky ? 
  i do n't know who this or the context but i 'm going to assume its some kind of rhetorical statement , and not something to be taken literal . 
  considering the russian creep , its a good thing we got many of these east european countries into nato when we did otherwise we could be seeing a much bigger problem . 
  whats strange about it ? 
  its the biggest terrorist attack in history that took place over hours , why would n't it be on national tv ? 
  if you read the context its a completely unremarkable statement . 
  he 's referring to papers written to analysis different responses to the 9/11 attacks , specifically whether or not the us would use nuclear weapons . 
  obviously the us never did , and simply `` thinking through all scenarios '' is just due diligence not an overreaction . 
  oh please , europe is the only reason greece is still a functioning country and unlike these refugees greece has no one but themselves to blame for their problems . 
  i 'm not sure what that first sentence says but there are plenty of examples of europe not avoiding war after ww2 . 
  just looking at france i could rattle off things from the algerian war , first indochina war , all the way up to modern conflicts like the invention in the libyan civil war and operation serval . 
  the middle east was not impacted significantly by ww2 , outside of the creation of the state of israel immediately following that conflict . 
  i know that other states like syria were given independence following the war , but their independence is n't a major driver of conflict today like israel 's is . 
  the biggest drives of conflict in that region today are not related to ww2 at all . 
  yes nearby conflicts can cause problems , but as its demonstrated by european history simply living in a region with a lot of conflict does n't negate the possibility of democracy spreading/evolving . 
  heck it took ww2 ( and a powerful outside threat ) to finally get european powers to start working together . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1848 waves of revolutions across a region have happened before , here are other examples https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_wave some of these listed on the 2nd wikipedia page are n't really related by anything other than the time they occurred , but there are several examples of regional revolutionary waves . 
  so the simple fact that many occurred together does n't really indicate a deliberate trigger by outside actors . 
  so not just the syrian civil war but the entire arab spring was the result of western intervention in events in north africa and the middle east ?
