  anyway its not important who `` got to europe first , '' or when the first hungarian nomad crossed the urals . 
  ( if the people way back then could even have been considered hungarian at that point in their migration ) i just wanted to point out that the hungarian state actually came after islam arrived as another way of dismissing orban 's comments . 
  i 'd like someone to explain to me how the russians can believe at the same time that putin has never sent arms/soldiers to ukraine , but that he 's really sticking it to the evil west by supporting these rebels, 
  islam has a longer history in europe than hungary does . 
  true story, 
  thats my point , it will stay at 0 because its about something bad happening to these people, 
  in afghanistan , where people actually do shoot at you , we were n't allowed to fire warning shots for the same reasons . 
  plus there 's the problem of how does the other guy know its a warning shot and that you 're not just shooting at him with intent to kill ? 
  now its 8 hours old and my comment is still true, 
  every post in / r/europe about something terrible happening to refugees , muslims , or any of the unwanted `` others '' never picks up any upvotes . 
  whataboutism, 
  the point is that there was no intent to kill this person , the mishandling of a firearm resulted in someone dying without any reason . 
  people should demand their police not kill by mistake and be upset when they do . 
  i actually posted this story earlier with that bolded statement as my title , the mods removed it because they said i was editorializing, 
  he fired a warning shot and it killed a random person as a result of a ricochet . 
  horrible . 
  if this was a european who lets say was killed by mistake from a ricochet by a police officer firing a warning shot people would be pissed off as all hell . 
  whoa that was n't a criticism at all , i love that era and what every british bluesman did with the material . 
  i just wanted people to know what the origin was , maybe they 'd be interested in it enough to check it out for themselves . 
  for example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mucoqrye7-k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtlvsedpiru both are excellent songs , but not many people know where the more popular covers from the 60s-70s came from, 
  i 'd like to point out that every english rock band in the 50s and 60s based their music on american blues traditions . 
  true , but you 're being kind of biased are n't you ? 
  picking metrics where portugal is clearly ahead and saying they are the ones that really matter . 
  20 times the population , bigger economy , more powerful , more important on the world stage , etc , i 'd say you 're overtaken . 
  the rebels found it a former ukrainian military base of course , no arms have moved from russia to the rebel territories . 
   we need to prepare for them , not try to prevent them . 
  why not both ? 
  alright , come on in . 
  we need to work with all the nations on the nato borders to bring them into the fold , that 's whats going to keep the peace . 
  so long as nato remains the pinnacle of military power in the world , far outpacing all other potential rivals , then no rival will start another great war . 
  maybe one day nato could expand to north africa http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_120234.htm, 
  the anti-science crowd, 
  do n't feel too bad you 're not the first country to be overtaken by a former colony . 
  ok but did you do that ? 
  i 've got relatives who may have been at some pretty awful pow camps during our civil war ? 
  but if i did n't i 'm sure i could go back far enough in my family tree to find someone who suffered pretty badly . 
  so what ? 
  that does n't make my opinion any more or less valid, 
  like me ? 
  what exactly are you saying here ? 
  they are n't supposed to be colors its a `` theme '' unless you think audrey and bloody mary are colors too, 
  i do n't think he 's representative of many people though , most of his posts are about feminism destroying the world and guns, 
  i never thought i 'd see trump being quoted on / r/europe , the quality of this sub is hurting bad, 
  my great uncle was wounded on guam in 1944 , my uncle served in vietnam , i went to afghanistan and knew a few people who were killed or wounded . 
  so what ? 
  does that give me a more insightful opinion ? 
  not really . 
  does that give my opinions on this issue more validity ? 
  i do n't think so either . 
  i 'm not really sure what `` i knew people who had rough times in their lives '' makes your opinion any more meaningful . 
  especially considering i 'm sure these refugees know plenty of people who had rough times , they are refugees after all . 
  how come you give their opinion about sandwiches extra validity ? 
  you know i 've got to ask how many people in the netherlands have family who suffered during the war ? 
  i 'm guessing just about everyone since the country was occupied for 5 years , so why exactly does that make you special ? 
  if you come into the us and have child its an american citizen , but that does n't give you citizenship and you can still be deported . 
  you have to be 21 before you can sponsor your parents for permanent residence or citizenship . 
  nobody is crossing our border to have a kid as a means to stay in the us , thats not how it works . 
  http://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/immigrate/family/family-preference.html the actual `` anchor babies '' are from folks who fly into the us to have their child then take them back to their home countries . 
  its done by rich well off foreigners who want their kid to go to an american school or be able to immigrate later on http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/30/upshot/just-what-do-you-mean-by-anchor-baby.html, 
  lol, 
  all i was saying was that its worked out great for the us , i 'm not making an argument about european policy of course the situation is different . 
  its just that / u/paranoid70 made a silly comment implying immigration did n't work out great for the us , when in fact it did . 
  also worked out great for europe too that so many europeans were able to come over here . 
  also the anchor baby argument is way overblown , we 've estimated that less than 10,000 babies were born in the us by `` birth tourists '' in 2013 . 
  its not an effective way to get us citizenship for the parents as they have to wait until their child is 21 to sponsor their citizenship process . 
  also birth tourism is something done mostly by well off individuals who are n't going to be a net drain on society . 
  its not needed as long as you do n't care about maintaining the `` blood purity '' of your country , the states of the americas show that its not required to maintain a stable and unified society or achieve any other notable goal . 
  it says the us has different reasons to go to war . 
  also , 70 ? 
  are you sure ? 
  maybe you want to look that up, 
  we 've benefit immensely from immigration throughout our history , it should n't need explaining . 
  could you imagine how much more limited our country would be if say after we declared our independence we had little or no immigration ? 
  i wonder how the irish would feel if we tried to force 2 million of them or their children back into famine during the potato blight . 
  they certainly enjoyed having citizenship by birthrate , plus we gave nearly all of them citizenship upon arrival , though that was due to mostly the desire to have them vote for certain politicians . 
  are you really asking him to show you that genetics do n't determine your culture ? 
  right because never in history have people hung onto something that was n't needed anymore . 
  we 're past the need to rely on blood relation , or rather perceived blood relation , to give ourselves an identity . 
  more like 11.5 million http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/ois_ill_pe_2012_2.pdf also we 've got a lot of immigrates from places other than our southern neighbors, 
  it has worked out great for the us though ... 
  ok what about those who ca n't afford a pay cut ? 
  they just budget better ? 
  be less poor ? 
  also do n't count on prices falling too much , you are in the eurozone remember which means the price of goods/services that freely move across all your borders are influenced by more than just french wages . 
  they are influenced by the wages and earnings of everyone in the eurozone . 
  and lets not forget that sellers have to be willing to sell at that lower price , if they are n't well then prices may stay pretty much the same and you 'll be out of a lot of purchasing power . 
  good , the idea of citizenship and nationality based on blood/heritage like we 're a bunch of archaic tribes living in the wilderness needs to end, 
  i 'm so glad i live in a society where my identity is n't threatened by how others live . 
  what about those who ca n't afford a pay cut ? 
  from 35 to 32 hours ? 
  thats a luxury not everyone can afford, 
  sure , just cut their pay by 9 % or so to make up for the lost hours, 
  if russia was n't so weak , putin would n't have to go to such lengths to prove its strong . 
   apparently this is not wwii . 
  hey pal my great grandfather had it pretty rough during the war , which does n't have anything to do with me at all but i 'm going to pretend like i `` know how it is '' so i can dismiss the concerns of other people . 
  not according to the article , its `` pork or nothing . '', 
  i did n't realize being muslim was incompatible with being french . 
  and no `` freedom from religion '' does n't mean you have the right to eat with someone who does n't eat pork . 
  `` when in rome '' is a stupid platitude , it does n't justify or mean anything . 
  its just a silly little phrase people can spout off .
