  or in this case , no one 's favor, 
   we 're heading into a multipolar world order . 
  this is what critics of the eu i think dont ultimately understand . 
  no european country is large enough or powerful enough to achieve everything it wants to achieve by itself . 
  if any european country wants to `` chart its own course '' and not be under the umbrella of say america it needs to act through the eu . 
  the eu is big enough and strong enough to stand as a peer to other global powers or soon to be global powers . 
  they 'd have to leave the eu first , and i mean no shit leave it, 
  more evidence that referendums for major policy decisions are stupid, 
  like the english have anything to be nationalistic about anyway, 
  because writing for a comedy show is easier when you can smugly look down on something . 
  i do n't know about european programs but major shows like in the us with presenters like samantha bee , jon stewart , john oliver , stephen colbert , etc typically fill most of their programming with this kind of thing . 
  they follow the same pattern too , put up some kind of image , say ` hey look at this stupid thing , ' offer a few seconds of explanation , make a joke about it . 
  then repeat that pattern for 30 minutes to an hour . 
  in fact i 've gotten completely sick of it , jon stewart popularized the format on the daily show but now that everyone is copying him its completely overdone and worn out . 
  it may also have to do with the fact that a lot of the people doing this kind of programming from presenters to producers once worked on the daily show . 
  they literally all came from the same place earlier in their careers . 
  anyway , someone needs to figure out a new way to do ` comedy-news ' because i 'm tired of seeing half a dozen programs with no real difference besides the presenter . 
  but to answer your question , why do they always shit on the right well because of what i said earlier . 
  its easier to write jokes for the show when everything starts with `` hey look at this stupid thing that happened in the news . '', 
  unfortunately the populist right is the biggest producer of stupid shit happening in the world so they get the most attention on these programs . 
  he understands his support goes up as things get worse, 
  the eu is handling brexit very well , frame it as an opportunity to achieve new things not as a fight to ` hold things together ', 
  i still ca n't believe this shit is happening, 
  [ leave 's reaction to the endless doom ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/nothing_to_see_here_naked_gun.gif ), 
   it will be ~ ~ a challenge ~ ~ impossible to convince china of said proposal . 
   he is not speaking on behalf of all of britain , he is speaking on behalf of his constituency who voted him there . 
  well thats a problem , no one is elected with a 100 % of the vote ( except for the grorious supreme reader kim jong-un ) but they still have to represent everyone, 
   post the bit afterwards where he complains about putin jailing journalists is n't that `` putin as an operator '' though ? 
  have they ? 
  i mean leave won thats true of course but vindicated ? 
  so far the only thing britain has done following the leave vote is promptly fall flat on its face with no sign of recovery in slight . 
  in fact its shit itself so badly people are questioning whether or not the uk will even exit in a decade . 
  but we 're getting off topic , how does farage have more power than ever before ? 
  certainly not in the eu parliament as i 've mentioned . 
  do you think the british people will vote more ukip into the house of commons ? 
  why ? 
  not only will the disastrous results of brexit only get worse as time goes on , but its lost a major pillar of its platform . 
  ca n't exactly keep complaining about the eu can it ? 
  well maybe it can , its moronic supporters will buy any narrative that says they are n't responsible for their actions . 
  why not ? 
  the dead weight has cut itself off and its floundering in the sea, 
  no sympathy, 
  hows that ? 
  he 's not going to be heading negotiations , he 's not going to be proposing new legislation , meps are going to to listen to him even less you say he has more power than ever before , so what is he going to accomplish that he could not before with this new power, 
  id go , be a nice bit of relaxation before returning to the land of perpetual doom that the uk is now, 
   but no foreign politician could talk to the uk that way and get the result they wanted . 
  well you sure showed us . 
  good on you ? 
  i ca n't believe after shooting yourself in the gut people still want to stand on pride, 
  no sympathy, 
  well you can now , let us now how it works out, 
  there are no american soldiers in baghdad, 
  the uk learned from the best it seemed, 
  the uk has to get out , or come to brussels crawling and begging , otherwise the credibility of the eu as a whole will be threatened . 
  i think obama was clearly more of the statesmen , after all he took the time to warn you of what would happen and lo and behold here we are . 
  came here to say this, 
  thats because putin wanted you to make this awful mistake, 
  thats why its a vote to * call * the uk to begin negotiations not to * force * the uk to begin negotiations . 
  you know i thought if nothing else the leavers would have learned to pay a little more attention to details in the last few days, 
  north ireland , gibraltar , scotland . 
  i absolutely love how within hours of the vote people were angling to pick apart the united kingdom holy shit what have the english done, 
  can anyone think of a time in the last 30 years when a country has so completely fucked itself in a single move ? 
  i 'm trying to think if this is a first in a life time event for me, 
  i predict we 'll be seeing `` fresh 31 year low '' for quite a while, 
  now i 'm being trolled, 
   you should n't really blame cameron for calling the referendum , he only gave people what they were demanding , the choice was theirs . 
  there are times where leaders have to realize the voting population can be pretty damn stupid and not give them something like this to vote on, 
  thats a lot of fucked, 
  definitely comparable, 
  things are n't looking good lads, 
  farage loves this , he 's a man who gains support by blaming literally everyone and everything besides the uk and his english fan-boys . 
  seriously ukip 's entire messaging is about how bad everything else and how they are the only one who can fix it , things getting bad while they are n't in power is exactly what they want . 
  the worse things get the more things he can blame the eu and the gov ' t for and so far it seems to be working for him . 
  just wait , he 'll start saying this is proof the eu is punishing britain just as he said they would and/or this only speculators hurting our economy . 
  never our fault , never our bad decisions , never take responsibility or accept that your actions have consequences . 
  itt : people discover that not everyone has the same idea of what is and is not a race . 
  are slavs and british the same race ? 
  caucasian , germanic , slavic , ` white ? ', 
  what is and is not a race ? 
  which is the more important ` race ' when it comes to identifying someone ? 
  we debate it here . 
  maybe they 'll also discover the whole notion is just a social construct and a matter of perspective and perhaps even then figure they should worry about it that much . 
  well fair enough though groups are made up of individuals there is a difference in how or if people assimilate depending on how many of them come . 
  it could be a single drop or it could be a tidal wave depending on how one defines `` others . '', 
  i mean whats ` dutch ' to you ? 
  born in the netherlands ? 
  born in former dutch colonies ? 
  born to dutch parents ? 
  born to a family with dutch heritage going back x generations ? 
  its all about perspective , you could make your society as diverse or as homogeneous as you want depending on how you want to slice everyone up into different groups based on different criteria . 
  or maybe its not just being dutch that matters but also one 's religion , dutch christians are good but dutch muslims no . 
  dutch atheists and agnostics good ? 
  what about particular types of christians ? 
  add this with the stuff from earlier and we are getting really detailed . 
  what about a dutch muslim who was born in indonesia to dutch parents prior to ww2 but has recently immigrated to the netherlands ? 
  are they `` dutch enough '' to not add to the diversity of the netherlands or are they not `` dutch enough '' so they add to the diversity . 
  all about perspective and what you consider to be creating or not creating diversity . 
  what do you consider to be diverse and what do you not consider to be diverse ? 
  in other words what characteristics must a person have to not be increasing diversity in the netherlands and what characteristics must they have to be increasing diversity ? 
  honest question .
