  whats this about a foreign god ? 
  its worth noting that russian rhetoric considers all rebels to be isis, 
  thanks !, 
  unfortunately i could n't search that site in english , which made finding it very difficult . 
  but its as i imagined , the bishop just wants to let these folks use the space when its not being used for other reasons . 
  of course that detail was left out of the video, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_rebel_media excellent source of information i 'm sure . 
  i ca n't find the svt article he 's talking about in the video , and of course he never provided a link to the source . 
  and google just turns out more shitty websites like wnd.com when i search for the story . 
  can anyone provide a legit news source that 's not the youtube channel of a guy who used to work for a failed tabloid ? 
  itt the sky falls and western civilization ends . 
  not only is this just a trend , which may change who knows . 
  you folks only have a few options , you can either bring back those nasty religious laws and national churches or can start breeding at a rate faster than these folks breed , or you can just accept it as a consequence of religious freedom . 
  right now most people in here sound like a bunch of * americans * who love to talk about all the great freedoms they have on one hand , then complain about all the decisions other people make with their freedoms that they do n't like . 
  but its not a fight about religious differences, 
  with no money for training or equipment , discipline has started to break down https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hpenltqudg, 
  this . 
  both times russia has collapsed , after ww1 and the cold war , it has always managed to scrap itself back together , and it has always wanted the lands of its old tsarist empire back . 
  russia is one of those states thats been beat down a lot , which has given it a lot of revanchism . 
  any time you 've got a rhetoric based on `` righting wrongs of the past , '' historical revision , and returning to greatness you 've got a recipe for revanchism . 
  better together, 
  you should look at the history of the cold war , we talked with the russians all the time . 
  we 're talking with the taliban now to try to negotiate a settlement in afghanistan . 
  `` satan incarnate '' is a ridiculously hyperbole , its not anywhere close to what i said , but point being we 've never had that much of a problem talking to the people we hated . 
   best outcome is for assad to have a decisive victory and regain control over syria . 
  thats also a fanciful outcome , you ca n't simply `` go back '' to the way things were pre-war . 
  nor can all the airstrikes in the world destroy an enemy , drive him underground perhaps , but that just alters the conflict into an insurgency . 
  there 's no real way for assad to achieve a `` decisive '' victory . 
   i wish people would drop the good/evil dichotomy , it is n't really a thing in geopolitics . 
  sure it is , well at least i do n't have a problem calling the guy who massacred his own people , has used chemical weapons on them , etc and his supporters the `` bad guys . '', 
  good, 
  i wonder if russia will admit the error, 
  the syrian civil war is not a shia-sunni fight, 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/nov/22/south-korean-mp-lets-off-teargas http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-30129630 thats of course not to mention all the other uses of gas or violence in parliaments around the world . 
  holy christ maybe all these countries are run by terrorists !, 
  let it go , no cares about the borders of a kingdom 800 years long gone or the field of blackbirds, 
  sometimes diplomats try to make things as comfortable as possible for visiting guests , sometimes that means having a meal served that native to the guest , sometimes that means covering up a statue . 
  would you guys be upset if al nahyan was n't served a bowl of spaghetti for dinner ? 
  this is italy god damn it you will conform . 
  you people act as if this is the first time special considerations are made for a visiting diplomat, 
  seriously http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21647618-meet-little-britain-shrinking-actor-global-stage-punch-and-duty, 
  our philosophy is that citizenship entails both responsibilities and benefits, 
  dude the hostage rescue took place using tanks , bmps , rocket launches , flamethrowers and a hind helicopter . 
  the police/army did such a poor job of controlling the area that local civilians were assaulting the school themselves . 
  some estimates are that up to 80 % of the hostages were killed by indiscriminate russian fire . 
  the media had a complete black out on the subject . 
  putin dismissed his criticism of the incident as another example of the ` west ' trying to keep russia down . 
  the whole thing is a classic example of putin looking after himself , of the state looking at its own image before the lives of its citizens . 
  i feel bad for the victims , but they were victims of their own government as much as they were of terrorists, 
  the folks at beslan died to protect putin 's image, 
   if russia were to remove all of the pro western rebels the west would have to decide between isis and assad and probably result in assad . 
  thats a big if, 
  he didnt read past the title, 
  eh you 're not going to be constructive on reddit , people are going to upvote stuff they agree with and down vote stuff they do n't agree with . 
  it would n't matter if i put together or posted the most comprehensive analysis of moroccan response to terrorism , if it does n't fall in line with the preconceptions of whoever is looking at they 'd ignore it or come up for some excuse as it why its wrong , etc. 
  but lets test that theory . 
  here 's a fairly brief analysis of morocco 's response to terrorism http://www.state.gov/j/ct/rls/crt/2013/224823.htm now lets wait and see if someone comes back here to admit they should n't only look at whether a country is `` islamic '' or not before forming an opinion on this subject . 
  if they do n't i bet you 'll say its because i 'm being insulting or condescending , and again i admit i am , but thats exactly my point . 
  too many people treat their ego as more important than truth or good information , as so long as i keep insulting that ego they 'll deny the nose on their face . 
  how absurd is that !, 
  edit : told you, 
  well they do n't have governments as heavily based on the the islamic religion as other islamic countries do , but they are muslim majority countries . 
  that is actually precisely my point just because a country is islamic , as in it has a majority muslim population , does n't automatically mean it has a certain type of government or treats terrorists in a certain way . 
  i was trying to be condescending , which i think is appropriate when someone says that because a country is islamic they are suspicious of their treatment towards terrorists . 
  no i just pay attention to detail , instead of lumping together dozens of countries as if they were all the same . 
  saying something like if a country is islamic it should be treated with suspicion in regards to how they prosecute terrorism is just stupid . 
  it disregards every important detail and focuses on something trivial instead , taking that kind of attitude is only going to leave you with a highly misrepresented and inaccurate view of the world . 
  i mean i do n't suppose you 'd enjoy being lumped together with spain or britain on every issue because you 're both european . 
  do you feel that we should suspect albania or kosovo 's desire to punish terrorists because they are majority muslim countries , islamic states ? 
  if the answer is no then you just demonstrated my point . 
  lol you 're serious . 
  right lets take a glance at the middle east before saddam was over thrown in 2003 . 
  you had a shia uprising in iraq , terrorist in saudi arabia and egypt , the gulf war , the iran-iraq war , a few civil wars in yemen , numerous conflicts with the kurds by various states . 
  yeah the model of stability , but you do n't care because hey its `` not my problem . '', 
  you do n't care how many people are killed just as long and no one bothers you , that 's a real sick attitude . 
  also yes italy is partially responsible for saddam 's overthrow and what happened in iraq , they sent troops , they supported the mission . 
  i understand your very typical european attitude of never taking responsibility , blaming everyone else for any problem that comes along . 
  but lets be honest the us was n't the only one to invade iraq , ** and in the case of libya the us was n't even the largest participant . 
  i think you mean they kept people from immigrating to europe . 
  the dictators killed way more people on their own accord than the wars and choas which followed their downfall have caused . 
  `` better place '' is hardly what i 'd call it , perhaps better for some but not better for everyone thats for sure . 
  dictators in quotes , though thats funny . 
  also blaming the us alone for saddam and gaddafi 's removals , that 's just laughably stupid, 
  doing due diligence to detail is not being liberal or tolerant , its just being smart and honest, 
   it is an islamic country , so you never now actually you could know if you cared to stop generalizing and got rid of your bias towards islamic states , 
   ukraine -- annexation of sevastopol ( should be part of russia ) , annexation of crimea ( should be independent country by internal law of the referendum ) , scrapping half our black sea fleet , language status ( 60 % of the population in the 90 's ) , blackmail over gas pipes ( since the 90 's ) , infringement of patents and licenses for weapon industry , promises of joining the union , reception of over $ 200bn in different aid programs and later not joining . 
  the other stuff in this post is pretty bad , but this is just an outright falsehood . 
   although if they are trying to evade syrian aa it makes a little bit of sense . 
  the syrians are n't shooting at us planes though , because we are n't attacking their positions . 
  we 've only been bombing isis and some other groups thus far . 
  syria is n't about to shoot at american plane , we 're killing people they are fighting too . 
  and that 's not to mention the huge can of worms it will open if they actually did something like that, 
  perhaps but not prevalent enough to alter the response by europe 's governments , which was far more comprehensive than the response has been to this crisis . 
  some of that anti-refugee , anti-immigration attitudes are racist though . 
  look at the response to the refugees from the yugoslav wars , there were plenty of muslims , uneducated people , people who did n't speak the language of the country they took refugee in etc. 
  those refugees even ended up all over europe , and no one accused them of being economic migrants because they left the safety of the countries neighboring yugoslavia . 
  but they were n't brown , though i guess they were `` european '' and thats a factor i ca n't control for since there 's no real comparison to migrates coming from out of europe . 
  maybe when de gaulle ordered the algerian forces who fought for french left behind to be murdered by the new algerian government, 
  thats a pretty insulting thing to call a frenchman, 
  im just looking at your post history , but it looks like your opinion is n't that people who ca n't immigrate legally should n't be in your country its that no one should be allowed to immigrate to your country because you 're a superior people,
