  well greece did n't like the bailout offer , hey thats fine . 
  they can come up with an alternative how does `` nothing '' sound ? 
  that ai n't working thats the way you do it, 
  wow so between the two hard options of hard staying in the euro or printing drachma they 've managed to think of something worse ? 
   why should germany give in ? 
  how could merkel justify giving millions to greeks ? 
  because they voted for more money thats why !, 
  why ca n't you respect the will of the people ? 
  every generation hast to deal with stuff left over from the previous one , and every generation in term creates problems that their successors will have to manage . 
  oh yeah well athens was pretty greedy when it sought to spread the influence of its empire prior to the peloponnesian war . 
  and shortly after that alexander went out to conquer the world . 
  of course none of that has anything to do with with the current situation , just like your own examples . 
  going dark for a few hours does n't make a point , its not a real inconvenience, 
  i like how they used a two year old photo , also its the russian foreign minister using that word so you know , and what exactly is `` normal '' anyway ? 
  russia can have a normal relationship when it stays within its normal borders, 
  greece is voting whether it should stay in the euro and cut services , or leave the euro and cut services because its drachma does n't have enough value to pay for them all, 
  thats very optimistic of you , inflation is going to eat away any value, 
  `` called for all parties to get together '' well god if thats not a game changer i dont know what is, 
  does anyone even know what this referendum is about anywhere ? 
  i mean what exactly does a yes or no vote even mean at this point ? 
  as for the eurozone , well i 'm sure that the eu will never `` force '' greece out that much is true . 
  however for any government to function its needs a currency , which means either greece can continue to accept bailout money and run the parts of the government it can or it can say no more cuts no more conditions we 're going to fund our government with our own money . 
  greece wants to do its own thing with the euro , but if they continue to default and the amount of euros in the government 's coffers remains insufficient to cover their expenses they are going to be forced to pick between cuts or printing a new currency . 
  this is why rejecting the bailout is essentially a vote on eu membership , if they wo n't cut back they 'll need a new currency to pay for the things they wo n't cut . 
  and lastly of course there 's the ever present worry that if greece decides it would rather use its own currency to continue paying for all the things it just ca n't live without well i hope they have a plan to deal with the massive amount of drachma inflation . 
  what i see is this , either greece can remain in the eurozone and make hard cuts or it can leave the eurozone and either make hard cuts or see its currency inflate into valueless junk as it tries to use monopoly money to keep paying for all the things it wants which will break its economy even further . 
  either way , its not going to be able to pay for all the goodies it wants . 
  i think he 's realized the `` if i go , you 'll go with me strategy '' has failed and now he 's grasping for some legitimacy by encouraging people to vote `` no . '', 
  this whole idea of `` i ca n't agree to these terms without the people having their say '' is a bunch of junk . 
  you were elected to make these kind of decisions , in fact it may not even be a stretch to say you were elected to make this exact decision . 
  he needs to step up and lead his country , not beg greeks to do the deed for him . 
  those people are more valuable than soldiers in many cases . 
  lithuania should be ashamed of itself for leaving them in a country where they have to be afraid the rest of their lives of reprisal for the help they gave . 
  fucking forbes and their welcome screens, 
  what did they slam it with ? 
  but what about ... 
  israeli policy in the west bank has been one of slowly , extremely slowly at times , pushing the palestinians out of the land . 
  i honestly think they are attempting to settle the separate state issue by one day being able to , rightfully , claim that there is a jewish majority and that therefore the lands should never be given to palestine . 
  already israelis make up about 20 % of the population of the west bank . 
  but by 2035 its expected that only 46 % of the people living there will not be israeli . 
  http://mondoweiss.net/2014/02/population-israelpalestine-projected/ i think you 'll also see the growth of the `` one-state solution '' within the palestinian camp . 
  a lot of palestinians are very cynical about their government being able to actually achieve an independent state and its ability to govern one if they get it . 
  if/when most palestinians give up on the idea of an independent state the movement will shift to something like a civil rights struggle , where they tacitly acknowledge israel as their government but demand wide scale reform and social acceptance . 
   while that sounds nice , i 'd much rather have 30 minutes for lunch and finish my day 60 minutes earlier . 
  well most people still got out at 1700 so it was n't as if it was typical for most people to work beyond when a normal american work day is supposed to end . 
  well that was while we were in the office and not doing in the field training or doing whatever , work also started at 0630 and often went to 17-1800, 
   did you work for a japanese company ? 
  no i was in the military, 
  everyone should be allowed to take naps at work if you 've got a mature work environment . 
  last place i worked gave us 90 minutes for lunch most days , enough time to eat lunch , work out , take a quick nap , and not be a zombie for the afternoon . 
  finally someone shows some balls, 
  i really hope we make them a state , with their approval , they 've certainly earned through blood and culture every right to have their island and people fully integrated as americans . 
  well thats good to hear, 
  positively soviet, 
  planet earth , where putting up with some unwanted regulation and rules is better than being gunned down in the street . 
  well maybe i 'm wrong , maybe ceau\u0219escu was n't such a bad guy after all . 
  if he were still around romania wouldnt be in the eu thats for sure, 
  you can bitch about puerto rico if you want to . 
  i just do n't like this notion the french have had that sticking their colonial management into the same administrative divisions as the rest of france somehow magically makes the land , and more importantly the people , french . 
  you heard it when people criticized french policy in algeria , `` algeria is part of france inseparable , these are french departments where french citizens live . '', 
  yes well we saw how true that turned out to be . 
  point is calling a colony something other than a colony does n't change what it actually is . 
   what exactly is it you think that we want that requires all governments working together ? 
  security and growth are the big things, 
  and what i 'm saying is that what people want their governments to do is beyond the capability of their governments if they do n't work together . 
  nevermind loyalty , this is about practicality . 
  things are better now in europe than they have ever been in history thanks in no small part to the eu and its predecessor organizations . 
  comparing the eu to the soviet union , what bullshit . 
  especially insulting to history coming from someone from romania who you think would know better seeing as how that country was subjugated to soviet style rule . 
  hey go tell your parents and grandparents you understand how they struggled under that communist rule because you live in the eu . 
  let us know how that goes, 
   europe needs a political union for its own survival . 
  it has proven to be unable to resist murdering its neighbors for the past like 1500 years . 
  did n't you know ? 
  history in europe started in 1945 , nothing before `` counts '' anymore, 
  europe needs a united europe . 
  all the problems and things people want their governments to solve and maintain are beyond the ability of any one country to do it to their people 's satisfaction . 
  yeah remember when they made the same argument about algeria, 
  i mean i do n't like when people in france try to claim that metropolitan france is no different than the french territories held overseas . 
  i 'd like to say thanks to the guy from france for providing a map that does n't show these overseas territories as being `` part of france . '', 
  civic nationalism is good , ethnic nationalism is stupid, 
   still somehow he 's less evil because he was on the winning side, 
  well they do n't . 
  a gdp of about 2.6 trillion compared to 16 trillion in the eu even after britain leaves . 
  then you can look exports/imports and see that nothing britain exports is n't something thats not made elsewhere in the eu . 
  for example britain exports a lot of cars to europe . 
  do you think germany will be upset that the importation of british cars are interrupted or made more expensive after the uk leaves the eu ? 
  sounds like a great day for all those german car makers to me . 
   but the uk plays a central role in ttip , the ttip negotiations are taking place between the us and the eu , if britain leaves the eu it loses its ability to influence those negotiations . 
  neither the eu or the us is going to be willing to give the uk an equal sit at the table for those negotiations if it leaves the eu . 
  the ttip has already ran into quite a few issues , adding another participate ( who 's eager to win victories in trade negotiations to show the vote was worth it ) will be basically like starting over , which i doubt the eu/us will agree to . 
   you really believe that the uk will be left out . 
  not at all . 
  i think the uk will continue to do lots of trade with the us and the eu , only that they will still be following eu rules more or less the same as they are now . 
   remain only serves to serve the globalists ; the rich elite wealth inequality is a serious issue , but its not going to be solved by throwing up trade barriers . 
  wealth inequality was very bad before free trade agreements came into place , equating one to the other is wrong, 
  people say things but i doubt most serious politicians would do that , canada has benefited tremendously from nafta and trying to rework its trading relation with its largest trading partner wo n't be easy or pretty for the canadian economy, 
  i wonder who will be blamed for the decrease in imports, 
  russians will give up any civil liberties to put on the pretense of strength, 
   what is usa interest in keeping eu united ?
