  `` their representatives '' were selected by the british though . 
  i 'm just saying it would be nice for the cypriots to have a say in the issues at least once . 
  the cypriots never had a say in that matter . 
  first off the us air force doesnt decide what is and is n't american territory . 
  secondly those bases are not us territory , hence why they are `` on loan '' as you put it . 
  you do n't pay someone else to use your own territory after all . 
   it 's not `` paris '' which imposed its language on everything , it is merely the capital of france and where the government , the power , resides , as such it is from here that all laws and reforms come . 
  thats exactly what paris did . 
  the government wanted to standardize the language , a perfectly fine proposition , and made parisian the standard dialect . 
  then the french government over its several incarnations proceeded to suppress anything other than parisian french in all the other french regions . 
  i dont know what those other regions have to do with this . 
  what because france suppressed a lot of other identities besides occitania there was no suppression ? 
  yes they are `` french '' now because their original identities were repressed , thats all i want to see someone acknowledge . 
  that yes in fact parisian language and culture was used as a standard in suppressing the identities of people from brittany , basque country , normandy , occitania , etc , etc why is that so hard for anyone from france to admit ? 
  im not saying those regions are suppressed now , or that the people there secretly do n't consider themselves french , or that do n't consider themselves french . 
  what this looks like to me is if some american claimed the native americans were never suppressed because they are all americans , they are america . 
  yeah they are now , but they were n't always . 
  france used to consider algeria an integral part of france , simply declaring it does n't make it true . 
  also i do n't deny occitania is an integral part of france , i just wish some french person would acknowledge the hundreds of years of language and cultural suppression that took place there in the past . 
  `` always been french '' yeah except less than hundred years ago the third republic was still trying to wipe out the occitan language . 
  two hundreds years about most northerners , thats people in the north of france if youre still confused by that , did n't even see the southerns as being french at all . 
  i want to say again that parisian are people from paris , which is in the northern part of france , so when i say parisians im referring to people from that part of france . 
  people from these regions https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/langues_d%27o%c3%afl who imposed their language on people in the other regions of france . 
  i know that all these northern regions did n't speak the same dialect but they are most closely related to parisan french than occitan . 
  and since the parisian french dialect become the standard thats why i 'm saying the northern french imposed their language on the southern french . 
  stop pretending that france has always existed the way it exists now since the beginning of time . 
  also bullshit on `` many of them come to metropolitan france and live like everyone else . '', 
  fucking seriously ? 
  french people ca n't even stand their fellow frenchmen who are 2nd/3rd generation algerians who were born and raised in france . 
  yeah it applied to all of france , just like spreading english applied to all of the united states it just so happened that the majority already spoke english but the native indians did n't . 
  acting as if its the same policy is dishonest as hell because unlike the majority of white americans the native indians did n't speak english as their first tongue . 
  so do n't pretend that policies to enforce a uniform french language were the same for parisians and northern french , who already spoke that language as a native tongue , as it was for occitanians who at the time did n't . 
  calling the northern french `` victims '' la vergonha is complete shit . 
  i will say this as an outsider , i 've always been surprised by the notion many french people have the subjects of their conquests are equal and no different than any other french person . 
  but in reality they are always treated as 2nd class citizens . 
  for example the occatanian repression of the late 1800s and early 1900s . 
  or that time in 1848 when the 2nd republic declared algeria to be an integral part of france proper , you ca n't tell me at any time in french history did the northern parisians actually consider algerians to be no different they were in regard to their `` frenchness . '', 
  or like french guiana even today being considered an integral part of france no different than nice , lyons , or paris . 
  yeah right . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_guiana#/media/file:guyane_0037.jpg check out this woman from french guiana , you 're telling me that if she walked down the streets of paris looking like that that no one would bat an eye because she 's just as french as everyone else ? 
  please . 
  my impression as an outsider is that the northern parisian french like to pretend they are enlightened enough to not see these kind of differences , that everyone is french and they 're all equal . 
  however their policies enacted in occtania , algeria , guiana all paint a picture very different from the narrative . 
  we are n't talking about a `` civil war . '', 
  we 're just mentioning the suppression of occitanian language and identity , which is why today so much of the population of france feels `` fully french . '', 
  come on its not like you 're the only country to engage in the repression of a minority population and conduct forced assimilation . 
  you ca n't go back , just because al-assad was able to rule syria in the past does n't mean he 's capable of doing it in the future . 
  the syrian army is wrecked , the credibility of the government is destroyed by chemical weapons , barrel bombs , and other brutal tactics . 
  even if a foreign power went in and started occupying all the rebel held areas , which would have to happen because the syrian army ca n't do it , all you 'd see is an insurgency . 
  is anyone in europe willing to go through what the us did in iraq to support assad ? 
  is anyone ? 
  airstrikes wo n't win the war for either side , neither will outright occupation , what is going to take at this point is a negotiated peace which will have to involve assad leaving to be acceptable by the rebels . 
  otherwise this is just going to keep going on forever, 
  i did n't say the uk did n't meet its 2 % spending target i said no one expects them to come to the rescue . 
  but yes we enjoy having this extra capability that basic makes us approval required for any european to conduct just about any operation . 
  it gives us a nice `` veto '' if you will . 
  the problem though is that we really do n't ever want to `` veto '' anything by not providing the support required for europe to conduct its military operations . 
  so since we are n't trying to stop europe from using its militaries , we 'd really like it if you guys would stand up some kind of force that does n't need us support to operate . 
  germany needs to get over its nazi past and stop using it as an excuse when it does n't feel like acting, 
  i was being sarcastic i meant whats the point of relying on where these supports telling you they are form its likely to be very inaccurate, 
  just mentioning occitania causes a shit show it seems . 
  every frenchman and their mother is in here talking about how wrong that map is . 
  weird that the focus is on occitania and not rh\u00f4ne-alpes or normandy which have even less reason to be on this map . 
  it would be ironic if we claimed pieces of those countries as sovereign territory . 
  i was n't talking at all about attacking other countries, 
  we all know france has done its damnest to repress and purge the occintanian culture . 
  its like you 're taking this personally . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/partit_occitan the map represents every movement , no matter how small or insignificant, 
   jobbik seriously they are far larger and far more popular than any islamic threat in hungary . 
  their elected officials not only deny the holocaust but claim ww2 was started by jews as part of some conspiracy . 
  `` locations claimed by twitter users '' gee here i thought isis supports may have reason to hide where they are from, 
  whats with the heads in corsica and sardinia, 
  i meant that european countries have interests the us supports which is one reason they would n't boot us , not that all these operations represent europe as a whole . 
  the stuff about headlines and stability issues are exactly what im talking about . 
  those are your interests and you go along with the us to support them . 
  german people may generally not approve of what the us does but the german government knows its better off with us than without us . 
  like i said europe , germany included , does n't want to have to stand on its own . 
  it needs and wants nato , stability , etc. 
  it would rather act under the protection of the us , so it tolerates american bases and tolerates being a party to our foreign policy . 
  germany could if it wanted to become the most powerful state in europe again , it could be even more of a leader in european affairs , it may even be able to form its own alliance system to protect its security and europe 's . 
  then it would n't have to be a party to american policy if it did n't want to be . 
  but it wo n't , at least not willingly . 
  its performance during the minsk ii treaty negotiations was pitiful and really showed germany 's unwillingness to be a leader for europe . 
  i think cyprus has plenty of grounds of claiming sovereignty of the british bases . 
  its not like those lands were ever historically part of britain , they were simply given to the uk by the ottomans in exchange for help against the russians . 
  and the agreement to give the bases to britain was never decided in a democratic referendum , nor were the cypriot `` leaders '' who decided on the agreement elected at all . 
  you could say the guy sold out part of his country to be president since by agreeing to give britain those bases britain gave cyprus its independence . 
  i think britain unilateral declaration of `` its mine '' is insufficient considering how it came to be `` theirs '' in the first place . 
  hassle ? 
  all you have to do is say get out there 's no effort on the part of the host country required . 
  you could even pick and choose , say get rid of the combat brigade but keep the hospital if you wanted to . 
  point being germany has n't , no one in europe has since france in 66 ' because even through there 's no soviet union to worry about anymore people still want the americans around . 
  europe knows its better to be under the umbrella of american protection where it can safely wag its finger at us rather than step out and stand on its own . 
  for example take the 2011 campaign in libya where the actual combat operations were mostly conducted by european nations , did you know that without us support the operation simply could not have taken place ? 
  all of europe combined could n't fill the gap left by the us if we had n't shown up . 
  do n't just take my word for it https://euobserver.com/news/115650 thats why no one kicks america out regardless how much public disapproval there is for what we do sometimes . 
  they know if they kicked out , the next time that europe wants to do something in libya , or west africa , or even in the balkans ( your own backyard ) . 
  the us just might shrug its shoulders and do nothing , or maybe we 'll extract some other kind of cost that would n't have been asked for if we were n't booted out of the country . 
  so when i say that europe needs the usa even though it likes to smugly judge it while taking advantage of its protection and capabilities , its not just me its the leaders of european militaries like general druart who are saying it . 
   but the government can not use prior restraint to keep you from saying anything that you want to say except in very narrow and specific circumstances .
