  also there are n't millions of refugees moving through europe right now you 're great exaggerating, 
  the kurds are n't an artificial creation the way syria is , and there 's lots of real political issues that would keep them from achieving statehood if they simply declared it . 
  and why the hell do you expect them to feel like part of the country they live in ? 
  do you have no clue about the history of kurds in turkey , iraq , syria ? 
  that 's a really stupid question dude . 
  no you ca n't but it does n't change the fact that forcing people onto a failing state could have extremely disastrous consequences . 
  there 's no easy answer to this, 
  i 'm not unsympathetic to the suffering of veterans or war victims , but i have to be blunt about this : i do n't think this is a good reason . 
  some people may choose to fight and perhaps die for causes larger than themselves others may not , but the choice should be theirs . 
  do you think the same about your fellow croatians who fled during the yugoslav wars ? 
  do you know that she said that after tens and tens of thousands had already come, 
  what do you expect to happy to libya when these masses of people begin piling up on their shores ? 
  i 'm just saying libya is on the verge of being a failed state , which could create a lot more problems than these refugees, 
  the us and europe should be ashamed for what we failed to do for these interpreters . 
  they were more useful than most of our soldiers over there, 
  afghan is the people , afghani is the money, 
  thanks norway ? 
  we 're the ones doing them the favor , they should be thanking us . 
  i 'll thank norway when it meets its nato defense spending goals , otherwise its just mooching, 
  maybe they do n't ? 
  and why should they ? 
  you know syria is an artificial country right , its not ethnically based . 
  people have never had a say in their government , what is there to be loyal to exactly ? 
  why should someone , even if their country wasnt just an artificial creation , be forced by their government or others to fight in a war they do n't want any part in ? 
  i 'd tell you if i was a syrian i would n't give two shits about fighting and dying in an seemingly endless war for a group that does n't represent my interests . 
  i guess its pretty easy to call on others to go fight and die, 
  where are you from i bet i could think of some benefits you enjoy, 
  we should have thrown you guys back to the russians , after coming all the way to the us you passed through plenty of safe countries so you were just economic migrants . 
  i 'd like to point out that the three mosques comment was made by the author and is not a quote from any of the refugees . 
  no one should just assume these people have a problem with the number of mosques in that city , because nothing in the article indicates it, 
  did you read the article ? 
  the three mosques comment was made by the author , its not a quote from any of the refugees . 
  look at this guy , laughing at a kid who 's scared . 
  and it has 30 upvotes . 
  what makes you think that kid was n't scared during any of those other times ? 
  why do you expect a child to not be scared of the unknown ? 
  what exactly are you trying to say here ? 
  the guy i was responding to made no mention of magnitude or scale so neither did i , though i agree that `` b '' very well could ( and does ) impact a in terms of scale and magnitude . 
  event `` a '' is taking place regardless if variable `` b '' is present or not , therefore variable `` b '' does not determine the occurrence of event `` a. '', 
  its pretty straight forward logic so i think using the word `` clearly '' is warranted . 
  there 's not even enough food for people in the lebanon camps , unless that 's changed by some massive funding they certainly wo n't agree to take european deportees . 
  also its illegal in lebanon for refugees to work , leading to a lot of exploitation and abuse as people try to close that gap between what aid is provided and what their needs are . 
  but is that really the solution you want to pursue ? 
  keep people in camps where they ca n't work , ca n't school their children , ca n't do anything but wait to maybe one day go back to a destroyed country ? 
  i didnt realize turkey and lebanon had agreed to take in deportees from europe, 
  so suppose there 's a syrian man escaping the civil war in his country but he smuggled or otherwise got himself to europe . 
  in this example there 's no doubt whatsoever that he is syrian and is a refugee . 
  what would you do with him ? 
  send him back to syria ? 
  i do n't think europe wants to get in the business of deporting people to war zones they 've fled from . 
  you make good points , interesting discussion topic for sure, 
  you know people were being smuggled before merkel made her recent controversial welcome comments ? 
  or that despite a lack of welcome for refugees from britain people still try to smuggle themselves there ? 
  clearly whether or not a government is making these kind of statements does not affect on whether people are being smuggled across the turkish/greek straits . 
  the colonial empires post ww2 were more sources of weakness rather than strength , can anyone really say france was made stronger by having a colonial empire in algeria or vietnam post ww2 ? 
  britain had a comparatively more orderly dissolution of its empire after ww2 but i believe thats because it was clear the cost of maintaining it was not worth the benefits . 
  i do believe these two states saw the writing on the wall that their relative power was far overshadowed by the us and the ussr and that the best way to achieve the most important goal of any state , survival , was in an international system . 
  i 'd also argue that the league was done on similar grounds , there 's no denying a marked decline in relative power of britain and france post ww1 . 
  also the points i made about national security and interest , again security ( survival ) always being the most important interest , included avoiding a ww3 . 
  so preventing more world wars would be in that same vein . 
  nato was created four years after the un , so you ca n't say nato filled the role i just described and therefore thats not why the un was supported by europe . 
  though certainly in joining nato many european countries had the same motivations as for joining the un, 
  i want to say its rational that despite differences and at times being forced to do some unpopular things , most european leaders will realize that they can achieve more of their national interests as part of the eu . 
  i hope i 'm correct , one only has to look at pre and post eu to see that even though there 's dissatisfaction on many issues its clearly a superior state of being . 
  the uk has n't shown the willingness to be a decision maker , so why are you complaining when someone else takes that role ? 
  britain and france probably joined up in no small part due to their realization that their relative decline in power and influence post-ww2 was not going to be reversed . 
  they wanted to support us initiatives like the un to keep the us involved in world politics , which we did n't do after ww1 . 
  us involvement was critical to their national security as neither could punch hard enough to deter threats like the ussr . 
  plus joining an organization like that where they could stand on equal terms with the two big powers the ussr and usa they could in effect have greater influence than their military/economic power would otherwise grant them . 
  i 'm speaking of founding members here , britain and france being the two biggest european ones . 
  there were smaller european countries that were founders but i 'm guessing their decision to join was for much the same reason , their national security and interests could only be achieved as part of a larger organization because they lacked the ability as an individual nation to do it alone . 
  sending them back would be a horrible decision , if its true that these people are coming from syria and iraq then its undeniable they are genuine refugees . 
  it would invalidate any standing europe or turkey has on a morale high ground regarding the treatment of those fleeing war . 
  a camp for 500 people , and i 'm guessing it contains no military age males who 've all been conscripted into the syrian army, 
  there 's literally not enough food for everyone in some camps , clearly its not enough . 
  i posted this elsewhere bullshit . 
  this standard has never been applied before . 
  when refugees fled the balkans they ended up all over europe and north america , no one accused them of being economic migrants . 
  when hungarians fled in 1956 no one accused them of being economic migrants when they ended up all over the place . 
  nor in 63 when russia invaded czechoslovakia . 
  nor in 45 when millions of people moved all over europe or to the us . 
  this whole argument about how they are leaving a safe country and so therefore no longer count as refugees is complete bullshit . 
  that 's never how it worked before , its just a lame excuse for not wanting to help, 
  ever time one of these russian monument stories come up i always say the same thing , load it on a truck and dump it across the border into russia . 
  [ yup ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1b/7b/98/1b7b986bb10951213bfa19c25a67555e.jpg ), 
  this standard has never been applied before . 
  when refugees fled the balkans they ended up all over europe and north america , no one accused them of being economic migrants . 
  when hungarians fled in 1956 no one accused them of being economic migrants when they ended up all over the place . 
  nor in 63 when russia invaded czechoslovakia . 
  nor in 45 when millions of people moved all over europe or to the us . 
  this whole argument about how they are leaving a safe country and so therefore no longer count as refugees is complete bullshit . 
  that 's never how it worked before , its just a lame excuse for not wanting to help, 
  hungary itself estimates its population will continue to fall until 2060 , which is where it ceases doing further estimates . 
  where do you think this trend will turn around ? 
  thats not a straw man thats the result of simple math and looking at history . 
  how the fuck are there so many people who do n't understand if you do n't have enough children to sustain a population , that population will eventually disappear ? 
  its not an extension of my logic because my logic was based on fact , its a fact he 's living in a tent , its a fact he traveled from afghanistan . 
  its only speculation that he stole someone 's car, 
  its very basic math dude , and the hungarian government itself has done it and posted the results online . 
  all i 'm doing its pointing out a trend , saying its unsustainable , and that therefore will have to change in one of a few ways .
