  the concept of england or britain to which people of british stock throughout the commonwealth are attached . '' the immigrants brought with them traditions and mores from their homelands , of which they were often very proud . 
  but they were rarely preoccupied with preserving their cultural differences , nor did they generally consider culture to be a political issue . 
  what troubled them was not a desire to be treated differently but the fact that they were treated differently . 
  racism and inequality , not religion and ethnicity , constituted their key concerns . 
  in the following decades , a new generation of black and asian activists , forming groups such as the asian youth movements and the race today collective , acted on those grievances , organizing strikes and protests challenging workplace discrimination , deportations , and police brutality . 
  these efforts came to explosive climax in a series of riots that tore through the united kingdom 's inner cities in the late 1970s and early 1980s . 
  at that point , british authorities recognized that unless minority communities were given a political stake in the system , tensions would continue to threaten urban stability . 
  it was in this context that multicultural policies emerged . 
  the state , at both the national and the local level , pioneered a new strategy of drawing black and asian communities into the mainstream political process by designating specific organizations or community leaders to represent their interests . 
  at its heart , the approach redefined the concepts of racism and equality . 
  racism now meant not simply the denial of equal rights but also the denial of the right to be different . 
  and equality no longer entailed possessing rights that transcended race , ethnicity , culture , and faith ; it meant asserting different rights because of them . 
  consider the case of birmingham , the united kingdom 's second most populous city . 
  in 1985 , the city 's handsworth area was engulfed by riots sparked by, 
  edit : to clarify the authoriship : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kenan_malik thirty years ago , many europeans saw multiculturalism -- the embrace of an inclusive , diverse society -- as an answer to europe 's social problems . 
  today , a growing number consider it to be a cause of them . 
  that perception has led some mainstream politicians , including british prime minister david cameron and german chancellor angela merkel , to publicly denounce multiculturalism and speak out against its dangers . 
  it has fueled the success of far-right parties and populist politicians across europe , from the party for freedom in the netherlands to the national front in france . 
  and in the most extreme cases , it has inspired obscene acts of violence , such as anders behring breivik 's homicidal rampage on the norwegian island of utoya in july 2011 . 
  how did this transformation come about ? 
  according to multiculturalism 's critics , europe has allowed excessive immigration without demanding enough integration -- a mismatch that has eroded social cohesion , undermined national identities , and degraded public trust . 
  multiculturalism 's proponents , on the other hand , counter that the problem is not too much diversity but too much racism . 
  but the truth about multiculturalism is far more complex than either side will allow , and the debate about it has often devolved into sophistry . 
  multiculturalism has become a proxy for other social and political issues : immigration , identity , political disenchantment , working-class decline . 
  different countries , moreover , have followed distinct paths . 
  the united kingdom has sought to give various ethnic communities an equal stake in the political system . 
  germany has encouraged immigrants to pursue separate lives in lieu of granting them citizenship . 
  and france has rejected multicultural policies in favor of assimilationist ones . 
  the specific outcomes have also varied : in the united kingdom , there has been communal violence ; in germany , turkish communities have drifted further from mainstream society ; and in france , the relationship between the authorities and north african communities has become highly charged . 
  but everywhere , the overarching consequences have been the same : fragmented societies , alienated minorities , and resentful citizenries . 
  as a political tool , multiculturalism has functioned as not merely a response to diversity but also a means of constraining it . 
  and that insight reveals a paradox . 
  multicultural policies accept as a given that societies are diverse , yet they implicitly assume that such diversity ends at the edges of minority communities . 
  they seek to institutionalize diversity by putting people into ethnic and cultural boxes -- into a singular , homogeneous muslim community , for example -- and defining their needs and rights accordingly . 
  such policies , in other words , have helped create the very divisions they were meant to manage . 
  the diversity myth untangling the many strands of the multiculturalism debate requires understanding the concept itself . 
  the term `` multicultural '' has come to define both a society that is particularly diverse , usually as a result of immigration , and the policies necessary to manage such a society . 
  it thus embodies both a description of society and a prescription for dealing with it . 
  conflating the two -- perceived problem with supposed solution -- has tightened the knot at the heart of the debate . 
  unpicking that knot requires a careful evaluation of each . 
  both proponents and critics of multiculturalism broadly accept the premise that mass immigration has transformed european societies by making them more diverse . 
  to a certain extent , this seems self-evidently true . 
  today , germany is the world 's second most popular immigrant destination , after the united states . 
  in 2013 , more than ten million people , or just over 12 percent of the population , were born abroad . 
  in austria , that figure was 16 percent ; in sweden , 15 percent ; and in france and the united kingdom , around 12 percent . 
  from a historical perspective , however , the claim that these countries are more plural than ever is not as straightforward as it may seem . 
  nineteenth-century european societies may look homogeneous from the vantage point of today , but that is not how those societies saw themselves then . 
  consider france . 
  in the years of the french revolution , for instance , only half the population spoke french and only around 12 percent spoke it correctly . 
  as the historian eugen weber showed , modernizing and unifying france in the revolution 's aftermath required a traumatic and lengthy process of cultural , educational , political , and economic self-colonization . 
  that effort created the modern french state and gave birth to notions of french ( and european ) superiority over non-european cultures . 
  but it also reinforced a sense of how socially and culturally disparate most of the population still was . 
  in an address to the medico-psychological society of paris in 1857 , the christian socialist philippe buchez wondered how it could happen that `` within a population such as ours , races may form -- not merely one , but several races -- so miserable , inferior and bastardised that they may be classed as below the most inferior savage races , for their inferiority is sometimes beyond cure . '' the `` races '' that caused buchez such anxiety were not immigrants from africa or asia but the rural poor in france . 
  in the victorian era , many britons , too , viewed the urban working class and the rural poor as the other . 
  a vignette of working-class life in east london 's bethnal green , appearing in an 1864 edition of the saturday review , a well-read liberal magazine of the era , was typical of victorian middle-class attitudes . 
  `` the bethnal green poor , '' the story explained , were `` a caste apart , a race of whom we know nothing , whose lives are of quite different complexion from ours , persons with whom we have no point of contact . '' much the same was true , the article suggested , of `` the great mass of the agricultural poor . '' although the distinctions between slaves and masters were considered more `` glaring '' than those separating the moneyed and the poor , they offered `` a very fair parallel '' ; indeed , the differences were so profound that they prevented `` anything like association or companionship . '' today , bethnal green represents the heart of the bangladeshi community in east london . 
  many white britons see its inhabitants as the new bethnal green poor , culturally and racially distinct from themselves . 
  yet only those on the political fringes would compare the differences between white britons and their bangladeshi neighbors with those of masters and slaves . 
  the social and cultural differences between a victorian gentleman or factory owner , on the one hand , and a farm hand or a machinist , on the other , were in reality much greater than those between a white resident and a resident of bangladeshi origin are today . 
  however much they may view each other as different , a 16-year-old of bangladeshi origin living in bethnal green and a white 16-year-old probably wear the same clothes , listen to the same music , and follow the same soccer club . 
  the shopping mall , the sports field , and the internet bind them together , creating a set of experiences and cultural practices more common than any others in the past . 
  a similar historical amnesia plagues discussions surrounding immigration . 
  many critics of multiculturalism suggest that immigration to europe today is unlike that seen in previous times . 
  in his book reflections on the revolution in europe , the journalist christopher caldwell suggests that prior to world war ii , immigrants to european countries came almost exclusively from the continent and therefore assimilated easily . 
  `` using the word immigration to describe intra-european movements , '' caldwell argues , `` makes only slightly more sense than describing a new yorker as an ` immigrant ' to california . '' according to caldwell , prewar immigration between european nations differed from postwar immigration from outside europe because `` immigration from neighboring countries does not provoke the most worrisome immigration questions , such as ` how well will they fit in ? ' ` is assimilation what they want ? ' and , most of all , ` where are their true loyalties ? ''' yet these very questions greeted european immigrants in the prewar years . 
  as the scholar max silverman has written , the notion that france assimilated immigrants from elsewhere in europe with ease before world war ii is a `` retrospective illusion . '' and much the same is true of the united kingdom . 
  in 1903 , witnesses to the royal commission on alien immigration expressed fears that newcomers to the united kingdom would be inclined to live `` according to their traditions , usages and customs . '' there were also concerns , as the newspaper editor j. l. silver put it , that `` the debilitated sickly and vicious products of europe '' could be `` grafted onto the english stock . '' the country 's first immigration law , the 1905 aliens act , was designed principally to stem the flow of european jews . 
  without such a law , then prime minister arthur balfour argued at the time , british `` nationality would not be the same and would not be the nationality we should desire to be our heirs through the ages yet to come . '' the echoes of contemporary anxieties are unmistakable . 
   but , as part of plans to promote the language , the council will decide whether workers should be encouraged to use * basic cornish phrases * when dealing with the public . 
  i asked if you read the article because you 're complaining that civil servants will be judged on their fluency , when clearly in the article and in the video is only mentioned to be a few basic phrases like `` hello '' and `` goodbye . '', 
  well history shows there 's a range of options that have been effective in creating change in these situations . 
  wow great article , has nothing to do with georgia , and mentions a `` historical mistake '' in the title to compare to syria but never actually mentions what that mistake was making a comparison mute . 
  top notch, 
  east europe is not really more xenophobic than west europe , though data is not conclusive . 
  there 's like ... nothing similar at all between syria and georgia, 
  stuff like this is why europe 's security policies are never going to differ than much from the us . 
  thats actually just how we like it , even if we also complain about europe not spending enough on its own defense . 
  if they under spend the us fills in the gaps and that gives us influence over what that equipment is used for . 
  again i did n't say reverse it , i said make it cost more than its worth . 
  i 'm embarrassed, 
  obviously turning the tanks around was n't an option , but its still an option to invest heavily enough to georgia to deter further aggression and take other means like sanctions to make the annexation of these lands cost more than they are worth . 
  ya 'll should n't be downvoting this guy , he makes some good points . 
  i 'm not pro-russia at all but just dismissing this out of hand is not a way to win friends . 
  yes because there 's nothing we can do short of war , nuclear war at that . 
  its either that or nothing right ? 
  i agree we should have a mission there involving military trainers and equipment sales, 
  actually normally being in a trade deficit puts you at a disadvantageous situation towards trade deals ... and if the uk is left out of the ttip that would leave them with a 3 % tariff when exporting to the us and the eu with no tariff . 
  its not a huge tariff but its not insignificant either, 
  what ? 
  lots of important terrorist attacks have taken place on embassies , and they can have huge consequences, 
  you got me , there will be no economic consequences whatsoever . 
  things will continue as they would have continued without any change at all, 
  `` its their problem '' sometimes the world does n't work like that though . 
  this article and many others make it very clear that there are economic consequences for leaving the eu . 
  in fact many pro-brexit individuals believe cutting some of the economic regulations and ties between the uk and eu will be good for the country . 
  the us has said it does n't intend to negotiate a separate trade treaty like the ttip with the uk if it leaves the eu . 
  this has economic consequences even if the uk doesnt leave the eea . 
  i do n't know what else to tell you thats just a fact . 
  you did n't read the article or watch the video did you ... 
  right but you have to admit that the 5th largest economy leaving the largest economic union is going to have some negative impact yes ?
