  they are n't banning companies they would be banning gm food . 
  gm food is required if the world is going to be fed , not to mention other benefits like reducing global warming by using less resources . 
  its a shame its not nuclear . 
  not all all i mean rebels , i would n't call those in eastern ukraine `` terrorists '' either . 
  regardless of being backed by foreign powers i think ` rebel ' is a much better label in both cases . 
  you made a baseless assumption about my standards, 
   expect islamic state to be defeated within a week or two . 
  i 'll take that bet, 
  oopes , if you want to add ` according to a us official ' at the end that be fine, 
  its impossible and promotes unnecessarily exclusive attitudes , a superiority complex , and a bad understanding of history . 
  maintaining cultural identity as a national priority , i ca n't begin to describe how wrong that sounds . 
  these old world attitudes need to die off, 
  supporting bad public policy does n't make you a terrorist, 
  not in serbia 's case as was clearly demonstrated during the yugoslav wars, 
  just look at history , their air force has never been effective against other powers but their ground based missiles have been . 
  also yes for the purposes of air defense the gorund based missiles are much more versatile than migs . 
  look at the yugoslav wars its right there in history, 
  let me ask you with a finite amount of resources what area of defense do you think serbia should concentrate on ? 
  i was under the impression its greatest challenge at the moment was with controlling its borders . 
  do you think a bunch of old migs are good for that job ? 
  but suppose it goes into a full blown war with its neighbors and once again invites some nasty reprisal from the air . 
  its been clearly demonstrated in its previous conflicts that it gets more bang for its buck by focusing on surface to air missiles than aircraft . 
  during the yugoslav wars the serbian air force was shot out of the sky or blown up on the ground easily . 
  its sam batteries however managed to shoot down a few planes and impacted the decision making of its enemy . 
  clearly , clearly , its so damn obvious , if serbia wants to fight a war for the skies it has to resign to the fact that its not going to be able to fly its own planes . 
  but it just may have an effective system of anti-air equipment on the ground that could prevent its enemy from achieving total air supremacy . 
  regarding the `` civil war '' it may be recent but does anyone honesty think serbia is going to go to war with its neighbors any time soon ? 
  maybe if another chunk of the territory it claims decides to declare independence like kosovo did in 2008 it would trigger another war ? 
  oh wait no that did n't happen at all . 
  the first source says the sub sunk most of the escort fleet as well as the carrier , i 'd be a bit skeptical about that . 
  the 2nd source doesnt mention a carrier, 
  yeah i did n't say that, 
  thats what sam missiles are for, 
  i 'm making a very good point . 
  serbia does not neighbor hostile countries , it hardly mattered their skies were `` undefended '' for months . 
  also if serbia were to find itself in a war with a hostile power its air force would most likely be shot down rather quickly because its made up of shitty old migs that ca n't fly without donated spare parts . 
  but suppose serbia went to war again , ok . 
  if serbia learned anything from the yugoslav wars if it wants a compete air defense it does n't need fighter planes it needs surface to air missiles that cost far less to maintain , can be deployed with much more versatility , and actually stand a chance in shooting down an enemy plane . 
  serbia knows this which is why its air defense artillery , ie the surface to air missiles , are in the same command structure as its air force . 
  if it wants a more effective air defense scheme it would ditch its outdated fighters . 
  do n't worry i have some insider information all of the us sanctions on russia will soon be lifted, 
  could they not with the music ? 
  who on / r/europe is downvoting this ? 
  hold onto your butts mother fucks , we 're all riding the trump train and where it goes no one knows, 
  i know you 're in a tough spot , i 'm just saying its going to get tougher and i wish the eu the best . 
  elections arent about what the candidate deserves , no one `` deserves '' to be president or pm or whatever , its not a prize thats rewarded for something you 've done . 
  elections are about whats best for the people , and people who vote based on who they think ` deserves ' the win more based on some prize mentality do their country a disservice . 
  why ? 
  the us is the eu 's biggest trading partner , you 're dependent on the wealth it brings it . 
  we 're also dependent on that trade , but we 've decided to shoot ourselves in the foot on this one . 
  just be wary of global recession doing damage to the eu . 
  the primaries were n't rigged , clinton had more support from dems than sanders . 
  she 's been a pillar of the dem party for decades and has built a lot of support during that time . 
  sanders was an independent his whole career who joined the dems just to take advantage of their primary system . 
  a whole lot of his voters were n't long time dems but came in just to vote for him . 
  i 'm an international relations student too , kinda sucks half of what i 've learned will soon be history . 
  time to step up eu/nato , you may not have the us to rely on for much longer, 
  comey said what patreus did was much worse and he was n't jailed or charged with a crime . 
   look at comey 's statements . 
  but not the one where he said no charges were recommended ? 
  how many separate investigations do you need before you find something ? 
  seems to me either she 's innocent or the investigators and the republican party are the most incompetent people on the planet . 
   but i am a lawyer . 
  if you think hillary has n't been indicted bc of the merits , you are wrong . 
  bill clinton went on lorretta lynch 's plane right before the decision was made . 
  if you were a lawyer you 'd know what circumstantial evidence is . 
  as in , accusing someone of conspiracy means you have to show they communicated or met , but any communication or meeting is n't proof of conspiracy, 
  he literally said in the debate she 'd be in jail and he has no replacement for the aca . 
  people have `` looked into '' whether clinton has broken the law for years , no one has found anything worthy of a trial yet . 
  appointing a special prosecutor at this point just means appointing someone who will take it to trial anyway, 
  i agree , thats why its not funny . 
  you 're trying to be cute i know but i 'm very serious , repealing our national heathcare law will do just that . 
  on the bright side maybe i can come back in a year or two if nato has ceased to function and laugh as your weak little broke country gets buttfucked by turkey, 
  tens of millions of americans are about to lose their healthcare , many of whom will not get care because of their pre-existing conditions . 
  its not really that funny , people are going to die because of this election , a lot of people . 
  hell we just elected a guy who promised to jail his political opponents, 
  ok eu and nato , i know you probably wanted more time but now you 've got to stand on your own, 
   nato is just building up a pile of liabilities . 
  that is all it has done for decades , imagine the liabilities we 'd be facing if all of eastern europe instead of just eastern ukraine was full of little green men, 
  yeah but belgium was in the way of a good route . 
  are sweden or finland occupying a prime invasion route ? 
   course . 
  here 's one from america this video has been legendary , people still talk about it in the military ten years later . 
  its up to the individual state , nato has no role in it, 
  criticizing stalin gets dangerously close to criticizing strong men politics, 
  no but its always pertinent to a conflict we may enter or are already in . 
  militaries train for what they expect to have to do in the future , mongolia does n't train its soldiers to do amphibious landings . 
  estonia does n't train its military without thinking about russia . 
  looks like mostly a bunch of garbage, 
  have you ever been in a turkish prison ? 
  mythology ? 
  i thought the game took place in present day poland, 
  ca n't use it as an offensive hub if you ca n't get supplies to it, 
  if the us goes to war with russia we are not going to be fighting in crimea outside of bombing key facilities and fighting over the air space around it . 
  russia is turning it into a fortress that will be extremely costly to take in a fight . 
  so we 'd just cut it off and let hunger do our fighting for us . 
  russia is building up these bases to look strong for its domestic audience not because it plans on actually fighting there . 
  the crimean peninsula is a logistical nightmare especially because they dont control the overland route, 
  perhaps he 'd accept some deutschmarks ? 
  why do n't we dam the baltic sea in denmark ?
