  what about freedom of religion , blah blah blah all that stuff ? 
  why do n't you just let people wear it if they want to wear it , let fashion firms market it if they want to market it ? 
  why is this something one should take personally ? 
   irish famine , the nanking massacre . 
  those are n't even genocides , and the holodomor is up for debate as for the armenia genocide , your government does n't recognize it as being a genocide . 
   this is really quite insane . 
  most of the nations in europe are defined primarily by ethnicity and language . 
  europe needs to let go of that old world attitude , we 've got a better way across the pond https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism, 
  i think it was just as interesting how he was radicalized in the first place . 
  so many people wondering why many of these people do n't want to integrate into a society that thinks their scum, 
  whose fault is it going to be when there 's a backlash ? 
  hey maybe france should realize its not going to destroy a tradition over a thousand years old with school lunches , so why fight the fight ? 
  this just seems stupid , pointless , and petty . 
  what exactly are they trying to accomplish ? 
  regardless about how you feel about islam , integration , assimilation , whatever there 's no way you can possibly think that trying to legally force people to break from their religion is going to turn out well . 
  let me guess this opinion does n't go both ways right ? 
  you 're fine and dandy suggesting someone else change how they raise their kid , but no one should tell you how to raise yours . 
  hey nice work , i wonder how many other countries that plays true for as well . 
   remittance is far less than what an individual would produce by staying in his country . 
  perhaps you have some data about average income of immigrates working in europe or a specific country we can compare to the average wages in their home country ? 
  i 'd honestly be very interested in seeing it . 
  actually it does in the form of remittances https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/remittance immigrates can often make more money for their country , thus encouraging consumption , and development than they would if they stayed behind . 
  it does n't matter if you 're a genius , you 're not going to make more than your neighbor growing the same crops he is or working in the same office building . 
  a lot of the same countries that are the biggest aid recipients are also the biggest recipient of remittances https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign_aid_received, 
   we expect , therefore , a process to continue in the next decade in which russia returns in various ways to the old frontiers of the soviet union ... 
  these borders were rational and , after decades of integration , very difficult to completely abolish even when the union no longer existed lolwut, 
  i 'm sure europe will be johnny on the spot with some real consequences for russia this time !, 
  yes thats true but there 's a few problems with that in regards to russia . 
  firstly their exports are mostly commodities which do n't see their prices move as much as manufactured goods when currency value drops . 
  thats why this article is talking about trying to rely more on manufacturing . 
  and secondly as this article also mentions their manufacturing is shit , and a whole exporting industry is n't something you just build over night . 
  `` more competitive rouble '', 
  compared to the rest of the world it does , wait are you being sarcastic ? 
  i never said i `` know better , '' also who are `` these people '' who i do n't understand the situation better than ? 
  this post is so without context i do n't know how to reply, 
  europeans are rich compared to most of these migrants, 
  what ? 
  there 's no denying they are much poorer than you or me or most europeans , and that europeans are in many ways born into a lot of wealth via the benefits of the state . 
  i do n't think its all that unreasonable to consider how much wealthier you are to someone before you call them entitled for wanting a piece of what you have . 
  that does n't mean i think europe should take the whole world into its borders or any other ridiculous things which have been assumed about me , just that i think calling asylum seekers many of whom are war refugees entitled is a bit out of touch . 
  that 's especially considering the long history of refugees in europe and i do n't recall them being considered entitled when they fled whatever country was experiencing a crisis . 
  also in the article the asylum seekers complaint is that because they have to wait to be registered before they receive benefits they have no way of supporting themselves for the weeks that registration may take . 
  obviously the article is short on information but its not inconceivable considering germany 's labor laws and a possible language barrier that they may have a valid complaint about not being able to support themselves for that time period . 
  who knows , but smuggly dismissing them as `` entitled '' is just silly . 
  look at my post history , i 'm definitely not a karma whore , there 's lots of stuff i post in / r/europe that gets lots of downvotes because its an unpopular opinion . 
  im very pro-uk on the whole , but their recent dismissal of human rights is something i think deserves at least some criticism, 
  then you can never trust any poll that has ever been made , which challenges your preconceptions you mean . 
  `` people lie '' what a great get out of jail free card whenever you 're confronted with data you do n't like . 
  he 's saying the entire migrant crisis is a vast conspiracy to place hundreds of thousands of enemy soldier across europe . 
  thats rational in your opinion ? 
  its ok his government no longer considers human rights a top priority . 
  the rich telling the poor they are entitled has got to be one of the most mind boggling things i 've seen in my life, 
  but what about the us but what about the us but what about the us but what does that have to do with this topic ? 
  you asked why i was agitated , i explained it and even provided a source . 
  do n't get petty , and if you do come up with a better insult than saying i have an `` absence of intellect . '', 
  that sounds like some neckbeardy / r/iamverysmart shit, 
  why am i agitated ? 
  because it will stand in the way of trade deals , it wastes resources , it promotes bad science ( some of which spills back over here ) , and stupidity is always agitating . 
  also some african countries have listened to europe 's `` health concerns '' regarding gmos and have followed their lead in banning or heavily regulating them even as they face their own food shortages . 
  something thats only now starting to change http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/06/eu-africa-gmo-idusl5n0eg3k520130606 so yeah there 's a lot to be agitated about, 
  are you naturally this stupid or was it a choice you just made some time in life ? 
  it does n't take a genius to see if europe continues its trend of refusing to acknowledge the benefits of gmos they will be left behind by those who are n't afraid of the boogeyman in their broccoli . 
  but i guess that 60 billion in farm subsidies , which will only grow as gmos increase world yields and europe is stuck growing outdated , is just `` hurr durr irrelevant . '', 
  here 's some more irrelevant material on the gmo revolution http://www.nationalgeographic.com/foodfeatures/green-revolution/ http://www.economist.com/node/10727808 but whatever hurr durr europe will continue to ban scientific progress and pay out the ass for it, 
  literal whataboutism, 
   i will predict something random https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetically_modified_crops#/media/file:gmo_acreage_world_2009.png the y axis in that graph is millions of hectares and here you can read about the benefits of gmo crops http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21591176-greens-say-climate-change-deniers-are-unscientific-and-dangerous-so-are-greens-who-oppose-gm http://www.economist.com/news/science-and-technology/21630961-biggest-study-so-far-finds-gm-crops-have-large-widespread-benefits-field but no i 'm just talking out my ass , gmos will never amount to anything . 
  who could see the need for a 14 % increase in yields in developing countries , maybe those people should just starve or continue to be malnourished at least it would be `` natural '' right ? 
  gmos are coming , you better get with the times, 
  article 5 is n't even that strong of a measure , it only requires a `` response '' if invoked , which does n't even have to be military in nature . 
  looking at afghanistan which is the only time its been invoked each nato country has decided on its own accord how many troops to send , how long to keep them there , and what they do once in country . 
  the us was bugging europe for years to make a bigger commitment but we never said europe was n't living up to its article 5 obligations . 
  im pretty sure cesium 137 is the only isotope that could potentially be used for a dirty bomb though, 
  for anyone curious cesium-137 is apparently the primary source of radiation around chernobyl , so it `` lingers '' for a while . 
  but its also treatable https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caesium-137 interesting, 
  do n't tempt us https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_a119, 
  brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt ... ... ... . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1otyo17sqi, 
  its probably going to be stuff like gmos that stand in the way of deals like this . 
  europeans think they are too good for certain kinds of food , they 'd rather waste resources on outdated crops while paying out the nose in farm subsidies . 
  in the next 10-20 years there could be a gmo revolution that will make food created from gmo far far cheaper than the current `` natural '' stuff , which by the way is n't `` natural '' at all . 
  if that turns out to be the case europe would have to pay even more farm subsidies , let those farms go out of business , or allow gmos to be domestically produced . 
  and there 's probably some other shit the us produces that will take a big hit if more imports of that product come in from europe . 
  when i see stuff like this i wonder where all the cultural crusaders are , they are worried about migrants bringing foreign culture but `` oktoberfest '' is n't foreign enough to count i guess . 
  something that could be produced in the usa and imported to eu cheaper than it could be produced in the eu . 
  that 's the rub . 
  it cuts both ways though, 
  sweden is practically a de facto member of nato anyway , i think it partakes in more nato operations than some actual nato members do . 
  plus its integrated militarily with nato members like denmark , norway , and the baltics through organizations like the nordic battlegroup . 
  an example irrelevant to the topic and clearly an attempt to draw attention away from that topic . 
  but no i do n't deny that america uses the same tactic . 
  also i didnt downvote you, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism http://www.economist.com/node/10598774, 
   they 're the ones who earned it . 
  not the rest of society . 
   a russian air force jet has been shot down by turkish forces after it strayed into the country 's airspace , ** according to unconfirmed reports . 
  ** lets hold up for something other than social media reports , also i thought russian was n't flying mig-29s in syria, 
  i did n't say he was n't backing the assad government , i said that russian rhetoric considers all anti-assad forces to be part of isis . 
  that means when russia bombs literally anyone in syria they claim its isis , even if in reality their targets typically are n't isis at all . 
  also nice whataboutism , well done comrade, 
  i think it should be up to whatever organization runs that church what they do it with . 
  also do n't you know that islam and christianity have the same god ?
