   we have a culture of assimilation unlike , let 's say , uk . 
  sure you do , sure . 
  google french national identity and integration for a nice study on how french residents and citizens self-identify . 
  a lot of french citizens do n't feel french at all, 
  or maybe its not ? 
  you have no idea how conservative this woman is because she wore a headscarf just like you have no idea how conservative a person who wears a cross or kippah, 
   do you think the headscarf is secular in nature ? 
   you 're a twat for not realizing shes wearing it because her religion tells her to . 
  of course i know that . 
   i do n't understand how you can make an argument this stupid ? 
  just because someone wears a piece of clothing associated with a religion doesnt mean they are making a political statement and its no reason for someone else to make it a political issue . 
   are you 12 or just retarded ? 
  damn i wish . 
  have you ever been around a retarded person ? 
  especially a retarded child ? 
  no one is happier than a retard , they find beauty and wonder in literally everything and often do n't even know evil exists in the world . 
  i wish i was retarded , i 'd go to disneyland and have happiness live i 've never felt . 
   her headscarf is too politically charged . 
  if its politically charged its because twats want to make clothing like this into a political issue, 
  what like in the world ? 
  quite a bit . 
  how many of those have to do with immigration ? 
   i don \u00b4 t know how even erdogan supporters can be that dumb and don \u00b4 t understand the implication of these changes when done . 
  never underestimate how stupid people can be , including yourself, 
  `` turkey should be taken seriously '' what a tremendous prediction but lets wait and see if in the next 7-8 years russia and china break apart into warring states  in the early 2020s , the new cold war will end when the economic strain and political pressure on russia , coupled with russia 's declining population , and poor infrastructure , cause the federal government of russia to completely collapse , much like the dissolution of the soviet union . 
  other former soviet union countries will fragment as well . 
   around this time , mainland china ( prc ) will politically and culturally fragment as well . 
  the book asserts that the rapid economic development of china since 1980 will cause internal pressures and inequalities in chinese society . 
  regional tension in the prc will grow between the prosperous coastal regions and the impoverished interior regions . 
  friedman gives two possible scenarios : that the government will expel outside interests and rule with an iron fist to keep the country from fragmenting , or that china will fragment , with the central government gradually losing much of its real power and the provinces becoming increasingly autonomous . 
  he works on the assumption that fragmentation is the most likely scenario . 
  giving any coup plotter the death penalty would outright violent the turkish constitution which prohibits any ex-post facto law in article 38  article 38 - no one shall be punished for any act which does not constitute a criminal offence under the law in force at the time committed ; ** no one shall be given a heavier penalty for an offence other than the penalty applicable at the time when the offence was committed . 
  ** lets see if that matters, 
   it 's possible they enhanced like on csi miami, 
   they are so heroes , that they start shooting at protestors from helicopters like cowards : https://twitter.com/intlspectator/status/754087605864534016 whyd you link a video that clearly shows fire going in both directions then ? 
  so why 'd they publish it without evidence the first time ? 
  as if we need to ask, 
   a high ranked military officer blowing his brains out , be it out of a failure at work or any other good reason , is a normal occurrence in the former soviet states . 
  like seppuku except with a half bottle of vodka and a bullet, 
  it should have a timer for how long its taking, 
  you know without the genocide thing, 
  apparently a secret naval base because no one can view this video in their country, 
   mil mi 24 is the sexiest in the world thats without question . 
  it looks like a flying tumor with all those lumps and budges on it , probably handles like one too, 
  5 hours too late to make this joke, 
  at least someone here has a sense of humor, 
   saved europe again . . no need to thank us . 
  someone talking about saving europe and no one invited the americans ? 
   i 'd rather our people lay off the clannish bullshit entirely come over and join us , one of us one of us, 
   they 're not ` migrants from poland ' ; they 're americans who happen to come from poland . 
  god damn right , civic nationalism is so lovely, 
  awesome, 
  trump has proved the elections arent rigged, 
  you maintain a position of reserved and calm strength , the weaker power may make grand gestures or statements but as long as its run by reasonable people who can understand the balance of power they wo n't do anything, 
  russia lost nothing . 
  the soviet union was little more than a renamed russian empire , it was controlled and dominated from moscow and was by no means an organization of equal member states . 
  too late assholes, 
  get ready to see this title every week or so, 
   i 'm not arguing that this is a similar situation . 
  then why bring it up ? 
  it involves someone saying something in a building , sometimes someone needs to say `` hey maybe this aint worth creating new divisions among ourselves over . '', 
  thats the big problem with so many european issues `` it involves history and culture '' which are considered more important than issues of the present . 
  whatever . 
  do n't get upset about this , its not that important, 
   that he , if he could , would pivot towards the islamic world . 
  really ? 
  what would he get out of that ? 
  most of the islamic world hates turkey and its nowhere near powerful enough to act as a leader of some kind of bloc of countries . 
  #usa its american independence day , which i 'm pretty sure by tradition means we own europe for the day after saving you guys so many times over the last hundreds years . 
  yes its good to be the king, 
   that obviously do not belong to you and want to have nothing to do with you . 
   restore itself come on you 're contradicting yourself , did those lands have ` nothing to with you ' or were they attempting to restore what was once theres ? 
  also the soviet union attacked poland in 1919 , not the other way around . 
  so really it was the su that saw poland as weak and exhausted and saw a chance to restore the territory it once controlled only two years prior . 
  you ca n't even get the basic facts right . 
  i think the context is different for all these scenarios , namely that finland and france are independent countries today . 
  when the soviet union invade poland had been independent for a matter of months , there was no agreement for the border between the two . 
   it 's just that most european people have no idea of how poland acquired these territories in the first place . 
  poland regained its independence following ww1 and fought a series of border wars with its neighbors sometimes as the aggressor and other times as the defender . 
  in fact much of eastern europe was engaged in border wars following the dissolution of the russian and german empires since the various peoples there , now independent , were often very nationalistic and eager to regain ` lost lands . ', 
  the great powers of the world also had little desire or resources to lean on them to find peaceful settlements . 
  in 1919 the soviet union attacked poland over its disputed eastern border though some claim it was an attempt to conquer all of poland and restore it to rule from moscow . 
  regardless both sides had territorial claims on the other that extended deep into their de facto territories . 
  after some back and forth fighting a peace treaty was signed in 1921 which established the border at roughly where it was between russia and poland prior to the third partition in 1795 , which was also the last time poland existed as an independent state . 
  do most people think that as well ? 
   so i guess the uprisings in the warsaw pact states , yugoslav wars , the wars in chechnya , georgian civil war , wars in abkhazia and south ossetia , the war in transnistria , and the war in donbass just never happened ... 
  comparatively minor considered what came before, 
  turkey could do a lot of damage to isis if they invaded their holdings in syria and iraq , perhaps even outright destroy them at least in terms of capturing the territory they occupy . 
  however i do n't think iraq nor syria is prepared to assume control of these areas nor do i think turkey would simply hand over whats its captured without wanting things in return which iraq and syria will be loath to do . 
  it would also further strain relations with russia who backs assad and who turkey hates and it could even spark an increase in violence with the kurds if turkey decides to take care of some of that business `` as long as its there . '', 
  plus there 's the cost of the operation itself in terms of money , lives , humanitarian aid ( since as the occupying power turkey would be responsible for that ) . 
  its all just a hunch but i 'd bet turkey will opt for other measures like increasing border security . 
  also has it be demonstrated the attackers came from iraq/syria ? 
  i know they came from uzbekistan , russia and kyrgyzstan but did they enter turkey from the syria/iraq border or somewhere else ? 
   should be quiet enough in london when that happens o o. i pretty sure by the time article 50 is finally invoked britain , or at least england , will have become a mad max apocalypse with everyone engaging in running battles for the last supplies bits of tea and biscuits, 
   what is he trying to achieve by mocking the parlament ? 
  he 's a guy who gets support by pretending to be so much better than everyone else while doing nothing to prove it, 
  oh i know that . 
  i meant even for the leavers its not going to work in their favor policy-wise, 
   i think it would be worth the massive recession why would unification cause a recession ?
