  there 's a lot of benefits to being a superpower , one of which is maintaining the security and economic system that has allowed europe to become so wealthy . 
  but seriously working is part of integration , why would n't you want them to work ? 
  he 's right . 
  i hope that was exciting enough for you, 
  if they really wanted to be european they 'd be beating each other over a soccer match instead, 
  power projection is military strength . 
  just because you expended a bunch of military power in wars does n't mean those expenditures do n't count . 
  would you call germany in 1946 a major power ? 
  but it had the excuse of being heavily engaged since 1939 thats not fair !, 
  right ? 
  in the next couple years when those carriers are launched i may agree with you , but for right now , today , in the present , france is stronger . 
  the uk doesnt even have an aircraft carrier , and in recent times france has shown far more capability to project power than the uk has . 
  im looking at libya and other northern african operations, 
  capability , primarily the capability to project force . 
  also my response was in a comment tree about uk-france specifically . 
  / u/king _ olaf was responding to a question about uk-france , i assumed he was still on topic when he said `` weak continental europeans . '', 
   defence to militarily weak continental europeans . 
  france has a stronger military than the uk , even a stronger navy . 
  britannia rules the waves ? 
  not right now edit : lots of downvotes for a simple fact , guess it hurts the british pride . 
  all the lads raised on empire and its gone ... gone ... gone ... 
  sure they were , what other reason is there to persecute homosexuals than religion ? 
  edit : no i 'm not talking about the nazis but way before that, 
  it took a lot less time for the germans to learn acceptance ... 
  no its not strange at all , whats strange is that people expect folks who 've never been to the west to fit in right away . 
  they are shocked there are differences in cultural , values , etc. 
  they want to accept only those who already fit the mold of a european in their eyes which is conveniently almost no one . 
  why do n't you go and fight as well then , your country has interests there ? 
  most crops/livestock are genetically modified through selective breeding . 
  do you think if you walk out into the wilderness you 'll see wild corn growing in giant stalks ? 
   which means they 're finally being treated like equals i think you mean treated like equals in regards to whats taken from them , not whats given to them . 
   they should be staying and fighting for their country . 
  its so easy to tell other people to go fight and die is n't it . 
  it was n't too long ago that harassment of gay individuals was common and accepted in the west . 
  point is we 're changing , other people can change too and lets try not to forget we 've only recently gotten away from our darker side . 
  i said `` work to '' not `` demand '' you 're making it sound harsher than it is , like the us is going to issue an ultimatum or something . 
  i see it like this , if you commit a crime against an american company you should n't be surprised that company and the us government would seek to try you in a us court . 
  if we go back to our french and spanish nationals example , yes that frenchman committed a crime where the spanish national was his victim . 
  but the company who 's servers he broke into to steal that information is also a victim of a crime . 
  lets use another example , would you consider it extreme if say britain wanted to prosecute a chinese national who broke into a secure government database to steal data on a russian citizen ? 
  obviously the law would apply to more than french citizens plus if that person ever came to the us he could be arrested . 
  its just an example . 
  i was just talking about a trend i 've noticed on / r/europe . 
  it seems most people here do n't approve of what russia does in regard to anything , with the single exception being when it confronts the us in some way . 
  i 've noticed a lot of giddiness regarding russia 's role in the middle east . 
  people like seeing someone challenge the us , its natural to enjoy seeing the big guy shown a little humility i got it . 
  but do n't make the mistake of thinking russian involvement is going to solve any of the problems there , including the ones that make people want to migrant to europe . 
  for example russia is dropping a couple dozen bombs in syria , maybe iraq now too . 
  so what ? 
  the us and europe have dropped thousands of bombs , we 've sent hundreds of thousands of soldiers , spent hundreds of billions of dollars . 
  that did n't solve these problems , so do n't think a couple russian bombs is going to change much . 
  russia is there to look after its own interests , not europe 's . 
  the term is fluid , there 's no official designation . 
  but if it upsets you that much then i 'll say `` you 'd think former warsaw pact countries would n't throw the term `` puppet state '' around loosely . '', 
  better ? 
  you 'd think east europeans would n't throw the term `` puppet state '' around loosely . 
  there 's a difference between not liking the weather and being displaced by a disaster, 
  well kadyrov himself is n't actually using it, 
  sorry i 'm tired its late here , ok but still 4x6 is n't not bad its a small sign . 
   but the amended law would make it a crime punishable by us prison time not merely to clone the credit card or steal the netflix password of an american citizen , but to take unauthorized information from any american company , no matter where it happens yes if you commit a cyber crime overseas against an american citizen or company we will prosecute you if you enter the us , or we will work to extradite you from whatever country you 're currently in . 
  the article goes onto to say that under this change a french national who hacks the mastercard account of a spanish national could face prison time . 
  why ? 
  because that person hacked mastercard , an american company . 
  i do n't think its extreme, 
   those receiving more than $ 50,000 ( # 38,825 ) of eu funding must put up a plaque of at least one square foot , while those getting $ 10,000 ( # 7,765 ) must display an a3 poster . 
  farmers will be expected to foot the bill for the signs themselves . 
  thats a poster measuring 297mm 420mm . 
  am i missing something or is this the most overblown and dishonest news article i 've ever read ? 
  there 's nothing about billboards at all . 
  do `` billboards '' have a different meaning in the uk than they do in the us ? 
  in the us they mean those massive signs on the side of highways used for advertisements . 
  also i fail to see how a tiny sign is going to destroy `` england 's green and pleasant lands . '', 
  you can argue that its petty , but i ca n't see how is that big of a deal . 
  sure its not true at all , but whats important is if people believe it . 
  if you believe your nation or whatever is inherently better , stronger and you have a historical grudge against someone or another grievance , well that could lead to war or something else unwanted . 
  oh look its the whataboutism coming around . 
  yes its similar to that mentality in the us , and in many ways just as dangerous, 
  i do n't think thats what putin calls it, 
  technically russia does n't consider itself part of europe , at least not part of the european civilization/culture . 
  it considers itself a separate , unique , and individual `` state-civilization '' which is under attack from europe and the west . 
  at least according to putin anyway . 
  edit : see here http://www.wsj.com/articles/why-putin-says-russia-is-exceptional-1401473667, 
  i 'm sure europe will do something, 
  i doubt spain will ever concede to letting kosovo become a full member, 
  right but it doesnt change the fact that the french had a settlement there first , which contradicts what you said , which is what i was talking about . 
  actually if you want to talk about who settled the islands first that would be the french . 
  when i said britain acquired the islands from spain i was referring to the 1770 falkland island crisis where spain was in de facto control of the islands and had a settlement there . 
  a treaty was signed to resolve the crisis where spain ceded its claim to britain the problem with the falkland islands disputes , i 'm referring to all the disputes throughout history , is that every power which occupies the islands quickly abandons them and leaves a plaque behind to continue their claim . 
  the problem is no one respects anyone else 's plaques but they all expect everyone else to respect theirs . 
  i think spain , britain , and argentina have all settled the island , abandoned it , and left a plaque . 
  do n't read too much into it , he 's saying a `` united eu '' which does n't mean a federal eu just an eu that can agree more or less on what it should be without the constant `` exit crisis . '', 
  crisis is bad for business , and china wants to do business in europe . 
  `` there are no invalids in the ussr '', 
  so what percentage of survey 's were turned in with no boxes checked ? 
  that data is n't represented in the chart, 
  there was no category for none of the above though in your translation . 
  the problem there is that if someone did n't have a problem with any of the kinds of people listed their only option would be to not partake in the survey which means the data is missing some key information . 
  the problem is that it means refugees are not allowed to work or go to school , they ca n't advance their lives or their children 's lives in any way . 
  so what do many of them do ? 
  head to europe .
