  want to leave the euro ? 
  make cuts because printing that much drachma will make the currency worthless . 
  either way cuts are coming . 
  greece needs to accept the fact that its economy can not support the amount of spending the greek government and people wish to have . 
  and its not about justice or right/wrong its about simple math , you do n't have enough money to buy everything you want . 
  so if greece gets the bailout but does n't do what it promised for it , the loaner countries will get paid back right ? 
  holland is so much more pleasant sounding than `` the netherlands '', 
  was it borrowing far more than could be reasonably paid back and hiding the true state of government finances ? 
  the biggest threat to the euro project is the inability of its members to make a decision and execute a plan . 
  greece either needs to suck it up and accept a bailout with reforms or leave the eurozone . 
  both are hard choices , but whats worse for everyone involved is to do neither and simply keep dragging this process out . 
  the sooner they accept a hard choice the sooner they can get through it . 
  i 'm amazed how people still act as if a greek exit will doom the euro . 
  this has been going on for 7 years now , greece got its first bailout 5 years ago . 
  and every time the next `` game changer '' comes along whether its a bailout , a debt haircut , a new greek government , a default , a referendum , its been responded to with a collective `` meh '' by the market . 
  yeah there will be a little shake up if greece leaves , some markets will close at a loss , some business will suffer , but its not going to be earth shattering . 
  lots of people are thinking if greece leaves it signals a failure in the euro project which will ultimately confidence in destroy it . 
  it will certainly be a local failure but by no means a total one . 
  personally i 'd be much more confident in the eurozone without greece dragging it down . 
  now i can invest confident that standards will be enforced and my investments wo n't get bogged down when/if another country runs out of borrowing room . 
  i sure hope greece does n't try to do this , they need to start making hard choices and stop coming up with excuses why they are owed more money for free, 
  greeks are still out of touch with reality, 
  [ have you heard the good news about the sandero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylxcu7e8if0 ), 
  is n't voting for more money what got them in this mess in the first place ? 
  `` success '', 
  fun fact : estonia has no tanks and really no armored units whatsoever except for a few armored troop transporters . 
  they do have a massive arsenal of anti-tank weapons though . 
  the other baltics are mostly the same way . 
  who ? 
  thats correct , its unfair , it sucks but its what must be done . 
  what are you going to do instead ? 
  take money only from the decision makers who got greece into this mess , of course not counting the decision the greek people made in electing these governments ? 
  those guys do n't have a fraction of the money needed in their personal accounts . 
  maybe you 'd rather just write the debt off completely ? 
  of course then god knows what will happen once every eu country realizes you can get off without paying back the obscene amounts of money they 've borrowed . 
  yes that will be healthy for the euro . 
  perhaps greece should invest more in things that generate economic activity rather than more pension funds and state run enterprises . 
  but yes someone will suffer , people will suffer , welcome to earth . 
  do you think it was fair what happened to so many people during the great depression ? 
  or that it was fair when the citizens of germany saw their currency turn worthless after ww1 ? 
  sometimes shit happens to people unfairly , and instead of bitching about how unfair it is they 've got to deal with the problem and create a solution . 
  so yeah if i 'm a 20-something greek i 'd be pretty pissed , i did n't vote for those governments , i did n't take out that debt , but i 'm suffering for it . 
  now i could either complain that i still deserve my handouts because its `` fair '' and i did n't make the problem , or i could work to actually fix the situation, 
  again , just because someone offers you a loan does n't mean you have to take it and i 'd expect a sovereign nation to be smart enough to not take bad loans and not to make bad investments . 
  also this article is form 2010 waaaaaay after greece 's troubles began , also notice in the headline where it says goldman sachs `` helped '' greece . 
  greece was not some victim taken advantage of by predatory lenders , it was willing partner, 
  look when a payday loan place takes advantage of someone who 's say not well education and has been stuck in poverty most of their life i can blame the payday loan place . 
  when a sovereign nation with supposedly the smartest and most highly trained professionals running the government does this kind of crap , i have no sympathy . 
  im not saying we shouldnt take care of people who develop heath issues , i 'm saying we should n't take care of them by keeping them in the army and taking up a slot someone else could take . 
  personally i think they ought to cut the retirement benefits by a great deal , maybe not even have them kick in at all till you 're 65 . 
  they should also pay soldiers better as well , it will attract higher quality people and reduce the number of folks sticking around for no other reason than to retire after 20 years . 
  a big problem with the us army is the way it handles its personnel . 
  the cost of benefits are skyrocketing and the service of most professional soldiers is often not done so much out of pride or patriotism but out of a desire/need for those benefits . 
  a lot of it comes from the desire to not remove soldiers who are largely unable to fully serve due to medical conditions , family needs , etc. 
  the army does not want to be seen kicking people out if they say develop substance abuse problems or undergo a divorce that leaves them with little option for childcare because many of these things are directly related to the stress of service . 
  then of course you have the `` 20 or nothing '' retirement where a soldier has to serve 20 years to be eligible for a life-time pension of 50 % of his pay . 
  if he leaves before that he gets no pension . 
  50 % for life is an insanely large amount of money especially for someone in their 40s . 
  it can be 50-60k a year in pension starting at age 42-43 for life . 
  another way to look at it is the army would pay a junior enlisted soldier on his fourth year roughly 28-29k a year , so basically a retired senior officer consumes the salary of 2 junior soldiers who are still serving . 
  the army , the whole us military , needs to find a way to address these costs namely by drastically reducing them or its going to find itself with no budget left for actual soldiers . 
  in another decade or so with this current trend its going to be cutting another 40-50k soldiers from the active duty service . 
  so what does this mean for europe ? 
  it would mean a big scale down in american presence in europe and american participation in military operations . 
  things like the balkans or the intervention in libya and of course the resurgent russian state, 
  never going to happen , in the simplest terms germany 's relationship to the us is far more important than greece 's, 
  greece is a 100 % at fault , just because they were offered very cheap credit does n't mean they had to take it . 
  if they want to blow themselves up ( again ) let them . 
  the euro will take a hit but a far smaller one than it would if everyone starts getting the idea you can get away with greece 's maneuver . 
  assume that we completely forgive greece 's debt , does anyone here really believe that its just not going to happen all over again ? 
  and what about the rest of the eu , why does greece get this special treatment ? 
  what about spain ? 
  or ireland ? 
  or italy or portugal ? 
  what about other country 's debts ? 
  when does it stop ? 
  putting aside questions of right or wrong there 's no denying that if greece 's debt is just flat out forgiven that it will only cause an even bigger eu crisis when italy or spain or somebody elects another left-wing anti-austerity party . 
  look guys there 's not just some magical bag of euros in berlin that merkel can dip her hand into any someone needs a few tossed their way, 
  you 're assuming that the eu would let them take that action . 
  they are n't stupid if greece starts issuing `` ious '' which are a currency in every function and characteristic except name , greece will be rightly called out on it . 
  i suspect if greece does issue ious they will be severely limited in their use to avoid any question about whether they are a currency or not . 
  i 'd suspect they 'd make them non transferable , so if you 're issued an iou you 're only legally allowed to exchange it back to the government for actual money . 
  confidence . 
  with the euro of course you know its a euro that will hold its value fairly well , with a drachma well you know its going to have a fairly low purchasing power but you know what it is . 
  with an `` iou '' you do n't know when its going to be paid , you do n't know if its really money or not money for example if you 're a government worker who 's paid with an `` iou '' can you buy groceries with your `` iou ? '', 
  is it just a piece of paper you can only exchange with your government for your unpaid wages when and if they have the money , and when they do have it will you be paid in drachma or euros ? 
  another problem with the `` iou '' is that for them to fill the gap of the euro the have to be a currency for all practical purposes , ie a thing that holds value that can be traded universally for goods and services . 
  but if you 're going to print `` iou '' currency why not just print drachma ? 
  so it all comes down to the question of what the iou is and is n't , what can holders of ious do with them and what ca n't they do with them ? 
  heck you 'd probably see some kind of black market as well , where people could sell their ious for largely less than what they are nominally worth just so they could have the confidence of holding real euros . 
  sure , you promise to spend it more responsibility this time right ? 
  you said something so valuable ca n't be allowed to work outside the state apparatus , which i thought pretty clearly meant that a banking would not be allowed to work outside the state . 
  so if i were say to want to apply for a home mortgage , i 'd have to apply to my government ? 
  or if i say wanted to seek venture capital for a business i 'd like to start , i 'd have to go to my government for the money ? 
  you want the entire banking and financial structure controlled by the government and have those services only legally available through the government ? 
  greeks said they did n't want a bailout so do n't give them one , let them stand in line at the atm until there 's literally no money . 
  the european union may be a union of democracies but that does n't mean one country can vote for another 's money . 
  as it said `` by 2009 the smaller eurozone economies -- greece , portugal , ireland , spain -- were all burdened with massive debts because their borrowing failed to make them more competitive . '', 
  well ladi fricken da, 
  how do you picture an economic system without banking being an integral part ?
