  navy ships ? 
  that 's a pretty big undertaking, 
  i did n't say that they needed to breed at third world levels , but the simple fact is that if you do n't breed enough your people/ethnicity/whatever wo n't continue to exist . 
  and thats not even to mention the fact that the older a population gets the more labor is needed to maintain them . 
  take a look at hungary 's own projections on the issue https://www.ksh.hu/interactive_agepyramids by 2060 , if the trend continues , over half the population will be over the age of 50 . 
  there 's only two ways to reverse that trend , either start having more children or start importing labor from other countries . 
  if you import labor from other countries your `` cultural and ethnic composition '' will be lost . 
  that 's reality , you have to deal with it, 
  well its certainly cleaner than many of the ones in turkey or jordan , but its hardly something i 'd be content sitting in . 
  all while waiting for the syrian civil war to end , whos know when that will happen . 
  and even when it does it i 'd be going back to what exactly ? 
  a devastated country ? 
  take a look at this : http://l.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/vgitor3_llnnuuqlv2kenq--/yxbwawq9ew5ld3nfbgvnbztmat1mawxso2g9mzc3o2lspxbsyw5lo3b4b2zmptuwo3b5b2zmpta7ct03ntt3pty3ma--/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/news/afp.com/part-dv-dv2072282-1-1-1.jpg if i was there , waiting , and a country like germany said i was welcome to come there . 
  why would n't i jump that fence and try to make my way ? 
  would it be illegal ? 
  yes . 
  but when the choice is following the law while me and my children stagnant in a camp waiting to go back to a destroyed country , or trying to get to germany where there 's real chance for my family to live well and live freely . 
  well the choice is pretty obvious . 
  and if hungarians do n't get their birth numbers up there 's going to be fewer and fewer people left to keep the non-hungarians out . 
  or they dont want to live in a nasty refugee camp for years without any chance for opportunity for them or their children, 
  well if you have less hungarians living in hungary the ethnic composition of hungary is going to change . 
  there 's already one million or so fewer hungarians than there were 35 years ago when the population last peaked . 
  nothing wrong with wanting people to have more children , but right or wrong if people do n't have children they 'll find themselves replaced by those who do . 
  if hungary cares so much about its ethnic composition , why are n't they making more hungarians ? 
  hahaha look at all these homeless people and the misery they are suffering !, 
  surely europe , netherlands included , has more options than either war or nothing . 
  also america ca n't do whatever it wants either , it may seem that way but there are plenty of limits on our power as well . 
  remember that time in 1995 when the dutch just complained about it and did n't take action ? 
  luckily the dutch were n't in charge, 
  this coming from the guy who refused for so long to led any of those folks with the wrong ethnicity leave, 
  `` puppet state '' christ your government could do what it likes , leave nato , leave the eu , cut off relations to the us and russia , deny military access to everyone . 
  yes it would be very damaging to your country diplomatically and economically , but shit are you upset you do n't live in a fantasy world without consequence ? 
  welcome to reality , no country gets total freedom to do whatever it wants whenever it wants . 
  every country has to make trade offs , negotiate , makes friends and allies whether they are strong or weak . 
  i 'm so sick of hearing the moaning from so many / r/europe members about how their countries are merely `` puppets '' of the us . 
  especially from former eastern bloc countries who you think would n't throw around the term `` puppet '' so loosely but i guess history is quickly forgotten for some . 
  rosebud is citizen kane 's sled, 
  no i mean back in 2011 when a bunch of people started protesting against his rule he decided killing a few thousand of them would be the proper move . 
  it did n't work , and they took up arms to fight back . 
  ever since he 's been unable effectively govern most of syria . 
  the free syria army did n't start out with us or saudi backing , the civil war was not a result of us meddling in the country its something that happened naturally . 
  but that force has never been truly unified and of course now isis is on the scene making a lot of gains . 
  you could argue that if it had not been for us-saudi backing starting in 2012-2013 that assad would have won by now but that would a big assumption . 
  norway could have easily refused to go to iraq , greece did n't go , france did n't go germany did n't go , belgium did n't go . 
  nobody forced norway to go to afghanistan either , of course you were signatories of the nato treaty but it does not require states to send military forces to combat zones only to assist the attacked nation . 
  hungary is to blame for tagging along with nazi germany yes , they were looking for a way to expand their territory no differently than the nazis . 
  but that is not a good comparison either because while you could easily argue that had hungary refused germany at the time it would have likely found itself invaded and occupied . 
  obviously the us was never at any time going to do the same to norway, 
  you know that if they are syrian or from other war torn areas it does n't mean they were always poor and destitute . 
  some of them might have been fairly well off , or at least well enough to purchase a smart phone , before war destroyed most of what they had . 
  also its 2015 , its not like smart phones are ridiculously luxurious and expensive items . 
  and if you were a refugee getting one would actually be a pretty smart move , it can download and store maps , you can research your route , contact friends/family , stay in touch with other refugees or groups that can provide you with useful information . 
  it would be an extremely handy tool to say the least, 
  because when i look up the words prediction and plan in a dictionary they have different meanings ? 
  can you seriously not understand the difference between what a plan is and what a prediction is ? 
  a race car driver could predict that he may crash , but he certainly does n't plan on crashing . 
  a criminal could predict he 'll be caught by the police , but he certainly does n't plan on being caught . 
  churchill predicted that gallipoli would turn into a disaster , but he certainly did n't plan on having a quarter of a million men become causalities for nothing . 
  cheney predicted that iraq would turn into a mess if saddam was removed , but he and the rest of the bush government did n't plan on doing the greatest damage to the us since the vietnam war . 
  is there any more confusion ? 
  thats a prediction , not a plan . 
  you know many churchill himself predicted that an amphibious landing at gallipoli would end in disaster . 
  and sure enough when he tried it 10 years later thats exactly what happened , but to say he intentionally planned , that it was his intent , for that campaign to end like that would be wrong . 
  the plan going into iraq was not to have it turn out the way it did . 
  i 'd love for the us to take a greater role in the refugee situation , and i absolutely think we should be taking more of them ourselves . 
  sadly it probably wo n't happen , but its nice to know that whenever a problem comes up for europe they still want the us to provide a solution , 
  if two men rob a bank , is it only the one who planned the heist who goes to prison ? 
  perhaps he gets a harsh sentence , but his accomplice does n't get away scott free, 
  do you think the decisions to go to war in 2001 and 2003 were put it a vote in the us ? 
  no has asked the american people either . 
  also you 're not a puppet of dc or brussels , bulgaria is a sovereign country capable of making its own decisions . 
  i mean quite a few eu and/or nato members did n't go along with the us to iraq , but bulgaria choose to . 
  lastly , `` russians give it a try , it 's not like the situation can get any worse '' oh brother ... what makes you think that ? 
  russians have a lot history of making stuff worse by intervening , between the us and russia its hard to pick a country worse at intervention . 
  things can always be made worse buddy, 
  well i made `` peace with it too '' for whatever that means . 
  i can tell you that no one planned for iraq to turn out the way it did , that was due to horrible incompetence , though it makes it no less of an atrocity . 
  well russia did n't have to wait long, 
  not in iraq you werent , and nato article 5 does not mandate the use of force , and i 'm pretty sure norway 's representative to nato was in support of invoking article 5 after 9/11, 
  whats the word for atrocity in serbia ? 
  or more importantly what do they call it in kosovo , croatia , bosnia , etc ? 
  yeah i used the word mistake , as in it was a mistake to go to war in 2003 . 
  you can nit pick the words all you want . 
  usa , and allies , including norway . 
  i do n't deny the horrible mistakes made since 9/11 in both iraq and afghanistan by the us , and i do n't deny the us took the lead in these conflicts . 
  however there 's no denying that nations like norway and bulgaria went right along with it . 
  i agree , but its still wrong for tihomirbz to blame `` the americans '' and make no mention of what `` the bulgarians '' have done, 
  assad represents a weak government , which is why he 's only been able to hold onto a fraction of the country and why the civil war started in the first place . 
  all parties in that conflict are pretty weak in regards to their ability to effectively govern except ironically isis which has done a pretty impressive job of executing many of the basic functions of government, 
  bulgaria was an iraq war co-belligerent , continues to support the mission in afghanistan , and i 'm pretty sure the airbases we use in bulgaria aid in supplying our efforts in syria . 
  in other words , stop trying to pass blame and take responsibility for your country 's actions . 
  yes of course the us is a much more powerful and influential country , and certainly has done more than tiny bulgaria . 
  but the intent and policy of your government is clearly aligned with ours in many ways regarding middle eastern policy , even if the scale of that policy is less due to bulgaria 's smaller capabilities . 
   decisive stance to end the civil war have you seen any information on troop numbers , equipment , capabilities , rules of engagement that the russians are using ? 
  i 've looked but i have n't seen anything . 
  i 'd love to see what information you have that led you to this conclusion . 
  i 'd also be curious why you think russian involvement will work when so many american/european attempts to prop up weak governments by military force ultimately fail, 
  zionism was around for a while before israel came into existence, 
  yes but if you look at the area a/b/c maps you 'll see that the palestinian authority does n't control much and there 's few places israeli military are n't allowed to go https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_bank_areas_in_the_oslo_ii_accord, 
  im not sure what your point is or what you think i 'll get out of it this,
