  imagine if it was an algerian or some other muslim and/or arab person throwing molotovs at police . 
  we 'd have a different headline, 
   and yes that enormous sub could blast either of those patrol boats to dust with the 100 + tomahawk missiles it carries or a couple of torpedoes . 
  actually it probably could n't , these torpedos are meant to sink large warships not little patrol boats . 
  it would n't surprise me if there was n't enough `` boat '' there for a torpedo to track especially since a patrol boat can maneuver much quicker than a warship . 
  same thing with a tomahawk i 'd bet , too close , target too small , missile moving too fast , etc. 
  in fact i 'd bet a patrol boat would be quite a threat to submarine in a situation like this , with the sub 's only real option being to run away, 
   celebrating death is a new low for this place . 
  please , have you seen the shit that goes on when a migrant boat sinks ? 
  or when the syrian army finally captured eastern aleppo ? 
  this is tame, 
  of course not everything has to do with culture but you ca n't really claim european was culturally homogeneous from the 15th century onward thats just stupid . 
  i mean just look at the nazis , or the english and the irish , or the spanish and the moors, 
   after that , europe has been pretty homogeneous , culturally speaking . 
  you do n't conduct mass murders against because you consider to be part of your own culture . 
  the dehumanzing of people required to conduct a mass murder would n't allow you to also acknowledge them as being part of your cultural group when you ca n't even acknowledge they are people . 
  no i 'm proposing that `` european culture '' does n't explain why multiculturalist policies work among european peoples . 
  i mean did european peoples get any more culturally similar in 1919 than 1946 ? 
  not really , yet you guys stopped killing and started accepting each other for the most part after 1946 but not 1919 . 
  i 'd argue because of nazism and the holocaust that the germans of 1945 were more culturally dissimilar to the rest of europe than the germans of 1918 . 
  i think the reason it works is simply because the conditions were set so that war was infeasible after 1945 ( because of the massive destruction inflicted on all european powers and the threat of the ussr ) . 
  and not only was war infeasible but the soviet threat and the need to rebuild national economies lead to cooperation . 
  once those two factors set in , then suddenly people realized that culturally they were n't that different and in the following decades due to trade and free movement they grew even closer culturally . 
  broad acceptance of mutliculturalism for european peoples is not something natural to europeans as evidenced by your history . 
  being anti-gmo is being pro-starvation, 
  because russians are weak insecure people who will gladly trade away their civil liberties to be part of a `` big strong power '' again, 
  this dude 's explanation of history is complete bullshit , we fought a war with britain because they were preventing us from trading from . 
  that guy can stick his french cock in a blender, 
   we ( the french ) lost more than the uk because the americans once independent had the choice between trading with france or the uk , and they preferred to trade with the british . 
  until today , they are still very much valuing their american identity as opposed to europeans ; but still value the most their white anglo christian heritage and their special relationship with great britain . 
  anybody could have seen that coming though . 
  what ? 
  dude fuck off with this shit , we fought a war with the uk in 1812 because they were capturing our ships and imprisoning our sailors specifically because we were trading with france . 
  prior to that we even took the temporary step of halting all trade with europe because the british insisted our ships stop in their country first . 
  http://www.manythings.org/voa/history/41.html maybe if that cunt napoleon was n't trying to conquer europe you 'd of had an easier time trading with us, 
   ethnic diversity harms health for hispanics and blacks . 
  http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/abs/10.2105/ajph.2012.300787 if you click the link thats not what the article says at all , i only clicked that one because its claimed jumped out at me . 
  the key is in what the research suggests , and does not suggest , is a cause . 
  here the research showed that blacks and hispanics who live in in an area thats more than 50 % black or hispanic are less likely to have cancer or cardiovascular disease than blacks and hispanics than live in areas less than 25 % black or hispanic . 
  no where in this article does it claim where they live causes this difference in numbers , nor do they claim that people are healthier for living among members of their own race . 
  they say its a correlation , not a causation in fact they specifically state that the point of the research is to highlight the need to do further research into what the actually cause of this phenomenon is . 
   multiculturalism works only between european peoples . 
  lol its funny because 60 years ago , even 30-40 years ago people would react to this like you told them they had to live alongside martians . 
  it really is comical how the idea that europeans are one related people has become an idea that so many people think has always existed . 
  please , multiculturalism works well between most european peoples because of the long peace after ww2 and the economic integration that followed not because there 's something inherently common among europeans . 
  you people have been finding every excuse possible to murder each other for thousands of years . 
  there was no concept of `` european peoples '' its all brand new . 
  you want multiculturalism to work ? 
  economically integrate and be intelligent enough to avoid populist morons who will point the finger at the foreigner as a cause for all their problems . 
  exactly as planned and exactly what putin wants out of these actions, 
  yes i misread the information, 
  doesnt look like / r/europe is interested in solidarity, 
  nice is in france edit : and i 'm talking about germany, 
   tacit admission that this is the new norm . 
  oh please this kind of ignorance of history is why people over-react to shit . 
  this is n't the `` new norm '' it is the norm , its always been the norm . 
  germany has a long history of terrorist activity from raf to the national socialist underground to islamic terrorism . 
  its not new , its not an extensional threat to society , and its not worth the massive over-reaction that people see afterward . 
  folks act like their country is literally under siege , on the verge of being permanently and irreparably changed , like everything up till now has been roses and wine . 
  when the neo-nazis killed 22 people in 2004 people shrugged , they were just a bunch of crazies who 'd obviously they 'd never seize power or change german people . 
  but a guy kills 12 ( perhaps more ) people with a lorry and folks act as if their country is at risk of being destroyed or overturned . 
  maybe it has to do with the fact that the latest wave of terrorism for germany is coming from foreigners , and its felt there 's a lot more unknown about them . 
  germans living in germany likely feel they have a good grasp on what other germans think and are n't scared people are going to turn into nazis , but foreigners from another country ? 
  who knows what kind of people they are . 
  i could see how that line of thinking could increase fear but do n't get carried away with it, 
   anyones guess what it will do . 
  will it certainly wo n't be a larger explosion than what the bomb was originally designed for, 
   my english is fine . 
  and yet here you are confused by the difference between `` pretend the biggest problem is immigration '' and `` pretend immigration is not a problem . '', 
  i believe you , i think you 're english is fine but you 're being deliberately stubborn by insisting one thing means another when it clearly doesnt . 
   yes exactly . 
  pretend it 's not a problem i 'm going to assume that its your english which is causing the confusion . 
  there 's a difference between `` pretend the biggest problem is immigration '' and `` pretend immigration is not a problem '' you seem to be confusing them, 
  well if you 're biggest concern is ethnic purity i guess it could n't be bribed awy, 
   poor , white and no longer forgotten ` mainstream parties can win these voters back from populism . 
  ** but not by pretending their biggest problem is immigration ' ** this article is about how to tap into lower class native members of society , and it says the way to do that is to not pretend the biggest problem is immigration . 
  railing against immigrants is an easy way to get votes , people like to blame an other , but its not going to solve the real problems, 
  i thought `` buck '' was purely american slang, 
   so we can continue on with mass immigration * reads article that says the problem is n't immigration * * immediately blames immigrants *, 
  pfft, 
  i 'm not going to argue whether or not the act of genocide by definition creates a large amounts of dead bodies . 
  dont be this stupid, 
  you have to have a lot of dead bodies for something to be a genocide, 
  so whats the solution ? 
  also as a side note i think most people who complain about identity politics are normally very hypocritical , everyone has identities they care about . 
   but they also see the downsides . 
  what downsides ? 
  seriously i have to ask this . 
  yeah its not perfect what compared to literally the entire history of the european continent and ever guy and country that ever lived and existed there when have things ever been better ? 
  what do you expect to achieve by throwing it away ? 
  i 'm not awkward around naked strangers, 
  expect nothing . 
  again though i have to ask , how are there are any terrorists if they are all so obvious ? 
  what makes you think they are so obviously pointed out ? 
  what makes you think living in close proximity to someone means they are going to tell you about a secret plan to commit a terrorist attack ? 
  also i never knew everything about my college roommates or sos, 
  goodness , its a wonder there are any terrorists at all if they 're all so obvious, 
  how do you figure that ? 
   the building of the wall has angered kosovo albanian officials , although serb officials in mitrovica insist the construction is purely practical and implies no aggression . 
  purely practical for what purpose though ?
