  and yeah in 1956 we did n't start ww3 over the hungarian revolution , do you think we should have ? 
  would you have done that for another nation ? 
  i doubt it . 
  in the end yes the us is n't a pure good of heart nation that just helps people out of kindness and generosity , we have interests like every other state does . 
  but that does n't change the good things we have done for hungary . 
  edit : i should add that if it werent for the treaty of trinan where hungary lost so much of its former territory , it probably would have ended up in a long war and bankrupted itself trying to hold onto those lands . 
  at the time hungary could n't even hold together a functioning military , how exactly was it going to hang onto all these lands and people that didnt want to be part of it ? 
  well starting in 1956 we took in tens of thousands of hungarians refugees . 
  after the cold war we invested hundreds of millions in hungary through a wider east european development program , which is actually still ongoing . 
  a real russian would know how to handle his liquor better, 
  remember the last time russia got really close with hungary ? 
  this time i think we should leave them to their fate , and throw back to the russians any refugees as well, 
  the refugee convention of 1951 clearly gives those intending to claim refugee/asylum status the right to enter a country through what would otherwise be illegal means . 
  this is a fact, 
  deriving legitimacy from who your parents , and their parents , and their parents were , and etc , etc , etc, 
  god damn, 
   this is why eu needs an offshore processing center for asylum seekers not going to happen , ground troops in libya ? 
  do n't count on it, 
  germany is living up to its international obligations, 
  yes, 
  they are n't the only europeans a little overzealous about preserving culture, 
  i think things would be a lot more civil if we removed some of the pretense . 
  can we all just admit that separate states , the us , uk , all the eu members , and even the eu as a whole all have interests in the actions that others take ? 
  and can we admit that we all have tools of statecraft , like economic trade agreements , that we all use to try to influence other state 's policy 's to be favorable to our own ? 
  i feel like this issue would be better approached if we all just recognized our self interests . 
  like when you go to buy a car there 's no doubt that the salesmen whats the highest price and you want the lowest , you 're both trying to influence each other , both trying to get more from the other , but because everyone know 's that there 's no reason not to be civil . 
  so yes the us wants something , the uk wants something , the eu wants something , and they 've all got their tools and advantages to getting it . 
  now let them hash it out , have them balance the strength of their tools against each other and see what the result is . 
  lets not get mad at the us looking after its interests in this article , the uk is doing the exact same thing , as is the eu . 
  thats not how the world works , there are consequences for your actions . 
  if britain leaves the eu it will gain more domestic sovereignty , no doubt about that . 
  but you have to realize that leaving will also change how britain stands on the world stage . 
  for example the eu as a whole represents the largest economy in the world , britain is fifth . 
  so why exactly would you expect the us to enter negotiations with the eu the same way it would with a wholly independent britain ? 
  why do you expect britain 's ability to negotiate trade agreements to not be impacted at all by it leaving the world 's largest economic union ? 
  and why do you expect countries to not use their economic clout to influence policy ? 
  it happens all the time , the us does it with china , china does it with the us , china just did it with britain . 
  there 's trade offs to being separate , whats hard about that to understand ? 
  it might be an empty threat , hell i wouldnt be surprised if it was . 
  still complaining about a country flexing economic muscle to influence policy is just childish . 
  i mean what do you expect ? 
  britain leaving the eu would have a massive global impact , and as you say it would impact the us negatively . 
  so what do you expect us to do ? 
  nothing ? 
  completely ignore that you 'd be taking a policy stance detrimental to our interests ? 
  how do you think the world works exactly ? 
  yeah we 'll flex a little economic power , welcome to reality where nations constantly try to influence each other . 
  are they in actually in limedsforsen ? 
   they were part of a group of 60 syrians and iraqis brought by bus on sunday to limedsforsen , close to the norwegian border , to a village of wooden chalets where they were to stay while their asylum claims were assessed . 
  i feel like that should be `` from '' limedsforsen because it later mentions them being dozens of kilometers from the nearest town . 
  no that 's why there are consequences for the actions you freely take, 
  after the cold war ended the us gave billions of dollars to russia to support its state infrastructure , help it secure its nuclear weapons , and completely falling apart . 
  in fact we still do give them money to help maintain their nuclear infrastructure https://explorer.usaid.gov/country-detail.html#russia, 
  i do n't know anything about baroque era music , but when i googled it i saw your dates were wrong and this whole comment reads like something on / r/iamverysmart, 
   baroque era . 
  thats oddly specific and obscure, 
  hmmm well maybe you 'd rather be behind that iron curtain again , no americans there . 
  now the glorious soviet empire is long gone but i 'm sure putin can do something for you , make sure those americans stay far away, 
  churches have always been the strictest conservatives in any society . 
  really ? 
  i thought at least during the later years of the austro-hungarian empire that the areas governed by vienna were fairly democratic , tolerant and respected the local cultures . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i think the eu is giving turkey the shaft by expecting them to do most of the the dirty work regarding refugees without giving them much support, 
   nobody listens to blues or jazz , though . 
  son , everyone listens to blues and jazz even if they do n't know it, 
  from the article where it says that thing ... 
  you 're right i should have been more specific, 
  holy shit you can be sentenced twice for the same crime ? 
  thats fucked up edit : damn this comment went from 10 points to minus -9 , thats some brigading right there, 
  music edit : why downvotes ? 
  hugh laurie said american music was its greatest gift to the world . 
  also our blues and jazz have influenced music worldwide, 
  you know what will help ? 
  not helping them handle their refugee crisis, 
   by signing a contract in an army you open yourself to a risk of getting killed , so it is suicide i guess ... by walking outside you open yourself to a risk of getting run over by a car by eating meat you open yourself to a risk of getting a food borne illness by going to the hospital you open yourself to a risk of being misdiagnosed . 
  no joining the army is not `` suicide sort of '' just because it entails risk, 
  less fat people, 
   as it stands , russia does n't have any strategic reasons to invade finland . 
  what was the strategic reason for invading georgia ? 
  this really needs a time frame for when these people were unemployed like `` almost 1 in 5 persons unemployed in the last year in the eu found a job '', 
  i think there 's a downvote brigade on / r/europe i 've never seen people downvote the idea of not sending folks to die a war, 
  i thought / r/europe counted turkey as part of europe , so do most eu governments which is why they 've at least notionally supported the idea of turkey joining the eu one day . 
  you didnt understand what i was saying did you ? 
  i dont think you have even a basic understanding of this issue, 
  go die in a war they want no part of ? 
  thats what going back to syria means, 
  i like how they do n't show any of the refugees that went from syria to turkey . 
  do you work in an industry which uses a lot of illegal immigrate labor ? 
  do you compete for positions and jobs with illegal immigrates ? 
  that 's the only way illegal immigrates are going to impact your wages . 
  personally i do n't but if you do i would understand your position, 
  you could send them home if you wanted sure or give them permanent residence its up to you . 
  it would n't be the first time folks who started as refugees wound up staying , but either way there 's nothing wrong with integration, 
  wow people in this thread support russia 's take over of crimea , they think it was done legitimately . 
  [ gotcha bitch !, 
  ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view2/3328432/gotcha-bitch-o.gif ), 
  so why do n't you want any integration when you know not successfully integrating so many people can lead to problems ? 
   and other nordics naturally , ethnic background is a valid way to determine how much aid you provide someone, 
   well , it is for the us . 
  plus this influence can , under optimal circumstances , directly result in economic and social benefits for your own citizens .
