and we are n't about to again so protection from what exactly ? 
  protect the skies from what exactly ? 
  neckbeards at war, 
  going into iraq in 2003 was a mistake , but the same critics who argued against intervention there and intervention in syria have the same flaw in their argument now . 
  that flaw is , you ca n't go back . 
  whats done is done . 
  you ca n't simply say `` we should n't have done this , that and the other thing . '', 
  its already done , there is no going back . 
  assad is not coming back to power at least not in the way he was before the civil war its just not happening . 
  you 've got to recognize the situation for what is and not how you think it should be and develop solutions from there . 
  according to the fbi there was no targeting , thats a fact, 
  crisis always pushes the extremes further extreme , look at post ww1 germany . 
  it saw the rise of both far left and far right extremists , though of course the far right won out . 
  or the us which saw groups like the tea party and occupy after the financial crisis the trick is to know when its a real threat and when its not, 
  transcript of conversation : `` can you believe this shit ? '', 
  `` lol i know right ? '', 
  itt we blame rape victims for being raped, 
  its not propaganda to point out that people , even refugees , are people . 
  you 're right in 1938 poland annexed about 226km ^ 2 of czechoslovakia with about 4,000 people living on it , but it was not part of the munich agreement which gave the sudetenland to germany . 
  either way to say that this event caused or was part of the cause of ww2 is pretty baseless . 
  my point in asking that question is to specifically show that what that solution entails is not what europe wants to be , north korea , berlin war , israeli west bank wall , etc, 
  so your solution is to place people permanently in middle eastern and african camps to live for generations ? 
  i 'm really irked you 'd look at the palestinian refugee situation as a solution . 
  surely europe can do something better than placing the world 's poor in prison camps for generations ? 
  hey another good example , though there 's still a problem of scale its much better than the berlin wall example . 
  it still would require massive funding and maintenance to be effective , and it does n't address the problem of walling off an ocean but its still a better example . 
  now i want someone to suggest europe should replicate the berlin wall or the israeli west bank wall on a continental scale, 
   who created this shit storm of immigrants in the first place ? 
  assad ? 
  isis ? 
  the realities of war ? 
  let me guess , you want to blame the us for starting the syrian civil war ? 
  being ` homogeneous ' is all relative and changes all the time , you know that of course which is why you said 50s and 60s and not the 40s . 
  so many europeans like to talk of their history as if it started in 1946 when its inconvenient to do otherwise . 
  so depending on how you define being homogeneous you could describe your society today as being either very homogeneous or not very homogeneous its entirely subjective . 
  hell it was n't long ago that a frenchman would look at a romanian as being just as much of an `` outsider '' as he would an african . 
  perhaps even more so if that african was from a french colony . 
  nowadays you 're all `` european '' and count the french and romanians as the same . 
  purely subjective , purely relative . 
  you 're comparing a city to a continent , but you 're right the berlin wall for a long time was fairly effective in its purpose . 
  do you believe we should create something similar around europe ? 
  how would a wall work when so many migrants cross via the sea ? 
  what would the cost be of maintaining such a wall ? 
  practicality is a bitch, 
  the idea that europe can just dump migrants onto the rest of the world is absolutely insane and impractical . 
  what i mean by that is by excluding any migrants they inevitably go somewhere else though not often back to their home countries especially in the case of places like syria . 
  so if europe were to just refuse entry to anyone places like libya and turkey would become backed up and forced to take on more on more of these migrants . 
  there would be consequences if that becomes the case and some of those consequences may already be happening now . 
  i challenge anyone to point to a historical example of a mass migration being prevented or stopped via walls and deportation . 
  never-mind the question of whats right/wrong , you have to ask yourself is your solution practical before asking about its morality . 
  fat people are disgusting , and this western trend towards more and more obesity is awful, 
  and what do you think assad will do once he regains control of the interior ? 
  the `` more money '' argument is bullshit . 
  in the us to secure a death penalty requires an extremely lengthy court process , that process costs more than it would otherwise cost to keep someone locked up for life . 
  i 'm talking costs of tens of millions of dollars just to secure the sentence . 
  except they are much more likely to fit because christian churches have been a mainstay of european cities for hundreds or thousands of years in some places . 
  also there 's no religious significance built into the structure itself , whereas in islam the call to prayer which is done from a minaret is a much more important aspect of practicing the religion . 
  also i do n't understand the important of `` architectural style , '' just because a city has looked a certain way for a long time is no reason to constrain everyone for all eternity to keep it looking that way, 
  no one wants to mention that ww1 and ww2 made it unpopular to claim or acknowledge german heritage in the us ? 
  luckily that 's changed , and even though german has been overshadowed by latin american or chinese influences we still have plenty of events centered around germany . 
  no i 'm not suggesting you 'll go to war with europe . 
  i 'm saying if the eu falls apart , which a british exist will greatly contribute too , then then international system of europe will be dominated by anarchy . 
  there will be other institutions such as nato that can maintain some unity at least on security matters , but there 'd be nothing for economic unity . 
  when i speak of pre-eu anarchy i 'm not just talking about war but also things like traffs and limits on movements of capital/goods that were frequent back then . 
  yes the `` sovereignty '' argument . 
  as if sovereignty is ends of itself , something that should be achieved for the sake of achieving it . 
  let me ask you , do you agree with every british law you live under ? 
  of course not , so why not argue to abolish the system and thus increase your personal sovereignty and let you do whatever things you ca n't do now . 
  well you 'd probably say because you know that living in a structured society is better than anarchy and even though you do n't agree with every law , its still better to have them . 
  my argument is that it works the same for europe as a whole , yes by joining the eu you 've lost some sovereignty as a country . 
  but what you 've gained in losing the anarchy that ruled the international system on the continent for centuries is well worth living under conditions that are n't always perfect to your interests/desires, 
  i 'm amazed people can look at pre-eu europe and post-eu europe and want to go back to the former, 
  no one thought that about saddam prior to his invasion of kuwait . 
  take a look at history, 
  i 've said it half a dozen times already in / r/europe and i 'll say it again , thats always how it works . 
  whenever there is a refugee crisis , including hungary 's 1956 refugees , people do n't just go to the neighboring countries . 
  for example hundreds of thousands of balkan citizens ended up all over europe in the 90s , same with hungary in 56 , some even made it all the way to the us . 
  do you consider your own people 50 years ago economic migrants ? 
  illegal immigrants ? 
  this topic looks like its being brigaded from the outside . 
  well fuck russia , and fuck assad, 
   it does n't matter to the rest of ukraine that the majority of crimea did in fact want to return to russia . 
  there 's no honest number out of crimea to verify that, 
  hungary took in more people when its economy was a third of its current size during the yuogoslav wars . 
  there 's no justification for saying helping the refugees is beyond the material capacity of the state , they just do n't want to spend the money this time . 
  no its just how language be, 
  youre right `` they 'd of had '' is a bit of colloquial speech , but its not grammatically correct . 
  if i had written it correctly it would have read `` they 'd have had '' and as you pointed out sometimes english speakers mix their `` f '' and ` v. ', 
  but saying or even typing `` they would have had '' is almost a bit of a tongue twister , so ` have ' just gets replaced with ` of . ', 
  wait are you talking about the effect of the migrants on europe ? 
  comparable to genocide ? 
  seems they should have gone to france , they 'd of had a much easier time integrating there, 
  but of course , it would n't be right to put the innocent on trial . 
   standard american english the us has no official language and unlike many european countries has no department of government tasked with keeping the language standardized . 
  i 'm not sure `` coordinate '' is the best word here . 
  it makes it sound as if they are working together toward a common goal when in reality they are just letting each other know their flight plans so they do n't shoot each other by mistake . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was an episode of south park about the elderly over throwing the government, 
  not all separatist movements are the same , but i got ta say this is pretty funny . 
  i do n't recall them having to be resettled , they were n't turned away and there were n't fights about who would take it how many . 
  but you 're right about one thing the hungarians back then came from a country with a much lower standard of living than pre-war syria , they were n't expecting as much .
