  why , for the love of god why , do people care so much about what their neighbors do or what their history is . 
  ok the guy is homosexual so what ? 
  he 's an atheist , he was n't born here , whatever . 
  was there an option to select none of the above ? 
  that should have been included since right now in this survey there 's no way for those who do n't have a problem with any of these kind of people to be represented . 
  what this guy said . 
  europe has never been better for europeans than it is now , and people want to end all of that because they may have to accept some refugees . 
  thats why i left the definition of ` glory ' up to interpretation . 
  you can pine for the past and the ` glory ' of empire or you can define glory as something else you can actually achieve and pine for the future instead, 
  yeah unless little austria is going to conquer czech , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , lombardy , etc , etc and declare a new austrian empire those days are gone . 
  do you really want to define glory by how much of the map you control ? 
  i actually do n't disagree that the falklands are british , i just wanted to point out that the reasoning you gave for the argentinian claim is completely untrue, 
  the british acquired the islands via agreement with spain in 1772 , they abandoned them in 1774 . 
  in 1833 they returned to lay claim but in the mean time argentina had become independent of spain and had established a settlement on the islands . 
  thats a big part of the claim , proximity has nothing to do with it, 
  europe had no glory days , sure you had empire , you had great wars , mass death , a thousand years and more of it . 
  personally i think the time since 1945 when you guys decided to stop killing each other ( for the most part ) is far more glorious than anything that came before it . 
  i mean if you define `` glory '' as how much of the map you control , then yes glory days are gone and they are n't coming back . 
  if you define glory as something else well you can be a little more optimistic , maybe try pining for the future and not the past . 
  very true , which is the case ? 
  i thought europeans were all about hanging onto national/ethnic sources of identity ? 
  some things are the fault of france , failing schools for example is a big one . 
  that is something no one really doubts is the responsibility of the state to provide , and provide in good quality . 
  the only way the us would consider decreasing its defense spending is if its allies contributed more . 
  yeah i 'm not saying that it would happen that way , but thats the only way it would happen . 
  also as seen during the libyan intervention france actually took the lead and was able to steer a lot of the policy there . 
  why ? 
  because it had the military capabilities to do so . 
  france has a capable military and was able to influence policy , germany does n't and was n't . 
  then why do so many europeans whine about american foreign policy if they 've agreed to ride along ? 
  if in fact america would pull back if europe carried more of its own weight , then it would have a much greater say in what the nato alliance or any other atlantic coalition . 
  for example germany was strongly against intervening in libya , but it hardly mattered because their military was n't needed to conduct the operation anyway . 
  if germany started increasing the size of its military relative to its neighbors and the us it would find its opinions more relevant . 
  likewise in syria germany is generally not supportive of american policy there , but because its decided to free ride and not maintain a sufficiently large enough military to be important no one cares . 
  we did n't have to worry about their opinion because we do n't need their support . 
  if germany/eu had a bigger military it could actually influence many of the foreign policy actions it likes to whine about others taking . 
  i do n't see anything in the linked article where netanyahu talks about any german plans to remove the jews , its about his muslim iman theory . 
  his contribution would have been removing more doubt that this was n't a fair trail . 
  without him there 's more reason for people who wish to doubt the validity of these proceedings to do so . 
  so you agree that these states free ride ? 
   if we were n't there to put out the fires before they started the fires how do you put out a fire before it starts ? 
  so if they did n't try to rescue the refugees from the fires , they would n't be started in the first place because what ? 
  yes , time to slow down the free ride a bit, 
  those sneaky illegal immigrates, 
   it 's a statistical comparison  the cities are not being compared what the fuck am i reading, 
   in terms of the effect on neighborly trust , the difference between living in an area as homogeneous as bismarck , north dakota , and one as diverse as los angeles is roughly as great as the difference between an area with a poverty rate of 7 percent and one with a poverty rate of 23 percent , this is a comparison , talking about the difference between x and y is comparing . 
  i do n't know how else to explain it, 
  as i said there 's lots and lots and lots and literal shit tons of other factors to account for differences between those two cites . 
  and i 'm still pretty fucking sure there 's more than ` zero ' college graduates in los angeles . 
  and if you run the actual numbers crime you 'll see that the two cities are statistically almost equal http://www.neighborhoodscout.com/nd/bismarck/crime/ http://www.neighborhoodscout.com/ca/los-angeles/crime/ do you think ` diversity ' is the most important factor in whether or not a city is safe ? 
  right because there 's no other differences between bismark , north dakota and los angeles , california . 
  also i 'm pretty damn sure there are people in los angeles with college degrees . 
  / r/europe is becoming / r/european, 
   with coming global economic recession migrant supporters will be lucky not to get deported also . 
  the new europe , deporting those with the wrong opinions, 
  people in this thread think being a refugee is easy . 
  delusional, 
  but what about the us but what about the us but what about the us its ok to kill civilians because the americans have done it its ok to do anything and everything if you can point out that the americans did it first . 
  there are people in this world that believe merkel is secretly trying to destroy germany over nazi guilt . 
  let that sink in, 
  i 'm sorry for you, 
  i think an underlying concern is a feeling that their self-identity in regards to religion , cultural , nationality , etc will no longer be the thing that the majority of other people living in germany self-identity with as well . 
  the more ways that the new comings do n't self-identify in the same way these natives do the more agitated they get . 
  thats right tiny lebanon can do more than the entire eu, 
  the fence is working in hungary because its a simple matter of going around it , once there is no option to go around we 'll see if its really effective . 
  its called a fallacy because it does n't make a good argument . 
  why ca n't turkey shoulder all the costs and burdens of keeping the ugly riff-raff out of europe , including themselves ? 
   civilisation , science , the enlightenment ... 
  right , europe has a monopoly on those things . 
  the shining beacon of the world . 
  careful with that logic , just going on trail is not a reason to presume guilt . 
  if banning extremism ideas worked there would be no extremists . 
  obviously i 'm not saying let people run wild with no police authority to stop genuine threats . 
  but to defeat ideas they need to be addressed not outlawed , that does n't work . 
  so is it just a religious thing ? 
  as in they do n't think people should be free to follow whatever religion they 'd like because non-christians may become a majority ? 
  if most of these refugees were christian would it be ok in there eyes , so race does n't matter ? 
  i 'm trying to get a feel for what these folks do n't want and what they find acceptable, 
  there is some bat shit crazy stuff in this thread, 
  privatized cia ? 
  stratfor predictions are always overly specific and overly pessimistic . 
  this is the same group that predicted ww3 would break out in the 90s between japan and the us http://www.amazon.com/the-coming-war-with-japan/dp/0312058365, 
  europe got over that , the opium wars are far older, 
  bloody hell, 
  you know i just assumed because he mentioned bombings that the rockets/missiles he was referring to meant those designed to shoot down planes in the style of afghanistan in the 80s . 
  also thats not an american weapon system , which does n't exactly mean much because of course we can and have provided people with weapons that were n't of our own design . 
  also that video is dated from before the russians formally started directly intervening . 
  so its not proof of americans providing extra rockets/missiles in the wake of russian bombings ,, 
  i 'd be curious to see that report, 
  people should be upset when police kill by mistake, 
  why should n't i criticize people on human rights ? 
  i did n't lock up all those people in american prisons , and i certainly do n't support it ? 
  just because my government has a policy i disagree with , does n't mean i can never criticize it . 
  oh i did n't realize i was standing in as a proxy for the whole united states and its government . 
  trust me i 'm personally very critical of our alliance with saudi arabia . 
  whataboutism also the sauds are european allies too , do n't forget you 're on the same boat as us in that regard . 
  the dictatorship of democracy . 
  does n't china know that britain does n't consider human rights a priority anyway ? 
  hungarians have never been part of europe , they came to us https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_conquest_of_the_carpathian_basin, 
  and the wikipedia page you pulled that from captions that picture with this :  a map depicting p\u00e9ter veres 's theory of the magyars ' urheimat and of their migrations , including their staying in the region of the kuban river its a theory .
