  if no party gets at least 50 % of the vote in the first round , a second round is held , which any party who got at least 10 % in the first round may enter . 
  lists that obtain at least 5 % of the vote in the first round may merge in the second round with a ` qualified list ' , which includes candidates from each merged list . 
  at the decisive round ( first round if a list won 50 % , the second round if not ) , the leading list receives a premium of 25 % of the seats while the remaining seats are distributed among all lists who received at least 5 % of votes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_regional_elections,_2015 the idea of having 2 rounds of elections is to give people a chance to vote for smaller parties without feeling like they are `` wasting '' their vote on someone who has no chance of outright winning . 
  so in the first round they can vote for their most preferred candidate and if they are dropped by the 2nd round they can vote for their next preferred . 
  we 've got a different view of `` standard procedure '' which to me is things people do a frequently and pretty much the same way all the time . 
  they 're developed to give leadership more time to focus on questions that do n't always have standard answers and not have to worry about constantly directing their subordinates to do daily or mundane tasks . 
  whether or not to fire at , even if the intent is to miss , someone is n't something that should be made without the leadership 's input if at all possible . 
  and when they do make a decision like that its not a simple run down of a `` standard procedure '' it takes a analysis of the situation followed by a decision where its not always possible to tell what the right/wrong answer is . 
  an sop is for something like how to form up every morning , how do to maintenance on a vehicle , its done the same way every time and there 's clearly a right and a wrong way to do it . 
  escalation of force is not something done from a checklist and should involve a commander 's input if the situation allows . 
  may still be used = / = standard procedure, 
   it 's only normal for a military ship to fire a warning shot . 
  standard procedure really . 
  what ? 
  no its not . 
  you do n't put `` standard procedures '' on the front page of the bbc . 
  what about the usa ? 
  nothing wrong with that, 
  yeah lots of people here do that , but its not considered that important in self-identification . 
  for example if i had to guess i 'd say my heritage is mostly english/german because that 's statistically most common for a white american and my names are english and german . 
  i 've never done any research into it though because its not important to me . 
  what i meant was that being an american is n't about what your heritage is , its really just about deciding you want to be one and demonstrating a belief in certain values . 
  of course there 's a process and it can take years to become a citizen , of course there are some americans who would n't consider you to be the same as them even after you got citizenship . 
  still i do believe being a nation of immigrates we 're less concerned about your blood . 
  for example i could become a french citizen by living and working in france continuously for five years assuming my application was accepted . 
  but i get the impression most people there would n't consider me to be as french as they were because i was n't born there and i had no family history . 
  whereas in america we care more about who you are not who your family is or where you were born . 
  now those are n't absolutes of course and i could be wrong its just the impression i have for europe . 
  fair point, 
  i think people in europe are going to eventually realize that they ca n't solve their problems or face the issues of the world to the satisfaction of their people as dozens of bickering little states . 
  they need to further integrate and take advantage of the economies of scale such a move would offer . 
  this was the exact reason organizations like nato formed , every state wanted to preserve its sovereignty and survival post ww2 . 
  however if each state had tried to accomplish those goals on its own they would have found it far more difficult and the chances of failure far higher . 
  only by banding together were they able to ensure the highest possibility of achieving those goals . 
  the situation considers today in other fields like immigration , economic prosperity , etc. 
  the goals of europe 's states are beyond the ability of each state to achieve to the degree it wants , and its people want , if they decided to go alone . 
  in general i 'd guess that americans are less concerned with who someone 's parents/grandparents were than europeans are . 
  the mentality of defining who you are or who someone else is based on their heritage is n't as prominent here . 
  plus we have the whole immigrate nation national myth that a lot of people still believe in today . 
  that would just be my guess on why america is better at immigrate integration . 
  i do n't have any data or anything its just a guess, 
  the title clearly means `` europe '' as in every country in europe , not europe has a single whole political entity . 
  it even has a handy chart which breaks it down country by country, 
  so this is before german switched to metric ? 
  back when they measured everything in volkswagen beatles ? 
   greece has been one of the most developed countries in the world for millenniums , and the father of modern civilization . 
  your bigotry is a shame for yourself . 
  but what is it now ? 
  portugal used to be a global power , are you saying we should treat it as one now ? 
  the turks used to rule greece , perhaps we should treat them as if they still do . 
  i like the idea of paying back to greece what it gave to the world , thats funny . 
  how exactly do you plan on quantifying that ? 
  also why do you think today should receive money for what folks thousands of years ago did ? 
  and if they are going to receive money for the actions of those individuals so long ago shouldnt they also pay money for when those individuals did n't behave so nicely ? 
  ok i agree lets give greece money because of athenian democracy , but i think greece should also pay reparations for alexander 's conquests fair ? 
  good , the art world has suffered massively from a disregard of standards . 
  there 's a reason words like `` art '' are often used as a by-word for something without any value . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkfzoiv5ss0 this is germany but still , a woman shoving paintballs in her ass to drop them on a piece of paper is not art . 
  http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1865822/thumbs/o-bear-570.jpg?6 or this guy who crawled inside of a bear skin for two weeks to do pretty much nothing . 
  if you want to do it go ahead , but this is something i do n't think tax payers need to be funding, 
  i think this is a little too alarmist right now, 
  continually propping up greece from now until the end of time is not a good plan . 
  here 's a thought , how can greeks have so much pride if they ca n't even maintain a functioning country without loads of outside support ? 
  ouch . 
  would ruling in their favor imply the french flag , anthem , etc only represents the white individuals of france ? 
  making greek people happy is not the goal . 
  look if you have to borrow from your neighbor for money , defense , etc you do n't get to snub your nose at them and stand on pride . 
  this is the real world , things have costs , you give to receive , that includes pride . 
  so if greeks have too much pride to accept working with another country they do n't like so much and as a result they fail to completely secure their borders ? 
  thats on them for letting their pride get in the way of what needed to be done . 
  they bought more pride than they could afford . 
  if greece wants more autonomy with its economy maybe it should work on building a functioning economy in the first place that is n't reliant on the support of the rest of europe to keep afloat . 
  this is reality , this is how the world works , if youre going to borrow other people 's things you have to accept there may be conditions on that borrowing . 
  go ask a friend to borrow something like a car or kitchen appliance or whatever , then tell him that because you value your autonomy and pride so highly that you 'll be the one to decide how you use his thing , when ( if ever ) you give it back , and you fully expect him to be willing to lend you more on demand . 
  damn you 're right , i mean that treaty was pretty punitive on germany but at least no one asked them to conduct point patrols of their coast with a neighbor country . 
   pride has to be taken into account all the time . 
  maybe greeks could be a little more german in both their approach to finances and national pride ? 
  this may be a bit off topic but in the us we are constantly talking about `` what gun owners '' think as if simply going out and purchasing a rifle or pistol gives you a special insight into the issue . 
  it must be different in the eu where gun owners have to actually navigate a complex set of rules to obtain a legal weapon and then continue to own it legally . 
   why do you feel the need to guess something so patently obvious ? 
  he wants to sound smart, 
   would you ask japan to guard korean coast ? 
  would ask russia to guard us coast ? 
  you would n't and neither do greeks . 
  this is putting the pride of the greek people to shambles and embarrass them . 
  would you ask norway and spain to guard the greek coast ? 
  apparently greece would so why not turkey ? 
  also greece ca n't afford pride now, 
  just remove it entirely `` photography of russian empire in 1910s '', 
  sorry thats not how i intended it and you 're probably right , i just notice a lot of posts on history subs about `` rare '' photographs when they typically mean something else . 
  once something has been turned into digital content and posted online its difficult to call it `` rare . '', 
  i 've seen this album posted several times on reddit alone, 
  here you go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mahtgnik4q4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=27s, 
  4 months winter war against russia and 150k dead 230k wounded total on both sides . 
  about 12 % of area lost and 12 % of population relocated in finland . 
  this is n't a competition dude, 
  russia cares more about being `` strong '' than it does about anything else . 
  `` rare '' is not the right word, 
   still a better bond car than the bmws used by pierce brosnan .
