  i do n't want to assume but i 'd guess someone who 's born to dutch parents , speaks dutch , is christian or atheist , white ? , would not be creating diversity in your view ? 
  oh the welsh are going to lecture me on sounding funny when you speak english haha, 
  i do understand the sentiment , but its my opinion that in this case democracy has to give way to pragmatism . 
  we ca n't have people weighing in on every turn , every counter and counter-offer during a complex negotiation . 
  now if your country wanted to do an up-down vote on the deal once its complete and the details are fully known ? 
  great . 
  but not while its still being crafted . 
  no i was saying if nigel knew we were heading for a recession ` regardless of brexit ' why he never mentioned it to anyone . 
  it seems ever more clear that the uk will enter a recession because of brexit so he trying to claim `` it would have happened anyway '' to avoid criticism for his leave support . 
  so if he knew it was going to happen anyway before brexit and regardless of brexit , why did n't he tell anyone ? 
  he 's claiming he 's got foresight when it 's really hindsight, 
  speak like an american , write like an american, 
  china points to lots of shit as proof of the danger of democracy , curiously silent on pointing out its own mistakes as proof of the dangers of authoritarianism . 
  whatever . 
  why did n't he warn us before ? 
  i 'd of wanted to know britain was headed for a recession a few months ago, 
   everything held secret , almost all foreign negotiations are held in secret for the simple reason that if they werent nothing would ever get done especially for hot-button issues . 
  every concession either side offered would spark calls of betrayal back home even if it never made it into the final agreement, 
  out maneuvered ? 
  the united kingdom has fallen flat on its damn face so hard its questionable if it will even exist in a decade . 
  id imagine they love how putin embodies russian `` strength '' after being dealt hard blows from its opponents which feeds off of the resentment from bitter people who ca n't accept they were on the wrong side . 
  do it, 
  mods dont even have the power to shadow ban, 
  never . 
  united states of europe would one of the greatest geo-political accomplishments in history, 
   how do i put air quotes around the air quotes around `` experts '' ? 
  i think the british people are tired of hearing from [ `` experts '' ] ( http://i.makeagif.com/media/1-21-2015/rpgksc.gif ), 
  well lets see if sub-1 .40 is the new norm, 
  i 'd go with xenophobia , which seems to be fueling every right-wing populist asshole in the western world right now, 
  and its still far below what it was before the referendum, 
  if you say so, 
   the pound and the ftse have already pretty much recovered yeah its `` recovered '' from 1.34 to 1.37 but its overall still down from 1.50, 
  the longer britain acts as a dead weight on the eu the worse its going to be treated in negotiations . 
  you said you want out so get fucking out , do n't be that asshole at the party who constantly complains about how lame it is , how he 's totally gon na leave , then never fucking does . 
  `` but our empire '' remember the empire ? 
  lets get that back, 
  without scotland there is no uk, 
  they 'll still blame the eu of course things go bad while you 're still under eu rules negotiating a new agreement ? 
  eu is punishing us for leaving . 
  things go bad after we 've renegotiated ? 
  its still the eu 's fault because our gov ' t did n't `` force '' them to accept everything we want because bloody hell we `` re the ~ ~ fifth ~ ~ ~ ~ sixth ~ ~ seventh biggest economy . 
  united kingdom breaks up and all the leavers dreams of freedom and empire go up in dust ? 
  still the eu 's fault for making those damn bloody scottish cunts like it so much, 
  who 'd of thought i 'd see the end of the uk within my life time . 
  i was being sarcastic i totally understand where you are coming from . 
  hopefully the renegotiated agreement will include some open borders but who knows . 
  nice, 
  a fucking reckoning is what happens . 
  best case scenario it takes what ? 
  maybe a year to fully renegotiate britain 's relationship with the eu with the uk 's economy slowing down but not quite entering recession as investors are confident in a healthy and quickly agreed to association . 
  worst case scenario the ` divorce period ' takes 2-3 years or longer because both the uk ( wanting to win as much as possible to show it was worth it ) and the eu ( wanting to give as little as possible to discourage others ) refuse to budge on any details during talks . 
  this makes investors and business owners very uncertain about future prospects for britain 's economy which results in capital leaving the country , and a very weak pound . 
  somewhere in this mess a scottish independence referendum is established , maybe even a irish unification referendum depending on how badly cross-border ties are affected . 
  this further drags out negotiations as eu negotiators are n't even sure if their negotiating with the gov ' t of the uk or the future gov ' t of england/wales . 
  i think ultimately the uk is going to wind up agreeing to following 90 % or so of the regulations and trade standards it held this vote to get away from . 
  how long it takes for them to accept that , and maybe even how well its gov ' t and lie to the british people about how they are caving in , will determine how long this transition takes . 
  of course until a new arrangement is agreed to the eu/uk will continue under the same relationship they have now, 
  there 's got to be quite a few leave voters regretting their vote already, 
  yeah but you 're more free now right ? 
  leave saved the uk from eu just so it could kill itself, 
  time to move the uk to the mid atlantic on / r/europe 's map where they want to be, 
  oh dont worry your government does , and the things it buys to serve you will now cost so much more , 
  `` we want to continue to have full access to the eu market just as we have now '' `` sure just sign here to agree to all these regulations and standards for trade '' `` oh fuck '', 
  `` god help our country '' indeed, 
  maybe if you live in lala-land but here in reality actions have consequences and one ca n't just say `` financial markets should n't matter to national policy . '', 
  fact is they do, 
  i was supposed to be playing some new games from the sale tonight , instead i 'm here watching the apocalypse, 
  i do n't know what you mean by this but yes economic issues are important . 
  questions like `` will this vote crash my currency and send my country into recession are important '', 
   domestic goods will cost the same . 
  not exactly , many domestic goods contain parts that are made elsewhere or use things made elsewhere ( like imported french energy ) in their production . 
  in addition though they may be `` domestic '' products their producers , especially if they are mutlinationals , wo n't just accept the decrease in their profits they will attempt to raise prices if possible, 
  oh yeah it will just bounce back , i mean it slumped for what ? 
  no real reason just normal market fluctuation right ? 
  tomorrow things will be back to normal, 
  bbc already talking about another scottish independence referendum , and now the scottish national party is as well . 
  congreats leave , you 've saved the uk from the eu only to have it tear itself apart . 
  and its not like this outcome was n't obvious or at the very least a clear and very real risk , what the hell were they thinking ? 
  every british citizen today has lost 12 % of their wealth , and they are happy about it, 
  everything you own valued in pounds is now worth 11 % less than it was yesterday , including the pounds themselves . 
  edit : 12 % less now, 
  time for another independence referendum, 
  not yet its still got a way to go down, 
  pound down to $ 1.34 from $ 1.50 , 10 % loss of value and purchasing power within hours, 
   i know this is probably not the place to ask , but would buying a fuckton of pounds now be a good idea ? 
  god no . 
  you think the pound has bottomed out now ? 
  absolutely not . 
  wait a week or more, 
  this isnt an independence vote , check your history, 
  germany cant even boss the eu around the way brexiters are talking about , and they are bigger than the uk . 
  if germany , and the rest of the eu , cant force the uk to sign all the trade agreement it wants them to sign . 
  what makes you think the uk , all by itself , is going to be able to make the eu sign all the trade agreements it wants, 
  fucking nigel farage talking about how he 's glad they did n't have to shoot anyone to accomplish this vote . 
  what the fuck dude . 
  these guys are still convinced the uk is economically powerful enough to boss around the rest of the eu . 
  good luck with that i guess . 
  then they 'll whine when the eu does n't want to cave to every demand in renegotiated deals, 
  `` vote leave is n't having a party tonight , they say they got more important things to spend their money on '' they better spend it fast while its still worth something, 
  oh they 'll keeping selling to you , whether or not they buy is another matter .
