  these are genuine refugees , just because syria does n't border germany or hungary does n't make those people any less of a refugee . 
  just as hungary did n't border the us or germany did n't border bosnia , but they still managed to take refugees from those areas . 
  also you need those migrants , europe is n't replacing its native population through natural birth . 
  europe is already ending as you know it , do you think things will stay the same when in less than 50 years half the population of places like hungary are over the age of 50 ? 
  those are hungary 's own government estimates for 2060 . 
  what do you think the population of africa and the middle east will be in 2060 ? 
  much much higher than it is now , hopefully there 's no stresses on that population like war or famine because when they came that time there literally wo n't be enough europeans to stop them . 
  europe has a big problem with taking in refugees , with thinking it can wall itself off to the rest of the world , its going to have to come to grips with these things, 
  just like the us took refugees straight from hungarian refugee camps in the 50s ? 
  or just like europe took yugoslav refugees straight from camps in the 90s ? 
  just like its always never been done before right ? 
  speaking of the 90s its funny how hungary was able to take in 60,000 people then , now that its much richer it can take almost no one . 
  even the mighty uk can only find a way to handle 5000 a year for four years . 
  you know those camps in neighboring countries like lebanon do n't even have enough food to properly feed all their inhabitants , yet you expect people to patiently wait there as a tiny fraction are selected . 
  europe 's handling of this crisis is a disagree to all the `` values '' they 've been spouting off for decades, 
  speaking from your experience as a refugee correct ? 
  you know i recall a time not to recently when as the former yugoslavia broke up and balkan people ended up all over europe . 
  but i do n't recall people criticizing them for ending up in places like the uk , germany , france , sweden , etc when places like italy , austria , hungary , etc were much closer . 
  also i do n't suppose you 're going to tell me that serbia has the means to provide for all these people . 
  maybe you think the serbs should build a southern border and push them to macedonia , who will push them to greece , to turkey , back to syria right ? 
  smartphones are not that expensive , its not even uncommon to see them in afghanistan when i was there . 
  they are also handy computers that can let people do online banking , email , search the internet , etc all on a device that costs a fraction of a normal computer/laptop . 
  this is why smartphone penetration is much more prevalent in poorer countries than any other type of computer, 
  til sweden is the only country that experiences terrorism, 
  you ca n't possibly think this is a workable plan ? 
  thats because it ignores the reality of the situation . 
  these refugees are n't from serbia , and serbia can not provide of them . 
  hoping that serbia just in turn builds a southern wall , which encourages its neighbor to build a similar wall , until we shunt the refugees all the way back to syria is just silly . 
  and it goes against the intent and requirements of the 1951 refugee convention . 
  i mean i suppose hungary has forgotten the hundreds of thousands of refugees that left after 1956 , many of whom ended up in the us . 
  they sure and hell did n't go straight from hungary to the us did they ? 
  maybe we should have pushed them off into the atlantic on boats because there was no war in the atlantic at time , they would be ` safe . ', 
  nevermind that they have no means to provide themselves , war is all that counts . 
  i 've heard this argument before when people say we encourage mexicans to come here illegally by giving them certain services . 
  people do n't get that you ca n't make the us , germany , europe , whatever bad enough to discourage people from coming . 
  if you cut refugee assistance people will still come because its always going to be better than where they came from . 
  not really an option actually , especially for a nation like france, 
  sounds like something that warrants a taser or if they do n't have that then a baton . 
  how many people do you think are killed globally by thrown knives ? 
  plus the dude completely misses , hitting the car in front of the cop who 's already long ducked anyway . 
  life threatening my ass, 
  its idiotic because they shot after he threw something at them , which does n't count as a life threatening attack , and then after he started to run away they continued to shoot at him . 
  the threat he and his tire irons presented did not justify lethal force . 
  god what a bunch of idiots, 
  its like a dozen people holding signs , people are acting as if this is a representative majority, 
  hey everyone , everybody , come check this out , look , get a load of this guy , thus guy is trying to equate socialism in europe to north korea, 
  oh buddy are you are sure about that ? 
  lets talk writing , you know of course that the roman language latin is the basis or has influence pretty much every european language . 
  did you know that the chinese language has done the same , and did it much sooner , and did it to more people ? 
  japanese kanji was developed from chinese script roughly 2000 years ago , there 's a similar story with written korean and vietnamese later . 
  speaking of political development and advancements i 'm sure you 've heard of folks such as confucius , sun tzu . 
  do people still talk about great roman educators in italy or europe the way they talk about confucius in china ? 
  do people still point to a single man from ancient rome as the basis for education up until this very day the way people point to confucius in regards to china ? 
  now if you were to compare a laundry list of philosophies , statesmen , inventors , from both rome and china you 'd find yourself with two huge lists . 
  both states developed these things as you 'd expect , but my argument is that the chinese ones had and continue to have a much bigger impact on history than their roman counterparts . 
  perhaps not a bigger impact on your history being a european but taking the whole history of mankind together there 's no denying they affected more people and continue to do so . 
  2 % were turned away at ellis island , or roughly 240,000 people total http://www.nytimes.com/2007/03/31/nyregion/31immigration.html, 
  would you rather have your equipment be expensive or outdated ? 
  if you include the entire history of chinese dynasties they were far far far more influential on the world than the roman empire was . 
  keep in mind that the chinese dynasties all together lasted roughly 2100 years, 
  what 's this guy 's argument exactly ? 
  no one has the right to a better life , so do n't you come here and take my better life ? 
  does everyone not include him ? 
  unless you 're a new world country , a lot of us built our economies on international immigration, 
  europe needs to be reminded of its values , for that matter so does america, 
  you folks forget that even after the war ends the country will be unable to support its former population , not only in terms of jobs or government but basic infrastructure like water may not be present in many areas . 
  syrian war refugees wo n't just stop magically coming to europe after the war ends , just as european war refugees did n't magically stop coming to the us once ww2 ended, 
  the navy could define a rubber boat as a battleship for all it matters . 
  what matters is capability and trying to determine what label fits a ship with certain capabilities best . 
  clearly the us carriers and the european ones , except perhaps degaulle , require different labels . 
  now whether thats super carriers/carriers or carriers/light carriers is n't really important so long as they are n't counted as being the same, 
  so what ? 
  so if you do n't want to rely on others for defense you need to provide your own , seems pretty obvious to me . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with anything you say but that 's the reality . 
  if you want to provide your own defense you should have the means to do it, 
  oh believe you me i have a harsh eye directed towards my own country as well, 
  well i have english ancestry i 'm pretty sure but i 'm not a uk citizen . 
  would you respect my opinion on this matter more than a fellow uk citizen without english ancestry ? 
  i 'm also curious given the massive interbreeding of people in europe 's history how do you define who 's english and who is n't ? 
  i posted this comment elsewhere but its just as valid here people assume that just because assad was once in control of syria that he will be able to maintain control if the rebels are defeated . 
  do n't count on it . 
  the civil war started for a reason , because the people were widely dissatisfied with his rule . 
  they are still dissatisfied and wo n't simply accept assad 's rule again even if his military is able to defeat the larger formations of his opposition his enemies will simply become low level insurgents like what happened in iraq with the us . 
  also lets not forget that because assad only has the loyalty a fraction of the population it means the size of his military is severely limited . 
  in fact the size of his army since the conflict started has shrunk by almost half , mostly due to defections and of course battlefield losses . 
  he 's obviously not going to be able to draw recruits from these reconquered areas , he ca n't trust them . 
  now lets talk training , ok you give the syrian army all these new weapons but the soldiers are the ones who have to know how to effectively use them . 
  who 's going to train them ? 
  the russians maybe but how effective is that going to be ? 
  the us trained the iraqi military for years and it came to nothing . 
  so how exactly is he going to use military force to maintain order when his military force is so limited ? 
  what makes you think the syrian army is going to accomplish what the american one could n't , which is putting down a insurgency . 
  what makes you think that russia is going to be able to train and equip the syrian army better than the iraqi one ? 
  and need i remind you that were training that iraqi army for years , russia only recently arrived in syria and has far less resources than we did . 
  if you want to end the civil war its not going to be done through strictly military means , it has to come to a political solution which may or may not mean assad staying in power . 
  that is the only way this war will end , because its quite obvious that neither side has the ability to defeat the other using purely military means . 
  actually its the us , uk , poland , greece , and estonia http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193, 
   many spaniards would rather shoot themselves in the feet directly than relying on countries like the uk for defense . 
  seems strange then that spain would be the 2nd lowest military spender in nato . 
  europeans judging others for fighting each other , the irony is suffocating me i 'm dying .
