  thats fucked up . 
  as some other british fellow once said , `` what 's in a name ? '', 
  not entirely no , but i think comparing the us pre and post civil rights movement shows that putting those fears aside , not trying to create parallel societies within our nation , and working to embrace the diversity more have made our country better on the whole . 
  its not perfect by any means whatsoever . 
  singapore is probably another good example , it still has race/identity issues among its citizens but its done a very good job in creating a singaporean identity which alleviates some of the stress from those other differences . 
  and lastly , as the article points out , even before mass immigration into europe from non-european places there were still plenty of dividers and perceived different cultures within european states that led to many of the same problems experienced today . 
  for example class , religious , or regional differences . 
  there was a time in france not too long ago where someone from paris would not identify themselves as belonging to the same group as someone from nice or another occitanian city , but today few would see those differences as anything but marginal or at least relatively minor compared to other differences they had with other people . 
  i 'm comparing pre civil rights movement to post civil rights movement , by embracing our diversity as a nation during that time period we 've reduced the race/identity based problems a great deal . 
  again its not perfect by any means but its better than what it was when we tried to create a parallel society for blacks, 
  i think you can draw a similarity to the us in some ways . 
  what europe has experienced with its immigrate population is the establishment of parallel societies , which are often excluded , poor , and have different legal rights . 
  in the us we did something similar for a long time with our black population and needless to say it caused quite a bit of unrest . 
  however after the civil rights movement and a cultural change much of that unrest died off and our society is much more peaceful , stable , and inclusive than it was before . 
  there 's certainly still race issues or other divisions in society i 'm not denying that , but its not as bad as before . 
  thats the argument for embracing diversity . 
  the author of this article is british, 
   americans do n't understand europe but somehow they feel the need to comment on it . 
   i do n't think it can be made any shorter than that . 
  the author of this article is british , not that it should matter, 
  europe 's irrational fears about national identity have lead to insistence on separating groups and creating divisions , where none existed before , in society which have led to social unrest . 
  edit : i should add also that it talks a lot about how the state 's unwillingness to let individuals identify how they chose , and instead labeling them as how the government sees them , creates problems by placing diverse sets of people into groups that are then treated as homogeneous . 
  second , europe should distinguish colorblindness from blindness to racism . 
  the assimilationist resolve to treat everyone equally as citizens , rather than as bearers of specific racial or cultural histories , is valuable . 
  but that does not mean that the state should ignore discrimination against particular groups . 
  citizenship has no meaning if different classes of citizens are treated differently , whether because of multicultural policies or because of racism . 
  finally , europe should differentiate between peoples and values . 
  multiculturalists argue that societal diversity erodes the possibility of common values . 
  similarly , assimilationists suggest that such values are possible only within a more culturally -- and , for some , ethnically -- homogeneous society . 
  both regard minority communities as homogeneous wholes , attached to a particular set of cultural traits , faiths , beliefs , and values , rather than as constituent parts of a modern democracy . 
  related tweets the real debate should be not between multiculturalism and assimilationism but between two forms of the former and two forms of the latter . 
  an ideal policy would marry multiculturalism 's embrace of actual diversity , rather than its tendency to institutionalize differences , and assimilationism 's resolve to treat everyone as citizens , rather than its tendency to construct a national identity by characterizing certain groups as alien to the nation . 
  in practice , european countries have done the opposite . 
  they have enacted either multicultural policies that place communities in constricting boxes or assimilationist ones that distance minorities from the mainstream . 
  moving forward , europe must rediscover a progressive sense of universal values , something that the continent 's liberals have largely abandoned , albeit in different ways . 
  on the one hand , there is a section of the left that has combined relativism and multiculturalism , arguing that the very notion of universal values is in some sense racist . 
  on the other , there are those , exemplified by such french assimilationists as the philosopher bernard-henri l\u00e9vy , who insist on upholding traditional enlightenment values but who do so in a tribal fashion that presumes a clash of civilizations . 
  there has also been a guiding assumption throughout europe that immigration and integration must be managed through state policies and institutions . 
  yet real integration , whether of immigrants or of indigenous groups , is rarely brought about by the actions of the state ; it is shaped primarily by civil society , by the individual bonds that people form with one another , and by the organizations they establish to further their shared political and social interests . 
  it is the erosion of such bonds and institutions that has proved so problematic -- that links assimilationist policy failures to multicultural ones and that explains why social disengagement is a feature not simply of immigrant communities but of the wider society , too . 
  to repair the damage that disengagement has done , and to revive a progressive universalism , europe needs not so much new state policies as a renewal of civil society . 
  assimilate now france 's policy of assimilationism is generally regarded as the polar opposite of multiculturalism , which french politicians have proudly rejected . 
  unlike the rest of europe , they insist , france treats every individual as a citizen rather than as a member of a particular racial , ethnic , or cultural group . 
  in reality , however , france is as socially divided as germany or the united kingdom , and in a strikingly similar way . 
  questions surrounding french social policy , and the country 's social divisions , came sharply into focus in paris this past january , when islamist gunmen shot 12 people dead at the offices of the satirical magazine charlie hebdo and four jews in a kosher supermarket . 
  french politicians had long held multicultural policies responsible for nurturing homegrown jihadists in the united kingdom . 
  now they had to answer for why such terrorists had been nurtured in assimilationist france , too . 
  it is often claimed that there are some five million muslims in france -- supposedly the largest muslim community in western europe . 
  in fact , those of north african origin in france , who have been lumped into this group , have never constituted a single community , still less a religious one . 
  immigrants from north africa have been broadly secular and indeed often hostile to religion . 
  a 2006 report by the pew research center showed that 42 percent of muslims in france identified themselves as french citizens first -- more than in germany , spain , or the united kingdom . 
  a growing number have , in recent years , become attracted to islam . 
  but even today , according to a 2011 study by ifop ,, 
  separate and unequal instead of welcoming immigrants as equals , german politicians dealt with the so-called turkish problem through a policy of multiculturalism . 
  germany 's road to multiculturalism was different from the united kingdom 's , although the starting point was the same . 
  like many countries in western europe , germany faced an immense labor shortage in the years following world war ii and actively recruited foreign workers . 
  unlike in the united kingdom , the new workers came not from former colonies but from the countries around the mediterranean : first from greece , italy , and spain , and then from turkey . 
  they also came not as immigrants , still less as potential citizens , but as so-called gastarbeiter ( guest workers ) , who were expected to return to their countries of origin when the german economy no longer required their services . 
  over time , however , these guests , the vast majority of them turks , went from being a temporary necessity to a permanent presence . 
  this was partly because germany continued to rely on their labor and partly because the immigrants , and more so their children , came to see germany as their home . 
  but the german state continued to treat them as outsiders and refuse them citizenship . 
  german citizenship was , until recently , based on the principle of jus sanguinis , by which one can acquire citizenship only if one 's parents were citizens . 
  the principle excluded from citizenship not just first-generation immigrants but also their german-born children . 
  in 1999 , a new nationality law made it easier for immigrants to acquire citizenship . 
  yet most turks remain outsiders . 
  out of the three million people of turkish origin in germany today , only some 800,000 have managed to acquire citizenship . 
  instead of welcoming immigrants as equals , german politicians dealt with the so-called turkish problem through a policy of multiculturalism . 
  beginning in the 1980s , the government encouraged turkish immigrants to preserve their own culture , language , and lifestyle . 
  the policy did not represent a respect for diversity so much as a convenient means of avoiding the issue of how to create a common , inclusive culture . 
  and its main consequence was the emergence of parallel communities . 
  first-generation immigrants were broadly secular , and those who were religious were rarely hard-line in their beliefs and practices . 
  today , almost one-third of adult turks in germany regularly attend mosque , a higher rate than among other turkish communities in western europe and even in many parts of turkey . 
  similarly , first-generation turkish women almost never wore headscarves ; now many, 
  race to the top whether contemporary europe really is more plural than it was in the nineteenth century remains subject to debate , but the fact that europeans perceive it to be more diverse is unquestionable . 
  this owes in large part to changes in how people define social differences . 
  a century and a half ago , class was a far more important frame for understanding social interactions . 
  however difficult it is to conceive of now , many at the time saw racial distinctions in terms of differences not in skin color but in class or social standing . 
  most nineteenth-century thinkers were concerned not with the strangers who crossed their countries ' borders but with those who inhabited the dark spaces within them . 
  one of the most prevalent myths in european politics is that governments adopted multicultural policies because minorities wanted to assert their differences . 
  over the past few decades , however , class has diminished in importance in europe , both as a political category and as a marker of social identity . 
  at the same time , culture has become an increasingly central medium through which people perceive social differences . 
  the shift reflects broader trends . 
  the ideological divides that characterized politics for much of the past 200 years have receded , and the old distinctions between left and right have become less meaningful . 
  as the working classes have lost economic and political power , labor organizations and collectivistic ideologies have declined . 
  the market , meanwhile , has expanded into almost every nook and cranny of social life . 
  and institutions that traditionally brought disparate individuals together , from trade unions to the church , have faded from public life . 
  as a result , europeans have begun to see themselves and their social affiliations in a different way . 
  increasingly , they define social solidarity not in political terms but rather in terms of ethnicity , culture , or faith . 
  and they are concerned less with determining the kind of society they want to create than with defining the community to which they belong . 
  these two matters are , of course , intimately related , and any sense of social identity must take both into account . 
  but as the ideological spectrum has narrowed and as the mechanisms for change have eroded , the politics of ideology have given way to the politics of identity . 
  it is against this background that europeans have come to view their homelands as particularly , even impossibly , diverse -- and have formulated ways of responding . 
  under my umbrella in describing contemporary european societies as exceptionally diverse , multiculturalism is clearly flawed . 
  what , then , of multiculturalism 's prescription for managing that supposed diversity ? 
  over the past three decades , many european nations have adopted multicultural policies , but they have done so in distinct ways . 
  comparing just two of these histories , that of the united kingdom and that of germany , and understanding what they have in common , reveals much about multiculturalism itself . 
  one of the most prevalent myths in european politics is that governments adopted multicultural policies because minorities wanted to assert their differences . 
  although questions about cultural assimilation have certainly engrossed political elites , they have not , until relatively recently , preoccupied immigrants themselves . 
  when large numbers of immigrants from the caribbean , india , and pakistan arrived in the united kingdom during the late 1940s and 1950s to fill labor shortages , british officials feared that they might undermine the country 's sense of identity . 
  as a government report warned in 1953 , `` a large coloured community as a noticeable feature of our social life would weaken .
