  you absolutely can shout `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theater , the government can not stop you from doing so . 
  you just ca n't expect that you wo n't be arrested after the fact . 
  the government sure as shit can restrain you prior to yelling `` fire '' in a theater if they have good reason to believe you 'll actually do it . 
  in fact the government can restrain you prior to doing anything illegal if they have good reason to think you 're about to do something illegal . 
  does n't matter because hardly anyone lives up to it anyway except for the us a few other allies . 
  that just reflects the fact that countries join nato because they want to be defended by the us , no one expects germany , or france , or the uk to come to the rescue . 
  now if the us conducted its defense spending the way other allies do , thats when you see shit hit the fan . 
  there 'll be some people that will come in and say thats exactly what they 'd like to see the us do but their governments typically know better . 
  there 's a reason despite popular opinion that the us is a warmongering state that no european country has asked the us to remove its bases . 
  the exception being france in 66 ' but that was because degaulle was a raging cunt and not because the us was seen at the time as being especially prone to war . 
  and that reason is they like being allied and close to the biggest kid on the block , sure they may point the finger and say shame on the americans sometimes . 
  but they want us , they need us . 
  how exactly ? 
  terrorism is not a threat to liberal values . 
  yes they killed many people but did they install a theocracy , did they overturn democracy , remove the freedom of speech , etc ? 
  not only can they not do that , that 's not even the goal . 
  people who talk about terrorists trying to undermine their values do n't understand the issue and vastly overstate how important it is . 
  consider this what if after a major terrorist attack a country did ... nothing . 
  would france fall ? 
  would it become an islamic emirate ? 
  doubt it . 
  terrorism is not a threat to national survival , do n't try to make it out to be . 
  i 'm not saying that there should be no response to terrorism only that it should n't be treated as if the response is necessary to save the very existence or nature of the country . 
  `` for those who want to talk a lot about world war ii , if it 's about occupation , then we could also talk about it ( muslim prayers in the streets ) , because that is occupation of territory . 
  ... it is an occupation of sections of the territory , of districts in which religious laws apply . 
  there are of course no tanks , there are no soldiers , but it is nevertheless an occupation and it weighs heavily on local residents '' ~ marine le pen , president of the national front, 
  i agree iraq was a major mistake but i was talking about air strikes in syria by britain , not a full blown invasion and occupation . 
  just because that one action outside unsc approval was a mistake doesnt mean all others that follow will be . 
  in fact i 'd argue that the `` normal process , '' if there such a thing , for determining whether or not to use military force should be occasionally violated by the us/europe . 
  why ? 
  precisely because of the veto powers of china/russia , if those two nations discovered that without unsc no western power would budge an inch they 'd run wild . 
  they 'd abuse the hell out of that veto power . 
  but by occasionally acting outside the lines we signal to them and the world that rules may be rules but if you mess too much with our interests things wo n't work out well . 
  thats a good deterrence against what could be more destructive wars than what we see in ukraine or syria do n't you think ? 
  welcome to reality , people have been operating outside the lines since the concept of lines was first created . 
  its easy to be smug and high minded when you do n't have to make tough decisions . 
  you know what would happen if hypothetically every decision was put before the unsc ? 
  china and russia would break the rules and as soon as you went before the unsc to punish them in some way they 'd veto the proposition . 
  so you 're either left with doing something outside the unsc or doing nothing . 
  the unsc has a role to play in world affairs but making every action contingent on its blessing would be foolish . 
  there 's a mountain of difference between ukraine and syria , true both may be outside the realm of international norms but to judge them as the same based on that one thing is dishonest . 
  its about signalling , china does n't care about montenegro but china does care about nato expansion . 
  by pointing out your dissatisfaction with montenegro joining you 're pointing out your dissatisfaction with any expansion . 
  and its important to china because nato 's mission is n't just north-atlantic and its top competitor is a nato member, 
  true but sometimes there are times you have to play outside the lines, 
  thats why russia just calls them all isis, 
  damn immigrates, 
  turkey lacks tact but what exactly do people here expect ? 
  do they think its fair to ask turkey to take on this burden alone ? 
  they want turkey to control both its borders facing syria and europe to stop one of the largest migrations since ww2 by itself ? 
  and then they want to get upset as turkey becomes more and more autocratic all while demanding that it control its citizens and passing migrants ? 
   o be fair , there are many fences on the us/mexico border , usually in populated/high-traffic areas , but there is not a single fence that runs the entire length , though many republicans would like to change that . 
  most illegal immigrates dont come to the us illegally . 
  they come through perfectly legal visas , travel permits , etc , and then dont leave when they expire, 
  one day poland could be for europe what germany should be today, 
   because thats the target here ; putin . 
  by ruining russia financially and showing them that life under putin sucks we can get rid of him or at least weaken him . 
  sanctions do n't result in regime change . 
   the us have done that hundreds of times , super power does this . 
  yeah thats not true . 
  first off german gdp peaked in 1944 , hardly representative of a country who 's industry has been smashed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_production_during_world_war_ii#gdp also i 'd love to see a source that says germany spent 50 % of its war industry on air defense in 44-45, 
  yeah it does ... life expectancy is just an average of how long you 'd expect an average citizen to live . 
  how they end up dying does n't affect it at all . 
  but i do agree there 's more than just life expectancy to determine if a healthcare system is efficent or not, 
  oh yeah `` they , they , they , they '' never mind who `` they '' exactly is . 
  also nevermind the fact that this guy is a comedian , if anyone actually believed any of that stuff he was saying they would n't be laughing at it . 
   the us need sa for their airbase and influence in the region . 
  we do n't have troops in saudi arabia or an airbase https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_withdrawal_from_saudi_arabia, 
  totally different situation . 
  ww2 was a total war , and nobody had the technology to avoid civilian deaths from air bombings anyway . 
  the fight against isis is not a total war , and we have the technology to mitigate and avoid civilian deaths much more than we did in the past . 
  why do you expect to get a product for free ? 
   the more people in a given market who have some skill , the higher the competition . 
  true in the immediate short term but it also creates opportunity to grow more business . 
  if the price of labor for individuals skilled in a particular job drops it may attract more investment in that sector as the price of doing business is cheaper for employers . 
  if that occurs it would grow the economy as a whole and perhaps eventually bring salaries back to where they were . 
  of course there 's lots of other factors at play and not every situation works out so well , but there is opportunity for growth even with a glut of labor . 
  i get why ukraine keeps providing electricity to crimea , i dont get why russia hasnt built its own infrastructure to provide electricity itself, 
   ukraine needs to reign in it 's far right terrorists depends on if they are coming from ukraine into crimea , if they are crimean locals its russia 's problem, 
   if i were russia , i 'd just let this whole thing die down and preferably never mention it myself . 
  maybe they figured they 're be less attention given to this guy being killed in a drive by than there would be to all the reports and speaking he 'd do ? 
  this terrorist attack has been great pr for russia , just like after 9/11 they decided to frame all their repression under the guise of `` anti-terrorism '' and people ate it up for years . 
   poverty , unemployment , purposelessness and alienation in many cases due to their rigid islamic beliefs . 
  describing every refugee as having rigid islamic beliefs and assuming their children will as well is pretty ignorant, 
   the kremlin will fuck shit up , egypt plane bombers are so screwed . 
  why is it when the us goes in to wreck some shit up its horrible , but when russia does it its cool ? 
  how is russia the good guy all of a sudden ? 
  this happened after 9/11 as well , russia , china , and lots of other countries quickly increased their official rhetoric regarding `` terrorism . '', 
  see something like that here http://content.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2093529,00.html people are afraid of terrorism , and they are willing to forgo a lot to win `` friends '' against it . 
  if they shared that much in common with isis they would n't be refugees in the first place . 
  its not the parents who pass down their radicalization to their kids . 
  for example the charlie hedbo shooters were orphaned and 10 and 12 , they were radicalized in prison , over the internet , later in yemen . 
  these attacks are going to turn into a debate about refugees , but the refugees arent the source of these terrorists . 
  now perhaps in 20-30 years the sons of these immigrants will be in a similar situation , and that 's something that needs to be addressed . 
  but its not related to the attacks happening now . 
  i love when people decide others should go fight and die in a war . 
  its like ... who are you to decide that for someone else ? 
  i do n't know why this is controversial , though no one uses the word `` blame '' except snowden 's defenders , thats just editorializing .
