  `` liberty '' is not a finite resource , `` life '' well if you include healthcare then yeah it would have some scarcity involved . 
  let me guess ? 
  white angry conservative male who thinks his country is too good for all the `` others '' out there ? 
  yikes you 're right , i posted the wrong chart . 
  but still you can see that if the us was n't there , europe would n't make up half of whats left . 
  hmm you 're right , but still just because a russian said it should n't be a reason to take it as truth or falsehood . 
  the fact that his flair is russian shouldnt be used to judge the validity of the statement . 
  there was an interesting article i read somewhere about how economic problems are often a source of strength for dictators , especially when that country is under some kind of economic sanctions ( does n't matter how big or small those sanctions are ) . 
  it gives them a ready way to blame their problems on other folks . 
  in fact some people have talked about how after iran 's sanctions are lifted as part of its deal it will actually result in more pressure from the people on the government because they 'll be expecting an economic windfall . 
  wish i could find it, 
  maybe the uk should do more to promote a better definition of the term, 
  yes , what do you think motivates all those posts about culturally different the migrants are ? 
  cultural difference has no bearing on economic issues , or security issues , or anything other than the discomfort people feel when they see someone `` not like them . '', 
  do n't believe me ? 
  what if i said i wanted to immigrate to hungary ? 
  i 'm educated , of working age , have lots of good work experience , i could do a lot of economic good for hungary and of course i 'd start learning hungarian right a way . 
  many people would still probably oppose it though , because i 'm still a foreigner at the end of the day . 
  `` europe '' is not a country , you ca n't arbitrarily combine its defense spending . 
  also thats not true anyway , the us is slightly more than half of all defense spending but russia/china/saudi arabia constitute about a quarter . 
  if you took the us out russia/china/saudi arabia would be about half of whats left , but europe is far from taking up the other half by itself . 
  hey i agree but there 's nothing in that article about `` some change '' its about preserving . 
  if someone today suggested we go back to our `` way of life '' 100 years ago they 'd be laugh and ridiculed , 100 years ago women did n't have the national right to vote , use of force was considered a perfectly valid foreign policy tool against your neighbor , ireland was still part of the uk . 
  in another 100 years people in the uk may still be sipping tea as they 've done forever . 
  but i 'm sure they 'll have a long list of things they 're glad changed that have made their `` way of life '' better . 
  i 'm not denying the us supports some syrian rebel groups with weapons . 
  i just pointed out that this poster 's `` source '' contains none of the information he says it does . 
  your `` way of life '' your `` cultural '' your `` national identity '' changes constantly . 
  you know look at 1915 , just a hundred years ago , sure the british enjoyed tea just as much as they do today but there 's no denying massive changes in all those things since then . 
  `` preserving '' is impossible . 
  some times life is n't fair and you have to deal with problems you did n't create . 
  and by did n't create i mean never ever got involved the wars in afghanistan , iraq , libya , mali , etc, 
  europe doesnt want to do anything themselves , they just want to sit on the side lines like they 're in a football match and yell what they think the actual players should do . 
  yes an error was made , and now until the end of the world the us can never make a comment about the actions of another country, 
  pre-ww1 represents a great time of european 's buying american inventions for use in warfare , barbed wire , the maxim gun ( technically created in europe but made by an american ), 
  poland resisted and no one had any hope they 'd hold out , why did n't you ? 
  but you know what , who cares . 
  anyone can look back through the history of any nation and find examples of anything . 
  why are you so butthurt about ? 
  do you think the annexation of that land has any meaning towards modern issues between your countries ? 
  you can still recognize the takeover as illegal and continue to officially consider the territory part of ukraine . 
  there 's literally nothing in that wikipedia page about us involvement with that group . 
  why again do you give the us credit for that ? 
  why does this post have so many upvotes ? 
  do posters even just upvote anything that rubs them the right way without verifying that its true ? 
  no its not , it uses data from that time period but its not specifically about that time period . 
  but none of that changes the fact that russia 's economy is terribly weak, 
  to 45 dollars today . 
  oil prices are n't up no matter how you cut it . 
  good thing the dutch never contributed to the iraq war right ? 
  but we should take in more refugees , but not from europe , from the camps in turkey , lebanon , and jordan . 
  europe does n't need relief from the refugees , those countries do . 
  the lines are blurred as much as we try to not support radical groups sometimes people switch sides or equipment is captured/sold/whatever . 
  russia has it easier because they 've just declared anyone not fighting for assad to be isis . 
  he 's saying that russia taxes its oil exports so heavily before they leave the country that 71 % of the cost for each unit of russian oil is tax . 
  he 's also saying that oil prices have been growing massively lately , which just plain is n't true . 
  do n't worry i 'm still just as unconcerned with their well being as ever, 
  it would n't be american education without a standardized test every few weeks . 
  what a joke, 
  send the bodies back to russia , dismantle the graves, 
  i think you mean ukrainian rebels found a secret stash of untouched ukrainian army in a magical bunker . 
  at least some people actually believe that, 
  well thats not entirely inaccurate for / r/europe , half the topics you see here about why someone else should do something to solve a problem in europe . 
  migrant crisis ? 
  the us , russia , turkey , and the gulf states should do x , y , z war in ukraine ? 
  not a big deal , place some token sanctions and now talk about removing them . 
  nato collective defense ? 
  eh about half of europe does n't want to get involved if an ally is attack . 
  most do n't hardly spend anything on defense anyway . 
  europe has this attitude among many of its citizens that can just ignore the rest of the world and be ignored in return . 
  they 've got cozy little lives and do n't like being disturbed, 
  i was just curious , i guess thats frowned on around here, 
  maybe not , he still wants to at least deny his direct involvement and there are some grumblings at home about all these soldiers dying in `` training '' or on secret missions . 
  taking the rest of the territory may involve a level of commitment he 's not ready for yet . 
  or it could be that he achieved the exact goal he set out to achieve . 
  its the daily mirror dude , im not even sure why the mods allow tabloid articles posted, 
  actually more like tl ; dr : russia 's economy is tiny compared to the united states , if it tries to out muscle the us on economic terms it will end up bankrupt . 
  which is true , but i do n't think it really describes the russian strategy anyway because putin is obviously aware of that fact . 
  you could just shrug at it and move on or throw a fit like this guy here, 
  you know its not that their opinion is that assad presents a better chance to resolve the conflict that bothers me . 
  opinions can differ thats only natural . 
  what bothers me is that all the putin cheerleaders refuse to do any of this work themselves , they want putin to do all the bombing , or iran to provide the troops . 
  their argument is `` this is a solution that will work , but we are n't going to contribute anything to it . '', 
  we wo n't send our own planes , or our own troops , we 're just going to stand by and demand others solve these problems in ways that are good to us . 
  well the donetsk and luhansk breakaway governments only control a fraction of the territory they claim . 
  if putin were to annex them now it would place him in a situation of having claims on ukrainian territory he does n't control , which would prompt him to attack formally or back down . 
  i do n't think he wants to do either so for now annexation is off the table . 
  where are / r/europe 's putin cheerleaders ? 
  its because natural resource exports can be more easily controlled directly by the state, 
  yeah but he kept people from escaping to europe , thats the most important thing after all right ? 
  is it pronounced `` ray-yak-o'vich ? '', 
  dude people leave even the safe areas of syria , because they dont want to be conscripted into assad 's army or they are tired of the break down in quality of living . 
  you do n't seem to understand whats happening there at all . 
  you act as if assad 's forces never commit any sort of crime against their own people, 
  keep in mind that people flee the places where assad is in charge too , blaming only isis and the rebels for refugees is very dishonest . 
  also i think its very wishful to think russia can solve the whole crisis with a few bombs and planes, 
   even if they killed civilians stabilizing syria so the people can return to their homes takes priority . 
  wow . 
  be careful what you endorse , its going to take more than a few civilian deaths to stabilize syria, 
  pics or it did n't happen,
