  whats so fantastical about parking a boat on a trailer on a street ? 
  [ here 's a picture of a street in libya ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/57264000/jpg/_57264892_jex_1261237_de27-1.jpg ) now picture one of those cars parked there is not actually a car but a boat on a trailer !, 
  you need to be more clever than that , what if i 'm a smuggler and i decide to park my boat in a crowded street or neighborhood ? 
  how exactly are you going to drop a bomb on it without killing a bunch of bystanders ? 
  i took your comment about rescuing as enabling to mean there should be no more rescuing , which would by default would mean lots of drowning . 
  also i do n't think you 're going to have much luck blowing up every vessel docked in north africa, 
  if you 're in favor of letting them drown in the med why not just start machine gunning boats ? 
  it sounds sick but think about it , it will be the ultimate deterrent to these people , not only will you not be rescued from the rickety boat you boarded but you 'll be outright killed at sea if you 're found . 
  it would be messy at first but people would quickly get the idea . 
  i mean the only difference between this and letting them drown is killing them through in action vs killing them through action , and is that really such a big difference at all ? 
  do n't be so cynical there 's nothing `` sacrificial '' about this deployment . 
  yes its true if the full strength of the russian army were to storm across the entire length of ukraine and romania and drive into bulgaria tomorrow these guys would n't be able to stop it . 
  but that 's an impossibility , and i do n't mean its an impossibility in that putin would never do it ( though he would n't ) i mean its impossible for an army to cover that much distance that fast . 
  what these guys are there to do is , in part , to demonstrate to russia that its actions result in a response from the us . 
  if russia were to escalate its actions the response will escalate as well , so by the time the situation escalates to full blown war there 's a sizable amount of troops present . 
  full blown wars do n't just occur overnight , its not as if these guys are living under the constant threat of a russian invasion . 
  things escalate to war and there 's no reason to assume we would n't reinforce this position if things continue to escalate, 
  do n't feel too bad , that equipment is there for when the soldiers come . 
  we 've learned in our many military trips to europe its easier if we just store the equipment there and fly in the troops in to use it whenever its needed . 
  in this context i mean doing their duty regarding immigration, 
  buy some guns http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11420627/german-army-used-broomsticks-instead-of-guns-during-training.html, 
  this guy gets it . 
  `` we do n't have the resources to help immigrants '', 
  who 's going to pay for this network , perhaps the anti-austerity governments could chip in they must have some extra cash laying around right ? 
  its easier to blame others than yourself . 
  why should you respect the opinion of a government that ca n't , or wo n't , control its own borders ? 
  i 've never got this mentality so many europeans seem to have that their country is too weak , too poor , is n't capable , etc , to do what tough thing needs to be done . 
  set up , do n't back down . 
  still belgium is unfortunately placed geographically , wedged between france , germany , britain . 
  finland is a little more out of the way and remaining neutral would work better for them , no one is going to invade finland just because they want to get to someone else . 
  damn there 's a lot of hate for america in this thread . 
  whats the argument exactly ? 
  the us created this problem by misusing its military power ? 
  so the solution is you guys want more us military power in europe ? 
  i find your lack of faith disturbing, 
  most guns used in crimes in mexico come from american gun stores, 
  people trying to equate this to russia 's recent actions ? 
  wow . 
  scared him into another language, 
  oh no 6 months in british jail , gosh do n't want to risk that better go back to fucking syria, 
  in an area where its illegal to own one and the only option is an illegal market , then yes, 
  yes i remember when the us collapsed after boat loads of dirty europeans came to our shores . 
  people were talking about how the catholics would overthrow our government and install papist dictatorships . 
  europe is not going to collapse due to this wave of immigration, 
  well you know there is no libyan coast guard right ? 
  so you 're basically just saying let them drown in the med , do n't try to pretend otherwise, 
  it would depend on a lot of things , but you would n't be left to drown in the atlantic, 
  i think europe could hold themselves to a higher standard than the uae or saudi arabia right ? 
  oh i never said that europe should not control its borders , i just do n't think doing so needs to require letting people drown in the ocean . 
  they do n't enjoy the same legal protections , like protections from price gouging , that you do in sweden . 
  let them die in the med right ? 
  but alexander was macedon ^ ducks ... 
  the one with the mass executions that eventually resulted in dictatorship led by a guy who tried to conquer europe ? 
  surely there 's something better for france . 
  there 's nothing whatsoever in this article about far right parties or european politics . 
  even combined there are military capabilities which the us has that are beyond the eu . 
  things like the strategic bombers , of which the eu has none , or aircraft carriers where france possess the only one with an angled deck compared to the us 's 10 full sized carriers . 
  a united eu military would be able to work with the us on a more equal level , but it would not be a truly equal level . 
  that 's not to say the eu lacks the capability to improve its military forces , it just needs the will to do so . 
  the ussr spent a massive amount of effort convincing its citizens that all their problems were due to the influences of foreign enemies , that attitude has carried over to the current russian state . 
  the current government found it easy to continue that policy . 
  it utilizes and encourages the mindset that russia is `` under siege '' from the outside and being undermined from within by portraying as a threat through the state run media . 
  nato , homosexuals , america , the west , all of it are threats to russia , its classic dictatorship deflection . 
  it produces a kind of doublethink where true believers of this narrative simultaneously believe that russia is on the verge of collapse ( be ever vigilant comrade the enemy is closer than you think ) and on the verge of global domination ( keep working hard , believe in the motherland , and soon all these hard times will be over . ), 
  is there still sentiment in serbia that croats are a kind of `` wayward serbs ? '', 
  i look forward to adding my double american flair, 
  its really quiet incredible that these separatists were able to find so many mutations stores in the small amount of territory they control . 
  its been what almost 18 months now ? 
  so when are the europeans going to do anything about this incident ? 
  hold public inquires ? 
  impose more sanctions ? 
  western poland used to be eastern poland https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/border_changes_in_history_of_poland.png/380px-border_changes_in_history_of_poland.png, 
  you should be pm , you guys need someone who can understand basic economics . 
  ^ i ^ couldnt ^ help ^ myself, 
  you mean the breakaway russian provinces ? 
  goodness knows nobody had a reason to leave those places before american troops arrived there, 
  so what ? 
  that has no bearing whatsoever on how these people are treated once they are in austria . 
  the dublin regulation allows an eu member state to return a refugee applying for asylum to the state he first transited . 
  however nothing allows you to treat refugees you are currently processing the way amnesty international is accusing austria of doing . 
  here 's another map showing where austria is politically http://mapsof.net/uploads/static-maps/european_union_map.jpg, 
  how do you define `` need to immigrate ? '', 
  a lot of these people do n't strictly `` need '' to immigrate as in they are n't fleeing for their lives . 
  and as long as economic differences remain , even if the degree of that difference is drastically reduced , there will be people who will feel the `` need '' to immigrate to make a better life for themselves economically . 
  this is a valid point . 
  if you 're fine with letting someone die through inaction as a means of dissuading them from coming , would n't machine gunning their boats be even more dissuading ? 
  either way you 're going to end up with a bunch of bodies in the med , why do n't go all the way and solve the problem ? 
  of course at the start it will be a bloody affair , lots of people to fill with bullet holes , but quickly migrants will get the idea and stop trying to come ? 
  it will solve the problem and probably cost less lives in the long run since , again , people will stop trying to come across . 
  so why not huh ? 
  you think the crops you eat today always grew like that ? 
  you think wheat always looked like this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wheat that shit was selectively breed , and thus genetically modified , over thousands of years . 
  gm technology today is the same thing , its just faster and has more options, 
  you have let them though ... 
  you 'll have forgotten her by tomorrow, 
   not spending away like alcoholics in a drunken stupor you know i clearly said `` im not saying go on debt fueled spending spree '' and i did n't give any suggestion that i thought germany 's current policy was `` extremist . '', 
  if you want to argue against your own strawman do it in front of a mirror, 
  absolutely , but everything in moderation right ? 
  being so risk adverse that your bonds yield negative revenue is being way too cautious you 're giving up the opportunity to make investments very cheaply .
