  i think its absolutely insane people can think an economy , even one the size of the uk ( or even just england alone in the future ) has enough clout to force the eu to bend to its will . 
  what a joke . 
  germany does n't everything it wants from the eu and it has an even bigger economy . 
  you guys are delusional and likely just bought yourselves a decade or more of recession and low growth, 
  policing religion , christ, 
  do n't convert any currency you dont absolutely need , it wo n't be worth as much when you want to convert it back, 
  oh do n't worry its only temporary everything will be better tomorrow even though the situation wo n't have changed at all, 
  yeah form your own trade deals with your major trading partners , in the eu , who will insist on you meeting eu standards . 
  or do you plan on this economic boom coming without trade from europe ? 
  i thought this whole thing was about making great britain independent and sovereign again , not breaking it apart . 
  but either way breaking apart like that is going to do massive damage to your economy . 
  i do n't know if being a mutlicultural union had anything to do with it , but if it did thats not a good precedent for the uk . 
  you know the united kingdom full of english , scots , welsh , irish , etc its gon na be little england all by itself in a few years at this rate , i wonder if you 'll pause for a moment when they take the union jack down from the houses of parliament, 
  well if you think 1.20 is forever ok then, 
  anyone else think this is not just a leave-the-eu vote but also a `` break up the uk vote ? '', 
  wonder how many submissions we 'll see on / r/europe about how all the rising prices over the next few weeks is the eu punishing britain, 
  a few decades ago the 2nd largest economy on the planet failed , being big has no bearing on whether or not one can fail, 
  no one is , in fact / u/rather _ unfortunate specifically said `` very well be facing the pound at $ 1.20 or less by the end of tomorrow if we vote leave . '', 
  thats not extrapolating forever thats extrapolating to a specific point , $ 1.20 . 
  perhaps its you who 've missed the point, 
  it will absolutely be the cause of another referendum, 
  that would be insightful if daily temperature change and currency fluctuations were at all related . 
  hey i 've got one `` hey your car is starting to run out of gas '' `` look dude it was cold last night and now its warm today ok ? '', 
  yes failing , on its way to failed, 
  looking at the british currency and stock market it looks like the uk is already failing because of leave before the votes are even completely counted, 
  all the pounds in your wallet and bank are now worth 5 % less than they were yesterday edit : a word edit2 : if you wanted to buy something thats imported from another country i 'd do it now before they change the price, 
  oh do n't worry they are going to be rushing to leave if leave wins , it 'll be little england surrounded by a sea of eu members . 
  fly the red cross , its all you 'll have left by the end of it, 
  holy shit look at that currency drop, 
  so when is the scottish independence referendum happening ? 
  damn votes not even over and leave is doing wonders for the currency and stock market , feeling richer now boys ? 
  hey but cheer up you wo n't have to give any of your monopoly money to the eu once the terms of exit are negotiated . 
  hey lets start a new betting pool , how much purchasing power and wealth will the average britain have lost by tomorrow morning ? 
  absolutely . 
  a leave vote could potentially break up the uk , leaving england/wales by itself , in a few years depending on what comes after the vote . 
  leave may be a lot of nationalists but they could wind up destroying the nation, 
   right , we were n't even a country then . 
  not worth liberating . 
  are you complaining that no one went to war to liberate poland after its final partition ? 
  damn talk about arrogance, 
  every time someone says occitania a frenchmen spits out his whine, 
  speaking of breaking up britain a leave vote could easily trigger another scotland independence referendum which will pass . 
  god knows about whales and north ireland . 
  `` britain '' could find itself as england surrounded by countries of a trading bloc to which it no longer belongs but must adhere to all regulations regarding trade edit : yeah ` whales ' you heard me, 
  i agree these things should be factors but i also think that any methodology which finds itself placing the dprk and the us on equal terms for international and domestic conflict may need to be reworked . 
  heck i can see why so many indexes include north korea entirely not only is there a lot of data but how do you measure something like `` crime '' in north korea ? 
  you ca n't really go by the state definition since practically everything is a crime and their legal process is non-existent you 've also got to wonder about the comparison between other countries . 
  italy scores the same as china , which are both at 2.0 or 2.1 . 
  thats also only 20 % less than the us and north korea . 
  i mean is this what we are saying ? 
  italy 's society is only 20 % less militarized than north korea 's ? 
  i think the way they weigh all these factors may need to be re examined, 
  one of these players needs to take off their jersey and simply refuse to play for such fans, 
  so why does the dprk have a higher score ( meaning worse ) for international and domestic conflict ... perhaps the methodology is n't so sound if the country that has n't gone to war has a worse rating for going to war than the country which does, 
  thats intelligent , take someone 's reasonable criticism and accuse them of simply being an upset his country is n't ranked the best, 
  so why are we tied with north korea ? 
  what 's been similar about us policy and north korean policy that could produce that kind of rank ? 
  hell we 're only 1.2 / 5 ahead of germany , how is germany only 20 % ~ less militarized than the usa ? 
  what accounts for that ? 
  these rankings frankly make no sense whatsoever, 
  if you say so . 
  still does n't explain why we 'd be tied with north korea , or even why north korea would be slightly ahead, 
  usa is 103 out of 163 it has a militarization score of 3 , compared to fucking north korea with a score of 3.1 . 
  what kind of data produced that result ? 
  just because a country is heavily armed does n't mean its not peaceful , i think peacefulness should be measured more by the lack of conflict not the potential for conflict . 
  using these methods if two states entered no wars over a ten year period the one with the higher amounts of military spending would be called `` less peaceful '' even though as far as military use goes they are equal i also do n't like how these peace indexes include things as diverse as military spending and domestic crime . 
  i feel like those two should be separated into different categories not lumped together to give one score . 
  the only thing putin dreams of is being in power . 
  for putin its always better to be the head of a mouse than the tail of a lion . 
  so no putin would never submit to any kind of trade zone agreement involving anything other than small countries he can bully around , that means no china or western europe . 
   rich coming from a pole this is what i love about / r/europe , everyone constantly talks to each other as a stereotypical representation of whatever nation 's flag is in their flair . 
  i 'm guilty of this as well . 
  the divisiveness over the most petty of things can be so entertaining . 
  oh and here i thought it was just serbia 's natural inclination to support expansionist powers, 
  well ... it would n't a `` random '' army . 
  eh i 'd disagree . 
  sure russia could blow up the planet but its military , unlike the usa , does n't have as wide a range of options regarding the use of force . 
  by which i mean it ca n't operate along the spectrum of conflict on a global scale the way the usa can . 
  http://ndupress.ndu.edu/portals/68/images/jfq/jfq-75/torruella-figure1.jpg this is an american doctrine but i think its a good way to get a simple look at the different types of scenarios a military ( any military ) could find itself in . 
  the goal of the us to be superior at all these levels . 
  now russia could certainly flex a lot of power in a scenario of nuclear war , and since both the us and russia are literal capable of destroying anything on the earth with a nuclear weapon we can say their power is equal here . 
  however if you look down the spectrum of conflict to things like conventional conflicts or international war then the usa has a clear advantage over russia especially if it came to fighting a war far from its borders . 
   i expect everybody to respect my country 's sovereignity . 
  you want to cross it with a military force , you ask permission . 
  we 're asking permission to do it without always having to ask permission, 
  do n't let this fool you , our inequality is much higher than europe . 
  our per capita may be high but a lot of this has to do with ultra wealthy distorting the averages, 
  come on serbia , its time to unhitch your wagon from the lada . 
  where else do you expand but outside one 's borders ? 
  we all have to sacrifice to be ready for the nato invasion, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mizpp-wyjcm&amp;feature=youtu.be look at this gameplay , nothing about this game is realistic in the least . 
  if it had the french or if it had verdun most of you people would still be whining that it was n't portrayed accurately, 
  go cry over a map, 
  historically that would be silly , but perhaps the film makers would n't be attempting to make a purely historical film . 
  either way ask me if i 'd get upset about it . 
  hey come on man do n't be like that, 
   it 's definitely purposeful . 
  its purposeful so they have stuff to add with dlcs , not because they are trying to subversively rewrite history, 
  excuse me , published by an american company, 
  holy god its a video game .
