  water flows from the baltic to the north atlantic but if you prevent any backwash or mixing with the ocean with your dam you 'd eventually have a massive fresh water lake instead of a salty ocean . 
  its just crazy enough to be completely insane, 
  this is the first time you 've used the word `` illegality '' you should have started with it if thats what you were talking about and saved us all some time, 
  you 've got nothing to worry about , our air force is the best in the world . 
  in 24 hours we can drop a potato down every chimney and smokestack in the entire country, 
   this is just some random training exercise what has nothing to do with russia . 
  what is it about latvia ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  if what the us did in iraq was no different than what the russians did in chechnya surely you could show us the skeletal remains of baghdad , or any other city the us engaged in combat in . 
  heck even the body counts are comparable if you adjust for population . 
  iraq for example has a population 30 times as high as chechnya but the iraq war only resulted in 3 times as many causalities , including from incidents sectarian violence where the us was n't a participant , as the second chenchen war . 
   but the independent chechen state quickly becomes the islamic state with slave markets in the city center and jihadist from over the world . 
  +33 is this / r/europe ? 
   what 's the difference in the way america acted in iraq and russia in chechnya ? 
  can you show us a picture of baghdad that looks like grozny ? 
  its not , this is nothing like the cold war . 
  the ussr acted out of strength at the start of the cold war , here russia is just acting out of weakness . 
  if the eu 's defense structures were as strong as nato 's then europe would be just fine by itself in the event of a russian attack against an eu member . 
  but the eu is not that united on defense , and it likely wo n't be for a long time, 
  its about the trip-wire http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21701515-ageing-alliance-hopes-russia-will-get-message-it-serious-trip-wire-deterrence basically the same strategy the us used during the cold war in germany . 
  the soldiers we had stationed there were n't going to stop the russian army from advancing , but if they were to advance they 'd kill enough americans that there would be no doubt we 'd have to respond . 
  it deterred them and helped our allies feel secure . 
  this is the same idea , nato places soldiers in these countries , not enough to actually stop a russian attack or seriously be considered part of a build-up for an offensive attack . 
  russians will claims its such a build-up but that 's just for domestic audiences the actual decision makers know its not . 
  so if russia attacks it will inevitably kill or place into harms way soldiers from other nato countries thus forcing a response by those countries . 
  germany has done pretty well listening to experts . 
  proof is in the results, 
  quality burn, 
  go back to russia, 
  ever noticed how its always the weakest guy who tries to talk the most shit ? 
  next thing you know russia is going to be tweeting out while eastern europe developed capitalist societies they studied the blade, 
  better answer than i expected honestly, 
  thats true i botched my comment , i was talking about one thing and used the wrong words, 
  something could change by then , but then again something could not, 
   the polish one did a number on czechoslovakia , it certainly did n't prevent this 801.5 km \u00b2 of annexed territory yup thats definitely comparable to the mr pact , justifies it too i 'm guessing right ? 
  you 'd think thousands of years of history would have shown europeans that they are n't gon na solve any its problems or provide for its people via nationalism . 
   then why would putin want media attention while they were already on slippery ice ? 
  you assume it was deliberate, 
  its looking like the attack on the aid convoy has prompted this back and force , lets hope its not something that prevents any attempt at future agreements but who knows . 
  for the record russia has claimed the convoy was destroy after one of the trucks caught on fire for an unknown reason, 
   i still do n't know why . 
  oil . 
  its the easiest relationship to understand in international politics . 
  the modern world is built on oil driven economies, 
  is it ? 
  he does n't seem to have made a divisive difference and now he 's invested with the only choices of either to escalate or to back down, 
  ** grand talk of a `` defence union '' risks exposing europe 's weakness ** the idea of a european army is as old as the hope for european unity . 
  after creating the european coal and steel community , the embryo of today 's european union , the six founding members agreed in 1952 to form a supranational european force . 
  but the plan was voted down by the french parliament ; thereafter countries focused on gradual economic integration . 
  now that the eu is in trouble and britain has voted to leave , the idea of military integration is being revived ( see article ) . 
  some countries talk of a `` european defence union '' . 
  others , evoking the `` schengen '' passport-free travel area , envisage a `` schengen for defence '' . 
  eurocrats want to show there is life in the eu after brexit : with the british gone , they say , the biggest obstacle to defence integration will be gone , too . 
  france , left as the unrivalled eu military power , delights in the chance to reclaim leadership from germany . 
  the danger is not that such big talk will threaten nato , as some fear , but that it will come to nothing and expose europe 's weakness . 
  that would aggravate two big threats to its security : bullying by an emboldened russia and abandonment by an exasperated america . 
  ** eu and whose army ? 
  ** europeans have every reason to do more . 
  russia is a growing menace , and the transatlantic alliance is fraying . 
  american isolationism , were donald trump to be elected president , could wreck nato ; hillary clinton would like europeans to do more . 
  why should america , with a smaller population and economy than the eu , keep underwriting europe 's security ? 
  only four of its 25 european allies -- britain , estonia , greece and poland -- meet the minimum standard of spending 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  and europeans waste much of their money on mostly useless toy armies , navies and air forces . 
  any serious european policy must start from the fact that europeans have to spend more on defence . 
  and they should share critical equipment . 
  not even the biggest eu powers can do it all alone , as britain and france discovered in libya in 2011 . 
  the eu can add value . 
  many modern-day threats -- from terrorism to energy blackmail and cyber-security -- are best dealt with by civilian bodies . 
  the eu is better placed than nato to muster these . 
  in afghanistan , iraq and other places , the generals have learnt that soldiers alone can not fix broken countries ; they are the first to plead for the aid and state-building advice that the eu can offer . 
  the eu can also provide a stepping-stone for neutral nordic countries , sweden and finland , to be more involved in the defence of vulnerable baltic states and ultimately join nato . 
  and the european commission can put up money for defence research ; as with its monitoring of deficits , it can scrutinise national defence budgets . 
  the risk is that , in their desire to show quick results , european leaders will seize only on the symbols of military integration and not the substance . 
  one obsession is a separate headquarters for eu operations . 
  this is a waste : nato and eu states already have lots of headquarters . 
  but it would be churlish for britain , as it negotiates its new ties with the eu , to block the idea ; and the eu should still aim for close defence co-operation with britain . 
  the eu 's military ambitions need not displace nato : they will remain puny compared with america 's heft . 
  a franco-german defence paper talks vainly of `` strategic autonomy '' . 
  but there is nothing less autonomous than armies that can not move , fight or even see the enemy without american help . 
  the europeans need transport planes , air-refuelling tankers , helicopters , drones , satellites , field hospitals and much else . 
  it does not matter whether these are acquired in the name of nato or the eu . 
  military forces are national : the stronger they are , the stronger will be both the eu and nato . 
  quickly , downvote the story so no one can see it !, 
  why are you asking me you guys are the europeans, 
  talks about how estonia will be secure within the warm embrace of mother russia, 
  hey you ca n't say that its insulting, 
  delicate sensitivities, 
  faroe islands ? 
  do you have to comment on reddit through the mail ? 
   i hate globalisation . 
  i would like every country to feel distinct , not look like a fucking melting pot . 
  why not break up the country and go back to the city states ? 
  those were very distinct , you could do the whole peloponnesian war thing again, 
  still do n't want more islamic culture added to the mix . 
  you 're about 1300 years too late, 
  was / r/whales taken ? 
  russia going all sputnik is pretty shitty but maybe it 'll be nice to be the guy everyone loves in europe again, 
   do downvoters prefer the rumor based they prefer whatever fits their narratives , a lot of commentators on / r/europe have really proved just how fragile and weak they are . 
  i mean for god 's sake they are actually claiming to be threatened by a woman dressing modestly at a beach .
