  its not exactly a huge feat to predict that if birth rates continue as they have been for the past 30 years there will one day be no more hungarians if they do n't start having more babies at some point, 
  that 's right , thats why i did n't suggest it as a solution . 
  congrats you defeated your own straw man, 
  but did this guy steal his neighbor 's car ? 
  does democracy breed hungarians to replace those who die every year ? 
  does democracy stabilize population growth ? 
  wow i had no idea . 
  yes hungary can do what it wants via democracy , but it also has to deal with the consequences of those decisions . 
  and a consequence of low birth rate in a welfare state dependent on labor to pay for that welfare is that they are going to find it harder and harder to pay for that welfare as their net recipients begin to out weigh their net givers, 
  i was talking about hungary not germany but germany is a good example as well seeing how even with all their immigration their population has dropped 2 million in the last ten years . 
  hungary 's population peaked in the 80s , and their own government estimates predict that by 2060 over half their population will be 55 or older . 
  thats not a sustainable trend, 
  i 've seriously got to ask with all the nationalism that goes on in this sub , why are n't people more concerned with the unsustainable low birth rate ? 
  i mean in a 100-150 years hungary is going to either be a ghost country or its going have imported a lot of labor . 
  in other words its not going to be same lovely magyardom . 
  i 'm sick of rich people talking about entitled some of the world 's poorest are, 
  ohhh really ? 
  so the iranian revolution was a western action ? 
  the 1963 syrian coup was a western action ? 
  or the 1968 iraqi coup ? 
  now things like the invasion of iraq in 2003 or the intervention in libya are the actions of western states , but there 's a lot that goes on there which does n't involve the west, 
  you know who fucked up the middle east more than anyone ? 
  the middle east . 
  i 'm so sick of this attitude people have that the west rules the world , whatever happens good or bad is because of something we did . 
  shit like the arab spring , revolutions against dictators , terrorism , that sort of stuff sometimes happens without much outside intervention, 
  since this topic was about croatia i was only referring to the result of serb policies . 
  that 's not to say i 'm not aware or do n't recognize the autracities committed against serbs as well , i absolutely do . 
  croat refugees wound up all over europe , some even in the us . 
  when hundreds of thousands of hungarians fled the russians in 1956 they ended up all the over the place too . 
  heck you 'd be hard pressed to find a refugee crisis where every refugee went to a neighboring country and nowhere else . 
  i do agree the eu needs to come together much more on this and assist its southern members in a much bigger way, 
  the guy has traveled half the distance of asia , he 's living in a tent , who knows what else he 's got going on . 
  are you really going to judge him for wanting to go to the place he thinks will give him the best quality of life ? 
  croatia deserves much more help form the eu absolutely , but no the fact that 's there 's bad applies in the bunch does n't relieve anyone of the requirement to aid genuine refugees, 
  no one forced them problem on europe , its a function of a lot of different factors . 
  you might as well be looking for someone to blame for why you got wet during a rain storm . 
  stop whining and deal with the problem . 
  its a shame the eu is n't offering more support thats true , little croatia is n't equipped to handle all of this on its own . 
  that time the serbs drove a couple hundred thousand croats out of their homes and country , many of whom have still yet to return, 
  i 'm just saying if you were a newly independent nation would n't you at least want to go through the formality of signing the treaty as a sovereign state before it `` officially '' applied to you . 
  after all thats one of the big points of being independent to say what treaties you 'll be a party to and which you wo n't be . 
  i 'd almost take it as an insult if other nations around me started demanding i follow the text of a treaty i had n't technically signed yet, 
  exactly why europe needs to take a bigger role its beyond turkey to handle by itself but even if it were n't it would be wrong to expect turkey to do all the heavy lifting, 
  you 'd think the croats would be a little more sympathetic towards refugees given their history, 
  interesting . 
  well that seems baseless , they are expelling themselves after all, 
  why would you assume that a country would be party to dozens of treaties the first day of its independence ? 
  and if you were that country why would you want that assumption made ? 
  i 'm guessing though that these countries would quickly apply for and be accepted by the eu especially if they left their mother country on decent terms . 
  going by the article this man is clearly a refugee , how is it acceptable to punt him back to serbia ? 
  and do n't start with any of that crap about how once he left iraq/syria he was no longer in danger and is thus an economic migrant . 
  in almost no disaporas , refugee movements , etc have all those fleeing war ended up in the same country . 
  expecting that to be the case here is dishonest and it goes against europe 's previous experience with these kind of events . 
  take the example of hungarians who fled the russians in 1956 , hundred of thousands of them . 
  for most their first stop was austria , but most did not stay there they went to other european countries or even the us . 
  now people expect turkey/lebanon/etc to take in everyone , some even claim they can support the refugees there and even take some from those camps directly . 
  again , it goes against europe 's past history of handling these events , but more importantly those camps are under equiped to handle it . 
  refugees in lebanon camps are having their daily food allowance cut due to shortages , so no europe/us/world is n't doing enough even for the people in the camps, 
  in an alternate timeline : `` good to see how despite decades of corruption and little investigation anywhere else the yanks are n't doing anything . 
  thanks america ! '', 
  you can never win, 
  here 's what i 'm saying . 
  anyone could possibly get into europe with a fake passport , anyone could possibly be using one because they are a terrorist . 
  the threat of false documents is present everywhere to everyone its not as if only syria is having its passports forge . 
  maybe you have a fake passport , its possible right how am i supposed to know ? 
  careful checking is warranted of course but keep in mind that its just as possible to fake a syrian passport as it is a french , german , dutch one , etc. 
  so if you think its warranted to keep out those with syrian passports then its just as warranted to keep out those who have european passports . 
  in other words since the risk of a passport being fake is basically the same for any country , therefore whatever security measure is put in place to mitigate that risk is warranted for all countries ' passports, 
  so now what ? 
  whats the next part of this brilliant plan ? 
  http://www.unhcr.org/453c7adb2.html we took about 40,000 . 
  guess we should have thrown them back to the russians right ? 
  i ca n't believe how much delight there is in this topic . 
  you people are sick . 
  what kind of asshole takes delight in making others suffer ? 
  hungary should remember its history and feel disgraced it does n't offer the same help that was offered to it during a bad time in its history, 
  i love these kind of stories , no one ever points out that the exact same thing applies to literally everyone . 
  yeah a jihadist could buy a fake passport , but so could literally anyone else , you could do it , i could do it , anyone you see on the street could do it !, 
  is anyone freaking out at everyone they pass because they `` could be '' a jihadist with a fake passport . 
  do you freak out because that guy 's suitcase `` could be '' a bomb ? 
  why not . 
  it could be . 
  maybe that guy with a french passport had it faked for a 1000ish euros , it could be possible you never know !!!, 
  paranoia does n't serve anyone well, 
  i 've got plenty of criticism for my own country do n't worry, 
  who could have seen this coming ? 
  and its a shame they were n't thrown back into the loving arms of the russians it seems . 
  you know in the 90s hungary took in tens of thousands of balkan refugees , somehow they managed to pay for it despite their economy being a third of what it is today . 
  if you actually pulled that off what it should be called is genocide . 
  so what is getting in the way of developers , investors , and other folks from building new apartment complexes , homes , etc , and getting a piece of this nice money stream ? 
  i know that waitlists can be for months in some places , so with such a massive demand why is there no more supply ? 
  whats getting the way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure its the government, 
  sweden 's housing shortage is a thing of its own creation , perhaps if you loosened the rent controls that make prices so low few people want to lease there 'd be a bigger supply, 
  suppose it does work its walls all the way from serbia , to macedonia , to greece , to turkey , till we 've just built a wall around syria itself ? 
  then what ? 
  well i suppose you 've literally locked millions in a war zone to suffer and die , does n't sound very in line with european values, 
  people complaining about migrants not assimilating , also complaining when people treat them like humans . 
  seems we should have closed our borders in 1945 and 1956 to these folks . 
  itt / r/europe wonders why turkey does n't handle the refugee crisis for them,
