  anyway its not surprising that if you leak a bunch of methods on how the us gov ' t collects digital data , even if its only related to operations in the us , that enemies will change tactics, 
  bavaria is always a tough hurdle when you 're trying to unite germany as prussia, 
  shit like this is unbelievable, 
  i thought this was the great wall before i read the title, 
  i think its because a lot of people do n't see a difference between citizens/residents whether first or second generation , recent migrates , and other differences within the wider muslim population . 
  thats ironically one of the reason integration is so difficult , now watch as someone attacks me for saying thats the * only * reason integration is difficult despite me not saying that . 
   wait are you talking since the dawn of time ? 
  i did n't realize the 1990s were too old to be considered relevant anymore . 
  i do n't know what accounts for the difference between germany and france , maybe its the ethnic background of its muslim population maybe something else . 
  i just wanted to point out its more than about having a muslim population , thats it . 
  one simple point . 
   up until 2012 , france was n't the victim of terrorist attacks well thats just wrong https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_france now not all of those are attacks linked to an islamic group but many are compare to germany https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_germany far less attacks committed by islamic groups and many of those attacks were n't even targeting germans . 
  thats what i was talking about when i said germany has n't been the victim of islamic attacks the way france has . 
  both countries have sizable muslim populations , so there must be some other factor ( s ) explaining this beyond the simple presense of muslims, 
  yeah they spent time overseas but they are still residents of france , uk , etc thats my point . 
  ok switzerland banned minarets i was talking about population not minarets so you 're a little off topic , but since we 're talking about it now are you suggesting that minarets are tied to terrorism ? 
  as in the less minarets you have the less terrorism you 'll have ? 
  as for german i know about the hamburg cell , i was referring to how germany has not been the victim of islamic attacks the way france , uk , spain , etc have been . 
  i should have been clearer there thats my fault . 
  ok except isis is n't really sending people to europe , though there is a chance one of the attackers in the recent attack posed as a refugee most people who commit terrorist attacks in europes are citizens/residents . 
  and the muslim populations of germany , sweden , switzerland , macedonia , etc , etc demonstrate that having a muslim population does n't immediately translate into more terrorist attacks . 
  why do n't these countries see terrorism the way spain , uk , france do they 've all got muslim populations ? 
  the problem is more complex than what you 've made it out to be . 
  islam is certainly apart of it , but its not all of it . 
  perhaps it will lead to a future problem if migrates fail to integrate as well . 
  but right now the problem is one of failed integration of people who have lived in europe their whole or most of their lives , not migration . 
  you 're mostly right but two quick points : 1 ) saddam was a sponsor of terrorism though those were mainly before the gulf war . 
  2 ) believe it or not even with all the chaos in iraq following the 2003 invasion its actually resulted in less deaths than what saddam caused while he was in power . 
  but you 're right that there 's no denying the overall level of stability and control in the region has plummeted since he was removed from power, 
  its interesting that the biggest debate that comes out of these attacks will be about migrants/refugees/etc but in reality the men who commit most of these attacks are citizens or residents . 
  edit : just trying to say that if the response to these attacks is limited solely to immigrate policy its going to miss the demographic thats actually carrying out these attacks . 
  this has nothing to do with my opinion on migration , whether pro or con , i just want the response to be directed correctly . 
  after iraq and afghanistan i have no doubt whatsoever that people have learned absolutely nothing about the need for a restrained response . 
  luckily france 's military capability is fairly weak and reliant on american military assistance , so we can be a check on them if they want to get a little too crazy . 
  but i doubt they will anyway, 
   i believe usa should provide visas for roma so america can demonstrate how they will integrate them so well . 
  i think nobody in europe would object . 
  we 've already demonstrated the ability to integrate minority populations far better than europe . 
  i mean we 've have riots and protests around race , integration , equal opportunity in society , but no one has committed an act of terrorism over these issues for a while, 
   us , uk , can , il ( no un , only us + their puppets ) can we please stop calling these countries us puppets , its just so damn stupid, 
  i know exactly what they are i 've been around them for months , also thats actually easier to climb than a normal wall because its tiered . 
   hesco bastion walls deploy very easily , just fill with sand . 
  they are even built to take explosives and stop cars . 
  no wire cutting possible . 
  only around 4 people needed to get them built ( one to drive the truck , two on the ground , one operating a bulldozer )  can place over 300 meters a minute , and they can be stacked to whatever height you want . 
  like sand castles meets legos . 
  thats the empty walls that can deployed that quickly , and if thats your example of something that ca n't be climbed over i 've got bad news for you, 
  everyone talking about how its `` the norm '' so its ok , no one 's yet said maybe the norm is n't that good to begin with, 
  get over it kosovo, 
  6 out of 10 men would decline i think he means, 
  the cafe seemed silly to me , its not exactly luxury compared to the wine and art exhibits every day . 
  you got back to britain you got the same queen, 
  yeah that 's not overstated at all , perfectly rational and accurate description of the situation that is, 
  you can see in the bottom left of the chart that germany 's data goes form 1914 to 1925 . 
  i assume then that the reason its so low is because by 1925 hyperinflation had destroyed the value of germany 's currency so no one would lend it to hence the drop of debt to gdp . 
  get over it serbia, 
  there 's two kids , and they have children for the same reason that poor people have had children since the beginning of time . 
  i think he 's taking ethnic , or other kinds of diversity in society , as a given . 
  that will be true in the future unless a country starts deporting people en masse based on their ethnic background , which i do n't think any state is going to start doing . 
  he also points out that even before the latest trend of immigration people still found ways to create divisions and differences within their society , so that even if the latest arrivals were n't present its not as if the problem would suddenly cease . 
  if we take the problem as something that we ca n't be solved by mass deportation then we have to address it within the country itself . 
  there 's a difference too between treating liberals/conservatives as homogeneous groups and turks/algerians/bangladeshi / muslims as homogeneous groups . 
  one can choose to be a liberal or conservative , but one is born into a certain ethnic group . 
  for the state to treat you as a member of a certain group , and make assumptions on what that means for you , without any ability to influence that can be very frustrating . 
  thats especially true if you 're a 2nd generation turk/algerian/pakistan / etc because you may have spent little or no time in your `` home country . '', 
  you 'd wear the same clothes , listen to the same music , cheer for the same teams , share the same cultural and your `` native '' counterparts but you 're branded for life as an `` other '' based on something you have no control over . 
  i think a lot of the problems that come from multicultural policies is that they do n't give people enough freedom to identify how they choose to . 
  you or others may not think they are actually german , french , british , etc but they consider themselves to be . 
  the difference between how they see themselves and how the government insists on seeing them can lead to problems . 
  as i said several times i 'm comparing the us pre civil rights movement to the us post civil rights movement . 
  its much better , there 's no denying that , and i 've never denied there 's not lots of issues that remain unresolved . 
  pointing out things that are still bad does n't contradict my point , i 've completely admitted they exist . 
  i 'm taking those things and comparing them to what existed before the civil rights movement . 
  do you not understand that ? 
  you made a nice strawman , thats it . 
  its really frustrating how often people do that . 
  its like they ca n't read what i write , or maybe they just do n't care . 
  my post is was two sentences and somehow that was too much for you to handle . 
  i never said the us has created a society where every american is treated the same , yet you felt the need to counter my point as if i did . 
  why ? 
  are you not intelligent enough to do anything than construct strawman arguments for yourself ? 
  challenge yourself a little , actually address what someone says . 
  those mentalities change all the time , just as the mentality of seeing people from northern france and occitania as inherently different as died down . 
  just as the members of other classes as inherently different as died down . 
  the whole notion of what is to be french using his examples from the article has changed . 
  similar things have happened in the us during our many immigration waves , normally the first/second generation gets cast as being an `` other '' but it dies down . 
  there was a time in the us where most people did n't consider blacks , irish , catholics , italians , etc to be `` real '' americans . 
  but things have changed , even though there are still some issues . 
  the problem he points out is that many countries , especially the uk and germany , have institutionalized these differences and thus driven a more or less permanent wedge between these minorities and the `` natives '' for lack of a better term . 
  when he talks about france he praises their assimilation attitude and not institutionalizing the differences , but he says that while the attitude is n't official government policy it still exists in the mindset of many french people . 
  this is evident , according to him , by doing things like treating individuals of north african decent as if they are more north african than french even though most of them actually self-identify as french . 
  because the government/majority identifies them as something they do n't self-identify as , or at least do n't see as the primary or most important means of identification , causes problems . 
  please do n't take this to mean i 'm saying the us is better or that i 'm criticizing for the sake of criticism . 
  i 'm pointing out problems i see , based on my readings and research , in the hopes that pointing them out will lead to better solutions to them . 
  i said post civil right movement american society got better , i 'm not sure what pointing to pre civil rights movement examples does besides support my argument . 
  i 'm not comparing france and the us , i comparing pre and post civil rights movement us and saying once we tried to become more inclusive things got better . 
  also quoting donald trump is pointless , there 's always assholes but as a nation we got better by being more inclusive . 
  thats all i 'm saying . 
  head over to / r/european , and screw your backwards attitude . 
  thinking where a guy spent his first few years of life , his infancy , defines who he is for the rest of his life ?
