  is there really nothing in germany that could benefit from a good investment ? 
  infrastructure , military ? 
  nothing ? 
  im not saying go on debt fueled spending spree just make some smart investments while the money is cheap, 
  just like its hard to convince people that all that gdp growth was a bunch of hot air, 
  whats the german word for `` irrational fear of what happened in the weimar republic 90 years ago '', 
  because banning makes it look like there 's something to hide , it makes people want to read these books even more , it lends legitimacy to some arguments of russia that ukraine is trying to stamp out the russian identity some of its people have , and it gives legitimacy to anyone seeking to use these books to recruit because after all it must have something meaningful in it otherwise why would they ban it !, 
  a better response is to do the exact opposite instead of banning it throw it out into the open , rebuke each point in these books you feel needs rebuking , demonstrate that the message of the people using this material is not true at all . 
  plus you know in today 's world its impossible to outright ban anything like this right ? 
  trying to do so just makes one look inept and desperate, 
  if the foreign countries that negotiated the minsk treaties cared to follow up on it there might be more desire to maintain the ceasefire . 
  right now both parties have unfinished issued but they are expected to remain stalemated , locked in an endless ceasefire , doing nothing because no further negotiations are on going . 
  ceasefires do n't last forever , they are n't supposed to , they will either end when a real peace is negotiated or conflict resumes, 
  stop it ukraine this is n't going to help anything, 
  ok not needed yet . 
  combating corruption is part of what i meant by working with the ukrainian government they would benefit from assistance in this way . 
  we send military advisers to work alongside their military to train/assist them , we can do something similar with civil advisers . 
  military conflict with russia by europe/us is not required to address this problem , likewise neither is arming the ukrainian forces since russia will simply match and escalate . 
  what the correct response in my opinion is a dual diplomatic and economic approach , sanctioning russia and consistently calling it out for its actions while working with ukraine to beef up the apparatus of its state and economy . 
  in response to the attempted assassination of putin as this incident was reported to be by rt of course !, 
  russian state media tells no lies, 
  1 ) build economy solely on debt 2 ) crash 3 ) investors flee , no more monies 4 ) blame sensible countries for ` profiting ' on your troubles, 
  a weak russia is a dangerous russia , then again its clear that a strong russia is a dangerous russia too, 
  chamberlain at least tried to address the issue , today 's response to russia is less appeasement and more `` ca n't be bothered . '', 
  i 'm so sick of people bringing up hitler , munich , and appeasement . 
  its not a relevant to modern events as people think , and its certainly not insightful to mention it . 
  i wouldnt even count on strong words https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_reactions_to_the_malaysia_airlines_flight_17_shootdown, 
  i ca n't wait to see what europe will do in response ... 
  i 'd feel like such a twat if i the arresting police officer . 
  france would have been the premier land power in europe for the 20th century instead of germany . 
  its quite possible german and italian unifications would n't have happened at all at least not with the borders we had in our history . 
  i guess since this is / r/europe you would n't expect references to american tv shows but i 'm posting this anyway https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hugigf-ichm, 
  the uk has sent some trainers as well , any other european country stepping up ? 
  jesus christ dude, 
  there needs to be more than token sanctions , there needs to be greater support for the ukrainian government , not just money but training for its soldiers and civil workers , there needs to be a better response . 
  doublethink is to believe two contradicting statements to true simultaneously . 
  the rule , `` it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting '' is a single statement and therefore does n't require doublethink to accept or to disagree with . 
  doing something to deliberately piss people off , even if your message is good , still makes you an asshole, 
  0/10 for propaganda , just a poor performance all around . 
  i 've seen lots of nasty comments about this all over reddit , its weird how some people will demand others be their martyrs and targets while not doing anything themselves . 
  is anyone here going to publicly publish or display images of mohammed ? 
  did n't think so . 
  wow there is a lot of anger in this post , hey 40-50 years ago is n't that far back . 
  my father is in his 60s but if he had been killed in his 20s i 'd still consider it real enough for me and not just a `` historical event . '', 
  well duh, 
  `` open '', 
  lets hope they have better success than the last space start up http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2013/07/17/1226680/138032-reliant-robin-space-shuttle.jpg, 
  damn i better watch myself on edge . 
  humans have engaged in countless rituals to promote group cohesion whether that comes from , religion , patriotism , or whatever else . 
  and not only is it an entirely human thing to do its evolutionary advantageous to have a sense of group , community , tribalism , etc because the group who 's members stick and work together is going to be the one that survives . 
  you 're just as hard-wired to want to conform to a group for protection and acceptance as anyone else, 
  they should dump them on the other side of the russian border out of the back of a truck, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sandwich_ ( 1460 ), 
  he 's just looking out you guys , he 's a friend, 
  i wish merkel took as hard a line with russia as she does with greece, 
  apparently not but they are pretty shit at paying taxes regardless . 
   in 2011 , an oecd survey ranked greece as one of the worst rich countries in the world at collecting vat receipts and social security payments . 
  when the oecd had tried to do similar surveys between 2005 and 2009 they found that the data was simply `` missing '' . 
  what the fuck, 
  this fucking guy just ca n't keep his mouth shut , the dude needs to realize he 's in a bad spot and he 's not going to help anyone by complaining about how bad it is . 
  why does n't he take a stab at leading instead of whining , instead of `` man this deal really sucks but i was forced into it '' why not say `` hey this deal is tough , its not everything we wanted and its going to take lots of work and sacrifice on everyone 's part , but we 're going to get through it and make a better greece for ourselves '' or something along those lines . 
  this whole attitude , the whole resentment over being broke , got old a long time ago . 
  if he does n't want the deal fine do n't take it and deal with the fallout , but if he 's taken it than the time for pissing and moaning is over an now its time to start working on the solution rather than complaining about how hard it is . 
  well obviously its not something you 'd require to function as a country if thats your argument , i 'm just saying i see the reasoning behind it . 
  http://www.uscis.gov/sites/default/files/files/article/chapter2.pdf there are of course other benefits like being able to use state department resources when traveling abroad , now perhaps you and others would look at these things and think `` well thats not worth anything at all . '', 
  thats fine , and if these people do n't value those benefits that much then they can easily go to their nearest us consulate or embassy and renounce their citizenship . 
  the argument being that citizenship carries both benefits as well as responsibilities , and since you 're getting some of those benefits whether or not you live in the us i 'd say its fair . 
  i 'd go back into the army if it meant doing something like this rather than the normal bullshit that drove me insane, 
  it used to be a lot crazier https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_peacock, 
  these soldiers are on just vacation , pipelines are hobby for them yes ? 
  i took it as the imf saying they have no confidence whatsoever in greece so you might as well cancel the debt , not so much a `` they 've suffered so much already give them a break '' attitude . 
  anyway i 'll say the same thing to this that i 'll say to anyone else calling for greek debt to canceled . 
  you can always buy their debt and cancel it yourself , but i 'm guessing you wo n't . 
  clearly this approach has not worked , russia is not interested in being tied to europe financially it wants to be in control of a system not merely part of one . 
  let russia pivot to china , let them ship their goods , oil , and gas across the entire land mass of asia see how they like that cut into their profits . 
  do you know how much transportation costs will skyrocket for russian exports for them to attempt to match their losses in europe with gains in china ? 
  it might just be enough to make them think that perhaps that little slice or georgia , or ukraine or god forbid estonia is n't worth the price at this time . 
  or you could just do nothing and hope the russians express some good will or something ? 
  shit i 'm not saying we should be at war , i just think decisions like `` whether or not we sell some warships to russia '' should be easy . 
  and germany should be a little more willing to take a bit of an economic hit for imposing sanctions on russia, 
  most european powers would rather ignore russia and just keep doing business with him , taking a real stance is too difficult these days . 
  i wonder what the next `` never again '' scenario is going to be . 
  no i do n't think they are just going to write a big fat check for the whole lump sum but my point was that this guy is talking about how there does n't need to be trust because `` if they do n't do these freaking things they wont get money . '', 
  well what if they take some of the money but do n't those things they agreed to do , what recourse is there then ? 
  trust is still important, 
  they will only be able to pay by not doing what they promised to do for the loan ? 
  well maybe the russians did that a few times since the cold war ended, 
  its certainly brought a great deal of peace post ww2 when compared to the pre ww1 years . 
  there 's no denying europe has gotten a lot of its desire to fight out of its system . 
  what about the economic standpoint of `` your economy is n't big enough to support your spending ? '', 
  kicking greece out will only strengthen the eurozone , like cutting the anchor will make a ship sail faster . 
  greece does n't add a single thing to the eurozone , it provides not additional strength but is only a source of problems . 
  yes it looks bad that a country fails , but for a practical effects it does n't anything . 
  i mean what would it say if greece was refused additional bailouts and forced out ? 
  it would say the eu has standards it sticks by , wo n't tolerate dead weight , and certainly wo n't allow itself to be ruined by sickly members just want to exist on the money of others . 
  greece has gambled that standards do n't matter by failing to live up to the conditions for its previous bailouts , the eu needs to show them , europe , and the world otherwise or there will be no confidence in that union . 
  welcome to real world , you talk about how its impossible to `` magically '' reform the pension system , then how exactly is it magically possible to continue to sustain it . 
  lots of greeks are still under the delusion they have a choice in whether or not cuts are made , when the reality is cuts will be made regardless . 
  want to stay in the euro ? 
  make cuts to get a bailout .
