   in every simulation the pentagon runs nato gets overrun in a day under current deployments . 
  thats in the baltics , which is n't surprising given their proximity to russia and lack of geographic defensives . 
  also its not uncommon for us planners to count on losing the first couple days or weeks of a potential war . 
  the bulk of us war fighting capability is either back in the us or some other theater , troops on the ground are expected to hold out until back-up arrives . 
  so yes if nato and russia went to war tomorrow russia would likely enjoy the offense for a short while before the response was mustered and a counter-offensive began . 
  maybe russia will bankrupt itself again as it did the last time it tried so hard to be strong, 
   but i 'd rather cut my tongue than welcome a nato soldier into my country ok why ? 
   that was extremely fast . 
  how could you investigate this that fast ? 
  depends on what information they had before hand , if turkey had previous intelligence of a plan like this being formulated it would be fairly simple to identify it after it happened . 
  in the us people were talking about al-qaeda and bin laden within 40 minutes of the attacks, 
  why has serbia never really gotten over this idea that its a bigger and stronger country than it is really is ? 
  was it because they were so dominate in yugoslavia ? 
  or was it being beaten so handily during the break up that they 're still bitter about it ? 
  once you 've start comparing a past crime to every little problem that pops up you 've lost the right to complain about it . 
  if the german occupation of poland is `` the same '' as this little political squabble then there 's no reason to be complaining about it 70 years later . 
  if the occupation was in fact incomprehensibly worse than this little political squabble than there 's no reason to compare the two . 
   to this day , the largest bakery in switzerland , designed to feed the entire population in the event of a foreign invasion , is still located under a mountain in a confidential location the bakery may have the equipment to produce that much bread , but can it be supplied with enough grain if the northern parts of the country are occupied ? 
  its junkers not juncker who bash poland, 
  ok i 'm an american but i 'm going to do this anyway with a european theme . 
  [ 1917 , american expeditionary forces march through london ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/the_us_army_in_britain%2c_1917-1918_q30005.jpg ) [ 1944 , two paratroopers paint each other before boarding the aircraft ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/paratrooper_applies_war_paint_111-sc-193551cropped.jpg ) [ 1948 , a c-54 lands in berlin carrying supplies for the cut off city ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d8/c-54landingattemplehof.jpg ) [ 1963 , jfk gives a speech in west berlin reiterating commitment to the city and holding it as an example to why communism is inferior ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/jfk_speech_lch_bin_ein_berliner_1.jpg ) [ 1999 , us soldiers escort a serbian man from his home after finding an automatic weapon ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/defense.gov_news_photo_990726-a-9985e-012.jpg ), 
   bashar al-assad , not european . . but he better move his butt over here and explain some things to us !, 
  i 'll give you a preview answer to literally every question : `` the opinions of europeans on the migrant crisis or anything i do , or am indirectly/directly responsible for does n't matter to me at all . '', 
   essentially because the a400m ca n't air-refuel helicopters . 
  air-to-air refueling is a capability france and other european countries are severely lacking https://euobserver.com/news/115650, 
  america is the greatest country on earth , of course i love it . 
  what a silly thing to ask . 
   one hit headshot against armor unlike the m4 what does this even mean ? 
  if they didnt shoot at each other its not a dogfight, 
  its worked for iran for quite a while , it worked in various ways for russia for a long time before the end of the cold war . 
  do n't count on it just expiring on its own, 
   then you do n't know the guardian . 
  or maybe i 'm judging the article for the contents of the artice, 
  china is n't a market economy i hope the eu sees that, 
  im really not getting that from this article , i thought it was common knowledge that people moved around a lot in mass migrations throughout history . 
  this article is just providing a little more detail on that . 
  there 's no mention of the current migration crisis , so i think you guys are reading into it whats not there . 
   seriously fuck the guardian , nice to see all sides trying to get that political angle into `` science '' though . 
  whats the political angle ? 
  is it just calling it a migration ? 
  when the americans and british landed in north africa we had to fight the french to do so . 
  was there an occupied state that had a harder time than france figuring out what side it was on after being defeated ? 
  i do n't recall dutch forces in the pacific having a hard time deciding who they were going to fight for after the netherlands was occupied . 
  also was n't france the only allied power in ww2 to sign an armistice with germany after being occupied ? 
   the notion that any entity would be able to surround russia is ludicrous . 
  the notion that one has to physically encircle all of it is ludicrous . 
  russia may go from the baltics to the pacific but theres a world of difference between its pacific side and and its atlantic facing side . 
  russia is based in its western european facing sides and if that side is containment then yes it may still be able to explore options in central asia or china but those regions are far away from its population and industrial centers and not as profitable from a business stand point . 
  i 'm aware of the situation sure , but between it being illegal to work or hard to work , between unable and able to to send your children to school the choice is obvious . 
  i 'm not denying at all that europe 's better social welfare programs attract immigrates , of course they do . 
  people are n't entirely concerned about safety they want other things . 
  and i 'm not saying europe should take every last single one of them either , i 'm just saying that people should n't be shocked that syrians want to leave the safety of turkey when all they have there is safety and stagnation . 
  to be fair , it makes no difference whatsoever how many people are doing it in regards to how wrong this is, 
  yeah but thats in turkey , where syrians can not legally work or go to school . 
  whats so surprising about someone wanting to leave that ? 
  i 'd call anyone a neo-nazi who speaks of the german occupation with fondness . 
  i 'm amazed / r/europe has upvoted you so much , maybe its just a brigade from somewhere, 
  so piss on the ground right in front of the wall, 
  oh i had no idea i was talking to a neo-nazi , sorry i wouldnt have bothered to reply if i had known, 
   sad to see a basic human right completely disregarded like that . 
  cant tell if serious, 
  only the sith deal in absolutes, 
  i thought after ww2 people from the netherlands would realize their security is dependent on locking their more powerful neighbors into projects , treaties , agreements , etc , and make the use of war more costly than the gains . 
  in fact i thought all of europe would realize that, 
  oh definitely i did n't mean to suggest that security should exist only at the outer borders though i can see how that could be taken from what i said . 
  i just meant it would be more efficient in terms of resources for europe to handle its border security jointly, 
  its because they need something to blame their problems on so the people wo n't throw them out, 
  but it could if its member states could find a way to do it, 
   eu federalists asking for even more power for themselves and less for the member states . 
  they wo n't be content until we 're all ruled by brussels . 
  you have to admit it would take less resources to control just the outer borders , which would require working together , than to control every internal border . 
  europeans want to just give away land ? 
  whats the world coming to ? 
  troll to the stratosphere, 
   always `` always '' from what i understand catalan did n't emerge as a regional identity and language until after the reconquestia . 
  thats a while ago to be sure but its not exactly `` always '', 
   recouped from membership fees . 
   how much should we charge the eu for a free trade deal considering we have a trade defect with them ? 
   also eu exporters are going to have to comply with uk legislation but have no voice at the table . 
  son do you really think the uk by itself can bully the rest of the eu into giving it whatever it wants ? 
  you 're in for a rough time . 
  trade goes both ways , people rely on being able to sell just as much as being able to buy . 
  do you think china dominates all trade talks with the us because we are so reliant on their exports ? 
  do you think the us dominates all trade talks with china because they are so reliant on selling their exports to us ? 
  neither is true . 
  i think given the respective size of the economies the uk is going to have to do a lot more bending to the eu than the eu bending to the uk . 
  you know its not exactly like the uk exports things that absolutely ca n't be bought somewhere else, 
   greece never signed anything . 
  so what ? 
  could you see a problem with one country being able to perpetually receive money from another until both agreed to stop ? 
  also its been 70 years , the idea that any of greece 's financial trouble is still linked to the german occupation is ridiculous . 
  that would be like saying the united states is still reeling from the economic troubles of the great depression, 
  thats pretty cool , i like how the winner is the uss united states or united states ship united states, 
  wow thats crazy i thought it would take much longer to get places back then , hell it took the us three years to get to europe in 1914, 
  counting roman libya as a case against intervention . 
  this guy ... 
   this has been a problem in american prisons for decades and we have far less muslims . 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to see a source about islamists deliberately going to american prisons to radicalize other inmates, 
  a two-round runoff voting system is used to elect the regional presidents .
