  do a better job of integration , including working to get rid of this cultural mindset that these people are `` unworthy '' of being european . 
  people who think assad/russia are the answers to all the problems in syria are detached from reality . 
  fair point, 
  i 'd only count the charles degaulle , the others are just amphibious assault ships . 
  you could make a technical claim that since they carry aircraft they are aircraft carriers , but that would place them in the same group as the us navy 's carriers which would n't be an honest comparison, 
  the chart is inaccurate on the point of aircraft carriers , the eu has only one in current operation with another 2 still being built, 
  do you mean english people or british citizens ? 
  and why does having an english ancestry make you more important than any other british citizen ? 
  tabloid is tabloid , news at 11, 
  you 're talking out your ass dude . 
  its true that most illegal immigrants are fairly low-skilled , though there are a lot of illegal immigrants who are high skill but overstay their visas . 
  but if we are talking strictly legal immigration then the fact is that legal immigration for low skilled individuals is basically impossible , barring refugees , asylum seekers , etc but even thats pretty tight . 
  our immigration for high skilled individuals is also actually extremely tight as well , much tighter than it needs to be . 
  in fact its much stricter than the uk 's own system when you compare immigrate population as a percentage of population . 
  in the uk about 11 % of its population are foreign born immigrants , compared to 6 % in the us . 
  personally i think the us needs to liberalize its immigration system , it needs to attract more highly skilled workers as well as absorb its low skill ones better . 
  however the fact is right now that for legal immigration we are far stricter than the uk and i 'd guess several other us countries as well . 
  europe needs to come to the realization that its better facing its external problems together rather than separately , that would include a multi-national military as well . 
  so because you 're more related to a bunch of cave men who lived 12,000 years ago on that island than another citizen is , that is supposed to mean something ? 
  being english/british should be defined by citizenship not ancestry , and its especially wrong to suggest that non-english citizens of britain are somehow worth less or that there should n't be more of them than those with english ancestry . 
  ancestry , ethnicity , race , all that is a bunch of meaningless bullshit , citizenship is what should count and so long as british citizens as a whole are not about to become a minority in britain i do n't see a problem . 
  people assume that just because assad was once in control of syria that he will be able to maintain control if the rebels are defeated . 
  do n't count on it . 
  the civil war started for a reason , because the people were widely dissatisfied with his rule . 
  they are still dissatisfied and wo n't simply accept assad 's rule again even if his military is able to defeat the larger formations of his opposition his enemies will simply become low level insurgents like what happened in iraq with the us . 
  also lets not forget that because assad only has the loyalty a fraction of the population it means the size of his military is severely limited . 
  in fact the size of his army since the conflict started has shrunk by almost half , mostly due to defections and of course battlefield losses . 
  he 's obviously not going to be able to draw recruits from these reconquered areas , he ca n't trust them . 
  now lets talk training , ok you give the syrian army all these new weapons but the soldiers are the ones who have to know how to effectively use them . 
  who 's going to train them ? 
  the russians maybe but how effective is that going to be ? 
  the us trained the iraqi military for years and it came to nothing . 
  so how exactly is he going to use military force to maintain order when his military force is so limited ? 
  what makes you think the syrian army is going to accomplish what the american one could n't , which is putting down a insurgency . 
  what makes you think that russia is going to be able to train and equip the syrian army better than the iraqi one ? 
  and need i remind you that were training that iraqi army for years , russia only recently arrived in syria and has far less resources than we did . 
  if you want to end the civil war its not going to be done through strictly military means , it has to come to a political solution which may or may not mean assad staying in power . 
  that is the only way this war will end , because its quite obvious that neither side has the ability to defeat the other using purely military means . 
  i 'll never understand how concerned many europeans are about race and ethnicity . 
  i guess its a new world thing , which is n't to say there are n't americans who are concerned with race or ethnicity . 
  hell i mean look at britain , the queen is married to a greek , so her heirs will be half greek . 
  well philip obvious has other ancestry but you get the point , still no one is freaking about their children being from an ethnic minority . 
  if you go back far enough all europeans are interbred anyway , so whats the standard for determining when someone is ethnicity pure enough to be counted as `` english '' or `` french '' or `` german ? '', 
  3 generations ? 
  5 generations ? 
  how much outside mixing is allowed ? 
  do all you guys keep lineage tables like dogs and royalty do ? 
  personally i do n't think it means crap what your race or ethnicity is . 
  then you 'll have some of the most regressive values in other regards : /, 
  what do you expect ? 
  european views on homosexuality are some of the most progressive in the world , if you use that as a basis or if you expect everyone to share your values already you 'd wind up taking no one . 
  you 've got to do a better job of integrating them after they arrive , otherwise you 'll end up in a similar situation germany has with its turkish population, 
  i did not mean to suggest this video represents the entire scope of this problem . 
  i can see putin is continuing to surrounded himself with quality company, 
  goodness knows native europeans never violently crash over race , just ask the roma . 
  not to excuse these actions , but it seems lots of people need to be reminded that events like this did n't just start happening because of recent arrivals, 
  i did n't see anything about excrement in the video , but are you saying they are entitled because they litter ? 
  i do n't think you understand that your ability to conveniently dispose of your trash and recycle is a huge luxury . 
  it relies on a large system of waste management overseen by the government , which is clearly something these people do n't have . 
  having somewhere to put your trash , being able to not litter , is an entitlement dude . 
  libyan coast guard ? 
  is that like the czech navy ? 
  great video , i hope it undermines a bit of the argument that these people are `` entitled . '', 
  or maybe they expect france to have standards and to take accusations of human rights violations seriously . 
  the air support should have come , but air support or not nobody should simply stand idly by and allow a massacre to happen, 
  right so if you had the payload of two dutch f-16s you 'd of swept aside the serb forces and saved the day right ? 
  please , your own government has widely documented the inability of the dutchbat to accomplish anything of value , the total failure to take any steps to prevent that massacre , and the total failure to do their duty . 
  lots of mistakes were made in yugoslavia by lots of countries , own up to yours, 
  nice , why are people downvoting me i thought that was the point of the topic :(, 
  you do n't `` need '' un approval to do anything , i just pointed it out because its a difference . 
  however acquiring un backing does give more transparency to the mission , the lack of which in this case is one reason many other nations are concerned . 
  no one knows what exactly the russians are doing there , how many there are , what their plan or mission is , really nothing . 
  when other countries do n't no why someone else 's military is romping around someone they often assume or suspect the worse , that can lead to trouble . 
  i can see a lot of comparisons between the russian presence in syria and america 's actions in afghanistan and iraq . 
  i 'd like to point out a few things that may make some of you rethink that comparison . 
  1 ) the mission to afghanistan is a mutli-national effort , its approved by the un , its mission statement is clear , the number of troops involved are publicly known , and there 's no denying that it was a reaction to a threat . 
  2 ) iraq was n't un approved , its mission statement was muddy as hell , but it was an international mission , the troop numbers were publicly known , it was not in reaction to a threat . 
  3 ) russia 's actions in syria are not un approved , its mission is so far undeclared ( everyone assumes its to support assad , which is probably true but it needs to be stated by russia ) , there is no international backing , no one knows at all how many troops are there , and its also not in reaction to a threat . 
  there are important differences between these three events, 
  the `` yellow peril '' is n't history its the absurd justification to contain japan and break off chunks of china for colonies , used by a german monarch who was n't pleased with how land he controlled . 
  there never was any threat to europe from china or japan , there was nothing to guard against as europe quickly demonstrated its biggest threat was itself, 
  they should haul it back to russia and dump it across the border along with all the other soviet garbage left behind . 
  i 'm not very well versed in classic greek mythology , but i 'm pretty sure there 's less insight into post-soviet afghanistan there than there is in actually looking at history, 
  let me try , `` the uk may be on an island but its no less part of europe than any other eu member . '', 
  the uk may be on an island but its no less part of europe than any other eu member, 
  it would only be hypocritical if ukraine and syria had similar government and had been treating their people similarly . 
  the taliban was formed in 1994 , well after our funding for afghanistan disappeared . 
  the country you were looking for was pakistan, 
  i like how you just expect turkey to be europe 's waiting room , plus expecting them to keep your rejects , without a care in the world . 
  the russian experience in afghanistan would suggest otherwise , they failed to support the ruler and a minor power eventually took control of the country . 
  i thought going to germany for better work and benefits was something lots of poles do, 
  you do n't have to represent nato to understand this idea is impossible, 
  eritrea is literally one of the biggest shitholes on the planet, 
  you ca n't be serious, 
  yeah that 'll work , lets sink every boat in north africa . 
  here 's some problems : 1 ) how do you know its a smugglers boat ? 
  2 ) what if it was a smuggler 's boat but is n't any longer ? 
  3 ) what if the boat is parked somewhere that wo n't allow for easy destruction before its loaded with people and shipped off ? 
  4 ) how exactly are you going to sink them all ? 
  bombs from planes ?
