  the us has been working to keep europe together and keep it constantly growing closer ever since the end of ww2, 
  trump told me so ( btw trump has never disavowed his statements that obama was n't born in the usa ), 
  is it pretty well accepted that russia wants a direct pipeline to germany since as the de facto leader of the eu as long as russia keeps germany happy it can get away with a lot more in eastern europe ? 
  brexiters do n't like to hear this but whether in the eu or not britain is still going right off the coast of france . 
  if and when the eu and the us , or nafta as a whole , signs a free trade agreement with the eu britain is going to be left out of those negotiations if its not an eu . 
  however since its going to have to do a lot of trade with the us/eu regardless its basically going to be forced to follow whatever provisions exist in that agreement since it has basically no heft compared to the us/eu combined . 
  same reason the whole `` we do n't want to follow eu rules '' argument makes no sense . 
  ok britain exits the eu and sits down to a negotiation over trade , whats the first thing the eu representatives are going to say `` you 're going to have to follow eu rules . '', 
  do you think britain has the economic might to say no ? 
  it might get a few concessions out of the eu sure , but its basically going to end up right where it was before except this time it will have no say in the eu rules it hates . 
  erdogan is an insult to turkey, 
  we are n't allied with ukraine, 
  just keep sailing like they aint even there, 
  [ better pic of russian mcdonalds ] ( http://rack.2.mshcdn.com/media/zgkymde1lzaxlzmxl2u3l21jzg9uywxkczuuyjqymmiuanbncnajdgh1bwijoduwedg1md4kzqlqcgc/e78daf57/f0b/mcdonalds5.jpg ), 
  hungary why do you always have to mess up the nice color scheme, 
  stupid , like the guy says there 's not much of a difference between defense/offense at the small unit level, 
  oh really ? 
  i mean thats not what i asked but thats a pretty bold claim anyway, 
   go back to thedonald damn dude you really misjudged me if you think i post there . 
  but if you think europeans are n't more interested in lineage than americans answer me this , is there anyway i can ever become british the same as you are british ? 
  i was born in the us and have lived here almost 30 years , is there anyway someone like me could become as british as you ? 
  not having an income and living in a refugee camp , even one with very nice shipping container housing , is still poverty, 
  this fucking title makes it sound like syrians are n't looking to work at all , `` in line for work permits . '', 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  apparently it means this `` turkish employers have allowed roughly 2,000 -- or 0.074 % -- of turkey 's 2.7 million syrians to apply for work permits under new legislation enacted two months ago '' oh so its not that syrians are n't standing in line , its that turkey 's massively restrictive labor laws only allow so few to apply . 
  this title is absolute garbage and contradicted in the 2nd paragraph, 
   damn , if that 's worth an article in the new york times well its the sunday online opinion section , its not supposed to be where the hardest hitting and most important stories go . 
  sure there are people overly interested in lineage everywhere . 
  i just think there are more of them in europe than there are in the us, 
  he should come to america , like he said we are more concerned with who you are than where you came from . 
  these days , when new yorkers ask me where i 'm from , sometimes i might say , for the hell of it , `` i was born in bangladesh . '' unfailingly , it 's not enough . 
  often , bless \u2019em , they say , `` yeah , but you 're british , right ? '' i have to cross the atlantic to hear this . 
  reading this paragraph is like hearing stars and stripes forever , it makes you well up with patriotism . 
  edit : no one can deny people in the us are less interested in lineage on the average , on the whole , than people are in europe . 
   that someone dared to mention that he was born in rural bangladesh ? 
  did you read the next paragraph ? 
  the man booker prize administration released a statement congratulating mr. stothard , a former judge of its award , and mentioning the two other appointees : `` vicky featherstone , artistic director of the royal court theater , and zia haider rahman , a bangladeshi banker turned novelist . '', 
  do n't arrest people for stupid things sounds good to me . 
  unless someone is making a direct threat to someone else , no one should be arrested for whats said on twitter, 
  even their corrections are inconsistent, 
   this is fucking orwellian . 
  have you ever actually read any orwell ? 
  no i said it was n't illegal , not that it was legal . 
  the whole nuremberg trails and most nazi trails that came after rested on the notion that though germany was not party to any treaty which prohibited this kind of action , nor was there any domestic law which prohibited the holocaust and other crimes , that nevertheless the holocaust and these other crimes were so heinous and so terrible that those men could be charged with crimes anyway . 
  the whole idea was though they may not have violated a man-made law they violated a `` natural law '' against humanity as a whole . 
  when you think about it , its a completely unsubstantial legal basis for a prosecution . 
  technically , nothing he was accused of was illegal at the time . 
  pretty much the entire criminal process conducted against nazis from 1945 to up to today has all been ex post facto victor 's justice . 
  i hope so, 
  well its true , if only turkey was actually interested in suppressing isis, 
  i guess shooting down a plane full of dutch civilians is n't a big deal, 
  this map is n't overly generous at all , no sir, 
  fucking poroshenko , your country really needed you . 
  i mean not that all countries do n't need their leaders , but especially in ukraine 's case where i was very sympathetic, 
  what did they slam them into ? 
  well not all of them ... plus some not listed, 
  i 've said it i dont know how many times , europe 's problems ( just about all of them ) are beyond the ability of its individual states to solve by themselves to the satisfaction of their people . 
  the only way is to further unify . 
  watch where you point that thing belgium , memes this dank can be dangerous, 
  occitania gon na trigger some french people, 
  long term abuse has a strong psychological effect on people , they often think their abusers are more powerful than they actually are . 
  she may have had opportunity to leave but in her mind she may have thought otherwise . 
  i do n't know how you 'd determine how much the abuse warped her sense of the world and how she perceived the world , but i think that should factor into the decision regarding what to do with her . 
  is this an elder scrolls pun i cant tell, 
   when i read the word `` civilized '' i was triggered . 
  no way . 
  really ? 
  i do n't believe you . 
  there 's just no way ... 
  trouble with burgers eh ? 
  looks like its time for america to save france again, 
   ukranian navy has 1 ( one ) battle ship thats not a battleship, 
   social security for german civilians working on american bases . 
  how is this a complaint ? 
  its no different than any other german employed by a foreign government/company in germany . 
  i mean its not like a local german who works on an american base does n't pay taxes to germany out of his pay . 
  he 's paying into welfare the same as everyone else with a job, 
  poland is part of nato , do n't lump yourself in with ukraine when determining how much the us cares about you . 
  i love you poland, 
  you basically said what i was saying, 
   that 's not an answer at all . 
  russia is strong . 
  that is why nato still exists . 
  russia basically took a part of ukraine and no one did anything . 
  ukraine is not a nato member . 
  and i do n't think beating up the ukraine is really a sign of strength, 
  lots of serbs have the same problem as russia , still obsessing over an old defeat and pining for lost power, 
   how would an eu-russia alliance work ? 
  what common goals do they have ? 
  the eu and russia should be close strategic partners , and russia should be on the path to eu membership . 
  instead the russian obsession with being seen as strong and their remaining bitterness over losing the cold war prevent this from happening . 
   at the end of it `` cultural artifacts '' are just some pieces of stone or painted cloth to them . 
  thats all `` cultural artifacts '' ever are, 
  people downvoting you like it aint true, 
  yeah we both got some fucked up shit in our history but at least we are n't ~ ~ germany ~ ~ ~ ~ russia ~ ~ turkey edit : oh god how many times can i change this before / r/europe upvotes me !!!, 
  a serbian wants to give the us a lecture on killing innocent people, 
   ` mistakes ' yes `` mistakes '' the us is deliberately targeting serbian civilians in libya, 
   yes , it 's sad , but if they let her stay how can they tell an 80 year old that they can not stay ? 
  the law is full of rules and standards based on age , most of them are probably pretty arbitrary . 
  you can make an age limit for not deporting someone dont act as if its impossible,
