  sorry i do n't have much tolerance for people talking about the ethnic superiority of others , that one 's ethnicity matters in determining public law, 
  but he 's an ethnic european , that makes him different somehow, 
  do n't be silly , open borders or not people would still want to come here . 
  its for economic reasons , by that i mean they do n't want to spend countless years in a turkish refugee camp with no chance for anything resembling a life for them or their children, 
  well why did n't you say anything ? 
  does italian democracy involve an invasion from the south , a king removing the dictator , that dictator 's rescue by a foreign power followed by what amounts to a civil war , and the dictator being shot and his corpse hung on the street ? 
  the osce said otherwise : /, 
  we 'd react with strict law enforcement and violence if required . 
  however if the large majority of residents of the american south west decided they wanted to be part of another country through fair elections i believe we should let them . 
  top tier american military academy has school-wide pillow fight , leaves 30 injured http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34162336 relevance to / r/europe ? 
  some of these guys will be stationed in europe to provide assurance to american commitment to treaty obligations as well as perform other duties, 
  a lot of them came to the us after ww2 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_immigration_to_the_united_states#immigration_1930_to_2000 and its not like there 's not millions and millions of people who have stayed behind in syria or the rest of the middle east . 
  you 're lucky it was n't the soviet union who defeated fascist italy . 
  if thats how you feel , you 're welcome to the russians to replace us . 
  nice that you only went back 70 years , goodness knows as an italian this argument would n't work if we looked back any further right ? 
  `` center of everything for a really long time '' oh lord jesus , and they say americans are arrogant . 
  thats fine if you do n't want to act , i 'm not even criticizing the lack of action in and of itself . 
  just do n't cheer on someone else acting because you think it will turn out well for you . 
  you ca n't take this smug moral high ground while also hoping russia sends more troops , more planes , more bombs , and kills more people because you 're hoping that will solve one of your problems . 
  nor can you complain if things which you 've refused to become involved in do n't turn out the way you wanted . 
  that 's all i saying , do n't take a smug anti-war view while at the same time hoping someone else goes to war and in so doing solves a problem for you . 
  the syrian government cares about the country , thats a new one, 
  what makes you think russia can settle the situation in syria ? 
  what makes russian bombs and fighter jets more effective than american ones ? 
  and if europe is so anti-war , why are they ok with russia doing this anyway ? 
  because they think it will solve the migrant problem for them ? 
  so they 're anti-war unless someone else will do the dirty work for them ? 
  i agree with you we should n't intervene , my question was my so many europeans are ok with russia intervening but not the us . 
  why are so many europeans ok with russia bombing and killing people but wo n't do it themselves ? 
  also much of the middle eastern policies of europe and the us over the past decade have been shared , placing the blame solely on the us is dishonest . 
  lastly , yes the us is an ultimately self serving nation like anyone else , but unless europe is going to step up onto the world stage it will have to be content with living in the shadow of more assertive powers . 
  in other words if you 're unable to work to shape the world do n't complain when it turns out to be something you do n't like . 
  europe has constantly forgone opportunities to be a leader in the world , it enjoys being able to judge the actions of others refusing to take any of its own . 
  so yeah you 'd `` love '' to do this , or do that , but are you going to ? 
  i doubt it , action requires getting dirty , action requires taking a stand , something europe has demonstrated itself as being almost incapable of doing since the dutchbat let a city full of refugees be massacred rather than risk action . 
  http://www.euronews.com/2013/02/26/russia-and-us-push-for-dialogue-in-syria/ welcome to 2 years ago http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/02/columns-us-syria-idustre75j0av20110702 http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2011/12/20111215205512630181.html four years ago what makes you think this is different ? 
  `` pushing for dialogue '' you ca n't seriously be telling me that this recent call is somehow game changing or different than whats been said before . 
  yeah russia , because assad will simply win at some point and the kurds and isis will be dead and everything will be fine ... yeah that will happen . 
  supposing the fantasy of a lot of / r/europe 's members have plays out and russia is able to stabilize syria and thus stop the flow of refugees into europe . 
  i 've got some concerns and questions . 
  why are you fine with having a hostile country expand its power and influence ? 
  and if you honestly believe that intervention on the side of assad will solve this problem , why are n't you pushing your own governments to do it themselves ? 
  that way you 'd help solve your refugee crisis and remove a nation from the sphere of influence of a hostile power . 
  seriously why is france the only european country that seems to be willing to do the nasty business it needs to do rather than try to pass the buck off to someone else ? 
  if you guys want to keep assad in power , then do it , get your hands dirty , kill people , drop bombs , all the other ugly things you want the russians to do for you in syria . 
  step up, 
  sometimes i think youtube is just a competition to see who can find the worst music to play over a video . 
  your youtube channel sucks, 
  well every government on the planet , including germany , retains the power to embargo other nations or prevent certain industries from conducting certain trade deals . 
  i love to write a response but `` them '' could mean anyone so i have no idea who you 're talking about, 
  more accurately our biggest mistake was not looking carefully at where our military aid and money was going or caring enough . 
  we gave a lot of it to pakistan for the purpose of passing it along . 
  pakistan shifted a lot of it to the nastier elements of the mujahideen . 
  the us however did not seek out the nastiest most radical groups to support . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty of fraud but to be fair i 'm assuming the elections were only held in areas still loyal to him ( and still in his control ) after all this time . 
  would n't be surprising in that case to see a big win for him . 
  good to know thanks, 
  i thought most european states allowed their citizens to join foreign militaries or militias so long as they were n't considered terrorist organizations or were not in conflict with them . 
  is portugal different ? 
  the arrogance in this thread is mind boggling . 
  bunch of folks all jerking each other off to how morally superior they are . 
  he did n't do anything illegal , why would you throw him in jail ? 
  my move what ? 
  firstly he 's got his head over the wall , so he can see what he 's shooting at . 
  secondly he 's still wrong , but what that has to do with these supposed russian troops i do n't know . 
  you know these are americans right ? 
  are you trying to say that because these americans are shooting improperly that russian troops are in syria ? 
  or that because these americans are shooting improperly that russian special forces would shoot just as poorly as well ? 
  i usually take a pro-immigrant side to most stories but this is just silly . 
  yes we need to mark you to know who you are , no its not like getting a yellow star with `` jude '' written in it for fuck 's sake . 
  like srebenica, 
  how are they foreigners if they are living there ? 
  and how it is theft if they did n't want to be part of serbia at all ? 
  compare kosovo to isis , wonder why kosovo does n't want to be part of serbia ... do you see where you might have gone wrong here ? 
  maybe he 's a agent sent to infiltrate isis a. ... double dutch if you will, 
  in the video you can see they are already within contact . 
  the guy looks like he 's holding his rifle as far above his head as he can , which means not only can he not see what he 's shooting at his weapon is pointing into the air . 
  i doubt whoever he 's trying to shoot at even knows he 's shooting at them unless they can directly see him . 
  all he 's doing is wasting ammo and exposing himself and his comrades . 
  very poorly trained . 
  chechnya declared its independence in the same time frame that all the other breakaway soviet republics did , and their claim to independence was no less legitimate . 
  i doubt you 'd feel the same if estonia , ukraine or georgia were given the same treatment in the 90s, 
  no way those are russia troops . 
  i could n't believe russia would send troops so badly trained that they 'd do things like fire blindly over walls, 
  this will sound cold but everyone knows children have died trying to get into europe , children have died because their families did n't try to get into europe . 
  no one denies that . 
  its heartbreaking but it does n't change anyone 's understanding of the issue, 
  are you always in the habit of making assumptions ? 
  you know this kinda stuff is on a curve right ? 
  you can go too far in either direction , meaning you can either support wages too little or too much . 
  america certainly is n't supporting them enough , but its possible sweden is supporting them too much and thus driving up the cost of doing business and eliminating potential employment opportunities . 
  or we can forget that theory and pass some more laws giving everyone increases to their wages , and that will make everyone richer . 
  while we 're at it lets issue some more krona , just print enough till everyone has enough money to live comfortably and call it a day . 
  raising the cost of labor so high that it stifles investment does n't help . 
  see greece . 
  i 'm not saying sweden should throw out its model , and i 'm certainly not saying it should follow the us model god no . 
  what i 'm saying is that might be better to ease up and allow the natural economic forces to do their work . 
  sweden has a growing labor pool , its supply of labor has increased which would normally reduce the price of that labor but the artificial controls placed by sweden on that price prevent that and thus an excess of supply is created , ie unemployment . 
  so again , i 'm not saying let go of the rudder and let the currents take you but perhaps steering a little more with the currents will get the boat going faster .
