  maybe we should treat the danes who ca n't accept other danes as the problem, 
  can someone explain why france is waging a culture war against muslims in metropolitan france but is perfectly ok with folks in its overseas ~ ~ colonies ~ ~ departments living in a culture completely un-french ? 
  fuck the culture police, 
  `` france '', 
  itt : people share their self-righteous opinions that they can define what another person 's religion says and doesnt say about how they can and ca n't live their lives . 
  seriously , how arrogant do you have to be to think `` hey i 'm not even a member of this church , and even though there 's a million varieties of christians in the world , i 'm going to explain what a real christian is and is n't . '', 
   i can respond . 
  radio free europe/radio liberty ( rfe/rl ) is a united states government-funded broadcasting organization ... 
  damn good thing no one cared it was us gov ' t funded during the cold war , at least there 's a few folks in here from eastern european countries who have a fonder memory of rfe, 
  do n't dictate what people can and ca n't wear , its that simple . 
  before some smart ass says `` their religion dictates what they can and ca n't wear '' thats true it does , but their decision to follow that religion , or how to follow that religion , is their choice . 
  and before some other smart ass says `` yeah but they are raised in that culture which means they do n't have a real choice '' thats no more true of muslim women than any other religion , like judaism , which mandates certain clothing be worn and someone else will probably add that `` they may have the freedom under the law to choose but many women live in controlling households and may suffer abuse from men who do n't want them to choose . '', 
  that 's also true but thats where the mechanisms of the state come in to protect women , or anyone for that matter , who lives in an abusive home . 
  lastly i want to add that forcing these women to change their clothes is not going to work . 
  you ca n't force people to make serious life changing decisions like this . 
  trying to do so is only going to encourage them and their families to keep them isolated in doors rather than face police who will tell them to dress down . 
  you 'll achieve more assimilation by letting these women go out and explore the country freely . 
  if you truly believe many of them are controlled at home , why would n't you want them out and about in your country where they can experience freedom ? 
  where they can see it in action , learn its benefits , and start demanding it themselves rather than having it forced on them . 
  ** why would you want to make them uncomfortable and target them as they are out experiencing exactly what you want them to see ? 
  ** a conservative muslim woman , or her 2nd generation daughters , are more likely to start dressing down at a beach by seeing other people do the same and wanting to fit into the social norms . 
  not by having some armed policemen come by and watch while they force her to undress in front of them . 
  i hope in a couple of years we all look back on this as a stupid mistake , and stop pretending clothing fashions and norms do n't constantly change . 
  it was n't long ago people were fined for wearing bikinis on a beach , now they are being fined for not wearing them . 
  each time it was the same excuse , preserving our culture , values , identity , whatever . 
  https://static01.nyt.com/images/2016/08/28/world/burquinimemo2/burquinimemo2-blog427.jpg look at this picture , do you think this woman is feeling any of the freedoms and liberty the people making these rules go on about ? 
  choice is fundamental to freedom it can not be forced because forcing by definition means something is not a freedom but rather a compulsion . 
  for example you are n't free to pay taxes you are compelled to . 
  edit : uh oh downvotes , looks like some people like all the foolish controlling twats before them think their own sense of whats appropriate for people to wear should be , and could be , preserved for all eternity if they only have enough fashion police patrolling the beach . 
  idiots, 
   alaska is very heavily fortified you did n't read the article , the mission of this division is coastal defense not invasion, 
  they can deploy a hundred divisions to chukotka for all it matters . 
  well yeah but that 's now not then . 
  i mean yes even leading up the war of independence the 13 colonies that became the us had differences with other british colonies in the region in their culture and government but we were all part of the british colonial system . 
  some people in quebec or nova scotia were supportive of the idea of independence for example . 
  we may have had 14 or 15 bars on the flag . 
  point is that someone has to make history , if you want your country to have a distinct history to give it identity then someone has to make it . 
  everyone starts somewhere , no group of people have always had a past to built a future someone . 
  someone has to do something . 
  edit : apparently this is an unpopular sentiment on / r/europe, 
  if you want muslims to integrate more forcing them to undress is not going to help at all . 
  this is n't about immigration , its about domestic politics so people can claim they `` defended french values '' or whatever to win votes . 
  a little anecdote i know a few muslim women at my school who often go without headscarves , sometimes they do if they feel it works with their outfit . 
  they decided on their own to let the garment go even though i 'm sure their elderly mothers tsk tsk tsk whenever they come home , as all parents do . 
  but point is you ca n't dictate to people what they should wear nor how they should assimilate , it does n't work like that . 
  you have to let people have full access to your society and watch as their behavior changes naturally . 
  people are social animals and the longer we spend with each other the more alike we become , its a process that takes time , maybe even a generation or two but it ca n't be forced . 
  forcing it just creates resentment and retrenchment . 
  i know this many get people angry at me but it needs to be said , i 'm really glad people in my country do n't feel dictating what other people wear is necessary to preserving our identity as americans . 
  i 'm glad our values often emphasis the individual over the collective and we 're better for it . 
  diversity is in many ways one of our defining characteristics and we do n't have this anchor of `` tradition '' and `` history '' weighing us down and getting us into pointless culture wars . 
  not well . 
  britain 's empire was already on the decline and the expenses were quickly outweighing the benefits . 
   a country with no past ca n't have any future . 
  i 've got 50 stars and 13 bars that say otherwise, 
   nato has never launched a military campaign except under the direction of the united nations or under the provisions of article 5 . 
  can russia claim to only be as defensively minded ? 
  i assume you were saying that nato does act aggressively ? 
  since you did n't bother to add any of your own words to what you were posting i 'm just going to assume thats what you meant . 
  however that does n't contradict what i 'm saying , and neither is nato assistance to ukraine a threat to russia seeing as how the only reason that assistance is going there is because of russian 's invasion . 
  in fact this article highlights how nato is not a threat to russia since it speaks at length on how germany is extremely eager to do nothing that could be seen to antagonize russia . 
  is that your argument then ? 
  nato is aggressive because one of its most important members does n't want to antagonize russia ? 
  do you write for rt ? 
  no its not . 
  nato is a defensive alliance and posses no threat to russia whatsoever as long as russia does n't act aggressively towards it . 
  nato has never launched a military campaign except under the direction of the united nations or under the provisions of article 5 . 
  can russia claim to only be as defensively minded ? 
  i know the russian state likes to play up the idea that it has to buttress itself against the ever present threat of attack from the west but in reality there is no such threat . 
  thats all just propaganda created by the russian government to distract its people 's from paying closer attention to the real threats in their lives , their own leaders . 
  i 'd be pissed if they made me get this dressed up and stand like this for an animal, 
   hostile alliance please stop with this shit . 
  nato is not hostile to russia, 
  thats not fair, 
   most of these cases are officers after finishing their degree at one of the bundeswehr universities ( which can be considered `` elite '' ) . 
  wait you can just leave the bundeswehr after getting a college degree with them ? 
  just fucking say `` nope i 'm done ? '', 
  when i joined the american army i got them to pay for part , not all because i was going to an expensive school , of my college tuition and i had a contract for eight years . 
  at least four of those had to be active duty the other 4 could be reserve . 
  and there was no `` quitting '' allowed , you were contractually obligated to complete this tour of duty . 
  go to war or go to jail as the saying went how the hell can you run an army if your best recruits are just allowed to quit after taking all the benefits ? 
  you ca n't compare a paid position to an unpaid one . 
  working for less pay then what someone gets after doing the job for a few years is normal people pay to go to college because they are paying for a service , they are paying someone to educate them , grade their understanding of a subject , and certify their level of knowledge . 
  when you do an internship , when you do any work for a company you are providing them with a service and they should pay for you for that . 
  i dont know about scotland but at least in the us in my opinion i think lots of companies are getting away with using free labor because if you read the actual laws regarding unpaid interns there 'd pretty much be no reason to ever take one on https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs71.htm i especially like this line `` the employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the intern '' which basically means an employer ca n't profit from that interns work which means it should have value to them whatsoever . 
  anyway i think there 's a growing culture that people must do internships to show they have experience even though its highly unethical both because companies do profit off their work and because its much harder for poorer students to do because they ca n't afford to spend so much time working for free . 
  its nice if you can afford that , but personally i do n't care if i 'm the greenest rookie there is on earth if you 've got me working in your organization than i 'm adding value to your organization and in return i deserve some of that back as pay . 
  these places arent handing out internships out of the goodness of their heart to help young people get experience , they are doing it because its free valuable labor . 
  you are contributing in some way and you deserve to be paid for it . 
  well tell me if i 'm wrong but i 'm not sure it has much to do with the civilian deaths that europe suffered during ww2 that 's resulted in this kind of attitude towards the whole notion . 
  after all ww2 was not the first war by any means where france or other participants suffered horrible civilian causalities . 
  i think it has more to do with the long peace and the total lack of great power war since 1945 . 
  someone said you 'd have to go back 2000 years to find a period of time this long where an army has not crossed the rhine . 
  there 's almost no one left who 's seen any conflict like this and the state certainly did n't encourage the mindset of the `` enemy at the gates '' the way we did in america . 
  you know they taught us that yes we may be at peace now but that could change in seconds we always had to be ready . 
  i think its just that without any war , or even call to be ready for war , people just think its outdated and therefore have little reason to trust an organization like the military thats devoted to fighting those wars, 
  its absolutely incredible after thousands of years of war and conflict that after 70 years without it the entire concept of war is completely alien to so many of these people . 
  its also kinda scary, 
  never work for free . 
  ever,
