  so its almost as if your ethno-centric approach is n't really that superior of a `` model '' after all . 
  then again its not like anyone really wanted to immigrate to ireland for most of its history anyway and its modern success has come about in large part to opening up rather than shutting itself in, 
   that 's a broad statement to apply to so many people . 
  this is / r/europe , lots of arrogant self-righteous nationalists here who think their heritage makes them better than others . 
  personally i think a lot of them realize what small little people they are but their egos are too big to handle that , so they attach themselves to the accomplishments of great men of history who happen to share a nationality and pretend that makes them great too, 
   american trying to tell us to use his failed model right because ireland being populated almost entirely with irish means the country has never had any trouble right ? 
  no internal divisions so bad people killed each other over them . 
  never once for the irish eh ? 
   do you want to start posting stats on what america would be like if the 1964 migration law was never passed ? 
  i dont understand the point you 're trying ot make, 
  the concept of the `` white race '' is pretty new in european history . 
  it just goes to show how the whole concept of ` race ' is a arbitrary social distinction and can mean literally anything and everything depending on who decides . 
  and yes white people can be racists towards each other depending on how you define who 's white and who is n't which again is completely meaningless and arbitrary . 
  for example america 's own benjamin franklin who wrote  ** why should pennsylvania , founded by the english , become a colony of aliens , who will shortly be so numerous as to germanize us instead of our anglifying them , and will never adopt our language or customs , any more than they can acquire our complexion . 
  ** which leads me to add one remark : ** that the number of purely white people in the world is proportionably very small . 
  ** all africa is black or tawny . 
  america ( exclusive of the new comers ) wholly so . 
  ** and in europe , the spaniards , italians , french , russians and swedes , are generally of what we call a swarthy complexion ** ; as are the germans also , the saxons only excepted , who with the english , make the principal body of white people on the face of the earth . 
  thats right at one point in time some people even though the french or even the swedes were n't really `` white . '', 
  talking about the `` white race '' or even race in general as if there 's some objective definition of those terms is complete bullshit . 
  edit : oh boy people downvoting more history because it does n't hit their narratives . 
  poor sad weak little cowards the truth hurts them so much and they do n't have the courage to recognize reality when it does n't suit them :(, 
  cant really call it an eu army while its still just joint-formations of units from two different countries . 
  so long as national governments still decide on their own defense spending you ca n't have an eu army , but i doubt they 'll give up that authority any time soon . 
   are you trying to say that who you were raised by has no affect on a person , and the culture does n't rub off ? 
  i literally said  of course , some i rejected and some i kept yes it has an effect on you , but no it does n't define you permenatly and forever, 
   can you say that your upbringing defined you ? 
  the answer is yes because everyone 's upbringing defines them . 
  and no it does n't . 
  your upbringing does n't define you either , you are n't perfect replicas of your parents . 
  take for example the fact that if you asked europeans if they saw themselves more as `` europeans '' or more as members of their nationality you 'd find that young people are more likely than older people to say they see themselves more as `` europeans '' than as part of a nationalist group like `` french '' or `` spanish . '', 
  not everyone is perfectly defined by their upbringing . 
   your parents raised you , i 'm assuming . 
  did they not impart you with their cultural values ? 
  of course , some i rejected and some i kept , just as everyone does even the europeans . 
   a mess of ethnic tensions and violence brought upon us by the mass migration of people with a different religion and culture into ulster . 
  which mass migration ? 
  there 's been quite a few . 
  and i 'd bet you have quite a bit of heritage in your blood from those migrations as well . 
  its not about what i 'd like its about what has to be done to address a declining population if a country wants to maintain its current standards of living which depend on having more workers than pensioners . 
  a country that depends on more people being net contributors to the system of public welfare than net takers . 
  if the solution to that problem is more immigrates how would you handle it ? 
  what are the tools and means by which to create a national identity for people who do n't have a history in that country ? 
  no i do n't want to see tradition and culture disappear just because , i do n't have a problem with most traditions or culture i 'm just asking how would the issue i pointed at earlier , the stress on the welfare state due to changes in age-distribution of the population be managed, 
   america is mess of violence and ethnic tensions and just now a segment of americans are pushing back . 
  what is north ireland ? 
  ah but you guys found a solution to that at least for the time being , but its impossible to find any solution to our own issues it seems right ? 
  oh `` white people '' so we 're using a fairly new way to define racial and ethnic differences . 
  i see . 
   europeans are the indigenous people of that land are they ? 
  here i thought european history was full of the large movement of peoples from one land to another even in the last century . 
  are the hungarians really the indigenous people of the carpathian basin ? 
  are the poles really the indigenous people of silesia and pomerelia ? 
  edit : downvotes lol . 
  people who want to define themselves on their national history ca n't accept some parts of their history . 
  weaklings and cowards . 
  poor weak little people who ca n't accept basic historic facts because their narrative is too fragile . 
  even if you disagree with everything else i 'm saying no one can deny european history is full of mass migrations . 
   your culture comes from your parents , your culture defines you . 
  does it ? 
  my family history involves some nasty folks from the southern us who had some ugly cultural opinions about blacks . 
  does that define me ? 
  all i 'm saying is that something will happen to address the de-population and age-distribution problems that are occurring because of low-birth rates by the native population . 
  the trend ca n't go on forever , if it did the country would literally be empty of people . 
  that will never happen of course because something else will occur prior to that . 
  maybe immigration , maybe an increase in birth-rates by natives , but something will happen . 
  and i 'm asking , what will that something be and how will it be managed ? 
  i think thats a perfectly valid question to ask, 
   except the immigrants are moving there to live with the natives , once they disapear , there is no reason to move there . 
  are you telling me if hypothetically a european country was literally emptied of people through declining birth-rates and natural death that no one would move there ? 
  like say if hungary 's population problem was never solved and the entire population just naturally died off the entire area of land thats now hungary would just remain empty forever ? 
  there 's good land there , people would move in from somewhere, 
   i 'd take japan as a great example for being able to do well without sacrificing your identity for some idealistic goal . 
  but what happens with its not an idealistic goal but a matter of necessity ? 
  that was the case with the united states given our immigration and expansion which involved the combining of so many different types of people into a single country . 
  figuring out a way to give a common identity to everyone given their different ethnic backgrounds was something we had to do . 
  it may become a necessity for some european countries in the next hundred years or so , even if immigration is completely halted an entire area of land ca n't simply be emptied of people forever . 
  eventually there would be no one left to keep immigrates out . 
  now thats obviously an extreme case of this depopulation trend but it shows that these countries with population problems ca n't simply go on forever with low-birth rates . 
  eventually those birth-rates have to go up enough to achieve a stable population or immigrates will come in . 
  you certainly can change it and i think the us is a good example of that , we certainly have internal divisions which can sometimes get quite bad but its not as if a perfect homogeneous country is without its own internal divisions as well . 
  i also think that its absolutely essential for many european countries to change this attitude when you consider the demographic shift seen in birthrates . 
  fact is at the current rate without immigration many european countries will have to completely change their system of public benefits because there will not be enough workers to support petitioners . 
  likewise the children and children of the children of immigrates will continue to become an ever larger segment of society when compared to folks who 's families stretch back multiple generations in that country . 
  they wo n't enjoy the under-current of resentment as they become more and more common . 
  of course that may take a 50-100 years in some cases , and those trends may not continue that long . 
  however you ca n't deny the problem is coming if nothing changes . 
  if trends do n't change over half the population of hungary for example will be over the age of 55 by 2050 . 
  how can you support the standards of living people enjoy now with that kind of age distribution without importing labor ? 
  the solution may lie in adopting a more civic nationalism rather than ethnic nationalism approach as a way to unite people living in a country . 
   multi-culturalism is simply a huge failure . 
  the problem is everyone is too concerned about ethnicity and heritage than who you are as an individual . 
  stop defining people by who their parents and parents ' parents were or by where the last few generations of their family were born . 
  people are already doing this , look at boris johnson who 's sternly pro-british and anti-immigrant . 
  his grandfather was turkish , a citizen of the ottoman empire . 
  is anyone going to seriously claim that boris johnson is n't british though because of his paternal heritage ? 
  same thing with nigel farage , part of his recent family history involves an immigrant from germany . 
  even the damn house of windsor was once the house of saxe-coburg and gotha but was simply renamed `` windsor '' to sound more english . 
  is the queen herself not british because of her distinctly non-british heritage ? 
   on one hand it 's profiling students based on ethnicity on the other white flight is real issue .
