i ca n't speak for belgium , but here it 's a lifesaver - literally and figuratively . 
  northerners and midwesterners are different . 
  i can confirm this . 
  like emotional blackmail ? 
  gay marriage was just legalized by the supreme court , and yet , there 's been no mass violence , no bombings , no lynchings of homosexuals , and no militant rebellion . 
  instead we got kim davis . 
  if american attitudes were equivalent to middle eastern ones as you suggest , you 'd see some , if not all these things . 
  drawing a false ideological equivalency between a shrinking number of devout christians in america and a growing number of devout muslims globally is not only lazy , it 's incredibly misinformed . 
  gay marriage was just legalized by the supreme court , and yet , there 's been no mass violence , no bombings , no lynchings of homosexuals , and no militant rebellion . 
  instead we got kim davis . 
  if american attitudes were equivalent to middle eastern ones as you suggest , you 'd see some , if not all these things . 
  drawing a false ideological equivalency between a shrinking number of devout christians in america and a growing number of devout muslims globally is not only lazy , it 's incredibly misinformed . 
  consider for a moment that it 's acceptable for this man to say these things with a microphone at islam 's third holiest site . 
  telling . 
  did n't take long . 
  things are about to get interesting . 
  agreed . 
  also consider apostasy in islam ( it 's punishable by death ) . 
  these converts make a much better case for refugee status if their lives would be at threat in their country of origin . 
  that said , what a screwed up ideology - `` we 're so secure in our belief that we 'll kill you if you unsubscribe to it . '', 
  thank god . 
  not montenegro ? 
  see how `` hateful '' got shoved between `` nationalistic '' and `` right-wing '' ? 
  this is why people are being turned off to the left . 
  you seem to be operating under the assumption that super power nation-building is a modern phenomenon . 
  point taken . 
  but i wish vice had the balls to ask the non-pc questions : will you adopt liberal values ? 
  will you adopt secularism ? 
  do you see women as equal beings ? 
  do you acknowledge that homosexuals have a place in our society ? 
  no one thinks afghanistan 's turned into candyland since the coalition . 
  but damn it , the country wo n't get better if you do n't stay and try to make it better . 
  historically speaking , every country has dealt with violent bullshit before they achieved a stable , workable society . 
  if they came as registered refugees then no , the exact opposite of what you describe would happen . 
  our government has a very generous refugee program . 
  however , if they came as hordes of economic migrants claiming to be refugees , then yes they would be left to fend for themselves . 
  we do n't coddle , that 's how you get malmos . 
  then stop pumping sunshine and join in on reality . 
   is it just general islamophobia ? 
  and that 's where you lost me . 
  `` islamophobia '' is a nonsensical term . 
  it 's perfectly rational for europeans to be concerned with this influx for a host of reasons , not the least of which is importing an intolerant ideology that fails to foster secularism and liberal thought . 
  we can bury our heads in the sand , or we can acknowledge problems come with mass muslim immigration . 
  comparing the migrants in europe to undocumented migrants in america is equally nonsensical . 
  like it or not , mexicans and other latinos share a religion and a common european heritage with americans . 
  it 's a hell of a lot easier to integrate an ethnic population than a religious one . 
  for example : i live in a city with a very high latino population , and they drink with me and eat pork with me . 
  people underestimate things like this , but i 'm a firm believer in integration at the pub and the dinner table . 
   when it comes to climate change , humanity should be willing to euthanize 300m americans to secure the future of the other 6-7b people in the world . 
  i hope you 're willing to line up first . 
  right , because the guardian never pumps sunshine . 
  this is misleading . 
  eritrea is 50/50 christian/muslim . 
  but you are correct that ethiopian orthodoxy developed cut off from europe . 
  i have zero issue with skin color . 
  but i do take issue with a culture that struggles to foster secularism and liberal democracy . 
  as an american i do n't know so i 'll ask : is the conversation volume here representative of the conversation volume outside the internet ? 
  personally , forums like this serve as an oasis of conversation because people like me are afraid to publically voice opinions deemed politically incorrect . 
  `` the refugee problem in europe is of our own making . 
  it is a direct result of our inactivity towards syria hitherto , and particular , us ignoring the perceived and stated red lines on the use of chemical weapons after the ghouta chemical attack in august 2013 , which killed up to 1,500 people . '', 
  i wonder why westerners would be wary of involvement in another middle eastern conflict ? 
  this ` damned if you do , damned if you do n't ' crap has to stop . 
  as an american , it 's incredibly hard to understand how any european could see this situation ending well . 
  not being a dick , just helping with the english . 
  i 'm thoroughly worried for the future of europe . 
  happy for you man . 
  if europe works for you it works for you . 
  you 're always welcome back . 
  `` i 'm a free-born british man ... 
  in honour of this fact i have spent the weekend writing rude limericks about mr erdogan . '', 
  i love douglas murray . 
  eta : this tweet - https://twitter.com/douglaskmurray/status/722442347011776512, 
  fascinating . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i believe we have an equivalent organization in america . 
   and polynesians sailed all the way from southeast asia to south america in outrigger canoes i believe this is just a theory heyerdahl demonstrated . 
  that is to say , he showed it was at least possible for the polynesians to reach south america . 
  but it can only be archaeologically proven they made it as far as easter island . 
  if you read my subtext i address norse exploration of greenland . 
  i posted on r/askhistorians but have yet to receive a response . 
  figured i 'd test these waters . 
  except fox news is privately owned . 
  big difference . 
   some of the spectators , however , broke the silence by booing , whistling and chanting `` allah-u akbar '' ( god is great ) . 
  can someone please bring back ataturk from the dead ? 
  damn . 
  well there it is . 
  frankly , i would act just as cold . 
  as a white westerner raised in a secular democracy where men and women are equals , you 're taking a massive step backwards by dawning the hijab . 
  welp , the guardian is scared shitless . 
  i still struggle to understand the internal disconnect that seems to exist in muslim refugees . 
  clearly sectarianism plays a large role in the middle east 's struggle to form stable societies . 
  yet , many import the same sectarianism that made their country of origin miserable in the first place . 
  this strikes me as a deliberate divorce from common sense . 
  hey now , our beer might be close to water , but heavy beer makes me feel pregnant after two damn glasses . 
  douglas murray is one of my favorite brits and an incredible debater . 
  you know what 's really infuriating ? 
  the cameraman , who clearly witnesses these poor girls being drug out there for nothing other than propaganda , is more then happy to take the picture and send to the guardian/bbc as a portrayal of what 's happening . 
  edit : spelling, 
  damn , she used to be so hot .
