  i tried and it 's actually pretty tasty !, 
  it depends on the countries . 
  in schengen countries there should be no stops and often not even personnel there ( in like 99.0 % of the cases ) , but switzerland would be the exception there . 
  usually the cars still move through the border but they stop cars without stickers or if they want to check something . 
  austria , switzerland , slovenia : needs a vignette but only if you want to be allowed to drive on the highways . 
  france , italy : you pay a fare at toll booths at regular intervals . 
  some highways are free ( in alsace for instance ) and others are toll-roads . 
  germany : the autobahn is still free of use ( at the moment , there are talks about making a mandatory vignette as well ) . 
  and dried ham . 
  which is why salt on watermelon kinda enhances the tast just like dry salted ham enhances the taste of cantaloupes . 
   loz\u00e8re and here i thought that ni\u00e8vre was already bad ... 
  some villages seemed they came straight out of `` the hill have eyes '' . 
  absolutely , might wan na throw in avignon as well !, 
  hang around ? 
  a hardware shop ? 
  you can throw in some mars bars and milkyways if you 're feeling extra fancy . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i love reading stories like that !, 
    what made you pick that genre of music ? 
  borrowed some cds from my brother when i grew up and nevermind songs were often playing on most radio stations , it felt like a slap in the face at that time . 
  internet was n't really a thing back then so i could only have access to the few cds i would borrow from my brother or the library : mostly pearl jam and nirvana . 
  kinda stopped listening to that style for a while but later on i started listening to mudhoney , black flag , more pearl jam , silverchair , audioslave , etc , . 
  when this kind of music was more easily accessible on the internet years later . 
  i read a lot about cobain and ca n't feel nothing but sadness for the guy . 
  honestly , after reading through his biography several times i think i understand why he wanted to end it ( not that i justify it , but i think i understand ) . 
  still wish he would have found a way through though , and i do n't think that courtney was of any help in that regard unfortunately ( not that i believe the bullshit conspiracy theories , but she definitely did n't help in lessening the pressure and the heroin abuse ) . 
  i love the fact that you refer to `` the german guy '' as `` german guy '' hahaha . 
  thank you for wrinting that long paragraph , it was super entertaining to read !, 
    will have to take the time to get from frankfurt to strasburg . 
  seems ... magical and serene . 
  i think you 're lucky to be from your part of the world . 
  oh you definitely should sometime , and if you do give me a heads up and i can give you a ton of advice !, 
  the only thing about the pictures that i 've sent is that those places are usually crawling with tourists in the summer haha , but you can still find plenty of charming quiet places around . 
  i know almost nothing about oregon , i 'd definitely include it in a west coast road trip sometime in the future . 
  been thinking about that for already quite a while !, 
  cheers , it 's been lovely chatting with you !, 
   guilty of bizarre behavior . 
  once rescued 2 norwegian guys who were walking around the streets in seattle . 
  they crashed at my place for 2-3 weeks . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about !, 
    seattle 1987-2008 , there was an 18 month detour . 
  what bands do you like ? 
  alice in chains/mad season , soundgarden , mother love bone , nirvana , mudhoney , the melvins , pearl jam , audioslave , temple of the dog , candlebox , nevermore ... . i might have a stupid story . 
  holy crap , so you were there for the whole grunge thing . 
  yeah , you just listed pretty much all of my favourite bands right there . 
  i 'm all ears for the stupid story !, 
   wow , the photos of alsace ... so fairytale to me . 
  living in a place where a building that 's 150 years old is rare . 
  makes me more than happy to hit my head on 500 + year old ceiling beams . 
  wish we had villages surrounded by farmland instead of ranch style houses with big front yards . 
  and you have the chance to live in an area of incredible nature my friend . 
  i would love to visit sometimes , we lack a bit the wide open wilderness around here . 
   if you ever need a large pickup fix , we 've got you covered . 
  haha , awesome !, 
  cheers !, 
   most people are nice wherever you happen to be . 
  i still think there 's something rather unique about the people of us/canada . 
  one time me and a bunch of friends were stranded in the middle of the night outside a train station somewhere in bumfuck massachussets . 
  a middle-aged couple saw our clueless asses and simply drove us over to our hotel a good 15 minutes drive away . 
  i have tons of other examples like that of genuine generosity which are quite unique for western countries imo . 
   what 's something interesting to see in your part of the world ? 
  oh man i do n't even know where to start !, 
  i grew up in a region called alsace most famously known for it 's [ white wine ] ( http://www.vinsalsace.com/assets/img/layout/vignoble-et-route-des-vins/home/hero-m.jpg ) , [ cosy villages ] ( http://apps.tourisme-alsace.info/photos/eguisheim/photos/253000781_1.jpg ) and [ christmas celebrations ] ( https://www.voyages-sncf.com/sites/default/files/files/voyazine_article/img/import_voyazine/3224030_large_les_plus_beaux_marches_de_noel_en_alsace.jpg ) . 
  i feel true love for that area . 
  where are you actually from ? 
  north west ? 
  being a grunge fan it 's one of my dreams to check out seattle and the surroundings . 
  nah man , i had a great time there overall . 
  all the people i 've met have been genuinely very pleasant although somewhat misinformed about life outside the us . 
  but i was guilty of that too before i first visited . 
  i thought that everybody would be driving american land yachts but you ca n't imagine my dissapointment when i felt like people were mostly driving camrys , corollas and accords . 
  to be fair that was a time before getting information from google was a thing and i also had a lot of misconceptions about the us . 
  so i did n't take offense in that , just found it odd . 
  i was n't sure what was happening as i was pretty young at that time but i was like `` oh yeah supermarkets , yeah we have them too . '', 
  and i think her reaction was `` oh , okay '' followed by an awkward pause . 
  it 's relatively common but finding good cheap maple syrup is pretty hard . 
  :( i 'd be happy to have some !, 
  reminds me of that time when i had an american host family explaining to me the concept of supermarkets and shopping malls ... 
  yeah river bathing can always be full of nasty surprises , i prefer sticking to ( kinda ) stagnant water . 
   it is a dangerous place to swim may i ask why ? 
  fuck yeah , ratatouille is awesome !, 
  also moli\u00e8re and emile zola, 
  this guy drinks . 
  wait ... that came out weird . 
  you forgot probably the best one : [ patrick s\u00e9bastien - grazie mille ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdvw-hlrbbs ) basically a thank you to italy for the pizza and pasta . 
  wonderful . 
  still remains fairly popular now . 
  got ta get those `` g '' from deeeeep down there , make it so it sounds like you 're hacking from waaay down there . 
  i still ca n't get used to it . 
  i 've seen both tbh . 
  he 's up there but got a dirty rep since he was involved in the fifa scandals last year as well . 
  i still remember as if it was yesterday . 
  my mates and i were dumbfounded when we saw it happen , we thought we did n't see it correctly . 
  and then we lost the game . 
  and then we lost the competition . 
  many sad beers were had after that . 
  probably because all of us understand english . 
  i 'm pretty confident that tourists from bumfuck china have similar stupid questions . 
  we just ca n't understand them . 
  no , not really , only a fraction of the population eat it only for special occasions .
