   who visited in india , it 's much worse than russia can confirm !, 
  thanks , good to know !, 
  but i 'm still rather pedant when i look at a recipe that is n't fully in metrics . 
  but that 's perhaps more my slight ocd . 
  you 've ever been to sea or india ? 
  because that was probably the worst for me . 
  yup , 250g of flour , 400ml of milk , etc. 
  i lose my shit when i find a recipe where everything is measured in `` cups '' or `` tbsp '' . 
  can confirm . 
  people are litterally racing from one light to the other , it 's pretty stupid . 
  thanks !, 
  aawww , i think it 's pretty awesome . 
  it 's surprisingly upbeat and still feels very patriotic . 
  what is it about ? 
  not really no . 
  we have viadeo but most users have switched to linkedin , dailymotion could have been good but turned into garbage a few years ago , now it 's pretty much on life support . 
  pretty much everybody 's on facebook , snapchat and others , no real active alternative afaik in france . 
  we have a few mildly active forums like jv.com ( kind of like our 4chan ) or hardware.fr but that 's about it . 
  i think you might get a better reception in the local subs or even better in / r/travel . 
  cheers !, 
  some time ago i met an american tourist looking for his way on a trail , we started talking and the first thing he said after telling me he was from the us was `` i did n't vote for trump !, 
  i do n't like him ! '', 
  really defensively . 
  i was like `` dude chill , i wo n't start to hate you just because you are american , lolwut '' . 
  i found that interesting . 
  fillon is rumored to have payed close family members ( wife , son and daughter ) for years under `` ghost contracts '' ( emplois fictifs ) . 
  judges are finding out if their employment were justified ( if they actually worked for his cabinet ) or if it is embezzelment . 
  fillon always appeared as a clean politician amongst his competitors within the french right , this partially helped him to win the primaries as most other candidates were seen as crooked and corrupted . 
  now that this penelope-gate was uncovered , all hell broke lose and the french right is currently looking for potential alternative candidates to represent them . 
  it is not looking good for fillon at the moment . 
  [ full article in french ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/politique/elections/penelopegate-au-total-penelope-fillon-aurait-percu-plus-de-900-000-euros_1874658.html ), 
  thanks , til !, 
  well , while i certainly am not a fan of his position , i also do n't appreciate people asking for witch-hunts again other users . 
  i also believe that 's against the site rules , so be careful with that . 
  lightbulbs ? 
  why ? 
  good point , i was mostly talking about the ford era cars . 
  the s-90 are gorgeous cars indeed , but far away from the origins of the company imo . 
  but i am glad to see that volvo seems to have found a way to market and sell their cars properly again . 
  older volvos have the reputation of beeing quirky turbocharged tanks , that are rugged , practical and overengineered ( with a lot of emphasis on safety ) . 
  however , that time is long gone imo since most modern volvos are more adapted to the global market . 
  they 've moved their brand upmarket and spared money by using existing vehicle platforms since when they were bought by ford in ' 99 . 
  imo nowadays , most entry level volvos are vastly overated and overpriced , you 'd really need to have deep pockets to pick up a nice one . 
  the time of good old safe volvos has past , now they 're pretty much equivalent to any run of mill vw . 
  unfortunately , a wwiii with nukes is n't really a war , it 's simply closer to the end of humanity based on mutual assured destruction . 
  we get a bit of everything to be honest . 
  on most days we 're snotty surrender monkeys under shakira law speaking a funny language , but occasionnally we 're a romantic socialist paradise . 
  one thing is rather standard though , parisian waiters are rude ( this one has some truth to it ) . 
  ooooh , lime and pink pepper sounds delicious !, 
  that sounds pretty good , i 'd definitely try it !, 
  which is good , it means that there 's more for us who enjoy that because it is absolutely fine . 
  i love wikipedia 's factual description :  strangers to this custom probably ask where the musik is . 
  they most likely are told , die musik kommt sp\u00e4ter , i.e. 
  the music `` comes later '' . 
  huh ? 
   this is a euphemism for the flatulence that the raw onions usually provide . 
  what is it ? 
  looks like some kind of potatoes/red beet pur\u00e9e . 
  thanks for sharing , yeah that makes sense . 
  whenever i go up snowy roads i often see bmws or mbs skidding all over the place or having a hard time going up alltogether , but i think it has more to do with the driver than anything else . 
  any scary stories ? 
  i ca n't imagine taking up a snowy mountain road in a rwd car . 
  that 'd be my guess as well . 
   i also suspect france might relax their laws to lure the companies in . 
  yup , it really depends on the next presidential elections , but odds for the right conservatives are looking rather good right now ( only looking at the popularity of the right 's primaries compared to the left 's ) . 
  depends on the airport and personnel in my experience . 
  often i tend to `` forget '' to remove them and most of the time the staff just shrugs and ask me to keep moving . 
  i think that sums it up nicely , also brussels . 
  apart from seeing something similar to berlin in 1961 , i do n't know what would be the future of brussels in a divided belgium . 
  i 'd have their freedom of press as well . 
  not that our government actively censors newspapers , but more the fact that most of them are owned by huge conglomerates which dislike publishing stories putting them in a bad light . 
  just overheard a conversation in dutch in a train the other day , flemish sounds like music in comparison . 
  holy shit i could hear the boogies bubbling up in one of the guy 's throat , almost wanted to ask him if he was okay ? 
  funny thing is , that in the french dub he 's italian . 
  belgium has some very nice bike friendly roads to cross the country , however be careful as there are plenty of paved road which get old reaaaally fast ( unless you enjoy still feeling the earth shaking after stopping for an hour ) . 
  hope you 're fit enough to go through the mountain passes of the pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es and the alps though !, 
  those are no joke especially if you plan to load your bike with your tent/food/clothes . 
  difficult to tell you about the best spots of each of the cities you listed as you can pretty much write a book for each of them , the wiki-travel will already give you a ton of info about what you can expect . 
  i can only advice to perhaps change your route through switzerland/france , i 'd leave z\u00fcrich behind and favour lausanne and the riviera , neuchatel and bern before heading to basel . 
  mulhouse is meh imo and i ` dd add strasbourg to your list before heading back north-east to karlsruhe ( shameless plug to / r/strasbourg where you 'll find plenty of info in the stickied thread ) . 
  your stops through belgium seem a bit odd to me as well : why specifically waterloo ? 
  in your place i 'd go through antwerpen , ghent , bruges/ostend and perhaps follow the coast down to dunkirk before heading to lille . 
  as much as i love brussels , i think you can maybe leave it out and favour a more western/coastal route which i think should be way nicer . 
  yeah , where i 'm from you 'd only see people wearing it for weddings or other special occasions ( f\u00eates du vin in the summer ) and mostly in the country side . 
  fresh fruits and vegetables pretty much year round is the way to go !, 
  take your upvote and get out of here . 
  i 've traveling there for work with rather low expectations ( not sure why ... ) but i have to say that i found most people i 've met very kind and professional and just overall had a great time there . 
  i 've been wanting to come back for holidays ever since to enjoy it a bit more !, 
  you guys are cool . 
  i need more info . 
  the thing is you can find good food if you want , but if you 're looking for some cheap quick and dirty stuff then it goes downhill fast . 
  usually i find american food in general too excessive for my taste : often it 's too sweet , too greasy , too meaty , too much flavouring , etc. 
  i 'm fine with having a greasy burger every once in a while , but i enjoy some subtlety a bit more . 
   how does it work in parliament [ hahahahaha ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007%e2%80%9311_belgian_political_crisis ), 
  while i agree that / r/france is left-leaning ( sometimes annoyingly so ) , francelibre is filled with garbage articles and bitter users trying to push their far-right agendas . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  you people are animals ... 
  nah man , no need to apologize !, 
  and actually i think since i went there , the municipality took measures to fight against the degradations done to the walls , so it 's not like i was the only one displeased with that . 
  you know , i watched the [ sun set from the castel san pietro ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/view-verona-sunset-castle-san-pietro-romantic-italy-31250442.jpg ) later on and made me completely forget about juliette 's house .
