maybe not but we only have brexit to deal with . 
  you 'll have brexit and a massive immigration problem . 
  when turkey ebbed the flow which does n't look like it will stay that way for long . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you do n't have the laws , technology or experience . 
  if the uk security services in europe could just be replaced why would the eu be calling it blackmail ? 
  it 's the only reason i come here . 
  it 's quite rare to see it this extreme . 
  they are biased towards the eu . 
  on radio 4 this week they had a producer on to explain why the bbc was n't biased and all he did was convince that they were . 
  ask to join the commonwealth . 
  i 've heard the eu will be asked to join in a couple of years as an associate member for free trade . 
  looks like they 've chosen london then seeing as they 've just signed the lease on a new building for 25 years . 
  i think this hilarious . 
  the fact that some eu people are having to use cartoons as a coping mechanism is worth whatever brexit costs . 
  the europeans are desperate for that uk cash are n't they . 
  straw donkeys seem popular . 
  yes there will nicola in a generations time . 
  it 's tuesday next week . 
  it 's tuesday next week . 
  more like the eu will join the commonwealth trading group . 
  i 'm sure we will pay what we are required to legally and perhaps some more to secure a trading arrangement but calling may a bully and incompetent for acting in the uks best interest is pathetic . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate i do n't know one person apart from myself that does more than walk to and from work . 
  this company was on the bbc a few times before and after brexit explaining what they do so i 'm not sure why people are so outraged nearly a year later - perhaps its because they thought they 'd were going to win . 
  i know inflation in the eurozone is supposed to be soaring soon but trillions in the space of 2 years . 
  we could buy europe for that . 
  let 's not forget our $ 26bn share of the eib that we will be taking back as well . 
  looks like brexit is going to be quite profitable . 
  the vote was last year however the brexit process has only just started . 
  his role will be central in any future debates relating to the eu . 
  yes it would . 
  this is n't the first time he 's stepped over the mark . 
  and let 's not even get started on the publicity his wife courts . 
  it 's not illegal but it 's breaks the rules of being the speaker . 
  he 's free to have an opinion but if he wants to use his office to promote that opinion then he should resign . 
  the french elections are n't for another 2 + months so at 2 months prior to brexit remain was still ahead . 
  it 's not childish it 's true - however not caring about a country and wilfully wishing for a country to fail are two very different concepts . 
  i could n't give a flying shit about france but i 'd not want it to fail . 
  i know a few people now who would have changed their minds - all from remain to leave . 
  i suspect there are a few more but do n't want to lose face by admitting it . 
  various reasons though most hinge around economics and how some parts of the eu have reacted . 
  i do n't think may ever set a date just that it 'd be before the end of march . 
  personally i 'd be inclined to believe the 9th is the earliest date it will be triggered as it was most likely leaked to give the money markets some unofficial notice . 
  is n't the french system designed in a different way so outliers do n't get to win ? 
  yea ten platoons from your imaginary eu army and a hundred tanks you 've collected from your kinder eggs . 
  did you mean secret sequels or squirrels ? 
  not obvious at all . 
  you 're basing this on every business having to rely on imports and this is simply not true . 
  companies i work with have seen revenue go through the roof in the past six months as european suppliers are dropped . 
  so my point is correct and valid ; there are going to many uk companies who are booming now and will be going forward . 
  what 's your point ? 
  what about them ? 
  and uk exporters . 
  business will be booming for some uk companies over the next few months . 
  bitter little person are n't you . 
  the telegraph journalist . 
  it 's in the title ? 
  as a leave voter i fully support those two taxes as well . 
  calling it a brexit tax is just ridiculous . 
  if the eu want to introduce an eu wide tax then call it just that . 
  there is an enforcement mechanism - it 's the us no longer providing defence cover . 
  by the end of march 2019 - it 's pretty much been in the papers every day since the pm said that is when we will have left by . 
  the act this refers to expires in 10 days . 
  by the time the actual `` snooper charter '' goes through the courts the uk and the eu will be divorced . 
  trade deals will be specific to the u.k. so wo n't need to consider any other country apart from the one the deal is with . 
  is the qatari bail out not linked to a yes vote ? 
  looks like it . 
  just wait for the invoice to arrive . 
  apple products are n't made in the uk so they will pay whatever tax they pay now . 
  if this were truly british we 'd have seen you queue first . 
  apple is n't building up its london base for nothing . 
  if we get a good trade deal then 40 billion is a pretty good deal for the uk . 
  this is based on a 3 year transitional deal at 10bn a year and 10bn for any extra commitments . 
  a 3 year transition will also give the eu extra time to cut back their spending and for the remaining eu countries to increase their contributions . 
  nothing to do with how big or not britain is . 
  but bless you for trying . 
  do you mean how many eu farms will collapse when they can no longer export to the uk ? 
  become a vegan ? 
  i voted leave for the same reasons . 
   the brexit is actually a good thing for the eu stop complaining about it then . 
  you 've changed your comment to make it appear you were commenting about something else ? 
  that 's so funny . 
  generally the consensus when you reply to someone is that you are replying to their comment . 
  my comment was about the speed in which the eu negotiates to which you 've responded and attempted to claim gove will drop the whole agreement . 
  like i said pretty hefty mental gymnastics going on there . 
  face what ? 
  the fact the uk can and will negotiate quicker than the eu can ? 
  will do . 
  how you get from one minister stating a position on one issue to him dropping the whole agreement is some pretty fantastic mental gymnastics . 
   i have no clue about the british chicken industry yet you know that us chickens will be 20 % cheaper and uk farmers will be forced to do the same - amazing !, 
  you are joking right ? 
  gove has just said no chlorinated chickens so that will be the position of his department until the agreement is signed or he is replaced . 
  the eu would n't have even managed to translate all documentation after 3 days , let alone come to a decision . 
  and even if by some miracle the eu managed to get those translated documents they 'd be having a committee meeting about how to get said documents into the hands of the right person in each of the 27 governments . 
  i 'd love to hear your reasoning for saying that ? 
  yes and i speak to people in finance every day - you ? 
  maybe , poleaving ? 
  leading to euollapsing . 
  absolutely right and once the eu introduces a tobin tax it will be the eu banks heading to london and leaving behind skeleton staff . 
  how do you know it was stupid ?
