  you just implied it was nonsensical . 
  which one is it ? 
  that told me did n't it . 
  wait i was told all food came from the eu so it 's the eu that has lower standards then for food is what you are saying . 
  the french do n't need a un mandate they have super-macron . 
  i do believe we have agreed or its been discussed to lend france our next new carrier - though that may change for brexit reasons . 
  we 're paid up members until 2019 so until then we will carry on as normal . 
  you ca n't say we have to stick to the rules , such as not negotiating trade deals , and the complain about being involved in shaping future policy . 
  it 's one or the other . 
  it was macron or le pen . 
  france would probably be on fire if le pen was voted in . 
  the article title is `` dagmara przybysz death : inquest hears ` bullying ' claims '' slightly different to saying a 16 year committed suicide because of xenophobic bullying . 
  this is why this sub gets a bad rep. 
  i think the eu negotiators are struggling to get any reaction from the uk government so are putting pressure on various media outlets with articles like this . 
  the ultimate goal of being free the eu will always outweigh any financial cost . 
  or it 's because it 's the birthplace of merkel . 
  let 's be frank here , that article was written by the independent to make it look like france/eu is making some sort of snub to the uk . 
  the reason that article was posted here was to get fake internet points from people who want the uk to suffer or be humiliated because they voted to leave their beloved eu . 
  you may not have a problem with it but many still do and they really need to get a grip because it 's happening . 
  if leaving the eu makes you sad just bear in mind the likelihood of the future uk/eu relationship being very similar but with extra paperwork is pretty high . 
  i do n't see the problem with this the uk is leaving and those books will be used for a few years . 
  there will be lots of practical changes in the next two years so people need to get used to it . 
  yes it looks like they will . 
  this part of brexit might be more interesting than anything that happens in the uk/eu negotiations . 
  that 's how you end up with bing as your default search engine . 
  the uk will leave in about 18 months so i would say now is the right time to start to question where the additional money is going to come from . 
  even if the uk does contribute some money as an exit bill that will just be a one off event . 
  it 's doubled from yesterday . 
  eurobonds ? 
  there does seem to be a school of thought on reddit that only the eu make food and drinks . 
  i 'm sure the australian wine makers are ramping up production already in anticipation . 
  we should all be getting id cards not just ex-europeans . 
  one that covers your driving licence , nhs access and can be used at banks would be a good idea . 
  carrot ? 
  actually she won the vote and is still the prime minister . 
  i do n't think imposing a tax will make the us change their mind about making a trade deal . 
  good . 
  spanish hotels should be contacting the uk police . 
  i 've no sympathy for these types of people . 
  you 've just been caught out as an idiot do n't make it worse for yourself . 
  if you need that explained you should n't be commenting on nato or millitary spending . 
  those eu standards are going to drop so fast . 
  german car makers have already said so . 
  he will have germanys money soon through bonds . 
  you quoted the article so if there is a fool around here it 's you . 
  has n't macron just said the eu is going bypass trump and make deals with individual states following the paris agreement fallout ? 
  hypocracy aside things are going to get very messy for the eu in the next couple of years . 
  oh the europeans wo n't like this . 
  i suspect a lot of name calling heading trumps way soon . 
  why what do the kanaka maoli think about it ? 
  losing access to 50 % of their market must be very worrying for irish farmers right now . 
  i think it was said at the start of this election process that may needed to bring the lead down to around 10 points or there was a risk of conservative voters becoming complacent on election day . 
  they are already in the uk ? 
  they are building their new hq for when they move from ireland . 
  what happens if irelands says no ? 
  if you are so confident that the eu will come out of this unscathed then you have nothing to worry about then do you . 
  the mindset that it 's the uk vs eu is quite naive in my opinion . 
  if you want to spend your time stating the the uk will fail then you 're free to do that , meanwhile the world moves on . 
  it will be number four . 
  it always was going to be number four . 
  both the uk and the eu will go into recession and then the uk will restructure its economy to grow into new markets . 
  i 'm not so sure the eu can do that as easily with 27 nations unless they go for full on integration . 
  we lost and still have to pay the bill again next year . 
  it 's possible i only saw the union jack part . 
  british streakers are out then . 
  the german song sounds like the beginning of titanium . 
  that dancer looked angry . 
  i think he pulls his other one day and night thinking up conspiracy theories . 
  no , but they 'd need to know them personally to know what the meaning of the mural the same as every other one they have done . 
  the 120,000 job losses will go down like a sack of merde . 
  know the group personally do you ? 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  we have extracate from the eu membership not make deals with 175 countries . 
  also , if there is a dispute it just goes to arbitration so both involved parties continue trading as is until it 's decided . 
  if the uk reverts to wto the eu tariffs will have to change as well . 
  the eu have now made a hard brexit palatable and most likely option . 
  at least i 'll end up paying lower corporation tax . 
  to be fair there will be clauses in the agreement on how to handle the eu if it disintegrates , the difference being here is that the uk is still playing its cards close to its chest . 
  the eu . 
  riots could break out in cities across france after results are announced of the first round of the presidential election , intelligence services have warned , as the most unpredictable vote in decades goes ahead amid a heightened terror alert . 
  trouble is almost certain if the far-right leader marine le pen and her far-left counterpart jean-luc-m\u00e9lenchon are the two candidates who make it through to the second and final round on may 7 , according to a report issued by french intelligence services . 
  the confidential document , leaked to le parisien newspaper , said that at the top of the list of potential security problems as millions of france cast their ballots was the `` jihadist threat . '' can marine le pen win the french election ? 
  the report came just two days after a french jihadist claiming allegiance to the islamic state ( isil ) shot dead a policemen on the champs elys\u00e9es avenue in paris , bringing election campaigning to an early end and thrusting security issues back to the top of the political agenda . 
  around 50,000 police officers and 7,000 soldiers will be deployed to protect voters around france on sunday for the first round , which has turned into a four-way race between ms le pen , mr m\u00e9lenchon , the scandal-scarred conservative fran\u00e7ois fillon , and the maverick centrist emmanuel macron . 
  an opinion poll conducted on thursday and friday showed ms le pen and mr macron tied on 23 percent , ahead of mr m\u00e9lenchon with 19.5 per cent and mr fillon on 19 per cent . 
  marine le pen reacts to the terror attack in paris 00:59 but due to the margin of error pollsters factor in , there is no safe bet as to which two will make it to the second round of what has so far been the most unpredictable french presidential election in decades that comes in the wake of the uk 's shock decision to leave the eu and donald trump 's presidential triumph in the us . 
  the french intelligence report leaked to le parisien said that spontaneous demonstrations - which might turn violent - could be held in major cities and troubled banlieues after the results are announced at around 7pm uk time on sunday . 
  police shooting sparks violent protests in paris the report spoke of `` public disturbances in the case of the presence ( in the second round ) of parties which are said to be extremist , '' a reference to ms le pen and the communist-backed firebrand mr m\u00e9lenchon . 
  `` in this case , protests are almost certainly to be expected , '' it said . 
  the document also warned of farmers , hopsital staff and students taking to the streets to protest against the results . 
  one in four voters is still undecided , according to polls that also said the french are more worried about jobs and the economy than terrorism . 
  emmanuel macron reacts to the terror attack in paris but analysts warned that thursday 's shooting in paris could change that . 
  the anti-eu and anti-immigrant ms le pen moved quickly to present herself as the strongest defender against islamist radicals in a country under a state of emergency since a string of terror attacks that began in 2015 and have killed more than 230 people . 
  `` this war against us is ceaseless and merciless , '' she said , accusing president fran\u00e7ois hollande 's socialist government of a `` cowardly '' response to the threat . 
  mr macron and mr fillon also hastily convened televised briefings in which they vowed to protect the country . 
  mr m\u00e9lenchon was the only one of the four to stick to his schedule after thursday 's attack , which came just days after two men were arrested in marseille on suspicion of planning an imminent attack on one of the presidential candidates . 
  he called for a `` europe of rebels '' , during a rally on friday evening in paris with pablo iglesias , the head of spain 's far-left podemos party . 
  `` several europes are possible , it does n't have to be just their europe , '' said mr m\u00e9lenchon , a eurosceptic who has pledged to renegotiate treaties with the bloc . 
  wo n't last long as the central heating has gone back on . 
  they probably wo n't but if the eu decides to relocate them they ca n't ask the uk to pay for them to be relocated .
