  choooo chooooo, 
  but personally i just do n't like his haircut . 
  hm interesting , i 'm not doubting you man , just sounds a lil too good to be true , you know what i mean ? 
  make / r/flying great again, 
  that 's the impression i 'm getting from a few folks at envoy and piedmont right now . 
  hey good for them . 
  that honestly seems like a win/win for most pilots out there . 
  yeah it is a weird industry for sure . 
  do you know if he was somewhat senior ? 
  i 've read on apc that atlas runs most of their guys pretty darn hard . 
  there was a good amount of complaining of long trips 14 + days and such so it 's rather surprising that there 's someone who has n't flown a trip in that long . 
  i 'm going to have an opportunity to upgrade at my current company or go to a regional probably within the next year or year in a half . 
  a regional will be a step up for me career wise , but upgrading at my company will pay me better than a regional will for a good while . 
  and knowing how quickly things can change in this industry i 'm trying to decide what 's the best and most secure move . 
  the long term goal would be to fly heavy metal . 
  oh ok gotcha , thank you for the detailed response i appreciate it !, 
  gotcha , well it used to be a good ol' boys club before , i know it changed since at the purple and brown . 
  my idea was getting on with acmi and later on attempting a transition to the big two . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  lol watch them notam them as right traffic xd, 
  i thought he was referring to slc to be honest, 
  found the freight dog, 
  quitting aa just because you got pr ? 
  that seems pretty strange . 
  never go ifr into vmc man , that 's shirley not to be taken lightly . 
  remember you got ta stay current with your 6 chute pulls in the preceding 6 cal . 
  months too, 
  in fact i 've heard that the bigger birds are junior , since all the older guys wan na fly 737 and smaller to be home more, 
  i find it ironic how we went from hating a 22y/o kid who flies a caravan to hating another 22y/o kid who flies a 777 . 
  only at / r/flying, 
  i will say he does have a better haircut than swag martian, 
  check out swayne martin . 
  he 's an airline pilot out of hawaii that flies airliners . 
  he has a youtube channel and everything !, 
  he 's # 1 . 
  dude , i get it . 
  you and i are on the same page . 
  does n't make it any less ironic . 
  * irony n. - a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often amusing as a result . 
  a lot of people ( including myself ) shat on a kid who flies a caravan and calls it an airliner . 
  therefore one would expect the members of this community to approve of a kid who 's flying an actual airliner . 
  however contrary to that expectation , we do not approve of him either . 
  as a result it 's amusing . 
  ( at least to myself ) it 's ok if you do n't share my sense of humor . 
  shhhh . 
  do n't teeeelll him this 'd be hilarious, 
  god bless you man . 
  hope they recover soon, 
  yeah i 've been digging through apc to find the g/b/u . 
  i still got time , so when it 's time to pull the trigger hopefully my research is going to be complete . 
  use a tupolev 154 instead . 
  not an atp . 
  everyone gets lonely , not just pilots . 
  it 's normal . 
  i work 5/2 . 
  not exactly commutable . 
  but i 'm young so i do n't mind . 
  recently moved to a new base and expecting to move again soon . 
  pros - right now i enjoy not having an anchor and being able to move on a whim for work . 
  i 'm responsible for nobody besides myself . 
  and i need that right now . 
  i do enjoy going places . 
  i go places maybe twice a month . 
  i like feeling like i 'm doing something . 
  it allowed me to catch up with some old friends . 
  when i do n't travel or whenever i have free time i write/play music , read , go to the gym and do outdoorsy shit . 
  the biggest con is making new friends . 
  where i 'm based right now there 's a strong language barrier , so that makes it even harder . 
  simplest advice here is that you 're not gon na find friends unless you 're open to people . 
  if you sit around with your headphones in , arms crossed and sunglasses no one is gon na wan na talk to you either . 
  be friendly and genuine and people will be receptive to that . 
  try to give everyone a fair chance . 
  it does n't mean that you 'll become the fucking prom king all of a sudden , but it does help a lot . 
  i worked there . 
  pm me for details . 
  oh your friend must know so much about the operation after the brief interview huh ? 
  their facility in rme is pristine . 
  the virgin mary herself could eat off that hangar floor . 
  and also lai does n't have a cp . 
  so get your facts straight before you shit on a company you know nothing about . 
  out off all the shit i read on this thread this makes the most fucking sense . 
  cheers mate, 
  welcome to aviation . 
  the real commies have n't been around since before you were born, 
  und , now i fly airliners for mokulele . 
  gim me dat gofundme action, 
  nah brah mukululu is no bueno . 
  they do n't even have a chute . 
  and swag martian does n't use hazloads . 
  also vape juice is mucho $ $ $ in hawaii . 
  seems like a total slime ball operation . 
  ** go fund yourself !, 
  the real question is can you get a disabled person out of a cessna if the need arises ? 
  i 'm calling my local chinese restaurant, 
  good to see one of these from a fellow freight dog . 
  flying meatbags is overrated anyway xd, 
  ayy another shorts pilot !, 
  nice !, 
  i love flying the shoebox . 
  so many opportunities for jokes on the radio .
