  i like to round out the turn , so my base leg is very short i usually put the gear down as i 'm turning final . 
  i maintain about 105 throughout the turn . 
  add flaps on short final . 
  it 's similar , the only truly different thing is decision making . 
  you pax have somewhere to be and they 're paying you to do so , so you better have some good reasons if you 're not going due to external factors . 
  on a ppl level it 's more acceptable to completely avoid the risk . 
  instrument was awesome though , my favorite type of training , made me feel like a big boy . 
  i did almost all of it at night too which made it even cooler . 
  huh that 's interesting i did n't know that . 
  thanks man . 
  ahhh the great mi 26 towing a tu 134 . 
  my grandfather used to fly those back in ussr for aeroflot , he later went on the 154 . 
  truly amazing planes , i got to sit inside of one when i was young . 
  oh yeah in a good way . 
  very robust , you could fly them to hell and back . 
  i 'm more familiar with the 154 than the 134 displayed in the photo . 
  for example you could conduct normal ops in them ( 154 ) with one engine inop . 
  you needed to have truly experienced crew members flying it because it had little automation in the beginning and was a very fast jet , even by today 's standards . 
  loud , mean and with plenty of bite . 
  operated everywhere from the russian far north all the way to mountains of georgia . 
  very versatile aircraft , i wish they 'd come back . 
  i work for cape air in boston , hope your interview went well . 
  it 's a good company . 
  yes . 
  i work for cape air , and that 's what most our flying is . 
  single pilot 135 , and pretty hard ifr . 
  but once again it 's a twin , a well organized company that has been doing it for a while now . 
  and they do get fos in some circumstances ( ifr w/o autopilot or high mins captains , ioe , etc ), 
  for the right price i would . 
  erich harttman - top ace of all times 352 kills . 
  ivan kozhedub - top allied ace of wwii, 
  i 'm gon na be a dick and tell you that you really should know this . 
  this is one of those regs that can cost you your ticket . 
  how did you pass your oral ? 
  wow , ok guy . 
  maybe you should take things less personally and open up the far aim more often . 
  google and r/flying ? 
  you see that 's the problem , you did n't take any real effort to find the answer . 
  you 'd just rather take the easy way and have someone else answer it for you , when the answer is right in front of you - 61.113 . 
  stop making excuses and go study . 
  asshole sounds about right . 
  either way buz , sorry for hurting your feelings . 
  the whambulance is on its way . 
  hang tight . 
  at least he sings all the lyrics unlike some frontmen * cough * vince neil * cough *, 
  axl or vince ? 
  i 've seen some pretty good recordings of axl in the past 5 years , but ca n't say the same about vince . 
  `` no man , no problem '', 
  - joseph stalin, 
  pilot, 
  the sound of the train going on the rail . 
  i 've seen a guy start one of these to pay his tuition at nyu . 
  i gave him $ 1, 
  this seems like one of those `` wife cuts husbands 's dick off for divorcing her in her dream '' stories waiting to happen . 
  well there 's probably a fetish for that anyway . 
  whatever floats his boat man . 
  this guy makes my bully senses tingle, 
  do you have an appetite ? 
  for a reunion ? 
  * cue in welcome to the jungle *, 
  i 'm so pumped, 
  i disagree , i did enjoy chinese democracy but like so many other younger fans i never got to see anything close to the original line up . 
  that 's what i 'm most excited for . 
  oh i assume that you started a phenomenal band that has the world 's best selling debut record ? 
  i 'd love to see your band , perform . 
  yeah he may not be in the best vocal shape but the guy is pushing 50 , i doubt you 'd be any better . 
  and besides i just want to see something remotely close to the original line up , because i never got a chance to see them in the past . 
  go fuck yourself you sore shithead . 
  i think they 're going on jimmy kimmel show on january 6th to announce it, 
  my band played this back yard show a few years ago . 
  was supposed to be very low key maybe 20ppl showed at most . 
  cops showed up during the sound check because our drummer had zero concept of volume control . 
  we told the police that we 'd keep it down and they left us alone . 
  we hung around until our friends showed up an then started our set . 
  we were in the middle of our second song when some drunk ass hobo showed up and started yelling various profanities and racial slurs around . 
  he even tried to grab the mic from our singer at one point to get those slurs amplified . 
  we brushed it off and kept playing , later however more cops showed up . 
  the hobo declared that he would deal with them and started heading towards the cruiser . 
  thankfully we did n't let him talk to them . 
  cops told us to shut up for good or go downtown for disturbing the peace . 
  we picked shutting the fuck up . 
  we were all teenagers at the time and there was a lot of booze and drugs at the place , so we did n't want the police anywhere close to us . 
  good times, 
  edit : spelling, 
  i 'd say listen to some tunes and see what inspires you . 
  from there observe the style of those guitar players and try to chip away from what they 're doing . 
  we all borrow elements from other players . 
  if you want a practical advice , learn barre chords and a few scales . 
  my suggestion would be the major and the minor scale are a must have . 
  also learn `` johnny b. goode '' by chuck berry that song is an excellent intro to dynamic lead/rhythm switch playing and makes a great use of the minor scale . 
  sounds good man , what are the pickups in that ? 
  do n't get discouraged . 
  marty mcfly was my main inspiration haha . 
  once you get the intro you realize that everything else builds off the same notes and patterns . 
  that 's the good thing about this song , it teaches you precision . 
  i also learned it on the electric guitar so it will be more difficult if you 're learning it on the acoustic . 
  i 've been the only guitar player in most of my bands , but i briefly played with a second guitar player . 
  we used fairly similar equipment i had a small marshall and he had a line 6 . 
  we played lots of rock music , it sounded ok . 
  in my opinion different amps are good because you can tell your tone from the other guys tone .
