  * ny approach chickenhawk 747 is gon na need to go ahead and land in hpn ( terrible choice if you have to take a shit btw for a number of reasons ) we just need to ughhh clean the cameras real quick , uh huh , yeah , right *, 
  * so , yeah i had to divert real quick for uhhhh bodily functions , i 'll be taking back off in 5 *, 
  honestly that 's part of the job , nobody would be mad about that . 
  i just cover up all the windows in the plane , if i ca n't see something like a mountain , heights , buildings or other planes then they 're not there !, 
  yeah they 're those handy little things that help you keep count how many times you told your student `` right rudder '', 
  [ * hmmm i 've seen this somewhere before ... * ** i ai n't falling for this again ** ] ( https://youtu.be/vj_xawdeymc?t=1m16s ), 
  where did you find a chickenhawk that goes 127 tas ? 
  i want to see that miracle of god . 
  worked for $ 10 in bos for a while . 
  not for an fbo though, 
  i remember picking up ice 53f ... good times . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  the coldest winter on my memory was -46 c. 
  and your skin will be ok really without the wind , but once you need to touch something that 's when there 'll be trouble . 
  starting the plane will be borderline impossible though . 
  survey is pretty chill . 
  lots of flight time . 
  i flew 65hrs in december and i had quite a few weather days . 
  vfr gets boring though . 
  night and ifr are tough to come by . 
  the relocations are fun though . 
  you get to fly some real cross countries not the 51nm bullshit . 
  [ houston , austin dallas even boston ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzm3aaypeyo ), 
  midway , tampa , so you wan na go to napa ? 
  provo , jackson hole oh i wan na get you out of teterborooooo, 
  we wan na leave but they wo n't let us goooooo, 
  just saying on the radioooo, 
  we 're stuck in teterboroooo, 
  there 's a lot of work out there . 
  i never realized how much until i started flying it . 
  i hear other companies on approach all the time . 
  there are no real hot spots . 
  but some places get more action than others . 
  usually big cities . 
  you never know where the work will be , but expect to work mostly densely populated areas : towns & cities , not farms and wastelands . 
  i worked some power lines but it was a really off ball job . 
  you 'll have a base but you 'll rarely return to it so prepare for at least 7-8 months on the road with some companies . 
  so if you want something that will keep you local to one spot survey is n't your best bet . 
  even the best survey companies may send you on deployments as long as 3 months . 
  mine is 8 . 
  there also different types of equipment you can work with as mentioned by / u/badlatitude i work imagery so the wx conditions have to be pretty good for me , while if you 've got lidar you 're more flexible . 
  both have advantages and disadvantages . 
  imagery you have a better idea of your work day . 
  lidar - you can fly a hell of a lot more but often it requires 2 people to operate that kind of plane . 
  on that note be careful of some companies , they 'll try to hire you to fly as a camera operator without specifically telling you that . 
  you do n't want that as a pilot , not when everybody is hiring like they are right now . 
  there are plenty of places that do single pilot ops . 
  expect to work a lot . 
  it 's a lot of flying . 
  it will get you mad hours quick . 
  some days it 's awesome , but some days suck . 
  moderate turbulence gets really annoying when you have to fly 50 10-18 mile localizers for 5.5 straight . 
  you 'll learn fuel management pretty well though . 
  hey brotha , you and i are probably in totally different stages in life , but here 's just my $ .02, 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your situation . 
  i like to think that i believe in love , but i also think that when things fall apart and it 's not a bad thing . 
  few happy relationships ever ended up in a break up/divorce . 
  also we live in an age when everything is for show and it 's easy to subconsciously compare your life with the lives of others . 
  especially when you get to your late 20s and early 30s when all of your friends are getting married and popping out kids and you see all of that shit on fb from your hotel room in bumfuck ohio or something . 
  do n't do that , it 's not a competition . 
  you 'll find her man , but do n't focus on that . 
  just keep doing your thing . 
  when i get lonely i get the same tendency to think that if only [ i had a woman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cni_lucj4ek ) i 'd feel better . 
  but i know i would n't . 
  i remember how when i was with my last so how much it ate me up that i had an anchor tying me to one spot , limiting me . 
  when you 're single you can do whatever you want . 
  you do n't need to align your interests with anybody else 's . 
  you can hold any job you want , live anywhere and be responsible for yourself only . 
  happiness does n't come from other people , it comes from within . 
  it comes from your outlook on things . 
  as others have mentioned , you probably need somebody as vigorously independent as you are . 
  and you will find her leading the lifestyle that you have . 
  if you 're independent and the flying/traveling life attracted you , it 's a safe bet that the same life attracts other independent people . 
  she 's out there , put yourself out there and you 'll find her . 
  keep on , keeping on . 
  cheers, 
  you 're welcome and thank you , no i 'm not a writer . 
  i have seen , however , thompson 's movie adaptations of fear and loathing as well as rum diaries . 
  i do want to read them , but i just ca n't sit my ass down to read very easily, 
  here 's my method :, 
  * kick your feet up on the desk *, 
  * slowly take out a cigarette *, 
  * light up , take a nice drag *, 
  * pause and slowly look over at the dpe *, 
  we probably had the same cfi at some point, 
  thats funny about the rudder thing , when i was training for ppl one of the last flights i did i asked my cfi to give me the most bizarre emergency he could think off . 
  the guy stomped on the right rudder and kept it there all the way until landing . 
  so i had to fly sideways to keep flying in straight line uncoordinated as hell . 
  i guess he must 've skipped leg day and just wanted to make up for that, 
  oh i 'm not complaining that was fun , he is a great guy , i miss flying with him . 
  that is quite high , especially accounting that you only need 3hrs of x-c training , even though it almost always exceeds that . 
  you need 5hrs of solo xc and 10hr solo ttl for your ppl under 61.109 . 
  it is common practice for a cfi to do xc 's with you to the airports that you 'll eventually fly solo to and that will put you over those 3 required hours easily seeing how your long solo xc has to be 150nm total , but 13.9 is damn high . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but do you think your flights have been going well ? 
  how do you feel you 're doing in your flight training right now ? 
  because it could be one of two things : your instructor is n't comfortable letting you solo xc ( why is a thread of its own ) or he 's trying to milk your for some time, 
  i just use a regular ( non laptop ) business bag it has a few compartments in it , it 's leather durable and fits all my shit in it , which i do n't have that much of + my headset . 
  hm ok , if i were you i 'd go to the chief pilot or whoever is in charge and explain your situation and your concerns . 
  you have mentioned that you 're on good terms with them so maybe they 'll be able to help you out . 
  maybe they can speak to some of your cfi 's other students and see if there 's a pattern .
