  you 're working on bettering yourself . 
  you go girl . 
  i hope you reach your desired results . 
  we 're all nervous about our appearance . 
  for example my teeth look like i 've spent some quality time in the ring with mike tyson . 
  so it 's normal that you 're nervous . 
  he already agreed to meet you , so he 's interested . 
  i bet you that he 's not an idiot and realizes that dating profile pictures do n't always look like the person who shows up , yet he still wants to meet you . 
  do n't cancel . 
  do n't say anything . 
  play it by ear . 
  i hope it goes well !, 
  they just like-like you but got to nervous when they realized you might answer . 
  but most likely it was to ask you about your dpe ( or to prom ) . 
  i do love the ju ju hounds record a lot . 
  izzy is an amazing song writer and guitar player . 
  that record has so many little hints of appetite on it . 
  especially on `` train tracks '' and `` cutting the rug '' . 
  i did n't dig the snake pit stuff too much to be honest . 
  but slash 's first album and apocalyptic love were phenomenal as well . 
  world on fire fell kind of flat for me . 
  duff mckegans loaded had some cool tunes . 
  went to bridgewater state and graduated recently . 
  since i joined the workforce i 've worked with people that went to und and riddle . 
  we were all flying the same shitty airplanes , the only difference that i had about a third or less of the debt that they had . 
  pm me if you want more info . 
  bsu has its problems but if you 're do n't act like an idiot and work hard it will work out for you better than the big names . 
  would n't be much of red flag for me personally . 
  especially since there 're no kids . 
  the only thing that 'd run through my head would be if you married ( and divorced ) for money . 
  but that would n't discourage me from going on a few dates since it 's something that 's very hard to find out anyway . 
  do n't bring it up right away . 
  maybe wait until a few dates in . 
  cheers, 
  my record was 9.6 in one day and 6.2 in a single flight . 
  all in a fucking skyhawk, 
  135 cargo 5on/2off in base everyday . 
  depending on the base could be flying at night all the time , or during the day all the time . 
  day flying varies , night flying duty on 22:00 duty off 07:00 . 
  found the recruiter, 
  jk good for you man !, 
  it 's always delta is n't it ? 
  seems to be a pattern . 
  i ca n't avoid anyone i fly with . 
  in my base we have a handful of crews and you 're with the same guy for a week . 
  i can work with all of them . 
  some other bases you 're with the same guy ** forever ** ^ ever ^ ever ^ ever so before bidding a certain base it 's good to get scoop on the other guy there . 
  as far as flying it self i can get along with just about anyone , i will say this i do n't enjoy flying with people who put you under the microscope because you 're doing something that they have n't been taught . 
  or the ones with all the crazy tips . 
  but this applies more to ga than to my job . 
  i hear they got a pretty cake schedule there . 
  you do n't fly that much . 
  and that livery is beautiful too . 
  the way i see it if i 'm doing anything for work . 
  i 'm on duty . 
  departure at 11:00 ? . 
  you want me there 1.5 hrs early ? 
  i 'm on duty at 09:30 . 
  which is my show time . 
  20:00 land in base, 
  1:00 to fill out paperwork and clear customs . 
  21:00 duty off once i 'm in my car, 
  all in all 11.5 hr duty day . 
  requires 9hr rest period . 
  so i ca n't duty on again until 6am . 
  next morning 5 with reduced rest . 
  which would fucking suck in either case . 
  less than amerijet & western global ? 
  serious question . 
  roger that , thanks for the heads up . 
  very interesting , i know a lot of people flying the platopus in blue , but i have n't heard of anyone too unhappy with it till about a year ago . 
  it varies greatly from place to place , i 'm lucky enough that at my company the crew report their duty times directly to dispatch . 
  and thankfully we 're not run to our duty limits . 
  but there 's are still a lot of 135s besides mine doing mucho sketchy operacionez with their pilots . 
  nah man , squawk 7500 and then blame it on the highjackers !, 
  you 're in da clear my man . 
  he probably has a bunch . 
  that cholo is drowning in sweet hawaiian pussy flying da # 1 airliner in da world, 
  aspiring flight students . 
  that guy right there is your best friend first night of college . 
  he probably knows where to find some good kush, 
  take the upvote and shove it up your butt, 
  if they tried pulling that shit at the majors the whole fucking mx union would threaten a strike . 
  thanks for the input , i 'll look into those a little bit more, 
  yeah i can see how it can be frustrating for seasoned 747 pilot , i get it . 
  but hey good for those kids though . 
  thank you for the insight , i fly the shorts right now xd . 
  and i 've heard about that curve from some shorts fellas . 
  also are n't southern and atlas going through a pretty tough merge right now ? 
  i 'll shoot you a pm tonight for sure . 
  i 'm not sure about that , you still have to interview do n't you ? 
  and say what you want about the shortage and stuff , at the major level competition is intense . 
  they say that along with an eject lever , there 's a chute lever like on the cirrus , it was lockheed 's way of tricking congress into believing that the airframe can be salvaged if it gets shot down and reused . 
  and that 's how they got approved for additional budget . 
  idk about conventional warfare and such , but when i was doing research for my senior thesis i came across an interesting nasa memo that stated that if the space race continued/or there was public interest and significant funding for space we could 've put a man on mars by 1980 . 
  now this came out shortly after apollo 12 i believe . 
  so that 's using 1970s technology . 
  now imagine if nasa or roscosmos had their cold war funding today , thatd be some neat shit . 
  swag martian circle jerk everyone !!!!, 
  all aboard the hate train !,
