  it punches through the mix better . 
  and that becomes important in a rock/metal setting . 
  i went on to play jazz and had a chance to play a few other guitarists and there everything was clean , so i did n't notice any importance in amp differences . 
  i also use a modeling amp , so i 'm fairly versatile . 
  that 's supposed to be intro to voodoo child . 
  hey guys my name is [ nikita ] ( https://www.nikita1412.bandcamp.com ) this is my last release , it 's a little old by this point , but i 'll be working on a follow up in the next few months . 
  it 's a mix of rock , blues and bits of jazz here and there . 
  it was recorded with a very simple set up in a small apartment for about $ 300 using a pod . 
  i wrote it after my last band fell apart and i had a lot of ideas still floating around . 
  i was graduating high school and had some time on my hands at the time . 
  some of the songs are in russian and include poetry from alexander block . 
  my favorite tracks are `` mr. & mrs. knox '' , `` block '' and '' jackqui encore une fois '', 
  - cheers, 
  edit : formatting, 
  * cough * buckethead * cough *, 
  lol now you can put out your own alternative hipster rock album, 
  pilot here , the plant building these was located in ukraine , but the antonov okb was in fact started in russia and many of the designs were created in russia as well.the bureau was relocated to kiev in 1952 after the city got restored after wwii destruction . 
  today it is a fully ukrainian company . 
  i could argue that soviet pretty much = russian in many ways . 
  especially if you consider the fact that ussr came about from the territories of the russian empire . 
  without russian/soviet influence/rule nothing like that would ever be built in any of the soviet states . 
  it 's like arguing that baikonur cosmodrome would be raised up by kazakhstan on its own . 
  this is an unpopular opinion so i understand if you disagree . 
  i 'd love to hear `` coma '' & `` breakdown '', 
  estranged, 
  civil war, 
  breakdown, 
  rocket queen, 
  nightrain, 
  dust n ' bones, 
  you could be mine, 
  locomotive, 
  paradise city, 
  one in a million, 
  this i love, 
  it 's so easy, 
  get in the ring, 
  do n't cry, 
  i always hated the 172 - missionary position of ga, 
  i did all my training in ma , just going to say one thing - stay away from bridgewater state , if you 're aching to get fucked in the ass by the school that 's the place to go . 
  people are graduating late left and right as there are too many students for the 11 airplanes that they own . 
  but once again getting a flying degree is pretty dumb too , so maybe that 's god 's way of punishing them . 
  but bed has a really good place . 
  a close friend of mine has been flying there for quite a bit and has nothing but good things to say about it . 
  the only thing i 'd imagine it 's more expensive than other places , because they have much newer equipment . 
  which is good and bad for training purposes . 
  i 'll talk to my buddy and i 'll let you know the name , i ca n't remember it off the top of my head . 
  speaking of, 
   the chinese government has grandiose plans to build an airport no more than 5 hour driving time from every place with a population above 100k, 
  a few months ago a group of us was approached by a recruiter to go teach a ground school in china . 
  the salary was about 40k annually and the cost of living is low . 
  the city we 'd be working in is indeed over 100k but also is one of the wealthier regions in china . 
  we were told that the chinese are opening up their airspace system to allow more ga flying to conduct their own flight training . 
  it used to be that everything up to like 18,000 was pretty much prohibited . 
  and that the government is balls deep financing all of this . 
  interestingly enough they were just looking for anyone with a license , no cfi or agi required . 
  just a ppl and fluency in english . 
  i 'm graduating from there this spring , things have n't been very good here . 
  the school is too focused on getting fancy accreditations as opposed to actually running the program well . 
  they 've been accepting 40-60 flight students per year since i came there in 2012 . 
  and with only 8 172s to conduct initial training , that 's way too many . 
  then throw in all the ir , cpl & cfi students and you get a huge mess with about 170 students fighting over 10 airplanes . 
  the system was supposed to be seniority based , but it 's extremely inefficient . 
  i ended up getting kicked off the schedule after submitting my availability 6 months in advance only to find a conflict with a class that 's only offered once a year . 
  i was told that that it 's late to get back on even if i dropped it . 
  you may think i 'm butthurt , and i am , but the truth is there are so many cases like that , that it became normal . 
  if you care about getting out of bsu on time , because you ca n't afford to stay in school longer than you have to , it becomes a big deal . 
  but once again i 'm biased since my experience with them was rather negative , however it is negative for most students who are are past their private/instrument . 
  when it 's good it 's good , but when it 's bad it 's terrible . 
  i feel for the cfis as well , they get payed $ 22.50 now but it 's per flight hour . 
  and now that there are more cfis through the jet blue gateway program a lot of them are fighting over students , which would be good except there 're still not enough a/c to get everybody moving . 
  throw the typical ma weather into the mix and you get a tough living . 
  a1 represent !, 
  great place , i got my cpl with them . 
  best school in the area easily . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  they want to make it a worst case scenario . 
  thank man , it was n't as bad as it sounds . 
  a checkride is a checkride - it sucks . 
  i recently interviewed with a 135 carrier for an fo slot . 
  i already work for them so hopefully it will score me some points . 
  so if hear something good from them that 's what i 'll do . 
  if that does n't work out i 'm graduating this spring with a aviation managment degree and a steady job so i got something to fall back on if does n't work out right away . 
  if i ca n't find a flying gig 3-6 months after graduating i 'll get a cfi and go from there . 
  the minimum was 620 . 
  the engine was still operating , he failed it with the throttle . 
  yeah i would n't be comfortable with that . 
  we performed slow flight at 80mph . 
  at our altitude vmc would 've been 77ish . 
  it 's a perfect set up for the vmc roll, 
   you do n't get to be a dpe without some sense of survival ... 
  well said, 
  that looks badass , i always wondered if anyone attempted to dock a crew module to a booster in the earth orbit and then use it to travel to the moon . 
  schedule, 
  he 'd probably look at me and say `` that took balls - here 's your ticket '', 
  but in reality it would probably be more like `` here 's your letter of disapproval '', 
  [ have fun ] ( https://www.globalair.com/dtpp/globalair_05222vdtz15.pdf ), 
  look into `` rock on good people '' . 
  they have lessons in various genres . 
  really helped me out a while ago when i was starting out .
