  as far as vfr only guys go , it 's all about experience , but less than 1000ft should be more than enough to consider landing at a different airport . 
  i think the 180hp is the archer as someone mentioned before . 
  great plane , i 've fit full tanks and 4 average people into it . 
  damn ... that 'd be such a shame . 
  that 's my fav bird at a1 . 
  how come ? 
  i do n't get why , it handles pax way better than the chickenhawks and has better equipment than 61b and 85b , even the autopilot on it works , it 's a real jem . 
  hell if i had money coming out of my ass i 'd buy it and just lease it back . 
  * that ship can make a kessell run in less than twelve parsecs *, 
  ... too bad it ca n't land on the right runway though ... 
  i ca n't tell if you 're a moronic troll or just a moron in general . 
  it 's a joke you fucking dingbat . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  he may not be capable of observing simple rules , but you 're clearly not capable of normal social interactions . 
  then only thing you fly is your keyboard . 
  [ got yours right here buddy ] ( http://gph.is/2d5vhs7 ), 
  should 've showed up on election day then, 
  you should seriously consider renting from other places . 
  you have low time but there 's no reason anyone would laugh at you . 
  look into joining a flying club or finding a good fbo that rents planes . 
  avoid bigger schools if you want more a/c availability . 
  the place where i rented would let me keep any plane over night/over a weekend as long as i put an x amount of time on the bird , just shop around . 
  there 's a handful of write ups of people buying and operating their own airplanes . 
  do a quick search and there should be a few . 
  some of them will even break down the yearly operating costs . 
  it all depends on what kind of plane you 'd want to get and how you 'd maintain it . 
  it 's not a cheap ride to own an airplane . 
  dump her - you 'll be better off without that shit bringing you down . 
  the dream was there before she was . 
  do your own thing , the right woman will come along at some point , in the mean time do your thing and have fun with it . 
  `` good morning pvd , how are you guys doing ? 
  969bw out of ewb 700 for 2000 would like to request multiple practice approaches at pvd '', 
  pvd appch : [ sigh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31g0ye61plq ), 
  so , can you legally report `` traffic in sight '' if you have it on the tcas therefore assuming the responsibility for collision avoidance , or do you still have to establish visual contact ? 
  `` cessna n12345 podunk center , radar services terminated , squawk vfr , frequency change approved , suuuuuuuuuhhh '', 
  pvd was honestly a lot more chill than ewb in my experience . 
  but i also would drive the guys at ewb up the wall when i 'd show up there for instrument currency and ask for ils5 to the missed to 23bc to rnav14 to rnav32 to ils5 with a hold and ils6 at home . 
  all while there are 3 bear planes doing pattern work . 
  fun times, 
  that 's what i thought , cheers !, 
  oh that ai n't working , that 's the way you do it, 
  money for nothing and your chicks for free, 
  i wonder if he uses that katana to cut hair at his salon ? 
  alright ... 
  which one of you assholes filmed my first bravo transition ? 
  congrats man , to many more !, 
  [ this ] ( http://tenthstreetliquors.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/sky-2.jpg ) is what you need for tonight to celebrate . 
  cheers !, 
   he does n't fly to any other airports except 3 shown to him by his cfi because flying to a new place is to scary for him and if something will go wrong inflight he will just pull parachute lever . 
  he is does n't feel comfortable flying any airplane with no ballistic parachute . 
  this is what we joke about on / r/shittyaskflying for a moment i had to check the subreddit i was on . 
  yeah your friend is a loose canon . 
  if you confront him you 'll most likely lose that friendship . 
  from what you described he either has an ego the size of uss nimitz or he 's just in denial about his skills . 
  it is strange that he acknowledges that he is incapable of flying to other airports though . 
  imo the guy 's attitude is borderline `` careless and reckless '' . 
  you could approach him and say that he can get himself and other people into some deep shit with those habits and that he really needs to get more training and follow the rules . 
  show him some aopa case studies . 
  point him in the direction of a few ntsb reports where the pilot was being careless . 
  i guess you could speak to his cfi as well and voice your concerns . 
  i usually try to mind my own business in these cases , but what you 're describing is intervention worthy . 
  but keep in mind that the odds of you staying on good terms with this guy are pretty low if you confront him . 
  it really sounds like he might just tell you to f *** off . 
  one thing for sure , do n't get into a plane with him again . 
  did you get a dank vape to celebrate ? 
  i mean ... ughhhhhh ... pullll da chuttteee ** all hail qteee hayzloadz **, 
  i 'd absolutely confront him . 
  and the highest rated pilot usually gets slapped if the highest rated pilot is a cfi and some sort of instruction is taking place . 
  if you and i flew together and you were pic and you buzzed the tower only you 'd get f * cked . 
  but if i was a cfii and we were going on your long ir xc and you buzzed the tower , then i 'd have to lube up too . 
  ca n't wait until all the smug flight schools upgrade their fleets to this , just to charge 50k for ppl under the pretense that you need the latest glass in training because you 're guaranteed to fly a 797 right out of school . 
  well , this one time in jesus camp ... 
  it is my firm belief that conducting initial private and instrument training should be done on steam . 
  people can spend their money whichever way they like , but the first flying jobs that a newly commercial guy will have will very rarely involve glass aircraft unless the pilot goes the cfi track at their school and teaches on the same planes that they learned to fly on . 
  over-saturation of information is n't a supplement for basic skills . 
  it 's a lot easier to go from a six pack to a glass cockpit just like it 's a lot easier to go from pilotage and dead reckoning to following the pink line . 
  but not the other way around . 
  you got ta learn to walk before you learn to run . 
  it is important to develop the basics first and then move on to more complicated things . 
  over reliance on automation can be very brutal in the wrong circumstances . 
  not to mention that by learning on steam you 're opening more doors for yourself , you 'll be able to fly more types of aircraft with less effort . 
  story time :, 
  i know of a pilot who recently quit his first flying job because he was uncomfortable flying an airplane that had steam . 
  all of his experience was in glass cockpits and he learned in one of the nation 's top flight schools and he just was n't comfortable taking the plane in imc without a glass panel . 
  i respect him for making a safe judgment call but as far as i 'm concerned he did himself a disservice for not developing those six pack skills . 
  and the job that he was doing did n't have a formal airline style `` in doc training '' where he 'd spend a few weeks doing sims really getting to know the plane , so he was just basically thrown into the action without any sort of training . 
  another story :, 
  i was flying in nyc a few months ago and i heard this exchange . 
  it does n't necessarily pertain to glass , but it does show the issue of over reliance on automation and other distractions on the flight deck . 
  * mooney 123 traffic alert 12 o'clock 4500 less than a mile , report in sight or climb immediately *, 
  * oh yeah we have him on the ipad mooney 123 *, 
  * what does that mean ? 
  * the ipad sir , we have him showing up on foreflight *, 
  * do you have visual contact with the traffic sir ? 
  * we have him on the ipad *, 
  * mooney 123 climb maintain 5000 and turn left 270 immediately *, 
  i wish i made that up , but sadly i did n't . 
  just to re iterate my point . 
  glass is n't evil . 
  it 's a great platform that makes a lot of things much easier for pilots .
