it 's all a matter of opinion , i loved breakdown and dust n bones + 14 years were pretty good too . 
  in fact i 'll listen to breakdown over november rain . 
  thank you !, 
  i non reved with a longboard ( big skate board 40 inches long ) as a carry on bos - fll , it was a bit awkward but , i shoved it in the overhead bin , no problems . 
  tsa were pretty weird about it though . 
  thank you , i agree about the ppl & ir training . 
  my ir training was very efficient under 141 while i believe ppl would 've been better under 61 . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  my grand uncle used to be a pilot for aeroflot in the 70s . 
  flew the tu154 between moscow and sochi . 
  this documentary is shot during the worst period in russian history since wwii , the 90s . 
  it brought back sorrowful memories . 
  from what i know aeroflot in the 70s was a great airline it served destinations all over europe , ussr and asia , things turned sour with perestroika due to lack of proper funding , so by the late 80s and 90s service turned horrible . 
  but today aeroflot is a very modern airline they have a very diverse fleet . 
  most a/c are boeing or airbus however the il 96 is still in service and the new su sj 100 is operated on short regional routes . 
  their salaries are pretty consistent with major western airlines , so things are n't all that bad right now for aeroflot . 
  i sure miss the the tu154 though ... one of the best looking birds imo . 
  brief all you approaches and do the checklists . 
  all of them . 
  no autopilot . 
  you 're trying to simulate maximum workload in imc . 
  if you file and get atc instructions speak out load all the clearances . 
  and do n't bother with the 430 add on . 
  it 's cool but the garmin sim in fsx ( i believe it 's a 530 ) has more functions than the 430 . 
  as far as the weather goes . 
  set all stations to ovc 005 or lower and vis to 3.5 st. miles or lower . 
  i used fsx for all my ir training and it was a great tool . 
  stay ahead of the airplane , constantly think about your next move . 
  what is my next fix , when is approach gon na clear me for the approach if i miss how will i enter the hold . 
  the nice thing about ir checkride is that you 're not gon na have surprises . 
  it 's very straight forward on what you 'll have to do . 
  that 's some bad adm , glad he 's alive but i bet he did n't get the proper weather info , otherwise why would he go up ? 
  and i bet the faa is going to treat this as `` careless and reckless '', 
  are you sure ? 
  i believe the r model calls for 1/4 inch of throttle before the crank . 
  yo i see you 're from kpym too ? 
  small world . 
  what are you looking to do with your license ? 
  are you doing this for fun or do you want to make it a career ? 
  i 'm just wondering because if you 're looking to make flying a career an ir would be a better option right now . 
  yes it 's expensive , but it 's something that you need to have otherwise you 're going to be severely limited as a commercial pilot . 
  alright , it 's good that you have your priorities set . 
  that 's very important . 
  i 'm with a1 . 
  how about you ? 
  i was on my way to nashua , nh ( kash ) and my clearance took me right over the city at 5000 . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the movie , but in beyond good and evil nietzsche emphasizes the absence of the ultimate morality . 
  it 's the only rational way to explain the human outliers such as criminals , murderers , theifs and etc. 
  in other words my set of morals is different than yours and vice versa , since nietzsche rejects the idea of an ultimate maxim such as a categorical imperatif . 
  so what he means is that everyone makes up their own good and evil in a way . 
  nice , ) ), 
  i carry around a longboard ( bigger and faster version of a skateboard ) with me , so that solved my problems in the warm months , but in winter there 's not much you can do . 
  and it 's not always the best way to get around for someone who is older than 20 . 
  fold up bikes are a great idea i 've fit 2 of them in a 152 with a passenger and still had 3lbs before mtow with a couple of bags . 
  well you know pilots ... lot 's of layovers , lots of layunders . 
  well there are classics like - kino , ddt , mashina vremeny ( time machine ) , voskresenye ( sunday ) , splean , chaif , konstantin nikolsky , vladimir vysotsky , aquarium, 
  if you 're into metal - aria , alisa , kipelov, 
  if you 're into ska - leningrad , ruskaja ,, 
  if you 're into more modern rock - bi 2 , nautilus pompilius , mummy troll, 
  hope this helps, 
  rock on !, 
  most people are terrified of airplanes , so i rarely give out invitation to my non pilot friends . 
  just from experience the answer is usually no . 
  if they do n't have the adventure in them to go flying , i 'd rather spare myself the `` it 's safer than driving '' lecture and `` no you do n't have to write your will '' talk and just go by myself and enjoy the absence of anxious questions and nervous ticks in the long delirious burning blue . 
  i ca n't argue with the numbers , regionals in russia are not as safe as in the us . 
  but with that said we have a saying in russia : `` if you 're afraid of the wolves , do not walk into the forest '' by deciding to become a pilot , you 're accepting a level of risk involved with training and the profession . 
  whichever is riskier : flying for ural airways or teaching 18 year old kids to fly as a cfi is anyone 's opinion . 
  in the end it all comes down to where you go . 
  the main issue with russian regionals is old equipment , due to lack of capital . 
  if you go to utair or sibir , then yeah you 'll be flying a tu 154 ( which i 'd take over any other machine , i 've been in love with it since i was born ) , or a third hand b734 , but if you get in with aeroflot or transaero ( highly unlikely , since they mostly hire high time pilots ) , you 'll be working with some of the newest equipment in europe , great salary and great vacation time . 
  besides aeroflot is still a government owned airline so no matter how bad it gets it 's not going to go under . 
  that however does n't guarantee job security . 
  on a more personal note . 
  my favorite part of it is that it shows both the positive and the negative colors of life , that 's what gives it an authentic feel . 
  pff ... all leaders have some stunt along these lines . 
  now if he crashed the airplane , then i 'd be intrigued, 
  in the second case is n't that holding out to the public and illegal ? 
  thanks !, 
  we had -10 in ma today , had trouble starting but no one even thought about breaking that out hahaha, 
  i glanced over it , and it said nothing about transgender and transsexual people . 
  the morale of the video is check yourself before you wreck yourself . 
  the study that it was based off was done at uni of illinois or so and i believe it was based on ntsb data . 
  vfr into imc is the leading killer of vfr pilots . 
  for those of you curios about how your fairly experienced vfr joe would handle it , check this out and make your own conclusions . 
  thanks for all the replies guys !, 
  lots of good info . 
  alright . 
  the acronym is rakets . 
  look you find a broken item and you go through this checklist . 
  91.205 is it required by the reg ? 
  a - is it required by the airworthiness directive ? 
  k - kind of ops . 
  equipment list - if your flight school is part141 or if it 's a part 135 operation or you have some sort of a flight manual for the aircraft in your organization check if the item is required by that . 
  e - equipment list ( poh one ) check the poh required equipment list for that specific aircraft . 
  is the bronken item on there ? 
  t - is the item required by the type rating for the aircraft ? 
  s - is the malfunction going to sacrifice the safety of flight ? 
  if the answer to all of these is `` no '' placard the f *** out of it / remove it and you 're set . 
  if the answer is yes to any one of these then it 's illegal to fly that aircraft .
