  i love the engine management option that the system provides . 
  but for training less = more . 
  in training learn to do a lot with the little that you have . 
  fly a xc with your gps off . 
  shoot an approach using only ils and dme . 
  identify a fix with two vor radials . 
  in the real world ? 
  fuck yeah do the thing that requires the least amount of work , that 's just smart . 
  but as you do that , you still have those additional skills in your mental toolbox ready to go whenever you need them . 
  smoke vape everyday !, 
  well , i 'll tell you how i stopped . 
  i was never a gamer but i did enjoy some cod4 back in the day . 
  but my console broke and i just could n't justify to myself spending money to repair it just to sit around and do nothing . 
  games always made me feel guilty about sitting around , so the console breaking was a perfect opportunity to stop . 
  i also do n't play just because of my cultural upbringing . 
  i 'm russian and back home adult men are n't taken seriously if they 're gamers . 
  what i 'm saying is make it inconvenient to play . 
  take all your games out em in a box somewhere deep in the closet or whatever . 
  disconnect the console and leave it in a different part of the house and take it from there . 
  and when you are sitting around wishing you were gaming go to the gym or to a bookstore , or watch a documentary . 
  i love taking rides in my car just for the hell of it . 
  basically chose an option that involves going outside and interacting with people instead of sitting at home . 
  you should stop apologizing for disagreeing man , we 're having an open discussion here and all opinions are welcomed . 
  as far as bad habits what i 've noticed about glass pilots they tend to be more `` inside the plane '' but that 's just from what i 've observed with a few pilots . 
  so that evidence is n't quantifiable . 
  in the real world do what is the easiest for you . 
  i like steam for that specific reason you listed : i find it quicker . 
  on glass i tend to scan the screen looking a specific item in small font like rate of descent or system voltage/discharge when on steam it 's right fucking there . 
  i do a lot of very busy vfr flying and i have to stay outside much more than inside so i enjoy the familiarity of the steam and the clarity of the layout . 
  once again give me 25hrs on glass and i 'm sure i 'll have no problem using it either . 
  i 'm with you on the xc planning . 
  pen and paper is nice to let the student learn how the intricacies of xc planning , but it is pretty inaccurate in less than good wx conditions . 
  nah , i doubt it . 
  i 'm a pretty happy guy . 
  while i do hold opinions about training flight deck configurations , they do n't really affect my moods . 
  now if we somehow run out jim beam in the next few decades ... then yes . 
  i 'd be truly unhappy . 
   ditch the habit of flying the other pilot 's plane . 
  amen to this . 
  i do n't get how this is n't common sense . 
  i 've done training with action , those guys are awesome . 
  highly recommend . 
  i can see this becoming an interview question :, 
  `` tell me what would you do if you saw your captain in nothing but stockings jerking off on the flight deck ? '', 
  * fuck apc thread did n't mention shit about that question , wtf do i say ? 
  that 's really cool , what kind of experience do these jobs look for ? 
  i always wanted to get into that stuff . 
  survey pilot . 
  building time for the atp . 
  my days off are during weather days ( low clouds/precip ) except ferry days . 
  on the road october - june every year . 
  you flying in alaska ? 
  shred your license . 
  they ca n't take it away if you do n't have it . 
  if they do come for you use tha dank vape to make extra thick clouds . 
  that way they wo n't be able to find you in za cloudz, 
  thank man , that 's really good to know !, 
  have you heard [ dangerzone ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk0p1bk8cx4 ) by kenny loggins ? 
  i 'd start ripping some dank clouds . 
  if you ca n't see the 172s then they 're not there !, 
  waz vaping too hard and oversped the chute so it ripped off :( where can i find another chute ? 
  vould a plastic bag tied to a rope work to ? 
  something to add on to this :, 
  besides the dme arcs where you can substitute the gps in , on some procedures like [ this one ] ( http://155.178.201.160/d-tpp/1702/00898ild33.pdf ) you would have to use the gps as substitute for the dme for your distance readouts in case of a locolizer approach or in case of a glide slope failure . 
  on the plate it 's specified that distances on the profile view are n't from the locolizer i-jst ( 110.1 ) but from the vor jst ( 113.0 ) . 
  small thing but it can trip you up . 
  if you look on the diagram the vor is located about half a mile away from the loc antenna . 
  that 'd be significant enough to cause some spacial disorientation during a critical phase of flight . 
  congrats on the rating !, 
  you 'd have to be reaaallly far away and reaaally high for the slant range to have a significant impact . 
  we all did, 
  you 'd have to be at [ fl420 ] ( https://youtu.be/adiyilo-_ug?t=9s ), 
  you can become a controller as well , however you ca n't hold a commercial or atp certificate . 
  i was in that musical in high school ... i played the dentist too . 
  still remember this song word by word and all the dance moves . 
  this really made my afternoon . 
  you know what screw flying ? 
  broadway is calling my name, 
   whichever path you end up choosing -- happiness is a choice . 
  you wake up every single morning and decide to be happy or not . 
  amen brother . 
  happiness for the most part is a matter of perspective . 
  currently flying pictures , got picked up with them with a bit under 300hrs . 
  commercial , ir and sound decision making gets you in . 
  somebody else flew that plane the night before for a sortie and i had to ferry it for mx the next day . 
  i booted it up to all of that . 
  that plane has n't seen a cfi in years hahaha, 
   if she was purely passively taken advantage of , she would not have unbuckled his pants and been groping him . 
  if she had wanted to say no , she could have avoided ending up in that same room alone the second ( and later third ) time before it got further out of hand . 
  there , you said it yourself . 
  the best policy to prevent cheating is to not put yourself in a position to cheat . 
  she put herself there . 
  i 'm really sorry about this man . 
  this has to be incredibly hard for you . 
  i ca n't imagine how tough it is . 
  but you ca n't look at it with rose colored goggles . 
  she is 100 % responsible for what happened . 
  do n't let her use the excuse of alcohol , loneliness or whatever . 
  you were gone for a month , that 's nothing . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd want to talk to the ex boyfriend .
