  you sound pretty riled up , i myself am like that . 
  the urge to knock him out might be to great . 
  whatever you do , do n't get into any physical fights . 
  with the ex or with your wife . 
  i know it 's not a pleasant thing to hear from a stranger on the internet , but being realistic you guys are on the divorce express right now . 
  you have to be extra collected at this time . 
  have your emotions under control and do not get physical with anyone . 
  this will backfire on you back time if things go to court . 
  maybe wait a little before meeting her ex . 
  if you just want his side of things meet in a public place where people can see you : he will be more willing to meet with you there ( he 's currently expecting you to beat the crap out of him ) and then talk things out . 
  your trust in her will never be fully restored . 
  you 're now facing a choice continue living with a woman who has shown that she is n't faithful to you , have doubts about her for the rest of your life or leave her and continue on your own , and if time comes find another woman . 
  if you continue it will never be the same . 
  it wo n't there 'll be always be that lingering feeling of mistrust . 
  i 'm terribly sorry about your situation . 
  if i were you i 'd limit my contact with her . 
  get her out of your house ( if it 's yours ) or if you do n't want to have that fight just go to friends or family and stay there for a bit . 
  you need a clear head to make right decisions . 
  she 's not helping that . 
  i would get a good lawyer and get the divorce going . 
  you 're a young man . 
  you have your whole life ahead of you . 
  you can build yourself a better life and find yourself a better woman . 
  4/20 for not talking on 124.20 and not tracking 114.20, 
  because a 777 has a missile warning system on board . 
  right . 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  but yeah just work on timing your shifts . 
  the trannies in new edge stangs are generally pretty solid . 
  he 's giving you the beer so he can reach the vodka, 
  i 've never heard of that kind of clearance , is that common ? 
  i understand that i can get a hp endorsement in a simulator . 
  will any aatd work ? 
  ok cool , thank guys . 
  yeah i figured as much . 
  i just need the endorsement soon . 
  i 'm just constantly on the move and i do n't have time to go through 5-10hrs of training that most flight schools want for a hp endorsement . 
  i 'm flying quite a bit and my days off are unpredictable as f *** . 
  i just need an efficient way to get it , and 5hrs + seems like a cash crab . 
  sorry i was just picturing whore island, 
  for survey you get into most of the busy airspace under vfr . 
  some of the work we do cover entire cities . 
  so quite often you may end up over manhattan or something just because you have to map it . 
  you have to formulate the call really well , and push the right buttons if you have to . 
  we forward our maps and stuff to the controlling facility , but it often does n't get to the controller working the desk . 
  in that case you just explain exactly what you 're doing where and at what altitude . 
  there are three ways that goes . 
  * 1 ) you get what you want and get an altitude restriction with all the heavy traffic being re-routed around you . 
  which can get interesting . 
  i know that i 've been the reason for at least three or four resolution advisories out there . 
  ( i know it kinda sucks for the jets , but hey i 've got my own job to do , and those altitudes and flight plans are n't flexible at all . 
  often you 're directly in the way of departures or arrivals , there 's just now way around that ), 
  * 2 ) you get the boot which is where the negotiating comes in . 
  depending on the project we may have so much work that i 'll be able to hit a different site if i negotiate it right . 
  consideration for atc goes a long way , most of them will work with you if you 're willing to work with them . 
  but sometimes you have to play hard ball . 
  that 's when you just ask to do 360s somewhere where you 're sorta-in-the-way and not-really-out-of-the-way until they let you in . 
  * chickenhawk 123 , how long are you gon na do 360s over there ? 
  * well , i got about 4.5 hrs of fuel on board left soooooo another 3-4 hours , chickenhawk 123 *, 
  * ok how much work you got in the ny bravo ? 
  * about 2 hours *, 
  * ughhh ^ sigh checkenhawk 123 cleared into ny bravo via blah blah blah *, 
  * 3 ) you go home because you 're not actually gon na circle for 3-4hrs . 
  they survey part of it is really boring , but everything that leads to that is pretty fun . 
  you get very very good at communicating and most of the time getting what you want from atc, 
  does n't seem worth it . 
  you 're legal and safe . 
  i do n't really see any subject matter for an asrs . 
  you 're completely in the right here . 
  yeaaahhh buddy !, 
  chicago , i have n't worked it , but heard they 're pretty chill though . 
  bravos are usually quite a bit easier to work than most charlies , except atlanta and tampa . 
  those are rough . 
  you 'll built time quick though . 
  bring gatorade bottles, 
  hm yeah we almost never use uncontrolled fields , except for fueling sometimes . 
  be extra vigilant and you 'll be fine . 
  yeah i usually plan for 5hrs per sortie . 
  so i 'll start heading back at 5.0 on the hobbs . 
  if i can do 2 per day , i 'll make two 4hr flights . 
  that 's the perfect 8hr day . 
  i can actually have half a cup of coffee in the morning and go still to the gym and the end of the day too without being too tired . 
  autopilot makes things easier i 've heard , but since we do n't have one , it 's all handflying, 
  some of our guys have long range tanks . 
  they can stay up 7hrs easy . 
  but that 's not for me , i like to have a bit of a break . 
  [ this is aviation , there 's always time for jokes . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cxag4hcsfdc?t=4s ), 
  you 'd be surprised man , a lot of troubled teens would n't give a rat 's a$ $ about that naval aviator . 
  to them he 's just another adult talking down to them . 
  people joke about teenage angst , but it has some serious power that should n't be underestimated . 
  welcome to / r/flying, 
  do n't drink and fly ... you might spill something . 
  here we go , another `` with you '' circle jerk is gon na be here in no time, 
  username checks out haha, 
  ** mashing throttles 'n poppin ' bottles **, 
  there 's no real app for that as far as i know . 
  i do n't think it 's illegal , but i guarantee you that it 'd raise a lot of eyebrows if you sat there in 23f with a handheld radio meticulously listening to what the pilots are saying .
