  well there 's more to it . 
  in the airlines or in larger transport category aircraft it 's meant to take the decision out of the hands of the pilot . 
  after v1 we continue the take off . 
  period . 
  so there 's no time wasted on trying to figure out if you can stop . 
  before v1 you abort after v1 continue . 
  the decision is made on the ground and not during high-stress , time-critical situation . 
  even if you 're taking off in reduced vis at rvr500 . 
  you continue . 
  statistically it 's a safer bet . 
  ahhh ... the ras . 
  we used to set off so many of those flying grids over rsw & bna . 
  they planned the work over the approach paths . 
  nothing we could do to change it . 
  i genuinely felt bad for the airline folks , but it was a lose lose either way . 
  either we did n't get shit done , or they got ras . 
   that must be a huge delay , not a second or two because you did n't have your coffee yet . 
  and . . fatigue at takeoff ? 
  is n't the crew supposed to be fresh at the start of a flight ? 
  when you 're moving down the runway at 100 + knots in airplane that weighs over 100,000 lbs a second or two is a long time . 
  a crew is always fresh only in a perfect world . 
  but most carriers try to max out their pilots for the most work they can do because business . 
  when it 's your job to fly you do n't always get to be `` fresh '' . 
  pilot fatigue is a very serious issue in the industry . 
   i know , but the key here is `` without destroying the aircraft '' . 
  if the choice is between crashing and burning for total loss of power or bending the nose gear for stopping a bit past the end , i 'd choose the bent gear . 
  that 's a terrible idea . 
  you 're risking a certain crash with possible serious injuries and/or fatalities over a continued take-off that the aircraft is capable of and a more planned and stable approach . 
  [ we got ta be one of the most progressive subreddits , i feel extra safe in this space , so therefore i 'd like to officially come out and say that i identify as an attack helicopter ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/144/327/9ca.jpg ), 
  hey atps and other jumpseating folks ,, 
  i 'm trying to hitch a ride to my new base and i got ta get there on my own . 
  i do not have a lot of stuff . 
  just a regular 22 and a smaller shoulder bag . 
  but here 's the thing , i 'm trying to bring a guitar with me . 
  i 'm ok with checking the guitar at the gate no problem . 
  it has a hardshell case . 
  would this be considered poor jumpseat etiquette ? 
  or would i be cool ? 
  ca n't seem to find a definitive take on it on the alpa website . 
  thanks !, 
  do n't know about the range but they have that reputation because your profit margins are narrower for the most part than 121 world but the amount of regulations you have to comply with to run a 135 is still significant . 
  mx departments , training departments , dispatch/flight following , crew sched etc. 
  spec ops certifications . 
  any aircraft you plan to operate has to be `` conformed '' and meet specific equipment requirements . 
  you ca n't just buy a new type and throw it one the line . 
  almost all of them have retention problems as well from what i noticed . 
  most successful ones start out very small , in niche markets . 
  the ones that fail usually drastically underestimate the operating costs and/or overestimate the demand for service . 
  cool thanks man !, 
  there are a few direct flights so i should be ok . 
  pretty significant difference . 
  much more expensive , more certifications & etc. 
  thanks !, 
  edit : this mobile app really needs improvement, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks man , yeah honestly i think i 'm gon na just come back and grab it on one of my days off so i do n't have too much stuff . 
  from what it looks like i 'm going to become a regular on that flight so i do n't want to make a bad first impression . 
  sweet , yeah i 'm already in base , but i 'll grab the guitar when i 'm visiting for the weekend . 
  this flight was pretty packed and it would 've been a lot of stuff to haul around . 
  thanks !, 
  well it is a cirrus . 
  they tend to be $ 190/hr cheapest . 
  rather fly a dutchess for that money too, 
  ohhhh that ca n't be good . 
  it 's all white to [ protect it from the flash of nuclear bomb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-flash_white ) ... and the plane is in [ washington dc ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/f/f3/tin_foil_hat_2.jpg ) right now ... 
  so that means ... the russians are about to nuke us . 
  better grab the hayzloads and find some shelter . 
  i ca n't believe i 'll never get to pull da chute again ... all of the glass in my cirrus is gon na be destroyed by the blast . . :(, 
  really check out the airplane . 
  make sure to look through the mx logs . 
  there are a lot of sketchy airplanes out there . 
  in other aspect treat the airplane like if it was your own . 
  planning is really half the gain . 
  for every stop over airport make sure to call ahead and find out about all the fees and stuff . 
  then call to a few other local airports and do the same . 
  pick the least expensive options as your primary airports and more expensive as diversion points . 
  hey !, 
  do n't hate on my shoebox . 
  / r/brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt, 
  it 's a thing, 
  he also had a character called `` nigger jim '', 
  no , that 's not per the sop . 
  1 ) transfer controls to the pilot monitoring, 
  2 ) erotically asphyxiate with extra dank and phat clouds by cranking up the vape to 420 %, 
  depends on the plane . 
  most ga aircraft can land on almost any runway thus the indecisiveness . 
  bigger planes usually know which one is a quicker taxi to the gate/ramp/fbo so they 'll have an answer . 
  when i flew 172s i 'd always take the shorter runway at bigger airports to free up space for the bigger guys who actually need the runway . 
  / r/shittyaskflying is light years ahead of us in this category . 
  the got blackbirds for upvote , 172 for downvote . 
  and on that note ... 
  frank underwood ? 
  is that you ? 
  ehhhhh ... 
  yes and no man . 
  it would be if he was an irrelevant authority figure , but in this case it 's relevant . 
  wait ... 
  i always thought it was .04 minimum ... whoops, 
  / r/flyingshitpost, 
  the company i fly for uses an engine trend monitoring company .
