  just roll with the punches . 
  be up for whatever . 
  it does n't matter what women think about you . 
  it matters what you think about yourself . 
  you 're never gon na please everyone , so do n't try . 
  the thing about college aged people to begin with is this : most of them are about to enter the real world and they 're gon na change . 
  college is like the training wheels of life , when it ends people realize that their social circle is n't as big as they once thought , dating is n't as easy as it was , and they 're not as star spangled awesome as they once thought . 
  you 're really on your own after that . 
  emotional maturity does vary on an individual basis . 
  so when you 're looking to date someone who 's college aged remember that they may change very drastically after graduating . 
  if i were you i 'd consider dating older girls . 
  these women have already been in the real world for a little , got kicked in the gut by life a few times ( just like all of us ) and have valuable emotional and life experience . 
  here 's for practical advice . 
  the way you dress can easily add/shave years off your life . 
  find a good look that does n't make you look like schmuck and stick to it . 
  wear clothes that fit you . 
  the difference between shorts and jeans in certain settings can easily make you look older/younger . 
  it does n't have to be fancy . 
  just clean and measured . 
  take care of yourself . 
  get a good watch . 
  keep your car clean . 
  keep your language clean . 
  take pride in things that you own and the job that you do . 
  do your own thing and be driven and do n't act like an idiot . 
  be the person you want to be and take pride in it . 
  the rest will come . 
  when you 're on reserve for days . 
  still low key lives with parents though, 
   she insisted that we become friends and would n't leave me alone until we rekindled our relationship, 
  that 's not how friendship works . 
  stop thinking with your dick . 
   totally understand that it 's my fault that i went back two times !, 
  i get it . 
  mind you , i work hard and i 'm a single guy who is new in this city with no other friends except her so it 's hard to resist going out when invited . 
  you 're only at fault is because you 're making excuses . 
  `` new city '' big whoop . 
  throw a rock at someone in a hipster bar and you 'll hit someone with a sob story about moving somewhere . 
  i do n't feel bad for you man . 
  and neither should you . 
  it 's in your hands . 
  get out there . 
  go better yourself . 
  be the best you you can be . 
  the right girl will come along . 
   please do n't start judging me as i already feel bad about the whole situation . 
  i need a solution !, 
  i 'm not judging you , i 've been in a similar situation once . 
  but you need to hear this . 
  stop trying to be a `` nice guy '' , you 're not a $ 100 bill for everyone to like you . 
  stop acting like you 're about to land in normandy/stalingrad , this is n't the end of the world . 
  yes it will hurt her , but she 'll get over it . 
  we 're all replaceable . 
  we all get hurt , nobody is insured from that . 
  what if i told you that it 's very possible that she only acts that way because she has n't found a guy to replace you with yet ? 
  just let that settle for a moment . 
  there are people out there like that . 
  if you continue this you will live a miserable lie . 
  stop lying to yourself dude . 
  if you keep this up you 'll have no one to blame for your misery but yourself . 
  meet her . 
  eye to eye . 
  not a date . 
  not at your house , not at hers . 
  private enough where you can talk . 
  public enough where you can walk away when you 're done . 
  park bench is ideal . 
  here 's how it goes . 
  `` sugartits , i ca n't do this anymore . 
  i ca n't stay see you because this is n't what i want . 
  this is n't right for me , and deep down you know that it 's not right for you . 
  you 're trying to force me into a relationship that i do n't want to be a part of . 
  and i 'm not ok with that . 
  you 're a wonderful woman that 'll make someone very happy one day , but that someone is n't me . 
  goodbye . '', 
  if you ca n't meet her . 
  phone call . 
  same message . 
  then leave . 
  she will cry , beg , sob , scream at you . 
  if she 's nuts enough she may even hit you . 
  keep walking . 
  do n't look back . 
  it 's done . 
  never talk to her again . 
  it wo n't be easy , but it 's not pulling teeth either . 
  right now your entire transcendental `` i '' is fighting against a relationship with her . 
  you 're only posting here for validation and courage . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , we 're all human . 
  but you already know what to do . 
  good luck, 
   but it just does n't feel right . 
  he cheated on you . 
  that 's why it does n't feel right . 
  have pride in yourself . 
  dump him . 
  you 're so young , you have so many better boyfriends ahead of you . 
  i disagree . 
  just because you prefer a certain body type to another does n't make you a bad person . 
  you 're a bad person if you lie and take advantage of your partner and then make them feel bad for their body having known prior that that you do n't like their body .
