  i know right ? 
  [ i only had to wear a uniform for one week in the past month ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hs6ekzycfa4/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  pfff ... my friend we all [ have to serve somebody ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtieyjnzgiu ) ... and for a good paycheck ? 
  why not ? 
  as long as it did n't ruin her selfie for insta , she 'll recover . 
  #flygirl ^ #lovetravelling ^ #ontheroad ^ #lifeisajourney #basic, 
  make r/flying great again, 
  half of this belongs on r/depression and the other half on r/nofap, 
  but this is pretty funny, 
  mustang guy here , yeah before 2011 you 're right but after they pull a respectable 305hp out of the v6 and the ecoboost . 
  not the fastest but quick . 
  when i flew survey it was every one of our pilots mission to convince the max amount of people that the pipe was indeed for chemtrails and the images were for the cia . 
  no single engine g/o ? 
  congrats dude !, 
  a1 represent !, 
  pfff . 
  look around man . 
  there are idiots everywhere . 
  there are guys that will undercut you for a job at any chance they get . 
  * cough * swag martian * cough *, 
  lot 's of people ca n't see the big picture because * wahhh i wannna fry a shiny jet nooooow *, 
  this needs to be stickied on top . 
  guys go fill out the form . 
  hello everyone . 
  i 'm a a ppl with an ifr currently working on a multi cpl out of a 141 school in the northeast . 
  over the past few months i 've contemplated switching to a 61 school due to various scheduling issues and bureaucratic problems within my current school . 
  ( i have n't flown in 2 months ) . 
  i 'm aspiring to become a captain with a major airline . 
  does it really matter what program you graduate from to make it with the major carriers in the us ? 
  does aabi accreditation mean anything significant ? 
  i 'm aware of all the far differences between the two ( e.g. 
  flight time rqd & atp 1500 hrs rule & etc. 
  ) , i 'm just trying to get a general outlook on weather it 's possible to make into the airlines from a small part 61 schools . 
  throwing a new years party at my apartment . 
  the place is pretty small , but not so small that it 's impossible to have people over . 
  i 've had parties here before and it got a little crowded . 
  15-20ppl expected , and i want everyone to have a good time . 
  any tips ? 
  hello everyone . 
  for a while i wanted to make a survival bag for flying . 
  in case i have to ditch and wait to be rescued . 
  i was wandering if anyone has done anything like this , and if yes what items did you include and why . 
  cheers, 
  i know this sounds weird , but i need to know for a project . 
  is it possible to have a ia for a seaplane to a seaplane base . 
  i know that there are gps approaches to seaplane bases but a lot of them are circling and have a high mda at about 1000agl . 
  what 's the procedure for landing a seaplane under ifr ? 
  can you do it anywhere or does it have to be a designated sea plane airport ? 
  alright , i 'm going to be going up for my cpl ride withing the next month and a half . 
  i 'm flying an arrow ii for the ride and i was just curious about any curve balls that anyone got on that check ride and what it was like . 
  i 've heard that it 's pretty much a private with different maneuvers and an oral tailored towards commercial ops . 
  i 'm more concerned about the oral . 
  what were some tough questions / tasks you faced during the ride ? 
  alright guys , just need some practice questions , hit me . 
  alright there are n't a lot of these up here , so here 's mine . 
  commercial pilot checkride airplane sel write up . 
  kpym ma , piper arrow ii, 
  i arrived at the airport at 830am , with my xc plan ( kpym -- kpit , 3 pax 75 lbs of bags , 420ish miles ) ready . 
  i made some last preparations for the flight including density alt , calculation , weather brief ( actually called those guys this time ) and checked the notams for two closest airports i suspected we would divert to : ktan & kewb . 
  the dpe arrived at about 845 and told me to take as much time as i needed . 
  after squaring away all the documentation we got down to the oral portion . 
  oral, 
  the oral started with questions about certificates and documents in personal possession for a pilot to have in personal possession ( license , medical , photo id ) and documents for the aircraft ( arrow ) . 
  he also asked me to tell him about inspections that an a/c has to have done to be airworthy . 
  i went through the logs explaining aviates and proved that the a/c was airworthy . 
  he asked me about staying current ( bi-annual , 3 take offs and ldgs and so on ) . 
  i was asked if i had a current bi-annual and i said i did n't need one since i got my ir less than 24c . m. 
  ago . 
  next scenario was if the pax were to arrive late and make us arrive at kpit 1hr after dark what would i do ? 
  i suggested landing at a different airport before 1hr after dark and getting them a cab , or asking them if they mind flying at night , and if they do n't knocking out 3 ldgs solo and them picking them up and heading out . 
  after that we talked a little bit about aeromedical factors . 
  he asked me what would i do if our passenger was just recently scuba diving , i explained that if his dive did n't require decompression , we 'd have to wait at least 12hrs before the flight at our altitude of 6500 and if it did require decompression or we planned to go above 8000ft , he 'd have to wait 24hrs . 
  from there he asked what could we do if the passenger was prone to becoming hypoxic and how one could spot hypoxia or how that would happen . 
  i replied that i would plan for the flight to occur during day time hours , at a lower alt ( permitting 4500 ) , and i 'd monitor his position closely throughout the flight . 
  we talked a bit about higher chances of hypoxia occurring at night at altitudes as low as 5000ft . 
  he also asked what would be the most likely cause for hypoxia in a small piston a/c , i stated that the heating system would most likely be the cause due to the way air is warmed up around the exhaust shroud . 
  i mentioned that carbon monoxide would be causing the condition and even though it 's an odorless and invisible gas , i 'd be able to tell the danger due to the smell of exhaust fumes . 
  we talked a little about a/c op . 
  limitations . 
  he quizzed me on some v speeds and the basic take-off weights ( empty and max ) he also asked the limit for baggage compartment , which i got wrong but he was n't too concerned with that . 
  we then jumped into the xc plan . 
  i told him that in real life , crystal clear vfr conditions as that day , i would plan to go vfr gps direct @ 6500 ( it would give about 10 miles of glide range and the winds were favorable at that altitude . 
  i planned checkpoints every 50 miles or so and explained that i 'd keep track of the position throughout the flight via both gps and outside references ( using large airports and cities ) . 
  i reasoned that keeping checkpoints every 15-20 miles is not optimal since there would be about 20-30 of them on a flight of such length and it would be easy to lose track of which checkpoint is which . 
  i planned a refueling stop just in case and mentioned that even though the flight can be accomplished with refueling , a slight change of weather or a sudden headwind ( there was little wind aloft that day ) could seriously affect our fuel planning . 
  i also stated that kpit is a class b airport and all my experience flying through boston and new york taught me that you can get some really unfavorable sequencing directions in that airspace that would make us cut into our reserves . 
  i also mentioned that the fuel at kpit is expensive as f ** k and refueling at kwbw ( $ 4.75 ) would allow us to have enough fuel left at kpit to depart and refuel for cheaper at different airport ( if $ $ $ was a factor for my client ) . 
  i also reasoned that if my clients wanted to get there asap , i 'd contact flight service and ask for a weather update over kwbw . 
  if the weather looked good and winds stayed light we would n't refuel and arrive to kpit with just under an hour of reserve fuel . 
  he had no questions about the xc plan and was satisfied with my logic . 
  he asked a few questions about airspace none of which were difficult . 
  vfr wx mins , airspace requirement and etc. 
  we discussed a/c performance , ldg and t/o distance and etc. 
  then we jumped into systems . 
  i explained the constant speed prop , the gear and the flaps . 
  he picked those since they made the a/c complex . 
  finally we talked about collision avoidance and runway incursions . 
  that was the end of the oral . 
  the flight, 
  the flight was very thorough ; we covered pretty much every item on the pts .
