  that 's a text book case of burden of proof fallacy . 
  original is by the new york dolls it 's killer but i prefer the gnr version . 
  found the cynical atp, 
  i think the original was called '' [ paths of hate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajxr9nj5zbi ) '' but this is pretty chill too, 
  did n't they already drop her on hiroshima and nagasaki back in 45 ? 
  thanks for the feedback , i 'll look into the half dome 2 as well . 
  thank you , if you were buying a new tent for yourself for that budget what would you go with ? 
  and would a tarp help extend the life of the floor ? 
  ^ gold . 
  i got ta say you 're a funny guy . 
  every check out / r/justneckbeardthings ? 
  thank you !, 
  what would you suggest that would be better at that price ? 
  i do n't think flightradar picks up vfr traffic, 
  i feel like they 're on every gnr top 10 list . 
  this one was ... refreshing . 
  i was so happy to see coma at # 3 . 
  this guy seems to be pretty fond of yui i, 
  you 're not holding out , there 's a pre-existing relationship between yourself and the student . 
  you 're getting compensated for the instruction , not the transportation of the student . 
  to be on the safe side , i 'd make sure to log those as instructional flights . 
  so if anything this would be private carriage anyway , even though you still need an operation certificate for that . 
  make sure to take out a life insurance policy , jk, 
  dude , for a guy who constantly bitches about people being butthurt , you yourself are one of the worst offenders . 
  well since you said please i will , but you probably heard it before, 
  from all of your posts that i 've seen , you appear to be on this crusade to `` make / r/flying great again '' . 
  your page is littered with `` shitpost this '' and `` shitpost that '' . 
  dude , it has butthurt written all over it . 
  maybe you should change your flair from ( professional trigger of butthurt ) , to simply ( professionally butthurt ) . 
  i honestly do n't get how something so mundane as an internet forum is so important to be obsessing over to this degree . 
  we 're not running an airline here . 
  it 's a fucking forum . 
  relax . 
  i do n't think most people are trying to discredit you , at least not in academic sense . 
  you seem to know your shit , and i do n't think anyone is trying to argue against that . 
  with that said , you yourself put way more effort into furthering your crusade than the people that are tired of your bitching put into calling you out on it . 
  those are my final $ .02 . 
  honestly pm , i personally respect you . 
  but you do n't get to be the only person who gets to call others out on their shit . 
  goodnight man, 
  there 's a lot of really angry people in aviation . 
  i work ops for an airline and some of the pilot characters you meet on the job are extremely grumpy . 
  that 's a really big question . 
  it 's not about flying , it about life in general . 
  it becomes a job . 
  flying gets in the way of families , relationships , friendships , you 're just not excited about it sometimes when it 's your job for 20 + years . 
  a lot of people still like it , but many would prefer to do something else fly for a better company , or do a job that does n't involve flying at all or go back and do ga stuff but they ca n't because of various reasons , they have morgages , kids in school/college families to support and they 'd normally take a huge pay-cut if they leave for a different job because most of these guys are so senior . 
  as i said looking at a pretty view is n't the same when you 're working 14hr days and when you 've got mouths to feed . 
  well , i hope you guys make in time with the falcon . 
  i 'd love to meet both of you guys there, 
  ai n't it fun, 
  human being, 
  black leather, 
  when i played in a band i just used some tape, 
  not at all . 
  nasa does n't stop faa from stepping on dicks , it may make them stomp on your dick a little lighter ( not guaranteed ) but they 'll still do it . 
  nasa was created to bring awareness to certain dangerous conditions that exist in the field so that the faa can figure out ways to address them in the future ( training , regulation , procedure ) for that reason it 's anonymous , so more people come forward about dangerous shit . 
  do n't treat 91.3 and asrs forms as get out of jail free cards . 
  you really do n't want to use that kind of power/responsibility unless you absolutely have to . 
  with that said it 's a lot better to lose your licence than your life, 
  union, 
  be careful with that , before you know it that burger takes too long to cook and you 're 30 mins past your eta and they send out cap for you . 
  it almost happened to me once . 
  just file two flight plans , it only takes a few minutes . 
  guardddddd, 
  this . 
  once you get your ticket , you 're pic , but as a student your cfi 's ass is on the line as much as yours legally , so filing that flight plan is a good idea practically and legally ( if shit hits the fan , the ntsb is going to go more after the cfi than the student ), 
  i once asked for a pop up in the middle of nyc bravo . 
  i could hear the guy giggling on the other side . 
  so they do n't always give pop-ups . 
  so then you got to find an fss/rco station and file mid air and then pick it up with approach . 
  which is fine but can be a real pain in the ass if the weather is closing in . 
  not all of [ them ] ( https://farm7.staticflickr.com/6089/6147171963_85da420a00_b.jpg ), 
  i used to pump 3-4 thousand gallons of 100ll per day at one point . 
  so far so good . 
  hoes love dat shit . 
  `` hey babygirl i can take you around the world for a kiss '' - works every time, 
  like seriously, 
  / r/you, 
  with a lot of cars the verts are also heavier than their coupe counterparts . 
  windshield beam reinforcements , roof assembly/motors add up to a decent amount of additional weight . 
  have someone shove a fuel hose in your mouth and literally fuel yourself to death . 
  edit : there 's also still a war in ukraine , so that could be an option too, 
  hmm . 
  [ erich hartmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erich_hartmann ) would be cool to have a chat with , something like 352 confirmed kills . 
  come on man , out of all the aviators out there ? 
  that 'd be like being offered to fly for any carrier of your choosing and picking mesa, 
  / r/justneckbeardthings, 
  im pretty sure it 's [ this guy ] ( http://renewedpilot.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/dreamvideo.jpg ), 
  that 's pretty normal man , especially if you 're at a bigger 141 school . 
  well i 've flown through icing in a non protected a/c a few times . 
  i would n't plan a flight through 6000ft of ice weather . 
  the few times that it did happen it was one of the following conditions for it . 
  * weather moved in quickly and caught me off-guard, 
  * the layer was very thin 100-600ft and there were no reports of icing in the area, 
  it 's not a smart idea . 
  and on one occasion i really scared myself doing it , but what 's done is done . 
  live and learn . 
  if you have to pass through ice and your a/c is not equipped for ice or under equipped there 's one golden rule . 
  ** leave yourself an out **,
