  that depends , how many hazloads do you have ? 
  i 'd stay clear of 9k . 
  they 're not doing too well right now . 
  the note is for 30k & it 's not pro-rated . 
  there is some speculation whether the company will choose to enforce it . 
  i know people who have left without paying off the contract . 
  it 's rather hard to get a copy , they keep that stuff on pretty tight lock down . 
  contract is for one year . 
  morale is pretty low across the board . 
  and we 've been cutting flights steadily year after year . 
  the company is relying more and more on eas routes and from what i hear the disconnect between the mgmt and the pilot group is growing . 
  fo qol was getting a little better with the 4/4 schedule , but the pay is still $ 11/duty hour . 
  not really . 
  except maybe for the two caravans on floats that did fll-bimini runs those might be parked . 
  a lot of the planes are used for parts and are off the ops spec and are n't flying . 
  well one nifty thing that some fellas got out it is very quick upgrade times at some regionals , they get their 1000pic under part 135 and make the jump . 
  once again varies with the regional . 
  they probably will . 
  they 've been raising the pay for airport services crowd in the bigger stations pretty steadily past few years , just not for fos . 
  they actually need ppl to check in pax and load bags , but they do n't really need fos on the 402 fleet . 
  i find that most folks that fo for them just really want to stick around new england/saint louis/caribbean . 
  and as darkside pointed out ca n't find other me work . 
  some guys love it , but those are far and few in between . 
  emotional support monkey loose in the cabin, 
  yes , the only job you can get in some places under 18 is cleaner/desk clerk . 
  ftfy * you 've summed up the united states . 
  complimentary with aeroflot russian airlines, 
  soooo frank underwood ? 
  i would highly recommend house of cards . 
  season five is coming out in a few days too . 
  my bully senses are tingling, 
  ridiculous ? 
  i mean i see your point , but the americans are on the same level in that department . 
  there are some completely bullshit moments in the americans . 
  the whole pastor tim narrative ? 
  they would 've killed him and his wife on day one if they found out he knows . 
  do n't get me wrong underwood 's narrative is just as ridiculous . 
  but you 're telling me that two professional spies would put 20 + years of undercover work in jeopardy because their daughter is friends with a priest ? 
  spies are selected from ruthless , pragmatic people . 
  that would never happen . 
  he 'd be dead quicker than you can say kgb . 
  are you threatening me master jedi ? 
  for what it 's worth he 's an addict first to alcohol and then to frank . 
  when frank took him under his wing it gave him a focus point beyond alcohol . 
  in one of the earlier seasons there a conversation between frank and doug about doug 's start with frank and how frank helped him get clean ( or something along those lines ) in that sense doug is dependent ( addicted ) to frank 's mission . 
  not just any porsche , a 911 gt3 . 
  a track orientated speed machine that will out run and out turn 98 % of stuff on the roads of dc . 
  and it was mentioned that she liked fast cars , so she probably knows how to drive one too . 
  did n't they ruin like 6 aston martins on the set of casino royal for that roll-over shot ? 
  yeah you know , i think you 're right . 
  it looked more like a gts, 
  that was a cringe-worthy comment . 
  you 're ashamed for being a man ? 
  then go get a sex change . 
  i 'm not discouraging them , i 'm just calling them out on their shit . 
  got it ? 
  now fuck off . 
  when she said `` my turn '' i cringed . 
  her character was only good in s1 . 
  she had some amazing moments . 
  that 's the last time i remember her being truly captivating . 
  i agree with the circle jerk about s5 falling short . 
  i 'm just gon na pretend that the show ended at the end of season 2 . 
  second this . 
  take some time off . 
  get away from her . 
  then dump her . 
  420hrs . 
  it is the easa system . 
  same thing ppl -  cpl -  atp, 
  it 's expensive and the entire country is basically one big restricted area . 
  if you 're looking to become a pilot there i 'd look into the air force . 
  that depends , what do you want to do ? 
  \u041c\u0410\u0418 is more of an engineering orientated institute . 
  because it sound really cool when you say v1 , rotate in a 172 . 
  `` if we have a problem before v1 we abort , after v1 we continue '' ... continue where ? 
  back to the runway ? 
  or into the trees/water/airport diner ? 
  cause those are just about your only options . 
  there 's a really good separate departure brief that covers that scenario better without getting people confused about v1 . 
  hm i 'd get your rating here and try to convert them . 
  especially if you do n't speak the language yet . 
  russian can be very tough especially in technical aspects like aviation . 
  but i 'll be frank with you . 
  if your language is n't good you 'll have a tougher time getting hired . 
  just out of curiosity why do you want to fly in russia ? 
  cool , good for you , we 'll be happy to welcome you in our country . 
  study up the language . 
  you may wan na check out / r/russia as well . 
  [ here 's one of my favorite russian aviation themed songs . 
  see if you can translate that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9xkxwswjbs ), 
  overall the rule is probably for the best imo . 
  but i love how these journalists never mention how the pilots were running a 16hr day and both of them commuted ( one from the west coast ) to work the flight . 
   gone are the days of the $ 400 post tax paycheck for not only rj drivers but frieghtdogs and cfi 's too . 
  let 's not reverse that . 
  amen to that . 
  damn , you 're right . 
  i always forget about that part of the story . 
  this has to be the second most talked about crash out there , after the tenerife disaster .
