  the accident is n't exactly close to what happened to me but it taught me extra vigilance in uncontrolled fields . 
  it was a busy summer day . 
  i literally could n't get a word in . 
  it was one guy after the other just practicing landings . 
  i was getting really pissed off . 
  i waited at the runway for about 30 mins . 
  finally i though i saw a break in traffic after checking the final and took the runway only only to hear someone call short final seconds after i started the take off roll . 
  the guy then announced a go around . 
  i aborted take-off and got off the runway . 
  i apologized to the plane i cut off . 
  i was at fault and now i feel like it was a combination of my own frustration and inconsideration on behalf of some pilots in the pattern . 
  ironically the pattern cleared up real quick after that whole exchange happened . 
  even more ironic the airport ten miles away was dead . 
  half of those assholes could 've went there for their landings . 
  biggest lesson learned here is that it 's way better to confront people about spacing than to wait around for an opportunity to launch and of course to keep a cool head . 
  wow you 're a unicorn . 
  i was pretty sure that there 's only like two guys who fly for the majors on this sub . 
  rock on . 
  but on a sidenote . 
  you 're correct about the instrument time . 
  i 've seen at least 5 guys who went to the regionals in the last 2 months with less than 5hrs of actual . 
  i 'm all about dat midwing stuff . 
  do ... you have the ... 
  i 'm pretty sure he lurked around a number of years back , so it could be . 
  i picked up a really cool one of la area from the 50s from this sketchy ukrainian dude at an army fair near leesburg fl . 
  might turn it into a coffee table cover . 
  could look pretty sweet . 
  when i was there , it looked like cfm was looking for line . 
  maybe something at jwn . 
  but if i were you i 'd try to get on with an airline . 
  just in my experience you learn way more about the industry as csr/ramp for a legit airline as opposed to an fbo . 
  ( if airlines are your endgame that is ), 
  try [ heavy metal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhbhl3v4d3i ) . 
  worked wonders for my 17 y.o self . 
  still looking for the * shewt * joke ... anyone ? 
  but my technique is just as your cfi said . 
  crab it and straighten out over the runway . 
  sometimes carrying a little more speed helps too . 
  so i often use a lower flap setting . 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  does anybody know how to print out your fcc rr license ? 
  i 've applied recently and my app is pending . 
  but i guess there 's a way to just print it out . 
  i do n't think any company would so ignorant to put that in their ops spec . 
  i 'm pretty sure you misheard your friend 's story . 
  what your friend 's company does most likely is they only operate either beacon or strobes but nothing more . 
  i flew an airplane for survey that had a 12volt system in it and we did n't run any lights on it besides the strobes when the cameras were running . 
  probably about 95-100hrs this april, 
  make sure to carry a vape with you for instrument currency . 
  and the hayzloads . 
  those are mandatory equipment, 
  dont worry there are plenty of other ways to show your pax that their pylot isnt a pussay . 
  like taxing real close behind fed ex in bos instead of calling 4 de-ice . 
  dont loze hope , soon you 'll be pulling the chute like a real pro . 
  it 's all about how many gopros you have . 
  check out my channel siraviation420 i just posted a risky vid of stalling the cirrus onto the runway . 
  ( no shewt ) . 
  took me a lot of fsx practice to get that one down . 
  that 's a serious violation . 
  it can result in a 769 ride with the ffa , maybe you do n't have to throw him under the ( air ) bus just yet . 
  you could pull him aside and suggest that if he watches some youtube xc vids , and of course gets dem hazloads, 
  pfff ... uhum yep right, 
  how about we trade her for the real rock icon . 
  where 's izzy ? 
  i just got done surveying . 
  if you bust your ass you can fly as much as 100hrs/month . 
  i averaged about 65-70 . 
  beats cfi-ing imo ( not a cfi though ) . 
  depending on what company you get with you may get twin or even turbine time . 
  traveling is fun . 
  but i found the flying just beyond boring for me . 
  my company ( pm me for the name , but it 's one of the pictovendors ) did n't give us per-diem but we stayed at better hotels than some of our sister companies . 
  i 'm starting class for an fo slot at a cargo company on a twin turboprop . 
  some guys love survey and do all the way to 1500 . 
  but i was n't getting nearly the night or instrument that i wanted . 
  and i probably still logged more actual time than most other guys . 
  it 's a good gig to get your numbers up . 
  ca n't stress the fitness and health enough . 
  you got ta really put your mind to it . 
  it 's so easy to just eat shitty food when you fly survey . 
  whose yoke are you yanking on ? 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  and what i found fascinating is how many people in the industry are truly reluctant to relocate anywhere . 
  maybe i 'm ignorant that aspect because i 'm young but still . 
  that 's where those high mins come into play . 
  if you find a corporate job near where you 're settled , you ditch your airline and go there so you no longer have to commute and spend time away from home . 
  it probably saves the 135 operators mad $ $ on the insurance having an fo that has at least 2500tt and a ca that has 4000tt + the company gets to pick and choose from many qualified pilots if they 're near a major city . 
  besides they also get pilots that know how to fly jets and the learning curve is much easier than low time guys with no jet experience . 
  on the other hand i find 1000tt for jumpers as freaking ridiculous . 
  but once again people who do n't want to move usually take those jobs . 
  because at that time nowadays you have pretty good options . 
  if the pattern is full , the right move is to buzz the tower, 
  ahhh you beat me to it . 
  when it gets dark i usually go to sleep while the autopilot flies , so i really could n't tell you, 
  [ i feel really safe aw my gauwd !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhrghi4yf68 ), 
  there 's a cool thing of spray tan in the white house . 
  i 'm starting class with them in 3 days . 
  this is so sad, 
  duh and/or hello,
