  keep in mind that avionics is also affected by the cold . 
  * watch out for patches of ice on taxiways and runways, 
  * it 's a good idea to have a breaking action report when flying after serious snowstorms . 
  if it 's `` nill '' consider a different field . 
  * some smaller airports with multiple runways will only have one of them open/plowed . 
  * touch down early with extra room in case you ca n't slow down as efficiently . 
  if that 's happening be smooth/light on your brakes, 
  * do n't underestimate how cold it will get up at altitude so dress warm / have a working heater . 
  * be careful about imc . 
  i 've flown through snow up here without de - ice / anti - ice a few times . 
  if it 's cold enough you 'll be fine and it will just bounce off . 
  but if it 's slushy/there 's a possible temperature inversion/temp is above 15f it 's more risky . 
  if you have to go in imc in a ga plane , make sure you have an out . 
  keep in mind that snow showers up here can move very fast . 
  i learned that the hard way . 
  so getting a good wx brief is a must around here . 
  * in the worst case scenario and you have to ditch , consider where . 
  it may take a while to find you in a lot of places over places like western ma / upstate ny or me . 
  so make sure you 're close to civilization if possible . 
  have fun and stay safe . 
  cold wx is actually pretty fun for flying . 
  edit : spelling, 
  it 's a toyota, 
  it 's because you want to look like a cop, 
  it 's because you want to look like a cop, 
  it 's because you want to look like a cop, 
  it 's because you want to look like a cop, 
  it 's because you want to look like a cop, 
  you like it, 
  you like it, 
  you like it, 
  you like it, 
  it 's from rcr reviews . 
  look it up on youtube . 
  regular car reviews p-71 interceptor . 
  05 civic coupe se was my first one . 
  man i was excited to get that one . 
  it was sporty looking , black on black with a great sound system and a sunroof . 
  i only wish it was a manual . 
  it is pretty good in the snow too . 
  i got it for $ 6k with 68k miles on it . 
  had some mx problems down the road , but i fixed it up . 
  i used it all through college . 
  i commuted a good amount putting on about 15k on it per year , so the investment payed off . 
  be very cautious of craigslist cars . 
  take it to a mechanic before you buy it and have it checked out . 
  a $ 60 inspection can save you thousands down the road . 
  do n't be cheap about things like this . 
  do n't believe the owner over the ad or the phone . 
  do n't be to excited about the car even if you are . 
  remember that it 's your money and you do n't owe them anything . 
  if the owner refuses to allow a pre buy inspection - walk away . 
  that 's the biggest red flag to me.the car is either fucked up , or the person is . 
  no used car is going to be perfect . 
  do n't be critical of small things like old tires , or used up breaks , or a burnt out bulb . 
  those things wear down naturally . 
  what 's important is the internal components that are expensive to fix . 
  engine , tranny , shocks , radiator , starter . 
  especially if you do n't work on cars yourself . 
  do n't buy somebody else 's race car , more often that not that 's a lot of headache , especially if you 're going to be using it as a daily . 
  also keep in mind that it 's good to either have a backup vehicle for the first few weeks , or to have at least have some spare $ $ $ to put into the new car if it breaks . 
  also think about the kind of attention the car you 're driving draws to you . 
  i went to hs in a very rich neighborhood , i saw lots of kids drive to school in bwms and lexuses that i doubt they got with their starbucks job . 
  was a i jealous ? , well a little bit . 
  i always loved bmws , but i was n't a dick about it to the kids that had one , but you never know someone else may be . 
  if i were you , i 'd save up a bit more . 
  you can get a good car for about $ 4k that will serve you well . 
  you may even get something sporty looking like an eclipse . 
  do n't rush to make this decision . 
  hope this helped . 
  interesting read . 
  in the end of the day drive the car you like , that 's all that matters . 
  that 's a beautiful car my friend . 
  i 'm russian & my grandfather flew the mig 23 for the soviet airforce back in the 70s , here 's my $ .02, 
  not sure about the technicalities of it , but you also have to keep in mind that during the cold war americans loved an opportunity to examine russian metal . 
  i 'd imagine if the aircraft behaved predictably and complied with all the intercepting procedures and instructions everything would be fine . 
  here 's the side that i am sure of . 
  defecting was one of the worst crimes one could commit in ussr that would pretty much guarantee you the death penalty , so if you 're not successful you better be ready for a bullet or the gulag . 
  you also had to be sure you 'd make it far enough , because your own air force would be out to shoot you down . 
  after the belenko defection , fighters were given limited fuel just enough for the patrol and the a/c were usually sent in groups . 
  also it exposed a flaw in soviet armament where soviet fighters were n't capable of shooting down another soviet fighter . 
  the air force introduced the function nicknamed `` the belenko switch '' which would over ride the friendly fire system and allow the pilot to shoot down a friendly aircraft . 
  on the civilian side after aeroflot 244 hijacking any civilian aircraft that was hijacked was immediately intercepted and further `` green lit '' if it neared the edge of soviet/warsaw pact border . 
  buy an older gt . 
  a lot of guys who get v6s regret it down the road . 
  for that money you could get an 05-07 gt coupe with around or under 100k . 
  quite often , i work operations for a 135 carrier for the past 2 years and our planes are old and break all the time . 
  honestly it takes longer to fill out paperwork for a broken nav light than to replace the said light . 
  there 's no way to get around it . 
  it 's done to have a direct track of responsibility , in case an accident , and is a part of what keeps commercial aviation the safest mode of transportation . 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  one of us, 
  but srsly , congrats . 
  now the obligatory mustang question : did you get the v8 ? 
  hey a stang is a stang , there was no stigma behind my question . 
  congrats man , happy for you . 
  check out / r/mustang while you 're at it . 
  stop raining on his parade .
