  every flight we take down a whole bunch of engine parameters and submit it . 
  the computer wizards get back to us with all the preventive mx that we need to do . 
  it 's pretty damn reliable . 
  saves the company mucho $ $ $ . 
  nah , some day hopefully , for now i just fly my [ shorts ] ( https://cdn.jetphotos.com/full/5/15673_1491131192.jpg ), 
  i think it 's called jet care international inc. 
  i do n't think they do anything for pistons though . 
  oh buddy do i have story for you . 
  i know a guy who flew a 5.4 hr survey sortie without a fuel cap and did n't lose any fucking fuel . 
  he did have extended range tanks though , but there was no imbalance when he landed . 
  after that both us would double and triple check those caps . 
  lol i 'm not the mod . 
  i think empennage made it a while back, 
  what ... what kind of drugs are we testing man ? 
  something something rantydi rant something something it 's not fair that airline pilots use their benefits to their advantage blah blah blah . 
  but yeah what you said, 
  there 's a [ good website ] ( http://www.global-air.com/global/gferrytrips.htm ) for some jobs . 
  but your competition in the field is fairly fierce . 
  you get airline fellas , freight doggy dogs , airline employees who have bennies who will undercut you and do it for less . 
  from my own experience most people who want planes ferried want someone with 2,500 + tt with some ferry experience in the past . 
  around the states , as others have pointed out your best bet is just being at the right place at the right time . 
  get to know other pilots , as a cfi you 'll have plenty of opportunities for that and maybe one of them will be your guy . 
  cheers !, 
  amen . 
  i usually have backdoor sluts nine running on my g6900 , the king420 autopilot is so good that i can vape with one hand and work the yoke witht the other . 
  actually you have exactly 420 carb ice cubes , if you have too many glideslope becomes too slippery as they melt . 
  [ even better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uei_ssy6bmu ), 
  fuck how recent was that ? 
  i just did a run there this morning, 
  alaska ... too cold for me . 
  but my friends that flew there always dug the king salmon run . 
  congrats on the job and [ cheers from the caribbean ] ( http://imgur.com/uvsjzd9 ), 
  datona aproch skycock wan six fo rima derta reques frighh forrowi to perrr harbar , fright of 300 . 
  we canca wen we hav fierd in sighh, 
  do n't feed the troll guys . 
  gr3at j0ke !, 
  here 's my best advice , do n't sign on with anyone until you get your mins . 
  the regionals are getting folks as early as freshmen year of college . 
  and a lot of these kids have no idea what they 're signing on to or how rapidly things can change . 
  i completely understand the shiny jet syndrome , and all of the pitches sound phenomenal when you 're sitting in air carrier ops bored out of your mind , but a lot of things can change between now and when you 'll be eligible for hire . 
  so do n't pull the trigger too early . 
  the market is so good for us right now i do n't understand why anyone would make an early choice at this time . 
  i know some of them promising a seniority number and such but honestly that sounds a little too good to be true , and i 'll be very surprised that the pilot unions would welcome that . 
  i know i 'd be pissed if i held a good line and an fo fresh of ioe who signed a contract his second year of college bumps me off of it because he 's `` technically '' senior to me . 
  there 's a shortage that true but that does n't refute the idea that free cheese is usually only found in mousetraps . 
  just my $ .02 . 
  there are plenty other pilots on this sub who could offer even info/better insight than myself, 
  idk man , papa johns customer services is under fire now . 
  i 'd prefer a pizza shop with a flow through to dominos, 
  that 's why they 're trying to get them early with all the cadet programs . 
  looks like good airmanship to me . 
  you evaluated the risk and made appropriate decisions . 
  quality post , great right up . 
  next time try to talk her out of going to school for business though . 
  that and darth maul were the highlights of the movie, 
  upon entering controlled airspace in an uncontrolled field . 
  i buddy of mine just signed on with them . 
  he 's got 250ish hours . 
  yeah man , the pilots of caribbean is a pretty small club . 
  it 's a mix of gringos temporarily based down here and ricans that have found a sweet job right at home . 
  everyone i met is pretty chill . 
  the most bullshit thing i was ever asked was `` do you need an engine to recover from a stall ? '', 
  i answered no as you can still nose the airplane over build up some speed and recover . 
  well this motherfucker actually meant `` needing an engine '' as in having an engine physically present in the plane . 
  so he failed me on the question , it probably also had something to do with me pointing out the similarities between his initials `` b.s. '', 
  and the types of questions he was asking . 
  i was also asked once how many rivets there were on a skyhawk or something so i asked her `` shirley you 're not serious ? '', 
  i always though of each diver as 50 points and each formation as 100 . 
  but i had to do grids over a jumper airport once , and i rang the other dude up on the radio and just coordinated with him on when he 'd be dropping . 
  i timed my passes in a way that i 'd be about 5-10 miles clear from the field to east/west so that he had a point of reference for me and he 'd call me back once they were on the ground . 
  my main problem with it were the countless spelling mistakes . 
  the first thing that came to my mind is the crash axe that 's conveniently located on the fo side in my plane . 
  it 's also known as the `` instant upgrade '' through the grapevine . 
  portland me is a great city and it 's beautiful there this time of year . 
  probably my favorite trip that i ever did in the ne . 
  no he 's the real senate, 
  maybe in a glider you do n't because those things are actually built to fly without an engine in them . 
  but in an airplane you need the physical weight of the engine to allow you to nose it over and keep it within cg . 
  yeah man . 
  time flies when you 're having rum, 
  for ppl . 
  it was a stage check though , that 's why i could be a smart ass and not worry about it . 
  who wants a dank vape ? 
  [ this is what comes to my mind ] ( https://youtu.be/0ejqocpm7d8?t=1m10s ), 
  he always get one after annnnoootherrr greaaasser !, 
  is that an updated version of hazloads ? 
  hey i 'd rather see the hot chicks in those leggings than anyone else . 
  the lanyards are pretty neat though . 
  i almost got the `` squawk dirty to me '' one , but figured that i 'd get some dirty looks while commuting . 
  if they ca n't take a joke from a scrub meme page , they 're gon na need to lube up hard for life after college . 
  208s need co pilots ? 
  the emb 110 ? 
  fuck everyone keeps saying that . 
  he 's only there for 4 years . 
  britains crisis is way worse as it decided to permanently secede from one of the most beneficial economical alliances it was ever in . 
  that 's good an all but ,, 
  have you ever heard the tragedy of darth plageus the wise ? 
  i 've seen some of his stuff and i think it 's good that he brings exposure to professional aviation . 
  with that said , i 'm with you , i usually ca n't make it through a fly along , but once again i have a a fly along every time i show up for work . 
  for those of us that fly for a living it 's different .
