  and this operation may only be performed by a certified pilot/mechanic . 
  at least that 's the way i learned it . 
  i 'm sure a cfi will correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  - cheers, 
  edit - formatting, 
  yes usually a 141 place would have a flight ops manual . 
  you 'd find their equipment list there . 
  yes type rating is only required for turbojet and jet powerd aircraft or those with over 12500 lbs basic empty weight . 
  yooo kpym represnting . 
  this is pretty cool . 
  we should go flying haha . 
  nothing much . 
  how about that snow huh ? 
  their guitars around $ 700 are a true bang for the buck . 
  contrary to the popular belief they are some of the most versatile instruments . 
  even the more metal instruments are highly capable of blues and jazz styles . 
  if you like the lp body prs might be a good alternative . 
  quality stuff too . 
  but i 'd suggest saving some money and buying a used gibson, 
  svfr is fairly common , and useful when you do n't feel like getting a clearance just to get past a small broken layer over the airport, 
  contact approaches are sketchy and pretty rare , never done one . 
  it 's pretty much a legal form of scud running . 
  watch out for the non preset flap switch . 
  in the retract position it will go all the way to zero if you do n't stop it . 
  just watch out for that on go arounds . 
  besides that , not a bad bird , not my favorite though . 
  sounds like a cargo flight in alaska . 
  fishy as f ***, 
  i love kbid , my fav summer destination . 
  not as touristy and uptight as mvy or ack , way more down to earth crowd . 
  did an approach in the boston area in the middle of a pretty serious snow shower in an archer , from 1800ft lost -500 ft in about a second . 
  that was fun . 
  i was glad that there was no obstructions high enough to hit since i was riding the ils down . 
  ready for departure is the best . 
  the more thing you get across with the least amount of words the better . 
  compare this, 
  `` new york approach , cessna skyhawk n12345 , 3 south of mcarthur , ifr out of 1400 climbing to 3000 runway heading long island 3 departure , 3 15 o'clock , 23 degrees celsuis '', 
  with this, 
  `` approach , n12345 long island 3 , 1400 for 3000 '', 
  if it 's busy airspace nobody wants to hear anyone rambling, 
  well if you have dme it makes it easier , on the low en route a given fix usually has the distance from a specific vor mentioned under it so you could just keep track of how many miles you flew from a vor . 
  here follow along with me . 
  in this case we 're flying v167 between pvd and hfd . 
  jewit may be id ` ed by setting the dme on pvd and waiting until you hit 18 dme from pvd . 
  now if you have two vor recievers there 's another option . 
  here take a look at this plate . 
  by setting vor 1 to the ewb locolizer and the other one to pvd , you can tell when you 're at bonni when the pvd vor cdi centers on the 142 radial . 
  then you 'd select 124 radial from pvd to identify your faf , when that centers you can start your decent during a locolizer approach . 
  ils decent may be initiated once the gs is intercepted . 
  same thing may be accomplished with a adf , but i hate that thing with a passion and would only use it as a last resort . 
  does this help ? 
  source : ir ppl . 
  edit : spelling, 
  this may still be considered as holding out since you 're acting as an agent who obtains passenger and directs them to me . 
  i also do not have a personal relationship with the passenger . 
  it would be ok , if he approached me directly without a reference from you . 
  holding out means offering the public the carriage of persons or property for hire thus making the operator a common carrier . 
  the trycicle gear is operated through a hydraulic system that is powered by a reversible electric pump . 
  it extend or retracts in about seven seconds . 
  features a landing gear indicator that features down and locked positions , gear in transition and up and locked indications . 
  it also has an emergency gear release switch which releases the hydraulic pressure in the cylinders that keep the gear up and allows the gear to free fall down . 
  warning systems on this model include a warning horn activation when the manifold pressure is reduced to below 14 inches of mp . 
  it is also activated if the gear switch is in the up position when the a/c is on the ground and when it 's extended via the emergency release with the gear switch up position . 
  check the circuit breaker , try cycling the gear . 
  if that does n't work select the emergency release . 
  if still no light , put more power in and put her in a 60 degree right bank to get the right gear down . 
  if that does n't work try to sideslip it into the wind so the wind blows it down . 
  if none of this works , land at the slowest possible speed , and keep the right wing of the ground as long as possible . 
  pick a bigger runway . 
  personally i 'd shut down the engine once landing is assured . 
  the hydraulic cylinder, 
  that 's a good call , is any other way to do so besides pulling a cirquit breaker ? 
  hm , no not really , am i forgetting something ? 
  man i always forget the real simple stuff . 
  thanks hahaha, 
  congrats dude !, 
  some arrows and archers out there can handle 4 . 
  i 've flown an archer with 4 people in it , but to be fair two of them were 125lbs ladies , and i 'm not a very big guy myself . 
  look into a piper dacota that thing has like a 230hp engine or something along the same power . 
  you 'll need a high performance endorsement though, 
  ever heard of the grave yard spiral ? 
  if vfr pilots could maintain control of the aircraft for that long , grave yard spiral would n't be as well known . 
  this video is a bit over the top , but it does explain some of the sensations your body feels in imc . 
  preparation is half the battle . 
  i do n't mean to be a dick but the argument about icing and turbulence in clouds as a reason to not become ir is just plain stupid . 
  if you 're afraid of the wolves - do not walk into the forest . 
  i fly around boston ma . 
  we get some pretty serious winters out here . 
  and yes ga aircraft are n't meant for flying the weather . 
  icing will bring you down . 
  but an ir is an added layer of safety . 
  i once found myself in a middle of a few pretty intense snow showers . 
  be it poor planning on my part or rapidly changing weather , probably a bit of both . 
  visibility dropped to 0 within minutes and i was glad i was trained and equipped to land safely at a nearby airport through the ils . 
  bottom line - if you 're flying ga stuff , icing and convective activity ( in imc ) is a no go . 
  i mostly fly vfr in winter time , and i only get a pop ifr clearence if i really have to get out of a jam . 
  now for the faa you need 6 approaches , holds and tracking and itercepting procedures done every 6 months to stay ifr current . 
  is it enough ? 
  not really . 
  it 's important to go up every so often into actual imc just to practice the skills and procedures .
