  that 's a nice airport , i flew there many times . 
  lots of flight training around that area though so that 's something to look out for . 
  you 're definitely entitled to that opinion, 
  look i 'm not trying to be prick here , but grow a pair . 
  most women like confidence and if she 's a pilot she probably falls into that category . 
  if you are thinking about it enough to create a throw away account just to ask advice then you already know the answer . 
  go for it . 
  i 'd finish training first though , so you have a strictly personal relationship this way you follow the `` do n't shit where you eat '' rule . 
  people meet in a variety of ways and i do n't see why this way has to be taboo . 
  and besides like someone said earlier everyone is trying to fuck everyone else in aviation , in my experience its pretty common , i 'm guilty of that too . 
  and do n't worry about things being awkward , that 's a childish way to think about it . 
  we all start out as strangers , and there are a lot worse things in life than having an awkward moment . 
  russian here , born and raised there , the way people teach there is very different , so that could be part of it . 
  it 's more brutal and sometimes you get insulted , most of the time it 's for fair reasons . 
  at least my teachers never shat on me without a good reason . 
  it works pretty well though i got ta admit . 
  but that 's a convo for a different time . 
  the falling asleep part is unacceptable . 
  change your cfi, 
  if i could log fsx time , i 'd have a 757/767 type by now, 
  avoid mentioning your fsx experience all together when in professional circles . 
  hey man , i 've been at pym for a while now . 
  it 's pretty uncommon . 
  he should 've called before he entered . 
  they usually do . 
  once they crossed the runway while i was on the roll , but it was fairly far away from me so i was n't too concerned and he also did n't stop ( honestly at that point if i stopped i would 've been more likely to hit him . 
  it can be a bit unsettling , but you 're in aviation so there will always be stuff like that . 
  nobody promised a walk in the park . 
  stay sharp . 
  it 's boston , we 're too cool for pireps, 
  yes , since this transaction would be classified as private carriage . 
  you approached me without any outside guidance . 
  under day vfr an attitude indicator is not required by 91.205 . 
  i 'd also check the ad , the kinds of ops list , aircraft equipment list and the type certificate of the aircraft . 
  if the item does n't appear as required in any of those . 
  we can go . 
  placard it inop . 
  minimum equipment list . 
  tailored individually to each aircraft by the n number and must be approved by the faa . 
  it 's a list that specifies conditions under which an aircraft can be flown with inop equipment . 
  the mel is n't transerrable and must be surrendered to the fsdo once the aircraft is sold . 
  and no if the item is n't on the mel and is inop the aircraft is grounded, 
  yes , since i still did n't hold out . 
  check the reg , ad , kinds of ops list , aircraft equipment list , type certificate . 
  if it 's not required by any of those , and it does n't compromise safety you can go . 
  oh yeah , well if an aircraft has an mel , you 'd consult that document . 
  if an item is inop , and is on the mel , it will list specific procedures for operations with it inop . 
  an mel is a document specific to each aircraft by n number and approved by the faa . 
  it features m ( mainatanence procedures ) and o ( ops procedures ) m must be accomplished by a mechanic and o by the crew . 
  to create an mel , the owner / operator drafts the procedures and presents it to an faa inspector . 
  if it 's approved by the faa inspector he issues a loa for the document . 
  and in conjunction the mel with the loa act as an stc for the aircraft that allows operation with specific inop equipment . 
  from your previous scenario i assumed that you 're renting the aircraft without me in the picture period . 
  in that case i still stick with yes that can be done legally . 
  if i have to rent the plane , then it would start smelling like a part 135 . 
  and if i own an aircraft , then no as mentioned because i 'm offering a package . 
  and further i ca n't do it because i 'm holding out ( advertising ), 
  interesting question . 
  well , the field is on the verge of ifr . 
  it could still be considered mvfr , since ifr calls for less than 1000 and less than 3 sm . 
  but in class c basic vfr weather mins call for 500 below the clouds . 
  so to comply with that you 'd have to fly at 500 . 
  so no . 
  you ca n't . 
  no because i 'm operating a plane that i own . 
  i 'd have to have a carrier certificate . 
  in the second case i 'm gon na go with no , because that one fisherman is acting as an agent promoting me . 
  and taking all of them up could be interpreted as a reputation to serve all . 
  that 's a valid point . 
  hm i guess you 're right in that case yes you could do it . 
  but the second part would still be a no go . 
  african or european ? 
  thanks man, 
  the field is ifr, 
  well , of course not . 
  i 'm not gon na be that asshole who 's gon na hold up the departures behind me . 
  ask tower , that we need a moment to sort out something , they 'll find me an unused taxi-way figure it out there . 
  and looking all that stuff up should n't take more than 5 mins . 
  determine further course of action from my findings . 
  first of all get the guy some air , crack open air vents , tell him to loosen his clothes a bit , and tell him to avoid unnecessary head movement . 
  meanwhile crosscheck the aircraft pressurization system . 
  ( if non pressurized a/c , get lower ) if that is functioning properly , set a lower cabin altitude . 
  avoid imc , and tell the guy to focus on object far out on the horizon . 
  monitor his condition closely . 
  hey , i actually ca n't find an answer to that , where could i look it up ? 
  hey i do n't quite understand what you 're getting at here , you could a special , but otherwise would n't it still be illegal ? 
  ok makes sense thanks, 
  yes it is . 
  man i hope they wined and dined you before they fucked you like that . 
  ditch the place , and flying out of a class c will always be stupid expensive . 
  in ri , go to north central , they have good school there . 
  or if you 're in college look into going to bridgewater state , they 're pretty decent and have flight program . 
  fair game , cheap , but fair . 
  i 'll have to remember this one . 
  here 's a better one :, 
  do you need an engine to recover from a stall ? 
  the answer is yes . 
  without the engine physically present in the plane , you would n't be able to recover from a stall because of extreme aft c.g. 
  so you do need an engine to recover , it does n't need to be functioning however hahaha, 
  good to know , thanks man .
