  he would 've killed her anyway because she was a loose end . 
  it was just a question of time . 
  [ now when you picture a bag of dicks ? 
  what do you see ? 
  are they all in a brown bag sticking out like baguettes ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot7xc_xqyo8 ), 
  the fucking support monkey part is right on . 
  not a carrrrr, 
  look to their point it 's not like you made an appointment . 
  you just showed up . 
  it is their business to take care of potential students but people usually call and set up appointments for those purposes . 
  and from what it sounds like they still found some time to talk to you . 
  what you could 've done is dropped by and asked if there 's a time to sit down with the chief pilot for an hour and discuss flight training options , that would 've been the best course of action and possibly a different conversation . 
  it really sounds like you 've had this really high expectation of how the conversation would go and it just did n't happen that way , and you seem upset about that . 
  12k is on the higher side , but that 's not outrageous . 
  a lot of those aopa articles forget about shit like weather , sickness , lessons re-done and student performance . 
  is it possible to do it in 7k ? 
  yes . 
  but for that to happen a lot of things have to be just right . 
  a 152 at $ 90/hr , a cfi that cares , a school that 's good , a student that 's available and capable , no family emergencies or vacations , dpe availability . 
  during flight training the longer you delay something the more money you soak into it . 
  and personally i feel like a lot of folks at aopa are somewhat out of touch with the current realities of ga. 
  but once again i do n't use their sources that often so i might be wrong . 
  it sounds like you 've got the bug to do it and i wish you the best of luck . 
  you 're more prepped than i was when i started my ppl . 
  but just give yourself this reality check : in aviation more than most other industries things are n't going to be the way they seem . 
  that goes from something as literal as the weather changing to something as vague as your company going chapter 7 without telling you . 
  do n't get discouraged though , it 's a great field . 
  it sounds like you 've got what it takes , do n't let small shit get you down . 
  for sure man , honestly i 'd shop around a bit more as well as others have mentioned . 
  check out a handfull of fight schools . 
  consider relocating somewhere just for training if you can swing that . 
  but with your uncle having that plane your most cost effective solution would be getting a good cfi . 
  ask the ppls you know who they trained with and talk to more people . 
  there are a lot of free-lance cfis or part timers who fly weird schedules under part 135 and continue teaching . 
  those guys are often the most willing and able to teach in private aircraft than those affiliated with schools , especially the bigger ones . 
  almost all schools offer a private airplane instructor rate , but it 's usually about $ 70 + / hr . 
  so you have the right idea with for finding a cfi already . 
  sooo you want to press her into training that she does n't really want to do ? 
  who 's going to pay for it ? 
  there 's no way she will since she does n't want to do it in the first place . 
  imho it seems like a waste . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  we 're all passionate about flying , but remember that a lot of people are n't into it at all . 
  and that 's fine . 
  there 's no reason to force others into it . 
  and assuming you 're fit enough to have a medical , you can prevent most inflight health problems with some quality adm. 
  so she broke up with you ( i 'm assuming , unless you took her on `` break up '' flight ) on a mountain and you still flew her home ? 
  i 'd let her drive lol . 
  threechum, 
  well you could work some of these cliches into it . 
  * `` speed is life & altitude is life insurance thing '', 
  * `` every far is written in blood of perished pilots '', 
  * `` there are old pilots and bold pilots , but there are no old bold pilots '', 
  but here 's something to think about : every time you take the runway you 're accepting a risk . 
  it 's a well mitigated risk but non the less . 
  perhaps your character could have a relative ( father figure-esque ) who perished flying . 
  something could 've gone wrong that he could n't prevent like a bird strike or sabotage or a highjacking . 
  or something like a grey area with getting in too deep with some weather . 
  he could 've been a coast guard pilot or medevac guy who perished when trying to save someone ( like that helicopter in the perfect storm ) . 
  that could give some interesting backstory and character development & show that pilots are not perfect and make mistakes . 
  your character could be torn between his passion for flight but there could also animosity towards it for taking his loved one . 
  * i also think about it in a sense that we all have limited time in the air ( fuel wise ) and we also have a limited time on earth ( life wise ) so that 's a metaphor right there . 
  * another thing in life that i can relate to flying is when you do n't know the outcome of something and you 're really hoping for outcome x. 
  ( something that 's not up to you but you 've already done everything you could 've ) to me it 's almost like shooting an approach to mins . 
  all you can do is keep the sword fighters centered and hope that you see the lights . 
  if you do n't there 's always plan b. 
  ( going missed and figuring what the fuck you 're gon na do now ) this is almost sucking this metaphor out of a finger but it kinda works imo . 
  * as a kid i 'd look up at planes and wonder where they 're going . 
  now i wonder if anyone ever wonders that when looking at my plane in the night sky . 
  * as someone mentioned earlier loss of control is n't something that often happens in aviation . 
  everyone is trained to be in control . 
  but then there are things that pilots ca n't control like weather and various external factors . 
  so your character could have some circumstances in life that he 's struggling to control but then realizes that just like with flying you ca n't control everything and stops worrying . 
  ( tying back into the hole risk mitigation thing ) also you could tie that into the `` there 're always going to be `` what ifs '' in life '' idea . 
  then finally there 's the whole `` living the dream '' concept . 
  it 's something cynical many pilots say . 
  the idea is that `` it was their dream to fly , but now they hate it '' that 's really simplifying it though . 
  for a lot of pilots the job does n't turn out to be like it seemed . 
  it puts a lot of pressure on people and often forces you to make tough decisions between your family , personal life and your work . 
  and over years many are completely drained of the raw passion they once had . 
  i 'd say talk to more pilots and get to know some as people . 
  look for the sense of humor . 
  it 's my favorite thing about many aviators . 
  many of them have a really messed up sense of humor . 
  i think that 's just because it 's the way many of them deal with the stress of the job ( self irony & and humor ) . 
  before everyone on this sub starts cherry picking inaccuracies in these statements . 
  i 'm aware that i 'm painting with a broad brush here & there are lots more details to everything . 
  op asked for ideas and my inner english major got a raging hard on so take it easy . 
  what 's this guys ig tag ? 
  i wan na hang up his photos in my plane, 
  interesting i did almost that exact route about 3 months ago in a 172 . 
  bring a gatorade bottle with you and make sure you have plenty of oil . 
  the only thing i 'd say is watch the clouds in fl . 
  on my flight it was crystal clear pretty much everywhere up until the last 150ish miles which were a mix of imc/on top flying . 
  there were no ts but this time of the year they 're gon na start to pop up more . 
  you 're more likely to avoid that if you leave chs early in the morning . 
  clouds and thunderstorms tend to pop up in the second half of the day in fl . 
  [ united express 5925 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_express_flight_5925 ), 
  it really resonated with me on one summer day when i was in a certain very busy uncontrolled field just trying to get out when 7 or 8 planes were all doing touch and goes .
