  well italy and france seem like they are n't the best of buds right now . 
  fuck yes !, 
   the 2006 world cup final should have been a triumph for italians , but all people remember now is the iconic french soccer captain zinedine zidane headbutting an opponent in the last minutes . 
   the controversy overshadowed much of the glory for the winning team that night and the subsequent carping of french fans convinced many italians that their bigger , richer neighbor will never give them the respect they deserve , whether the field is sports , business or politics . 
  lmao, 
  you could flip turkey for poland in the title and it would make a lot of sense . 
  nope , they control the oil market . 
  new elections . 
  thanks !, 
  i was interested if it was going to be more f-16 's or f-35 's . 
  it probably is , i just find it interesting to think about, 
  would you happen to have a link ? 
  romanian is fine . 
  i think there was a provision added in this bill that exempted european companies . 
  although it was vague and i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  hope the soldiers are okay . 
  spain , belgium , finland , poland , romania , greece . 
  countries that are likely or in competition to join the f-35 program . 
  korea probably will order more especially if the kai t-50 is chosen for the t-x program . 
  then you add on more usa orders and already joint members . 
  the big wild card would be india and middle east countries . 
  i browse an india defense forum and one of the guys who is connected to the goi is saying that if the f-16 make in india program goes through , the f-35 follows swiftly especially if the fgfa deal falls through . 
  it 's close , but i could see it . 
  really until the german-franco plane shows up , there is n't any competition in the west for fifth gen fighters . 
  good , it 's absurd china parades free trade while they censor everything , block any foreign competition and takeovers . 
  i really do think the f-35 program will surpass the f-16 program , which is insane to think about . 
  it is russia not the eu or usa engaging in cold war type behaviour . 
  romania wants f-35 's , usa would n't sell it to a ex-soviet bloc country unless there was some kind of step up deal . 
  lot of europeans are salty over poland 's preference for american weapons . 
  this was especially noticeable when poland canceled the french helicopter deal and ordered american . 
  part of this is also because ee does n't take in refugee quotas and poland receiving the most amount of eu budgetary money . 
  if we were serious about saving the environment , we 'd expand nuclear energy production . 
  easily the most cost efficient and green friendly energy source there is . 
  humans have literally shot themselves in the foot over radiation hysteria . 
  oh i know block 70 is deadly , i just find it amazing the longevity of some weapon systems . 
  the m2 browning will likely reach a century of use while the c-130 might reach it too . 
  i just do n't understand how you can claim to be green friendly and then shut off every single nuclear reactor . 
  https://static1.squarespace.com/static/56eddde762cd9413e151ac92/t/59747741bf629a8e3d01a494/1500804930480/chlorinated+chicken.pdf  `` immersing poultry meat in chlorine dioxide solution of the strength used in the united states reduces prevalence of salmonella from 14 % in controls to 2 % . 
  eu chicken samples typically have 15-20 % salmonella . '', 
  https://static1.squarespace.com/static/56eddde762cd9413e151ac92/t/59747741bf629a8e3d01a494/1500804930480/chlorinated+chicken.pdf  `` immersing poultry meat in chlorine dioxide solution of the strength used in the united states reduces prevalence of salmonella from 14 % in controls to 2 % . 
  eu chicken samples typically have 15-20 % salmonella . '', 
  this reminds me of the dutch elections kinda . 
   atheist in islamist society everyone is atheist or christian or gay suddenly . 
  i do wish we had new polls for a swedish election , have n't been able to find a recent one . 
  except science suggests chlorine chicken is better for food safety . 
  yes, 
  hopefully greek then . 
  they could use it . 
  ngos piss me off man , it 's like they are intentionally running a trafficking business . 
   the croatian ministry of defence ( mod ) said the rfp was sent to five countries : greece , israel and the us for the f-16 ; south korea for the fa-50 ; and sweden for the gripen jas 39 . 
  should be a gripen victory , but i just wan na say it 's hilarious how the f-16 is still competitive 40 years after its introduction . 
  do it . 
  thanks !, 
  if you had to give your best bet on which parties would form the next government what would you say ? 
  does that mean swedish elections soon ? 
  lol chlorine chicken is just a convenient battlecry for politicians . 
  good marketing since everyone thinks chlorine/pools . 
  it 's total nonsense based on no scientific reality . 
  although that 's not to understate turkey 's importance . 
  it 's why the situation with erdogan is so hard to maneuver . 
  axis of cars . 
  i do n't like corbyn 's chances . 
  may shot herself in the foot several times and still he ca n't pull away in any polls still trailing in some of them . 
  thanks for your service !, 
  not european but / r/askeurope better suits your needs . 
  3rd world wages lol . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  would n't a more logical solution just stop ngo 's and close their ports to migrants like spain and france has ? 
  yup , it 's designed so you ca n't enact article 5 for colonial holdings . 
  ie falkland islands . 
  that 's like 0.001 % in comparison to this . 
  country over party . 
   which is still 157 trillion dollars . 
  what . 
  that 's only if the uk does n't sign trade deals with other countries . 
  all anglosphere countries and japan have already signaled the intention to do so . 
  for example , this one . 
  majority exports of russia are energy related , how else would you suggest the us hurt russia for interfering and hacking the us elections ? 
  not like we can stop you from selling arms . 
  why does it list upgrades and spares as hidden costs ? 
  spare parts for machines have been a thing since the 1500s . 
  upgrades for planes also go on for every plane like the typhoon currently . 
  seriously how misleading to call those things `` hidden . '', 
   : : an inability by the `` stealth '' f-35 to transmit data to british ships and older aircraft without revealing its position ; false . 
  link 16 does not reveal the position of the plane because it operates in short bursts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/link_16  : : the aircraft 's software system is vulnerable to cyber attack and can not be tested independently by the uk ; how would the times know this ? 
  and who cares if the uk can test it ? 
  the usa has 10000 times more resources to make it cyber attack proof . 
   : : weak broadband on the royal navy 's principal aircraft carrier is hampering the jet 's abilities ; why is this a f-35 problem ? 
   : : the department responsible for the computer networks essential to the aircraft 's operation needs to find savings of # 400 million this year . 
  once again , not the f-35 's fault . 
  also pierre sprey is a hack who 's borderline retarded is often cited like usual . 
  so the f-35 is unproven right ? 
  how about the f-22 . 
  this is the expert 's opinion on the f-22 . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaq6omg7doe edit : this sets the record straight . 
  internment camps that you can leave at any time ? 
  cutting spending is never popular . 
  yes fight islamophobia because a phobia is irrational . 
  lol , probably drop the anti semitism , anti eu , pro russia stance and you 'd be better off .
