  well russian soldiers make like 1/10 western soldiers do and russian engineers are a lot cheaper as well . 
  why a new tank ? 
  that 's seems like a waste . 
  i think rationalizing wars via technology advancement is a pretty nihilistic way of looking at things . 
  happy bastille day france !, 
  we will never forget how you helped us cede from the brits . 
  nope , the jsf is not a good example of this at all . 
  the f-35 is a brilliant plane . 
  in america 80 % combat readiness for planes is considered fire worthy for negligence . 
  last i ready germany has like 30 % combat useable tornados . 
  but yeah , bad streak of defense ministers . 
  can / r/europe mods get rid of this filter ? 
  it 's so annoying . 
  16 hours ago when this is a perfectly legit topic . 
  c'mon , `` cheese eating surrender monkeys that do not enjoy freedom fries . '', 
  france lost , no way you can spin an unconditional surrender . 
  f-22 is best looking fifth gen plane imo . 
  idk why , but i 've seen more poland salt on this sub than usual . 
  like way more than usual . 
  macron has to invite trump , it 's the 100th anniversary of usa entering ww1 . 
  it 's kinda sad to think about how much stronger europe would be on the global stage if they did n't knock each other out in two world wars . 
  millions of generations lost and land lost . 
  edit : land lost is n't the correct term . 
  also , i just think about the people that lost their lives who did n't get the chance to have kids who and etc. 
  millions of generations is probably the wrong term as well , but i 'm thinking about the lost generations of kids and grand kids because of those lives lost . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6n3ey3/so_i_translated_a_humorous_meme_thats_recently/dk729mz/ this describes what i meant . 
  lol what is this article . 
  i know it would have been , but my point is it 's not fair to lump the uk with france in this case . 
  the most uk could have done in the 1 and a half months poland fell was provide air cover for france 's attack . 
  well it 's not like poland forced uk/france to sign it ... 
  like i said , it took months for the bef to get ready . 
  any attack into western germany would have to be initiated by the french while the british airplanes would support it , ground forces would take months to organize . 
  a larger part being having allies is a good thing . 
  there is hope for a working relationship after all . 
  yeah nukes were our only option to win . 
  honestly what did you expect the uk to do ? 
  it took months to actually transport shit back then . 
  well , the f-16 autonomous program basically can take off by itself and shoot and bomb stuff . 
  still needs the f-35 input but that 's pretty good . 
  yeah okay , that 's pretty far off . 
  we already have autonomous fighter aircraft . 
  no need to speculate xd, 
   actually , the only country ever to invoke article 5 of the nato treaty was the us after the wtc attacks . 
  people bring this up all the time , but i 'm not sure of the relevance . 
  no it is n't . 
  the f-22 lacks ground attack capability as well as having worse avionics and electronics . 
  best of luck to europe , rnd will be insanely expensive as europe is jumping two generations of planes . 
  the rafale is much much much more successful than the eurofighter . 
  it 's going to be ioc by 2019 ... 
  it 's not going to be based on anything fourth generation . 
   but then if europe can take care of its self defense , why would it need the us ? 
  the usa can take of itself for self defense why does it need europe ? 
  what a dumb question . 
  allies are always a good thing . 
  if there 's one thing you trust americans in it 's making a good weapon . 
  now if you 're talking politics , i get that . 
  yes fire your defense minister for incompetence please . 
  best bet is saab again , they 're going for gripen 2050 . 
   like the osprey what ? 
  the osprey is an unbelievably good aircraft . 
  all issues are solved . 
  literally no country has something even close to it . 
  also the spartan ? 
  is n't that italian ? 
  su-35 is pretty damn good . 
  we refer to europe liberal as libertarian, 
  well that 's up to you guys . 
  ai n't no reverse engineering or code modifying is being done though . 
  heh , i do n't think people understand how bad the alis could be . 
  except that it 's completely locked . 
  you can not decompile it . 
  china would easily handle it , they do n't care about human rights . 
  they would shoot the refugees before allowing them in . 
  they 're also super racist . 
  to be fair , the tax rate is heavily misleading . 
  there are so many deductions and loopholes that the effective tax rate is a lot lower . 
  will eventually drop to 75million . 
  glorious . 
  well they should just dissolve the euro then . 
  utter madness having a common currency without a common fiscal policy . 
  well duh i know it wo n't happen . 
  yeah a joint tornado replacement is far , far too late . 
  best odds for europe is to skip fifth gen and produce a sixth gen air superiority fighter to replace the typhoon/rafale/gripen for 2040 . 
  oh the v-22 is insanely one of a kind . 
  also had soo many developmental problems . 
   to me , it seems to boil down that airbus is the giant in europe but there are no other giants . 
  europe needs to compete within itself similar to what boeing and lockheed have done for years this is a very good point . 
  syria flag for sweden . 
  yeah but our auto bailouts resulted in fruit . 
  yup , feel for germany , they 've already committed so many financial resources to greece that has yielded no fruit . 
  dissolution of the currency union does n't make any sense when the ultimate goal is a political and fiscal union . 
  would much rather just see a common fiscal policy or eurobonds . 
  i 'm sure germany would gladly give up that 1.3 billion to not loan hundred of billions . 
  sure if you 're willing to fly tornados until 2040 when they 're already about to hit their 6000 flight limit . 
  sure , but the point is you ca n't reverse engineer software if you do n't have access to the open source code . 
  i 'm sure germany have expert coders . 
  when was the last succesful multi national european military project successful ? 
  meteor i guess , but that 's still unproven . 
  you 'd have to go back to the tornado for something substantive . 
  typhoon - 4 countries .
