  ah yes , very anti america . 
  1 day into office north korea reminds us why thaad and us military cooperation exists . 
  are there any requests for troop withdrawal ? 
  nope , are there any requests for thaad withdrawal ? 
  nope . 
  debt cut + deregulation . 
  only solution for greece m8, 
  could use a vpn or did they patch that ? 
  speaks to the level of security in general i guess . 
  meh that 's pretty optimistic . 
  is n't schulz kinda anti nato ? 
  i 'm almost sure we 'll get more european shows , netflix ca n't afford all the big broadcasting rights for american hollywood blockbusters anymore so they produce their own . 
  european shows rely much more on acting and dialogue rather than explosions or actions so it 's a natural fit to a lower budget netflix production . 
  meh it 's pretty much just states that border russia + romania since ukraine is not in nato . 
  cool . 
  love british shows . 
  root problem is islam does n't integrate well . 
  this is n't really relevant to / r/europe is it ? 
  i do n't really get what the obsession with / r/td , there a bunch of idiots , why give them attention ? 
  i 'm so fucking confused . 
   a standard oldschool occupation would probably suck , but for me it would n't be a reason to take up arms and break lots of stuff and get people killed . 
  are you insane ? 
  are you suggesting you would n't fight back if germany was occupied by a foreign country ? 
   by 2024 ; so keep your complaining until then . 
  meh the 2 % does n't really matter to me , what matters is the state of the european militaries . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/dutch-soldiers-are-shouting-bang-bang-because-theyve-run-out-of-bullets-10442332.html  just spending more does not make a better army ; spending efficiently makes a better army . 
  for europe , personally , that would means as a continent integrate to remove a lot of inefficiencies and then jointly raise defense spending where needed . 
  oh i totally support an eu army and further integration . 
  however until that happens it 's not a sufficient reason for the state of european militaries . 
   shame on belgium for not having a space program ; a nuclear program ; and aviation program ... 
  i mean come on those things are so cheap . 
  did usa ever fault europe for not having these things during the cold war when europe actually cared about its defense ? 
  or did usa only start getting upset when europe slashed military spending to nothing and left their military in disarray ? 
   just because the us ; wants to invest more than all 8 other top countries combined ; that is the us 's choice . 
  we did n't impose that on you . 
  during the cold war many countries did n't even spend that magical 2 % . 
  that magical 2 % only became an issue recently . 
  i think you missed the point , i 've never once mentioned wanting europe to overspend . 
  let me remind you that european nations agreed to spend 2 % . 
   yeah , no . 
  it was never equal partnership . 
  equal partnership in the sense that it was politically and militarily fair ? 
  no , but europe maintained a partnership in the sense it maintained a sufficient army and was responsible for its own defenses . 
   no , but let europe decide itself how to do it ; 2 % is n't a magical number that suddenly makes everything better . 
  it is an idiotic fixation . 
  actually spending more money on the military magically does make the military better . 
  i do n't actually care if they spend 2 % , 2 % is just a guideline that encourages europe to get its shit together when it comes to military . 
  the problem is shit like this . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/dutch-soldiers-are-shouting-bang-bang-because-theyve-run-out-of-bullets-10442332.html or this http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/why-germanys-air-force-dying-14549  it is a natural consequence ; do n't act like it is n't . 
  it probably is a natural consequence and it 's entirely the fault of europe . 
   not every country can develop all technologies required for everything even if they increased their defense spending to 2 % . 
  no but without the funding you 100 % ca n't develop or buy sufficient arms . 
  since becoming president trump has committed to nato defense , the us citizens are committed to nato , usa represents 74 % of the forces in nato and realistically much more % in capability . 
  we just recently sent more f-35 's to europe , trump appointed a highly qualified sod that has also reaffirmed commitment to nato . 
  europe 's record when it comes to nato commitment is far worse than trump being a fucking toolbox . 
  germany currently has at most 30/110 + typhoons operational . 
  netherlands just recently ran out of gun ammunition in training . 
   http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/dutch-soldiers-are-shouting-bang-bang-because-theyve-run-out-of-bullets-10442332.html i understand european 's frustration with trump . 
  i hate him too , i just think it 's unfair that all the fingers have been pointed at the usa when europe has done far more to damage the integrity of nato . 
   the treaty does not speak a single word of 2 % ( which came to be in 2006 ; reaffirmed later ) ; that is merely a gentlemen 's agreement . 
  all nato members honored the real reason of nato when america invoked article 5 . 
  the 2 % commitment was n't even needed until european countries slashed their military budgets into nothing . 
  the fact that it 's been brought up twice and more than likely countries are n't going to meet the 2 % goal by 2024 is not good . 
   do n't act like that is all because america is being a good samaritan ; it is all done in self-interest as well . 
  just because something is done in self interest does n't mean they do n't genuinely want to help . 
  is it unreasonable for usa to expect europe be capable of their own defense ? 
  europe went from equal partnership in the cold war to completely dependant on the usa . 
   plus the sales of military hardware the naturally flows to the us from europe due to nato 's requirements now this is just false , no where does nato require europeans to buy american . 
  sweden has saab , france pretty much produces all of their own equipment . 
  the real reason why european countries are buying american is because their spending cuts gutted their defense industry and as a result are incapable of producing their own stuff . 
  nah , they just hold lots of guilt for ww2 and generally are anti war because of it . 
  trust mad dog matthis . 
  i mean his rhetoric relating to nato since becoming the president is fine , i 'm 99 % sure it was just political points on the campaign trail that he uttered nato being obsolete . 
  what trump says on the political campaign trail is all words . 
  similar to the massive amounts of anti china rhetoric that happens every presidential campaign , trump identified something that is a massive problem and figured he 'd score political points on it . 
  once he became president he 's done nothing but show 100 % commitment to nato and his current sod expressed the same . 
  now we can talk about rhetoric all we want , but the facts are european nations besides a select few have failed in their nato commitment . 
  2024 is n't a new guideline or something , it 's a reaffirmation . 
  since the start of nato the guidelines have been 2 % spending . 
  even beyond the spending thing , the fact is european nations have completely left their military in shambles post cold war . 
  there is no bigger culprit than germany who has the largest economy in europe , is the defacto leader of the eu . 
  so forgive me for being a bit salty when europeans grasp onto words spoken by an idiot while they ignore the billions of dollars the usa pours into europe 's defense . 
  yeah and i blame politicians for it . 
  doing what is politically savy versus what it is better for the country . 
  i can blame them because it is politician 's job to do what they think is right even if it is politically unpopular . 
  it is not their job to go with the flow . 
  i do n't like trump , but people get caught up too much in rhetoric . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  but yes i understand where that perception comes from . 
  this has nothing to do with being trigger happy , this is about committing to an ally 's defense . 
  you can be the most pacifist nation in the world but still be committed to defending an ally . 
  nice . 
  now europe just got ta meet that 2 % spending threshold . 
  ah there always had to be a massive problem first before politicians take action . 
  meh there are romanians in this thread making jokes too . 
  i agree in general ww2 jokes are overplayed but like / u/tunder said , how often do you hear jokes about operation uranus ? 
  especially the title i thought the timing was pretty good for a joke like that . 
  baltic states , romania and poland i 'd guess . 
  the us feeling towards nato on the right is pretty much because conservatives think that europe free load on american military might . 
  has n't france been in a state of emergency for 2 years now ?
