   if every single eu member state pooled it 's army we would already be third largest military power . 
  on paper . 
  do n't forget you 're also losing your best military in 2 years . 
  also integration will take decades . 
   i do n't want to change it , or replace it , it may exist . 
  but i just want european army , that would protect every member state , instead of relying on usa , look at uk , brexit happened , who says usa might not elect a guy who will actually say that usa is leaving nato behind , unlikely , but possible in future . 
  fair enough . 
   why are all our allies going full retard ? 
  you could go full tin foil hat and assume some french minister is trying to sabotage relations and that some ex obama intel officer is trying to make the trump admin look bad . 
  actually the last one is pretty plausible given the amount of leaks the us has suffered the past couple of weeks . 
   germans are n't the only ones that would be part of united european army , germans are already on our soil , protecting us from russia 's claw like they did with ukraine , georgia and moldova . 
  and so are us soldiers . 
  a lot more us soldiers i might add . 
   i do n't show distrust in nato or usa , i show distrust in their idiotic leadership . 
  and i show distrust in the state of most european 's military , especially germany 's . 
  talk all you want about how idiotic trump is . 
  the fact is germany and most european countries let their military go to shit after the cold war and only usa/uk/fra is left to pick up the slack . 
   trying to lump up `` eastern europeans '' as one , that have one opinion is idiotic , we have different culture , values and turst in different countries . 
  okay , fine . 
  fair enough . 
   i 'm not against nato as it 's the reason why our region has n't been fucked by russia , but i rather prefer european army guarding my ass . 
  so why change what 's worked ? 
  you can not seriously look at that poll and somehow believe that usa is the unreliable ally in nato . 
  nah us troops are in poland . 
  of course it matters , civilian opinion always matters . 
  usa arguably lost in vietnam because of civilian upheaval . 
  you think germans would magically want to defend eastern europe because instead of their own army it would be an eu army ? 
  please try and spin this further in the direction of distrust of nato and usa versus the reality of western europe 's reluctance to defend eastern europe . 
  ask eastern europeans which countries they would trust to answer the call to arms . 
  usa muslims are not the same as european muslims . 
  because of the harsher border enforcement , only better educated and richer muslims get into the usa . 
  also helps that in general us culture is better in assimilation . 
  lol this fiesta of leaking intel . 
  is n't this a bit odd considering the defacto leader is easily the most skeptic of defending the eastern countries ? 
  all you need is uncle sam and captain canuck apparently . 
  there was actually a lot of sabotage from nazi sympathizers , obviously in the end france was doomed either way , but we only know that with hindsight . 
  like i said earlier , in modern warfare the margin of error is a lot smaller than when armies were lining up with swords . 
  any delay in response or lack of support could be decisive . 
  look in ww1 , paris was saved by taxis . 
  like 1 % of the population . 
  quick history lesson , civilian unity during war does matter . 
  look at france in ww2 , part of the reason they lost so quickly was the political divide and general tiredness of war . 
  in modernwarfare the microbattles become even more important with every passing day . 
  the snowball effect has never been more relevant . 
  you can have more than 1 bad guy . 
  in this hypothetical we 're talking about eu nations . 
  indeed he did . 
  and the philippines ? 
  before france destabilized libya . 
  you are biased , it 's different because gas was used and it was a very limited warning shot . 
  question , is it fair to say germany 's culture when it comes to war is based on guilt ? 
  my apologies for misrepresenting germany . 
  okay then , it is in their culture to be more anti war and less nationalistic . 
  happy ? 
  nice , greece needs foreign investment . 
   no amount of 2 % is going to fix that issue ... the belgian army was equally pathetic during the cold war . 
  meh , i do n't really subscribe to the attitude we 're too small , we ca n't make a different so why try ? 
   no , you do n't . 
  or did we hand over our sovereignty somehow ? 
  no , we did n't . 
  no one is forcing you do anything , when it comes to allies in a military alliance it is perfectly reasonable to offer advice or state unhappiness across the isle when it comes to military matters . 
  anyways we 're clearly not going to agree on this issue so i 'm moving on . 
  i do n't personally care about the specific 2 % target either , i just think the state of european militaries are pathetic . 
   and allies have no business telling other allies how to run their country . 
  uh when it comes to military yes we fucking do . 
  and this goes both ways . 
   we adhered to article 5 ; we 've done our real duty to nato . 
  and i thank belgium for that . 
   well , we are all sovereign and nato is n't about breaching that sovereignty . 
  yes but we are allies , and allies are supposed to maintain a semblance of responsibility and commitment otherwise what 's the point ? 
  everyone hates that slacker in a school project . 
   not it would n't it would be just more embellish little token armies of countries such as my own . 
  yes work towards an eu army , it would be the best for europe tbh . 
   most nato countries were working towards that goal , if you had n't noticed . 
  false , they said they would reach 2 % in 2006 , then in 2014 they agreed to work towards it by 2020 , then they realized they could n't reach it and extended it to 2024 . 
  trump imo is a european excuse , yes he made some stupid comments leaked some shit , but the problem of european military spending has existed since the end of the cold war . 
  obama tried to get europe to raise their military spending and was just ignored . 
  so please spare me this idea that trump is the reason why europeans have n't met 2 % spending or why europeans are justified in being skeptic of nato . 
  trump would be a valid excuse if europeans were meeting their nato obligations before trump was elected but evidently this was n't the case . 
  europeans have done far more than usa has ever done to damage the integrity of nato by completely letting their militaries decay . 
  netherlands runs out of fucking ammunition for training ffs . 
   as for the south koreans , what do you expect ? 
  the conservatives who approved were certainly stabbed in the back and the country itself wo n't be able to change their military strategy overnight . 
  people will remember however , and i 'll guarantee you policy makers will likely consider this in the future . 
  it 's a good thing countries in general are more pragmatic than your idealistic views . 
  the vast majority of south koreans view america 's military positively , the only reason an relative anti american president was elected was the massive scandal on the other side of the isle . 
  and before someone tells me the 2 % is a guideline or a deadline by 2024 i have these words . 
  just because something is n't legally binding does n't mean you should agree to something and not follow through . 
  2 % is also a red herring for most europeans . 
  the idea is you should maintain a sufficient army . 
  you do n't get credit for something that should have already been done and handing it in decades late . 
  this is a perfect demonstration of market capitalism though . 
  we get all these awesome netflix shows as a result of their attempt to freeze netflix out of the market . 
  greece needs a thatcher more than any country in the history of europe does . 
  that was a pretty low blow . 
  the whole point of the 2 % is n't just the numbers it 's the idea that european nato countries need some arbitrary goal because they consistently do n't listen when we tell them they need to raise spending . 
  this is n't some trump related thing , obama did the same thing and europe just ignored it . 
  europeans just found a good excuse in trump to justify not spending . 
  i guarantee you nato would be stronger if everyone spent 2 % . 
   did n't the south koreans vote in a leader that opposes you guys , because trump tried racketeering them ?
