  his military genius is underrated as fuck as he managed to fight like 5 major powers with only financial support from gb . 
  he also passed economic reforms that truly made a difference in prussia . 
  he is slightly less brilliant than he is in the seven years war and germany never forms as prussia is split and has territory annexed by russia and austria . 
  however bismarck is very good too . 
  twas a joke referring to the lack of radar on the sea harrier during the falklands war . 
  pretty easy to make , which is why it 's popular . 
  yeah , it 's nothing compared to the nimitz which needs refuelling once in a 50 year cycle . 
  makes more sense to go with disel , especially with the low prices of oil and stuff . 
  much more economical and military capability wise makes more sense . 
  awesome , i forgot about italy built the f-35b variant already . 
   cavour will jump quite high in capability . 
  yes harriers are toys compared to the f-35 . 
  i 'm just waiting for the block 12-15 ( 85mil ) buy to be announced . 
  all the european planes assembled in italy , 
  read red storm rising . 
  it 's a fiction but it does go into depth about how fast modern warfare would go . 
  nowadays what you fight with is what you have on hand because of how long it takes to make an airplane/carrier . 
  back then you could pump out 200 me-109 's in a month . 
  now it takes 3-5 years for a f-35 / rafale/typhoon . 
  weapons are also hyper efficient compared to ww2 at crippling a logistical and economic system of a country in war . 
  just picture a blockade of the uk but 100 % effective along with accurate tomahawk missiles to cripple the electrical grid . 
   but who really cares if that takes three instead of two weeks ? 
  could make all the difference in a war . 
  modern wars are over within months because of how efficient weapons are at targeting logistical systems . 
  lmao . 
  i forgot norway never joined . 
  the carrier would n't be ready for combat anyways for at least 3 years . 
  i 'm praying for ya guys . 
  a joint eu military that works would be fantastic for the continent as well as the usa . 
  depends on brexit and the jsf i guess . 
  we 'll see what happens with that . 
  europe has had a pretty awful track record of joint military programs post tornado . 
  the glorious a400m and nh90 . 
  could host the seaharrier which does n't have a radar . 
  might be enough to beat argentina again . 
  correct . 
  it 's actually massive how big that is if you think about it . 
  1 ) diplomatically , the usa would basically say any war with the uk even `` aggressive , '' usa would have her back . 
  2 ) the usa would be risking a carrier over the falkland islands ... 
  how much tech that we know of has the us refused to share with the uk ? 
  the f-22 ? 
  our sod at the time was willing to sell the f-22 . 
  we offered the f-117 at it 's absolute prime . 
  we shared nuclear secrets even though the uk intelligence community was compromised with the cambridge five . 
  nuclear missiles , missile defense systems , subs , carriers etc. 
  the only thing i can think of is stealth tech , but that 's not a concrete thing , that 's information . 
  not the same thing . 
  prioritized lives over a crumbling empire . 
  http://www.wired.co.uk/article/navy-queen-elizabeth-warship  it might seem contradictory to commission such big ships despite them having small crews and operating stovl aircraft which do n't need a big flight deck to launch and land . 
  the size is due to the need to potentially refit for cats and traps if necessary . 
  as kyd says , it also gives the ship greater flexibility , not just in terms of the number of aircraft it can carry - he says it could carry more than 70 f-35bs - but also the type of operations it supports ( helicopters and royal marines for example ) and potential innovations : `` in the future you may see rack-and-stacking of tens , if not hundreds of uavs , '' he says . 
   so it 's exactly the same size as 20 years old french 's one ? 
  what a first lol . . 
  does it has planes and is operational already ? 
  it an host 70 planes at peak , france 's carrier can host 40 . 
  no it 's not operational yet . 
   will it be able to launch and host americans or french planes ? 
  american and italian planes yes , french no . 
  well you plan to procure 138 f-35b 's for a reason . 
  obviously the standard wo n't be operating 70 planes , but the capability and planes are there . 
  perfectly reasonable point . 
  we 're all not quite sure what the f-35 can do yet . 
  rafale is a proven awesome machine . 
   it 's certainly helpful for nato members to have interchangeable equipment . 
  and they do , do n't forget the marine corp of the usa will procure 340 f-35 b 's , italy will procure 45 f-35b 's along side the 138 f-35b 's uk will buy . 
   yes , this is a perfectly fair point . 
  the sheer size of the qe gives it a distinct advantage over the cdg in this category , but again we have to weight that with how effective the aircraft it carries are ( f-35b versus the rafale etc ) , and what their role would be in different hypothetical scenarios . 
  that 's true . 
  but i 'm quite confident in the f-35 . 
   while that 's true , super hornets are inter-operable with the charles de gaulle . 
  i suspect the f-35c would be as well , but i 'm not sure . 
  if so , then that means the qe class is less useful for american planes . 
  yes . 
  but i do n't think the primary concern of a foreign carrier should be american planes right ? 
  there will still be plenty of f-35 b 's should the situation arise . 
   well , it 's being labeled a supercarrier , so it 's only fair to compare it to the only other supercarriers in service . 
  besides , i had already suggested that the charles de gaulle might be better . 
  the french navy is as close to an equal as the royal navy as . 
  that comparison is perfectly apt . 
  i 'll be perfectly honest , it 's not comparable to the qe . 
  the qe can carry a max of 70 f-35bs . 
  the cdg can carry a maximum of 40 airplanes . 
  that 's a huge difference . 
  i do n't know if the qe deserves the super carrier classification , i 'd imagine the naming had something to do with the qe in mind . 
  america generally gets to choose the definitions as it innovates first . 
  ie fifth gen planes or whatever . 
  it just different . 
  for example the us has enough ships where they can send a mediterranean carrier to the pacific without escorts and simply make up that difference with the pacific in reserve escorts . 
  uk tasks forces will have to follow the carrier around where ever it goes because there are n't enough escorts to spare , thus eliminating the primary advantage of nuclear carriers . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but nuclear power is necessary to have a steam or electromagnetic catapult in the first place . 
  no , steam catapults have existed for 60 years , long before nuclear carriers were a thing . 
  india 's new carrier wo n't be nuclear and it installed the emal system with the help of the usa . 
   the f-35b is a less versatile aircraft than the f-35c because of the lack of a catapult . 
  it has a shorter range and smaller payload . 
  true , in the grand sense a c is a bit better than a b , but the b also is able to operate from more airbases/carriers/assault ships . 
  for example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_makin_island_ ( lhd-8 )  the qe class will be fine to project power against some dirtball country in africa , but a nimitz or ford is far more useful against a more technologically capable adversary . 
  well yes , but i do n't think that 's a fair statement . 
  the qe will be the 2nd strongest carrier in the world until china launches the type 003 , which is still in planning phase . 
  i do n't think it 's entirely fair to compare the us navy to the uk navy .
