  worse than france going alone . 
  ended up costing 100million euros a plane . 
  25 mil less than the f-22 . 
  nh90 - can not fly over water . 
  10 years after the introduction . 
  can not fly over water . 
  20 different variants . 
  ok then . 
  http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&amp;objectid=11842099 eurocopter - no need to explain this one . 
  you already did . 
  a400m . 
  development started in 1980 . 
  deliveries expected in 2009 . 
  the program is an unmitigated disaster . 
  germany has one operational a400m in 2017 . http://www.reuters.com/article/us-airbus-germany-iduskbn15o2e4 the project has been bailed out once , and might have to be bailed out again . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-airbus-a400m-iduskbn1721uh course france apparently has said this program is turning a leaf and probably true . 
  there is the fact that the c-130 is from 1954 and is still selling more than the a400m . 
  anyways , i 'm sure the eu will actually get their shit together eventually . 
  of course , i know america 's conservatism is on the extreme side compared to europe . 
  i just meant for europe he seems to be a bit further on the right than i expected him . 
   us has weird political terms that do not match the rest of the world yes that 's what i meant . 
  the cost to develop the f-35 was 52 billion us dollars before a single combat plane was made . 
  that 's en par with the entire rafale program cost . 
  and that 's after usa has been researching stealth tech from the 60 's and already built 3 stealth planes before the f-35 . 
  i wish europe the best of luck . 
  utter madness how expensive it is . 
  lol you ca n't reverse engineer the f-35 . 
  90 % of it 's magic is code . 
  the rest is ram material and shaping . 
  i wo n't get into the fact that alis actually prevents a lot of what you call reverse engineering but continue on . 
  forgive me for my american terms , but he seems awfully conservative so far . 
  sorry i 'm not sure i understand what do you mean by pari pari ? 
  i dunno , way more germans speak english than french people do . 
  also france is infamous for their strikes . 
  i 'd imagine taxes , labour market , and language being the biggest barriers . 
  yeesh , germany 's numbers are really scary considering the # of migrants they took . 
   lockheed martin 's f-35 , the eurofighter typhoon and the dassault rafale are the likely remaining competitors for the belgian competition . 
  british expeditionary force, 
  but the actual habitual land is much smaller . 
  running outta food is a problem . 
  speaking the truth gets people angry yet we blame politicians for lying . 
  what ? 
  the catch up theory is n't universal . 
  it just means it 's easier for poorer countries to have a bigger % gain because of a low starting point . 
  it does n't mean a poor country will catch a rich country . 
  it 's an economic theory . 
  it 's like in sports . 
  if you never train for running it 's easy to improve by a minute on a marathon at the start yet at the elite levels improving by a second is a big deal . 
  or how it 's easy to improve from 5 pound weights to 20 , but it gets harder the heavier you lift . 
  if i lifted 500 pounds and added 10 that 's a big deal . 
  if someone lifts 5 and adds 15 that 's not a big deal . 
  just because you improve by more weight then me does n't mean you 'll eventually lift 510 pounds . 
  catch up theory does not mean everyone is equal or will be equal it just means it 's easier to grow from behind . 
  does n't mean they will catch up at all . 
  sure , maybe in the next millennium . 
  i do n't disagree with what you 're saying . 
  the premise i 'm trying to get across is developing africa in order to stop migration is a stupid plan . 
  ok so explain non french spheres of influence in africa being unable to pull themselves up . 
  of course . 
  http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/definition/catch-up-effect  the catch up effect briefly stated implies that the poorer nations grow much faster because of higher possibilities of growth and over time catch up with the richer countries in terms of per capita income such that the divide between the two gets minimized . 
  no , but you can only hide behind colonial history to explain present misfortune for so long . 
  india and sk received independence 60 years ago . 
  really ? 
  migration is slowing down to europe as a result of improving economic conditions ? 
  lmao , it 's a lot easier to grow as a % of gdp when you start from nothing . 
  also ignoring that a lot of the economy is boosted by the hundreds of billions of dollars in aid africa receives . 
  africa has not gotten any better and would instantly plunge without foreign aid . 
  geography plays a role , but only to a degree . 
  south africa has some of the best land in the world , yet their credit rating is one off of junk due to corruption and racism . 
  vietnam fought two wars against world powers through colonial history yet turned out fine . 
  obviously . 
  trying to raise standards of living in africa is like tossing money into a fire pit and does n't actually solve the migration situation at all . 
  if they become richer they actually have better means and education to sneak into europe . 
  edit : politicians trying to solve migration issues via raising african standards is hilariously bad idea for a couple of reasons . 
  1 ) the population is set to hit 3 billion in 2050 . so yeah good luck with that . 
  2 ) increased wealth leads to more migration . 
  they 're never going to be rich enough to match europe so all raising the standards will do is lead the exact opposite of what you want to do . 
  3 ) money is n't the problem . 
  it 's corruption , culture , and `` civilizational . '', 
  4 ) even if africans were as rich as europeans , climate change and blonde hair ( only semi kidding ) = migration to europe . 
  5 ) europe and usa have spent billions and billions on africa and what has that actually resulted in ? 
  is there a single successful country in africa ? 
  do you know in two years , africa surpasses the inflation adjusted credit europe received ffrom the marshal plan ? 
  uk deserves a pass here , it 's not like they could magically teleport troops . 
  took months for the bef to get ready for even the battle of france . 
  they kinda did . 
  people always refer to versailles as the gateway to ww2 , but what people do n't know is the franco prussian war reparations were actually harsher than the treaty of versailles and were enforced violently . 
   http://thefederalist.com/2014/07/29/world-war-i-reparations-werent-as-unfair-as-you-think/, 
  lol france is getting roasted in this thread . 
  https://i.redd.it/6gp3gbrqyf5x.jpg honestly history repeats itself . 
  well that obviously wo n't happen . 
  did they stay in africa ? 
  because we 're the largest consumers per capita . 
  and it 's not even close . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  usa wo n't bully the uk . 
  besides , people act like the uk ai n't the 5th biggest economy . 
  we wanted to share the f-117 when it was coming out , i 'm sure we can work out a trade deal lol . 
  and really a factor is trump could use all the good press he can get . 
  non white american i 'm guessing,
