  https://perspectivesofthepast.com/europe-in-the-era-of-the-world-wars/the-significance-of-the-allied-lend-lease-program-and-soviet-victory-during-the-second-world-war/  in a confidential interview with the wartime correspondent konstantin simonov , the famous soviet marshal g.k. zhukov is quoted as sayin g `` today [ 1963 ] some say the allies did n't really help us ... but listen , one can not deny that the americans shipped over to us material without which we could not have equipped our armies held in reserve or been able to continue the war . '' [ 12 ] marshall zhukov according to weeks even goes on further to state that the soviet government engaged in the calculated use of propaganda to systemically demean the importance of the allied lend-lease program , believing that it distracted from the heroism and sacrifice of the soviet soldier and people . 
  https://blogs.voanews.com/russia-watch/2012/09/25/making-the-kremlin-queasy-massive-american-aid-has-helped-russians-three-times-in-the-last-century/  joseph stalin , during the tehran conference in 1943 , said publicly of the american lend-lease program : `` without american production the united nations could never have won the war . '' after the war , the aid became a taboo topic . 
  a contemporary russian school notebook cover depicts soviet dictator in the uniform of a soviet marshall . 
  they just impeached their president who was being influenced by a cult . 
  or something like that . 
  not italian more than birthplace i imagine . 
  heh , i do n't mind the nationalism , i just mind the shitty on other country type of nationalism . 
   in a confidential interview with the wartime correspondent konstantin simonov , the famous soviet marshal g.k. zhukov is quoted as sayin g `` today [ 1963 ] some say the allies did n't really help us ... but listen , one can not deny that the americans shipped over to us material without which we could not have equipped our armies held in reserve or been able to continue the war . '' [ 12 ] marshall zhukov according to weeks even goes on further to state that the soviet government engaged in the calculated use of propaganda to systemically demean the importance of the allied lend-lease program , believing that it distracted from the heroism and sacrifice of the soviet soldier and people . 
  do n't act like ussr just steamrolled germany . 
  for two years it looked like ussr was going to get knocked out . 
  tactical nukes would be devastating . 
  effectively you could n't build up a large force anywhere with nukes . 
  also carpet bomb cities do n't compare to literal cities disappearing . 
  think japan , never planned on surrendering , strong morale . 
  2 a-bombs later they surrendered . 
  never mind zhukov and stalin saying they never would have won without lendlease . 
  that 's the two highest ranking officials you can possibly get . 
  the amount of bombs dropped in 4 years do n't compare to the destruction of like 2 a-bombs . 
  quite simple really , once america had the nuke the war was going to end even if the soviets had lost . 
   money will pool research into new military technology such as drones and air-to-air refuelling planes i guess for pure research purposes it 's fine . 
  it 's basically nothing for modern weaponry . 
  well there was that thing called the manhattan project . 
  jesus man , why does a simple memorial got ta turn into such a shitshow comment section . 
  meh , people are too prone to recency bias and overdramatic . 
  are these the absolute worst german us relations have been ? 
  yes . 
  will they permanently leave a scar ? 
  probably . 
  is this the end ? 
  seriously in your life time how many times have you overestimated a political event and how many times have you underestimated it . 
  apple is going to the leave the second they have to pay 13 billion . 
  does n't matter if ireland has the lowest corporate tax rate or anything . 
  any future deals with ireland is impossible to deem trustworthy if they can be stiff armed by the eu . 
  the fuck , turkey has only recently turned into a hellhole . 
  for years they enjoyed good relations with european countries . 
  blame turkey . 
  hope the funds are found . 
  well it worked so yay nato !, 
  it succeeded . 
  usa sits at home with production untouchable again lol . 
  paradox is good , but they take 2 years to fix a game . 
  i mean that 's fair , i just hope people can stop repeating military budgets as a reliable way of judgement . 
  good , we should build a permanent base in poland . 
  spain should support a referendum at least a la scotland . 
  eh there are a lot of structural problems with the southern economies that i do n't think a natural pendulum swing will fix . 
  yougov is like the 1 poll predicting this . 
  the lead is solidly around 8 points . 
  just today another poll came out with a 12 point lead . 
  ca n't just cherry pick the goods ones and ignore the bad ones . 
  http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/aerospace/military/bae-wants-to-equip-armys-future-tanks-with-railguns it 's under consideration . 
  although it 's probably just a pipe dream . 
  shale gas bby . 
  woops i did misinterpret you . 
  gas is pretty cheap now , 0.66 cents per litre . 
  slippery slope right there . 
  also it 's not just about the consequences it 's about the principle . 
  ford is n't actually that bad , they 've stepped up there game a lot actually . 
  we shoulda just built a permanent us base in poland like we wanted to years ago . 
  i trust pew research . 
  tesla is our hope . 
  he has like 80 % approval . 
  yes but the wargame simulations suggest that the baltics would fall within 3 days where a european/usa counterattack would n't come close to in time . 
  no one said it 's unfair trade practices . 
  there are a lot of things that are fair legally or whatever that is still bad for a country . 
  i 'm not even saying i agree , i just reject misrepresenting the facts . 
  i swear / r/europe is as illiterate as it can be when it comes to military matters . 
  raw spending numbers = / = military capability . 
  there are so many factors like economies of scale , integration , chain of command , experience , geography , and pay gap . 
  literally everyone sounds like the military experts before ww2 . 
  `` france army best on planet , most tanks and planes . '', 
  usa has the real solution . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49h2_gyws5o railgun tanks . 
  the whole situation is a joke . 
  european politicians , understand something you bringing migrants to europe is n't making them safer , it 's encouraging more of them to make the dangerous trip across and in turn causing more death . 
  not only that you 're acting as a goddamn ferry service for smugglers . 
  this is clickbait . 
  he mentioned the trade deficit and nato spending as bad for the usa . 
   look up the countless cases of people getting unrightfully jailed for years and see how judges decided . 
  money does n't make years lost when you 're innocent right . 
   i get the feeling you are under the impression that your country does n't do stuff like that . 
  well you know what they say about guesses , there often wrong . 
  like this case . 
   when in reality the usa is known for locking away people for decades just to go back and say they 're innocent and pay them a few millions yup do n't follow our example . 
  lol, 
  so what if you jail an innocent person for decades ? 
  how do you correct that error ? 
  so you support tossing innocent people in jail in order to catch every guilty person ? 
   russia can invade the baltics and without the us , the eu wont be able to stop them . 
  russia can invade the baltics with the usa according to war games . 
  do n't forget , 75 % of em are engineers or doctors . 
  i choose to be under 18 . who cares about biology . 
  this has to be the dumbest post in the world . 
  this has to be upvoted with spam acounts , i refuse to believe europeans are this dumb . 
   michal said his favourite piece of equipment is his bulletproof vest from the us navy seals . 
  touching . 
  euro has dropped 4 cents almost . 
  we 're keeping our military industry complex going one way another . 
  does n't really surprise me , may and the eu seem very far apart on brexit and climate change . 
  good , hopefully merkel got through to his thick skull . 
  wtf 2 cent coins ?
