  lol germany sells tons of weapons to the middle east ... 
  people need to stop equating nukes as part of the standard military equation . 
  every country except for pakistan , russia and north korea have nukes as a never first policy . 
  we 'd be able to do it without nukes . 
  easily . 
  it 's not the same thing because of geography . 
  baltic states are completely cut off from the rest of europe with a small gap . 
  i would n't consider 2 trillion gap a `` bit bigger , '' also that 's including the 2.6 from uk . 
  but you are right it does n't change the earlier argument . 
  i do n't even understand what we 're discussing at this point . 
  i just reject the idea that somehow uk left the europe instead of the eu . 
  relationships between allies have up and downs , you do n't toss decades of work into the toilet because of one president be it trump or duberte . 
  philipines are easily the most pro american in asia so yes they are our allies . 
  or an election is coming . 
  how are the philipines not an ally ? 
  i swear everyone has the foresight and history knowledge of max 1 year . 
  not a need to increase spending . 
  of course you have a need to increase spending . 
  you do realize an eu army would need a baseline of spending right ? 
  2 % is obviously the logical choice . 
   like i said , we have an organizational problem oh is that it ? 
  only an organizational problem ? 
  that 's easily the hardest thing to solve in the military . 
  ask austria hungary . 
  anything else like weapons and equipment can be solved by money , integration will take decades with something as divided as 27 different countries with different cultures and different languages . 
   then add the other 25 countries for comfort . 
  does n't really change geographical advantage or the differences between the pay of an eu soldier and russian soldier . 
  europe = / = eu europe = continent eu = political organization america = usa north america = continent pretty simple distinction imo . 
  stop acting like uk is the only one that opposed further integration . 
  northern european countries are just as skeptic . 
  forgetting chain of command , economies of scale , pay wage gap , geographical advantage , and integration . 
  i understand this is / r/europe , but please at least try to understand 1 dollar doesnt = 1 dollar in military capability . 
   and since the eu is the biggest market in the world it 's not the biggest with the uk , so it would n't be it without the uk . 
  i 'm just hopin the orange idiot honours the paris accords . 
  but a carbon tax would start a trade war which would be a disaster . 
  sure , the united states of america is a bit long to produce in a sentence so we shorten it to america . 
  we refer to america as usa , not north america . 
  fair enough , the last part of my statement was n't really that important , the carbon tax is an idiotic idea . 
  sure as a nickname from usa because the united states part is a big long to pronounce . 
  not as an all encompassing geographical term . 
  i 've been to china 10 times as i am chinese american , it does n't change the fact that both the eu and china are primarily producers rather than consumers . 
  nope but i do n't claim usa = north america . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_the_united_states usa 's 2nd largest imports are from the eu . 
  standard election hype . 
  merkel is the standard centrist status quo politician . 
  she is n't promising anything that could n't be done when the usa and uk were without brexit/trump . 
  above that merkel is pragmatic . 
  europe 's influence in the world has declined non stop since ww2 , a split between the anglo world and europe would be idiotic . 
  i 'm willing to gild bet that trump follows through on the paris accords . 
  i hate trump , but i 'm almost positive this is the standard lower standards to make it seem like he 's done something good even though it 's routine . 
  trump will get ousted in 4 years blah blah return relations to normal . 
  however he is a good wakeup call for the rest of the world . 
  europe has only existed for 25 years ? 
  those 2 carriers are sexy . 
  little bit , usa is testing anti icbm tech . 
  lol , this time usa will be defending poland . 
  the arabic and mena language on it is what 's depressing me . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  perhaps we want to be more capable to deal with modern day threats ? 
  turkey was a genuine ally for a quite some time , it 's only recently that 's changed which makes it all the more sad erdogan 's stupid shit is working . 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  like i said , it 's a two fold power swing . 
  the eu loses an ally and russia gains one . 
  russia gaining one means they can reposition their armies currently guarding the turkish border . 
  turkey is militarily strong , although you might be right about the military replacements . 
  could be a 1938 officer purge similar story . 
  europe 100 % has the power to be a global power . 
  lol i do n't think people understand how big this is . 
  currently russia holds two armies to defend the turkish border , also turkey probably has the 4th strongest military in europe . 
  a sudden swing towards russia would be an insane level of geopolitical swing . 
  so why is shit like this happening . 
  http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/why-germanys-air-force-dying-14549  the number of deployable tornados fell further in 2015 to 30 . 
  so that 's 38 deployable fighters out of an inventory of 198 . 
  usa is not spending too much . 
  europe has one main front to deal with . 
  usa has 3 . 
  poland is defendable . 
  baltics are near impossible due to geography . 
  we can safely assume the context op is using is referring to 2000 onwards . 
  it 's the bloody accent . 
  british culture projection is pretty good . 
  they 've managed to be romanticized in china . 
  let 's ask ukraine what comes next . 
  that 's the equivalent of hot/popular . 
   then the `` american taxpayers pay for europe 's defense '' argument is pretty much worthless really . 
  because you 'd be paying that sum either way . 
  wrong because if we did n't have to be responsible for so much of europe 's defense we could be putting it towards the pacific to deal with an increasingly aggressive china or we could perhaps reduce the military budget . 
  usa should be a safety net for europe , not a hammock . 
  trump 's fiscal blueprint , released in washington just as the president was headed to brussels to attend his first nato leaders ' meeting , includes $ 4.8 billion for the european reassurance initiative , a special fund created by u.s. president barack obama to protect against russian aggression after the invasion and annexation of crimea in 2014 . 
  under obama , the fund grew to $ 3.4 billion last year from an initial $ 1 billion in 2015 . 
  trump 's proposal to add another $ 1.4 billion is a 40 percent increase , and stoltenberg cheered the move wednesday as the clearest signal yet of the president 's allegiance to nato . 
  except europe does n't have sufficient shit without the usa . 
  i said using that logic . 
  it 's stupid logic is the point i 'm trying to get across . 
  getting europe to spend more is n't about getting america to spend less . 
  do you know what millennia means ? 
  it means 2000 onwards . 
  the scary thing is recent wargames suggest nato would struggle to retake the baltics with us support , let alone a purely european force . 
  i swear , people will complain about anything . 
   we 're notoriously trade-focused as a nation .
