  our military policy itself is regularly criticized for being all about trade . 
  america only invades countries with oil . 
  usa should spend 0.5 % on military spending using this logic . 
  hopefully that day will never come and if it does it 's because the eu is co-leading . 
  us military budget is not inflated if you actually looked at their commitments . 
  meh two percent is random , but it 's probably a good idea for a hard number . 
  thank you . 
  the silent and slow creeping threat is often the most dangerous . 
  all out war is easy because there is only one response . 
  hilarious , usa gets blamed for a campaign that they did n't want and were dragged into by europe . 
  china 's military is transforming into something that will project power . 
  you should see the islands they build in the south china sea . 
  i know netherlands has a right wing ( sorry do n't know european terms for conservative ) government right now , perhaps that is the difference between netherlands and the rest of europe which is relatively left wing ? 
  no one is forcing you to take refugees . 
  and those refugees were n't a problem until europe decided to take out gaddafi led by uk and france . 
  the biggest cause of refugees is syria , which was n't caused by usa and france was urging us to bomb in syria . 
  i understand your anger with regards to afghanistan , but truly military spending and afghanistan is a separate issue . 
  if we did n't launch the war in afghanistan , would europe be meeting 2 % commitment ? 
  no they would n't . 
  i appreciate the lives and contributions from europe in afghanistan . 
  it 's a separate issue however you want to slice it . 
  uk sent the most soldiers from europe to afghanistan and meets its ' 2 % commitment . 
  oh i get the reasons why , but i 'm just clarifying that 2 % was not just suddenly introduced in 2014 . 
  fair enough , my apologies . 
  it was agreed upon in 2006 , it was reaffirmed in 2014 after everyone ignored it . 
  european countries are perfectly free in buying from dassault or whatever european arms industry there is . 
  not like europe was spending sufficient money before 08 either . 
  i could n't really read that article , but i 'll take your word for it . 
  france spends 2 % or at least close to 2 % so i 'm not surprised if they have a sufficient ammunition stockpile . 
  but there are plenty of other examples . 
  lol you do n't understand modern weaponry . 
  tanks and aircraft take months if not years to produce . 
  modern warfare is decided within weeks . 
  but you need your planes to be fucking ready in case of war . 
  if russia attacked tomorrow , those planes would take weeks if not months to be battle ready . 
  yes i do know , thousands of european troops have died in afghanistan . 
  but the subject of military spending is a separate subject from article 5 and contributions to afghanistan . 
  too bad the majority of it is unusable . 
  http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/why-germanys-air-force-dying-14549 highlight . 
   the number of deployable tornados fell further in 2015 to 30 . 
  so that 's 38 deployable fighters out of an inventory of 198 . oh and defending the baltic states ? 
  impossible with america , triple impossible with a european `` defense force . '', 
  and we are working towards it really ? 
  so military spending from 2006 - 2014 increased a significant amount ? 
  why do you think they 're had to be another recommitment to 2 % in 2014 ? 
  is it because no one actually did anything post 2006 ? 
   with trump in the whitehouse i think we 're better off focusing on eu defense capablities instead though . 
  trump will do nothing against his paymaster putin , that much is pretty obvious . 
  the us is no longer a reliable partner in this respect . 
  believe whatever you want . 
  spend however you want , as long as it reaches 2 % by 2024 , i 'm good . 
  go ahead , explain or cite how it 's a myth . 
  as we know , budget and personal = / = military capability . 
  russian dollar goes a lot further in capability because they have lower wages . 
   bullshit , all nato countries committed to up defense spending to 2 % of gdp by 2024 . http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/2006/s060608m.htm oh look , european nato allies committed to 2 % in 2006 as well . 
   you 're going to tell their families to stop mooching as well ? 
  appeal to emotion argument is n't a very good one . 
   you do know the only time article 5 was ever invoked was by the usa right ? 
  after 9/11 nato forces including europeans came to help protect nyc and landmarks there , not to mention afghanistan where plenty of europeans lost their lives as well . 
  and i thank europeans for their contribution . 
  however the issue of article 5 and military spending are separate . 
  bush and obama have complained lots and lots of times about european nato spending and they were promptly ignored . 
  if we went to war with russia tomorrow over the baltic states . 
  who 's military would have to do majority of the heavy lifting ? 
  europe ? 
  nah they run out of bombs against libya . 
  european nato nations agreed in 2006 to spend 2 % , they just ignored it until 2014 new agreement and now it looks like it 's going to get ignored again . 
  bush and obama have had the same complaints that trump has had . 
  i 'm sure there is a vastly different situation , but that 's not my point . 
  no one except a few spaniards on this sub actually know the difference yet everyone supports scotland but not catalan because of brexit . 
  i have no beef with spain or something i just do n't like the hypocrisy . 
  do people not understand bringing them over to europe encourages more of them to come on the dangerous journey and in turn results in more death ? 
  muslims in america are like 1 % of the population and are 10 times better integrated compared to european muslims . 
  oh i agree , which was why i was so confused why nukes mattered to the op . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't understand you . 
  could you perhaps rephrase that sentence ? 
  yeah , i did n't know a genocidal war at to be with nukes though . 
  lol 0 % chance this works . 
  what ? 
  they launched a genocidal war on jewish people , slavs , gypsies , gays and etc. 
  oh stop being over dramatic . 
  self loathing is the absolute worst . 
  germany launched a genocidal war and like 20 years later were best friends with france . 
  well there was this battle . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_new_orleans of course it was after the war had ended , but who cares about that right ? 
  you could add 1000000 trillion , 0 is still 0 . 
  the meeting is n't over yet right ? 
  maybe trump is waiting towards the end to say it ? 
  would be him to make a grandeur out of a routine statement . 
  it 's mostly clickbait , but it would still be nice if trump said it . 
  well it 's actually constitutionally illegal to cede from the usa , they would instantly be at war with the usa . 
  i mean specifically handshakes . 
  / r/europe supports scotland in independence even though they had a referendum while spain is in the right here when they wo n't even consider a referendum . 
  i understand the eu is important , but please try not to be so blatantly biased . 
  i know it does , but what he 's managed to do is draw the media attention to it . 
  well too bad greece right now is ignoring gdp , shrinking middle class , actual wages and destroyed the income and wealth in greece . 
  yes because what greece needs it more of the same . 
  hehehe, 
  excellent argument . 
  everyone in france is a trump supporter because there are french people in the / r/the _ donald and if you try to suggest it 's a minority of frenchman well too bad because it 's still 0 % <,
