  the cost delays for the jsf are nothing compared to the typhoon . 
  it 's just the scope is much bigger so it seems worse . 
  relatively the project ai n't that bad . 
  it 's technically right but the important cavet is here . 
   house has raised `` concerns with one of the final provisions '' of the bill . 
  i do n't know what the specific bill is but clearly it 's not just a constitutional protocol problem . 
  good , clearly the wrong decision to put sanctions on eu companies like that . 
  relationship is frosty as fuck right now , no need to make it worse . 
  i do think the nord stream 2 is a disaster , but it 's not our place to force germany to cancel it . 
  wat , i never said that . 
  i know uk is a co developer . 
  yes , just like they were the only country to know secrets of the manhatten project sans ussr spying . 
  however , i 'm sure there is some sort of agreement where the uk wo n't just share that tech to develop eurotyphoon # 2 . 
  or maybe there is n't . 
  idk . 
  heh easy to say before the negotiations have completed . 
  i do n't think it will either , but brexit could get real ugly . 
  sweden amazes me how much heavier they punch in the science department for a small country . 
  wonder how brexit will impact this . 
  an unmanned hacked aircraft will turn on allies , a hacked manned aircraft just means the electronic systems are down . 
  aka jammed radar and avionics which is bad , but wo n't result in friendly fire or intentional crash . 
  has nothing to do with value of lessons and everything to do with politics . 
  for example , the f-35 has parts and work divided up to many different countries : uk/italy/japan / canada/australia/usa / denmark . 
  the reason why say the jsf will succeed versus the eurotyphoon is simple . 
  there is an alpha dog in the project that takes the input of the customers , but ultimately makes the decisions . 
  eurofighter program went to shit because uk wanted a multirole , france wanted a naval variant and germany wanted a pure interceptor . 
  t-50 , j-20 , su35 probably , maybe the su30mki , fgfa . 
   does it really need stealth technology which is already probably obsolete ? 
  already obsolete while russia , china and india are racing to build stealth aircraft ? 
  for example , does any european country know stealth secrets and how to apply to an aircraft ? 
  the only country that has built and operated stealth aircraft is the usa . 
  russia and usa are 30 years ahead of european counterparts in this department . 
  just an example of course . 
  hope everyone is okay . 
  but the frequency of terror attacks , even failed terror attacks is really frightening . 
  would help , but would n't solve the problem . 
  it 's a natural bulge geographically . 
  probably pretty shit to be honest . 
  we 'd be relying much more of russia running out of logistical steam than a massive counterattack . 
  usa does n't have many units in the area , and germany 's army is in a sad state . 
  france and uk will have massive logistical problems in moving stuff . 
  one step at a time please . 
  geographically the baltics are in a really tough spot . 
  easy to cut off from the rest of europe . 
  these titles always seem like it 's mainly europe/america 's fault when in reality it 's the opposite . 
  good . 
  the truth of the matter is russia and usa do n't trade enough for sanctions 1on1 to matter . 
  there are only two things that will hurt russia . 
  weapon sales and energy market . 
  usa is 100 % self sufficient from russia in energy , which means sanctions that do n't impact other countries would be toothless pretty shitty from the usa i agree , but election hacking is no joke . 
  this is n't a done deal yet . 
  congress is a lot more split on this issue and trump still has to sign it . 
  probably should have talked to allies first , but i can understand why the senate was understandably pissed about our election being interfered with . 
  not a done deal , but still not a good look . 
  i feel really conflicted on this issue . 
  hacking an election is 1 step lower than an act of war . 
  depends , if it 's anything close to a defensive war i 'd be there . 
  lol funny enough americans have the most optimistic view of the economy . 
  wat , harder than 2 global wars and a cold war ? 
  yeah , i support trump on his change to a merit based system rather than a lottery system . 
  crazy scary especially with italy 's low fertility rate :(, 
  crazy . 
  italy 's economic situation is worrying . 
  come to usa pls . 
  i 'm pretty sure the only reason the bill included that was to make it hard for trump to veto the bill under the guise of `` america first . '', 
  you do n't think there will be an incentive to import more russian gas after it drops in price ? 
  yup, 
  pretty much . 
  cheap operation cost is a big positive, 
  it 's basically a new plane . 
  frame is based on older design but everything else is new . 
  we should wait until they go through regardless . 
  both sides speculating is bad . 
  let 's see if trump vetos these sanctions until we jump to conclusions . 
  brexit is dead . 
  brexit negotiations start monday . 
  i think it might be better , hard to tell really since this is its first flight test , but a lot of the stuff they 're using is modern . 
  remember the rafale and eurofighter are already decades old . 
  pretty much , should cost around 85 mil or a bit more . 
  it 's a 4.5 short range multirole . 
  recently brazil signed on for it something like 4.68 billion for 36 planes . 
  plane is also not domestically produced but rather assembled with different country parts . 
  engine is american , lots of it is eu/brazil . 
  http://media.defenceindustrydaily.com/images/air_jas-39_gripen_ng_brazilian_components_saab_lg.jpg no one knows about the capability yet since this is its first test flight . 
  best thing about the plane is the low operating cost . 
  3 times cheaper than the f-35 if we believe projections . 
  ah more debt , instead of debt relief . 
  they 're also building a fucking pipeline to bypass ukraine and deny billions in transit fees . 
  it 's also false . 
  so the eu sanctioned gazprom and they 're building a pipeline to increase gas exports to europe . 
  makes sense . 
  like i said , did n't impact squat . 
  i never said the original sanctions did n't attempt to do anything about energy , i said they did n't impact anything . 
  clearly eu sanctions mean less than nothing when it pertains to energy if they want to be even more reliant on russia for energy . 
  sure , but we 're talking about refugees . 
  notice the refugee numbers before and after france decided to kill gaddafi and create a fail state right next to europe ? 
  the same gaddafi that was stopping refugees from getting to europe . 
  and it 's not like you could just idk , not take in the refugees if you did n't want to . 
  proven false . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/germany-didnt-receive-nato-invoice-from-trump-government/  `` reports that president trump had presented the federal chancellor with a kind of bill with a concrete billion sum are not true , '' spokesman steffen seibert said at a press conference .
