http://www.thecrimson.com/article/1960/10/17/professor-predicts-soviet-union-growth-will/ https://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/01/24/paul-samuelsons-repeated-predictions-of-the-soviet-union-economy-catching-up-with-the-usa/, 
  to be fair , the ussr was supposed to surpass the usa by 1980 , japan was supposed to surpass the usa by 2020 . 
  now , there is a very good chance since the ussr and japan had a smaller population base compared to china , but the economics of it are n't all driven by population . 
  if europeans want an eu army primarily for a more capable force that see themselves as equal to the usa it will succeed . 
  it they want it so they can spend less and save money it will fail . 
  the goal should be a more efficient better force , not a more efficient cost saving force . 
  the eu is not # 2 , china is . 
  besides eu is n't even a country . 
  the eu is not a country . 
  could you point to a period in history where # 1 and # 2 were friends for a long period of time ? 
  eh i think you 're overreacting a bit . 
  https://www.cato.org/blog/muslim-immigration-integration-united-states-western-europe http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/21/sunday-review/hispanics-the-new-italians.html hispanics in 1 new generation are only 10k below the average american family in wealth . 
  yes i have traveled across europe . 
  i wish all my arguments could be solved by spamming one link en masse . 
  it 's scary to think of the number of terror attacks , but it 's even scarier to think of the number of foiled terror attacks . 
  one of the more scary things with france/uk/ger is how terrible assimilation is going . 
  it 's one thing for first generation unvetted refugees to commit terror attacks/rapes , but it 's another when 2nd generation migrants are actually more extreme/unassimilated . 
  specifically i point to france , where there is a huge assimilation problem with the former african colonials , and what 's scary is the fact most of the form colonies actually speak french and have lived in france for more than half a century . 
  language barrier is like 90 % of of the assimilation issues for migrants yet it does n't seem to be making a difference at all in france . 
  no one cares about the russian economy , it 's literally irrelevant if oil prices are below 100 $, 
  this is just a petty response . 
  uk is pretty oil rich too . 
  that 's awesome news !, 
  nukes + permanent unsc seat = world power . 
  one of the more scary things with france/uk/ger is how terrible assimilation is going . 
  it 's one thing for first generation unvetted refugees to commit terror attacks/rapes , but it 's another when 2nd generation migrants are actually more extreme/unassimilated . 
  specifically i point to france , where there is a huge assimilation problem with the former african colonials , and what 's scary is the fact most of the form colonies actually speak french and have lived in france for more than half a century . 
  language barrier is like 90 % of of the assimilation issues for migrants yet it does n't seem to be making a difference at all in france . 
  i mean at least it was n't the american flag . 
  the australian flag still has the gb flag in it . 
  does sweden 's colonial history go beyond europe ? 
  i know they were expansionist into russia/scandinavia for a while, 
  it 's one thing to get drunk , steal things , or refuse to learn local language . 
  it 's another to disproportionately commit rapes and terror attacks . 
  it 's so easy to see injured as lucky , when in reality they 're victims . 
  `` you 're lucky you did n't die , '' is a pretty common term . 
  yes , not all people/countries are the same and it 's foolish to pretend so . 
  obviously for most immigrant groups there will be a higher crime rate compared to the native population . 
  americans immigrating to germany have a 2x average crime rate compared to the native population . 
  however the problem is n't that there is a higher crime rate compared to the native population . 
  that 's almost a given for any immigrant group , the problem is the total lack of assimilation as evidenced in the uk where 2nd generation muslims are actually more extreme than there parents . 
  or the ghettos that form that are basically a colony . 
  there is also a different range level that makes it acceptable . 
  look at this chart . 
  http://imgur.com/a/j4eg1#ugk9a8a there is clearly a difference . 
  it 's not fair to just say well , italians commit crimes higher than natives and afghanis do to and lump them in one . 
  also , i 'm not say statistics are the be all end all to judging migrant groups however there is a clear numeric differences that are clear outliers with specific migrants from mena countries . 
  https://www.economist.com/news/asia/21722216-there-was-just-one-fatal-shooting-whole-2015-crime-dries-up-japans-police-hunt literally there 's not enough crime for police to be busy . 
   japan  and because they never had colonies u wot m8 ? 
  there are european countries that do n't bomb the me and do n't have a colonial history . 
  best example , sweden . 
   consequentially , you can not just throw migrants in some large groupings , i was just giving an example of migrants who came from poor and uneducated backgrounds achieving success without this `` concrete education plan . '', 
   let 's not conflate an american and an french issue . 
  i 'm not at all , in fact i did n't even mean to bring up a specific country . 
   else we should n't have left them in . 
  you probably should n't have . 
   and if you 're going to import the lower classes of poor countries , and expect them to integrate in a western european education scheme you 're an idiot . 
  works for immigrants of non mena background . 
   we have a pretty organized society here , much more than in america . 
  there is social planning , social security , ... and while every individual is responsible for their own actions , the decision-makers are responsible for the success of their own policies . 
  this is a completely unnecessary point . 
  i 'm not here to get into a pissing contest about the usa vs europe . 
  plenty of threads for that . 
   if you 're going to import poor , especially uneducated masses , you should anticipate the issues they are going to cause and solve them . 
  like i said , for non mena immigrant groups it 's not a problem usually . 
  of course , there are always trouble makers , however if you look at the crime rates per capita for immigrants from say china , korea , japan , vietnam etc they are either on par or even lower than the native population . 
  my mom immigrated with 50 $ in her bank account and did n't speak a lick of english . 
  25 years later she 's a dean of a university . 
  the expectation some how flipped from the immigrant having the responsibility to assimilate to society to a country needing a concrete plan to educate them . 
  was there a concrete plan to educate viets , chinese or asians in general ? 
  nope . 
  and 99 % of them started off dirt poor . 
  japan , korea . 
  yeah there have been incidents , but nothing compared to other major western nations . 
  hope the soldiers are ok . vive la, 
   will things get better in the future i wonder no , it 's minority population will increase unless drastic measures are taken . 
  yup , usa offered partnership on the f-117 program when it was still a secret in the 80s . 
  considering stealth technology was literally a myth at that point it 's a pretty big deal . 
  also reagan offered a us carrier for the falkaland war . 
  texas is projected to surpass california in economy within the next 30-40 years . 
  jesus the french electorate man . 
  could you explain why ? 
   it is if you have to build all the facilities up from scratch and then leave them to rot once the games are over aka sochi . 
  wages and gas prices are so similar it 's kinda funny . 
  `` oil prices are down that means gas prices go down right ? '', 
  lol no fuck the consumer . 
  superb !, 
  the only real valid concern that could make this a disaster compared to rio is a terror attack . 
  congrats to france !, 
   does n't paris a have much , much larger/more radicalized muslim population than london ? 
  i thought so ? 
  no , london has a larger muslim population , however france overall has a larger muslim population . 
  not really surprising . 
  they are the two foremost military powers in europe . 
  i agree , humans live generally longer more healthy lives , but that does n't change the fact fertility does n't get extended with our longer lives . 
  talking about racial groups . 
  europe is also plenty ethnically diverse . 
  go make asia and africa more diverse . 
  oh i know it 's eu business , i was just referring to the title reminding me of a lot of erdogan 's rhetoric around the time of the referendum . 
  who cares , the russian economy is doomed .
