  very much so . 
  minor hiccups in one of the worlds longest and most succesful democratic system . 
  reddit is a huge minority of the general electorate . 
  i did n't mean like that , i just meant it does n't get to pick and choose when to enforce democracy and when to ignore it . 
  us is totally fine , those reductions are just a part of the hike in interest rates . 
  the real question is china who just recently got their credit score reduced . 
  so if i find you 6 chinese immigrants in the uk that do n't speak english and have lived in the uk for 5 + years i 'm right ? 
  excellent , one piece of anecdotal evidence is all we need . 
  it was n't an attack on your culture but it occurred because of the lack of integration that goes hand and hand with having different cultures . 
  lol, 
  i 'm 90 % sure you 're wrong based on my stat . 
  if manchester is anything to go by , yes . 
  hey we did n't lose :( our white house needed to be rebuilt anyways , the carpet was old . 
  meh everyone knows but no action to actually rectify the situation . 
  i know the german elections are still yet to come , but i have my doubts . 
  i mean this is democracy right ? 
  you get the good and the bad . 
  i 'm sure people were thankful for the system when fdr died . 
  rather be slow and inefficient than hyper change like erdogan . 
   we consider our founding fathers above reproach . 
  i do n't think this is true , the founding fathers had slaves and never allowed women to vote , we 've added a bunch of stuff to the constitution since then . 
  america 's whole political system is based on being as slow and inefficient as possible . 
  the founding fathers had this specific idea in mind when writing the constitution . 
  it 's unique compared to other democracy 's in that sense i suppose . 
  it 's actually pretty functional , it 's designed to be efficient in war time . 
  truman took over the presidency from fdr who died before the election and we did n't have some massive political divide in the midst of a war . 
  yup i understand the reasoning , i just think it 's really funny . 
  copied from / r/canada . 
   great showing by the pm . 
  look at jt use his free left hand/arm as a brace against trump 's shoulder as they meet , protecting against the initial pull-in ( a patented trump handshake move that scuppered the japanese pm ) . 
  you then see jt cock his right arm , elbow against his ribs , and keep his hand tight against his chest . 
  he even turns his hand palm-up , almost shaking in a pulling , downward motion , completely neutralizing trump 's leverage . 
  he maintains gaze , and trump 's the one to look away first . 
  handshake diplomacy at its finest . 
  nope , we do n't get early elections . 
   let me guess , not sustainable ? 
  of course it 's not sustainable , but why have n't we heard much news ? 
  well because they do n't want to scare investors in the euro . 
  big shock when greece just rolls over and defaults i imagine . 
  debt cuts , less taxes , and deregulation . 
  need a greek thatcher . 
  once he 's elected we ca n't pick and choose again until the next election . 
  even if we impeach the dude , we still get pence . 
  lol i love how trump has politicized handshakes . 
  nah , democracy does n't get to pick and choose . 
   only if one side is close to losing said war . 
  and peace was n't an option . 
  that 's why in the art of war the guy suggests never completely encircling your enemy giving him no chance of escape . 
  we would respond in conventional warfare , but wargames suggest it would be damn hard to take the baltic countries back . 
  the best response is to have a big enough force in the baltic countries so they are n't overrun within a couple of days and the slow european reinforcements can make a difference . 
  ok people , we 're not going to nuke the world over estonia so it 's best if we actually have enough conventional arms to ensure it does n't get over run . 
  i 'm about as militaristic as there is , but no way in hell are we nuking russia over this . 
  we would only use nukes as a response to russian nukes . 
  meh they are n't a problem in the sense that they do n't blow shit up , but do chinese immigrants successfully integrate into british culture ? 
  nope . 
  lol , `` what is british culture ? '', 
  welllllllllll, 
  shit is scary as fuck . 
  basically not an english city anymore . 
  they used to be like 49-33 or something , it 's just attitude towards mainland europe has hardened after brexit . 
  oh man this is pretty depressing . 
  there 's no way it 's just incompetence . 
  leak the us-russia meeting , leak the trump - duberte call , leak on this . 
  it 's strategically leaking to making trump like like more of a baboon than he is . 
  india , canada , and australia were already independent by then . 
  the british empire was already pretty much done by then . 
  come to usa . 
   france left nato once false , it left the command structure and kicked us troops out , but it never officially left the alliance . 
  probably because trudeau and that canadian peace loving reputation . 
  he 's not saying his knowledge of geography sucks , he 's saying germany 's geographical location is a disadvantage . 
   what gives ? 
  love the benefits , hate the actual commitments . 
   i recently read a study about how many germans would defend germany in case of attack . 
  and it was - i think - around 18-20 % . 
  is n't that poll refer more to like civilian joining the army or be apart of the resistance versus this poll is more sending the military to assist an ally ? 
  i have my doubts until i see the terms of brexit . 
  the excuse is now because the poll said nato ally instead of eu ally . 
  they are the same thing in a military context . 
  sabotage in the us intelligence community . 
  they 're trip wire troops . 
  not actually there for any tactical reason but there so germany can use dead soldiers to justify defending an ally . 
  i agree , a direct link with isis is very concerning and pretty different . 
  let me refer you to the phoney war . 
  lol c'mon now . 
  canada at least was independent by ww2 , and india was never going to remain apart of the empire . 
  did the us accelerate the inevitable ? 
  probably . 
  umm if you go through op 's history he 's shitting the us over this . 
  in 2015 it was a lot higher actually , brexit has damaged relations pretty badly . 
  i 'm scared once merkel retires germany will truly elect a pacifist . 
  why do you think a soviet invasion did n't happen ? 
  is it perhaps because nato deterred them and in the end won the cold war ? 
   which is why european army would n't be led by germany or any other nation , it would be led by different branch of eu . 
  oh please , it will be the exact same as the current eu . 
  france and germany dominate . 
  especially since uk left . 
   german was forced to make it 's army pretty much a joke really ? 
  news to me , they seemed to have a respectable army pre cold war ending . 
  does n't seem like uk/fra military is a joke . 
  or perhaps germany slashed the military budget to nothing and made their military a joke purposely .
