  5-star is absolutely the dumbest thing yet . 
  i have no idea how they were leading in any polls . 
  there are very few governments that are right of dup . 
  eu prosecuting a democratically elected president ? 
  cancer . 
  how many white muslims do you know ? 
  none , maybe the balkan countries have huge muslim populations . 
  i do n't really remember . 
  but it 's the claim about canada being the most multicultural country is false . 
  i 'll speak about anything i want , and the reason i know it 's the reason why lib dems are in the gutter is because the labours did n't take an anti brexit stance because they know it would be unpopular . 
  is n't it funny how this election is n't about brexit ? 
  neocons would sign up for the agreement so fast lol . 
  what will actually solve the current problem is stopping more refugees from entering europe . 
  what 's the point of quotas if you just ferry more migrants the next day ? 
  what ? 
  it 's like 80 % + white . 
  0 is also an acceptable number . 
  they sink their own boats because they want to be ferried to europe . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0 rules do n't matter because france is france . 
  cool , i like this sub , i just think there is a bit of a narrative that 's biased because of brexit . 
   you wo n't see me on t_d telling them how much despicable i think their sub is . 
  ok good for you . 
  http://therightscoop.com/united-nations-says-72-of-syrian-refugees-are-men-only-13-are-children/ only official source i could find . 
  keep in mind that that is also referring to when the most migrant was coming from the balkans route . 
  even more men would be the ones to attempt a water crossing into europe . 
  never mind the fact that most `` children , '' are liars about their age as well . 
  i 'm not advocating you let them drown or something , but i am pointing out that the dumb eu ferry service is encouraging more crossing and thus more drownings . 
  it 's a sad fact that when you try to help someone they often take advantage of the situation resulting in worse results . 
   you either live a very sheltered life or you 're very cruel . 
  lol no , i just recognize a dumb plan when i see one . 
  letting them drown is a dumb plan too , but at least it will result in less deaths . 
   the link posted comes from a british newspaper who cares which newspaper it comes from ? 
  plenty of british newspapers are painting the narrative of brexit dooming the uk behind eu for economic growth . 
  i do n't know if it 's correct or not , but it 's irrelevant who 's newspaper it is . 
   this was already commented a few days ago , and everyone was saying the same : historically the q1 of britain is so low and then they catch up with the rest . 
  really ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d97sv/uk_economy_weakens_more_than_estimated_growth/ plenty of brexit circle jerking going on there . 
  but yes there are some comments that remind people of uk 's historical growth trends . 
  still worth repeating . 
   do n't you see that you are the only one here who `` attacked '' first ? 
  lol , stop being so dramatic . 
  90 % of them are like 20 year old men . 
  anyways , they could return them to libya . 
  and yes watching them drown is a better solution because they wo n't be encouraged to make a dangerous journey because there will be a ferry service . 
  that 's the irony of it . 
  the ferry service is n't actually saving lives , just encouraging more to take the trip . 
  if they stopped ferrying people over . 
  there would be like 99 % less attempts at crossing to europe and thus less drownings . 
  if they 're being overwhelmed perhaps they should stop picking them up 10km from the libya coast and acting like a ferry service . 
  sure , but the reason isis exists is because the power vacuums created by instability . 
  what does sa have to do with the syrian civil war or libya bombing from france ? 
  or iraq/afghanistan invasion ? 
  course i did , i just do n't see the point in responding when someone ca n't engage in civilized discussion without resorting to insults . 
  most of this sub does not understand historically q1 growth in uk is weak and always rebounds . 
  so it bears that repeating some points are important , also important to point out hypocrisies when it comes to narratives due to brexit . 
  you have n't explained anything . 
  refugee crisis is because europe refuses to enforce their borders . 
  there are some refugees caused by sa going to war , but the vast majority are not . 
   do n't you feel retarded repeating the same thing that everyone else ? 
  less retarded than posting an incomplete sentence . 
  everyone else is happy ? 
  everyone else shits bricks ? 
  everyone else does not ? 
   selling arms to sa = refugees and muslim migration . 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  europe could simply turn back all the refugees and control their immigration policy . 
  has nothing to do with arms sold to sa . 
  nope , refugees and muslim migration = terrorism . 
  uk and europe has sold weapons to saudia arabia since ww2 . 
  only after increased immigration from mena did they have islamic terror problems . 
  has very little to do with selling weapons . 
  trolling = expressing support for the front runner of an election . 
  okay then . 
   also the individuals from the sa royal fam who are the people who spread terrorism are de facto the saudi government . 
  you know there are 15k members of the royal family ? 
   it 's a good start there is no good argument for selling weapons to the saudis . 
  of course there is . 
  money . 
  is uk really in a position to turn down billions of dollars ? 
   on top of that selling them weapons means they wage war in me better and more refugees come to europe and more terrorist acts are done not really since they 'll just buy the weapons from russia and continue to wage war on shit . 
  if europe wants to stop refugees from coming they will need to enforce the border and deport em . 
  no soft solutions will work . 
  europe is richer , welfare and has blond girls , refugees will always try to migrate there . 
  lib dem , which explains why they 're in the gutter . 
  i wonder when uk growth rebounds from q1 like it always does , we 'll have this spam of misinformed economic articles . 
  probably not because muh brexit . 
  shit . 
  you 're the one who 's commenting to me accusing me of random shit . 
  why do n't you just stop replying thanks . 
  saudia arabia 's government does not support terrorists , individual private citizens do . 
  just like how private us citizens support brexit or whatever . 
  for example , the manchester attacker was a 2nd generation muslim from libya . 
  any link with saudia arabia ? 
  nope . 
  attacker in sweden was from uzbeck . 
  the vast majority of the terrorist attacks in germany are from refugees . 
  stopping the sale of weapons to saudia arabia is n't some magic solution people like to think it is . 
  now i agree that sa influence is bad because they fund mosques in europe but countries that do n't sell weapons to sa do n't ban that shit so i really do n't see what the point is in losing money and bankrolling russia . 
  4chan is obviously pepe . 
  please do tell , how would stopping sales of weapons to saudia arabia do for stop terror attacks ?
