  aka around 4 % . 
  it 's not actually 100 % of people working , but effectively the demand for work is less than the demand for skilled labour . 
  in order to compensate for this , wages rise to encourage training for that field . 
  rising wages are healthy for the economy as it gives consumers more money to spend and confidence in the economy . 
  obviously artificially raising the wages is bad because that will depress hiring and cause unemployment . 
  of course it remains to be seen if this is a result of brexit uncertainty or just natural rises in wages as unemployment drops . 
  we 're in a thread talking about the nhs on / r/europe . 
  the fact is if i had a different name/flair his comment would be irrelevant . 
  attack the argument not the person . 
  good . 
  nah they just want the big stomach for show . 
  bbb, 
  return crimeia to ukraine please . 
  honestly i do n't know why people harp on the past to make it seem like present complaints are dismissible . 
  what the british empire did was horrible , but that does n't mean they should n't be allowed to complain about the present . 
  nor does it diminish their claims . 
  nearly 100 % of the people who lived during the empire are dead . 
  it 's like if we randomly started gassing germans and said that germans have no shred of self-awareness about how they gassed jews . 
  obviously the comparison is flawed , but the premise is the same . 
  empire being bad does not mean present situation is n't bad as well . 
  nah what 's a joke is you bringing up something totally irrelevant to the subject at hand . 
   i guess we should n't fund hand and foot transplants either , or kidney transplants as long as the fucker still had a functioning one , right ? 
  where did i even come close to saying this ? 
  giving a transgender person a womb is not a health related concern . 
  the things you listed are . 
   the reason the nhs lacks funds is because the tories have gutted it . 
  sure and waste like this . 
  when they ordered russian aircraft idk how many specific but it was around 50 , took 10 , canceled the order paid for 10 and then reverse engineered it ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  do you think immigration has led to gaelic dying ? 
  hey i maintain that reagan and thatcher were the closest you 'd ever get to a true friendship between countries irrelevant of interests . 
  this is n't ethical either . 
  at least an implantation is n't paid for by tax dollars . 
  lol , people still think corbyn is pro eu . 
  probably why southern states were closer than usual as well as trump turning off some of the traditional conservatives . 
  i honestly think this election will be studied for a long long time . 
  so when the nhs complains about lack of funds i 'll point to this as a utter waste of funds . 
  african american turnout was already heavily down this election due to obama being off the ticket . 
  clinton has the deepest roots with the black community , just picture turnout with sanders . 
  it 's absolutely incredible how trump managed to shatter two of america 's political dynasties . 
  the bush family has roots in politics since the beginning of the 20th century . 
  misread that honestly , thought you said nato friends . 
  sm-6 is better anyways . 
  but yeah the hype for s-400 is pretty interesting . 
  the usa is a country , the eu is a political organization , not a country . 
  pretty clear difference if you ask me . 
  lol , the eu is a political organization ffs . 
  stop acting like it 's a blood oath . 
  lol the east/west divide could not be clearer than in this thread . 
  hey !, 
  usa offered a carrier . 
  that 's what i 'm fucking saying . 
  greece should buy the s-400 ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ f-35 's, 
  well how about some shiny f-35 's ? 
  lol, 
  there are far more turks complaining about fearmongering than greeks fearmongering in this thread . 
  brexit will be ugly . 
  really really ugly . 
  100 % france and uk leading the charge . 
  usa joined well after the fact . 
  gib us one . 
  send warships . 
  the fact that you have to specify you are living in nz is bs . 
  even if you lived in russia it does n't matter . 
  an opinion is an opinion . 
  judging people 's opinion on their flair is a joke . 
  yes leave nato the thing that won the cold war . 
  refugee crisis is mainly because of the syrian civil war and europe 's adventure in libya . 
  should look up the actual definition of irony . 
  fantastic speech . 
  sure give em a free ticket , we 'll deport em to their home country like you guys lack the spine to . 
   they are using the pc culture imported from america without the ironclad constitution . 
  what do you mean sure ? 
  it 's already mandated in the eo that was reinstated . 
  good thing trump is gon na lower that to 50k . 
  lol germany is just trying to push us social media companies out . 
  the fuck does this only apply to more than 2 million user base . 
  merkel is the master of `` do nothing politics . '', 
  i swear it 's like clockwork . 
  no one on the left cares because gay marriage is legalized , and people on the right ca n't target her because she voted no . 
  eh , it was more the iran hostage crisis in combination . 
  however , i doubt the usa will actually push for regime change . 
  we have n't exactly scrapped the nuclear deal . 
  if only iran was n't so anti-israel . 
  pretty dumb to shut down all the nuclear power plants . 
  kinda opposite directions really . 
  all i can say is thank fuck for jim mattis . 
  the man is god send as well as the greatest modern day american general . 
  hearts in the right place macron . 
  sums up my thoughts pretty much . 
  sorry i should have explained it better . 
  it 's hard to buy the hype when the same problem with the euro occurs . 
  common currency/military before common fiscal policy/foreign policy seems like a disaster . 
  the typhoon , a400m and nh90 are the most recent projects and have all been relatively disappointed . 
  however stuff with clear roles like the tornado and meteor have been good . 
  do muslims in europe all understand english or something ? 
  why would netherlands be surprising after the mh-17 ? 
  europe began in 1992 ? 
  signs ftd like a month after brexit is completed with japan and usa , 
  i 'd put fredrick the great as # 1 for sure .
