  villiers, 
  it 's more than you think . 
  military budgets more than most budgets have a snowball effect . 
  less new equipment = more usage of old equipment = more maintenance which you have less money for . 
  well some are considered brown . 
  shared values ? 
  freedom , democracy , and liberty . 
   cultural holidays specific to the us ? 
  sure , memorial day , veterans day , independence day , thanksgiving , mlk day . 
   is there music , food , manners or anything like that specific to the us ? 
  rap , country , jazz were basically invented by america . 
  food ? 
  well i 'll concede here , there 's only state by state unique cultural food . 
   there 's no real culture to ` protect ' , the us culture relies on its diversity and patriotism , to which all races contribute . 
  yeah no . 
  there is one culture . 
  american . 
  it 's complicated . 
  how about european flight :(, 
  lol no , replacement and protege lined up . 
  well that 's something . 
  i 'm referring to white flight in the present . 
  https://psmag.com/news/ghosts-of-white-people-past-witnessing-white-flight-from-an-asian-ethnoburb as i said before , i know it was mainly black migration that prompted it , i just did n't feel like getting into a debate about this subject . 
  i see now it is nearly impossible to not cause a controversy with subjects like this . 
  i never said they were n't born in the uk . 
  move to germany like everyone else !, 
   what is this revisionism ... they were fleeing blacks and hispanics and even asians because they make the school too competitive . 
  i just did n't want to specify to avoid singling out a group ...  also , property value is definitely not the highest in suburbs lmao wat ? 
  where did i say they were the highest in the suburbs ? 
  all i said was the property value drops . 
  ya know in america we have a thing called white flight . 
  basically white folks pack up and leave heavy migrant neighbourhoods . 
  over time the property value and community go to shit because well , white folks are richer . 
  in europe , it 's jewish flight . 
  bad sign of things to come . 
  umm , i 'd like to come back to restore a little bit of the credibility and good will left in the world . 
  sure if you want to stimulate the economy downwards . 
  i already specified how i differentiated them . 
  when i first read the title , i thought european girls as in , non muslims/with eu background . 
  girls with the names salma and zahra halan give a pretty good indication that they are muslims and have a foreign background . 
  nothing to do with manchester . 
  i do find it interesting how he brought up the terrorism/climate change link . 
  probably the best way to get through to trump tbh . 
  they 're both kinda hawkish on terrorism . 
  that also ignores the increase in technology you get from military spending . 
  man italy needs help bad . 
  is there anything they can do to stimulate the economy ? 
   one example is a pair of teenage twins from manchester , salma and zahra halan oh now it makes more sense . 
  i thought france 's military budget was 34 billion ? 
  yes , 1 sunk rubber boat . 
  an export of freedom . 
  i like the a-10 sounds . 
  broken window fallacy only applies to stuff you do n't need or want . 
  besides france exports tons of weapons as well . 
  it 's funny because china sells 95 % of the rubber boats . 
  give the usa the green light please . 
  solve the migration crisis while usa takes the heat . 
  hint . 
  1 sunk boat is all that is needed . 
  libya was france ( main ) and uk 's shithole . 
  also you 're simplifying the syrian civil war too much . 
  well you could easily argue phelps or bolt . 
  it does seem like they get along better than most people expected . 
  never lived , but i 've traveled across most of europe . 
  how so ? 
  i guess that 's a no . 
  i 've seen that video before . 
  it does n't really prove your point . 
  you made a very strong statement about american living and just saying there is massive wealth inequality does n't mean much . 
  just to give you an idea , germany would be the 7th poorest state in the usa per capita wise . 
  obviously germany have a mitigating factor of strong social programs , but that still does n't make up for the fact that even the poor in the usa live much better than the middle class or even the rich in other countries . 
  besides , half of americans do n't see wealth inequality as an inherent problem . 
  raise the bottom rather than redistribute . 
  i would say the nationalism is part of why americans are so good at integrating immigrants in comparison . 
  love america , freedom , speak english and welcome aboard . 
  sweden is actually the exception in the eu imo . 
  they 've always punched above their weight in terms of science . 
   you take the ( very ) sucessfull example within the us and do n't mention the just good/average that are struggling to make it to next month . 
  it 's great to live in the us , if you are part of the wealthy , the other are fucked have you lived in the usa before ? 
  i really do n't think this is true . 
  you should see texas , massive tech industry spouting up there . 
   how 's that relevant ? 
  has a a tech talent ever said darn i wan na go to europe but the refugee thing ... meh , guess i 'll skip . 
  well maybe ? 
  if it happens with tourism idk why it would n't happen with high tech immigration . 
  you 're already fighting a uphill battle with language . 
  germans are the largest ethnic group in america . 
  nah us constitution is unbreakable . 
  did n't the center right party pull off major upsets in the local elections ? 
  reading over this , the reform is fine , replacing all the judges in one swoop is not . 
  lol poland causes so much drama it 's hilarious . 
  nope , still seems good to me . 
  i mean do you want the migrant deal blown up ? 
   that does n't mean they will get refugee status , because they wo n't . 
  they 'll just stay in europe after they get rejected . 
  like the terrorist in sweden . 
  or germany failing to deport over half the rejected asylum seekers . 
  just fyi . 
  my interactions with muslims and refugees are probably skewed anyways in comparison to europe . 
   yeah , it 's a mistake to not let people die after your country and other `` conservatives '' fucked up the middle east so is that why a lot of migrants in europe are from bangladesh , morocco , ethiopia , kenya , and nigeria .
