  selling them weapons has nothing to do with the terror attacks . 
  it 's not like they 're using these weapons to attack the west or something . 
  about the month may . 
  fair enough , brexit is a bad situation . 
  i do n't expect eu to be nice ( why should they ? ), 
  but avoiding a pissing contest in spite would be good . 
  germany sells weapons to the saudi 's , usa does , uk does , france does , china does , russia does . 
  always have and always will sell weapons for money . 
  practically no party will stop it because they will have a 10 billion dollar hole in their budget . 
  also corbyn 's comments about nato expansion and trident renewal are a joke . 
  junker is the best argument against the eu . 
   well , if we give the uk everything it demands than there would be more merit in a uk like relation with the eu as opposed to being in the eu itself . 
  no one said the uk/eu trade deal or whatever relation should be the same or better than actually being in the eu . 
  just the idea that the uk needs to come out worse or not well just sits badly with me . 
  yeah that speech was a disaster . 
  lol , ca n't even express support for a candidate without getting accused of 4chan . 
   i generally want a quick clean exit where the uk does n't come of to well shame the eu ca n't stand on merit . 
  nah , just a comfortable majority . 
  he went into his presidency like any other with the naive assumption that us and russian relations could be good . 
  sanctions are still going and he ordered a strike on syria . 
  us build up in poland is continuing . 
  he also appointed jim matthis who is easily the most qualified person for the job and staunchly anti russia . 
  his pushing on nato could be seen as pro putin or russia or whatever , but honestly it 's been the only thing that has gotten europeans to get their act on military spending and stuff together . 
  bush , and obama for 16 years ragged on europe to spend more and was ignored every time . 
  trump has hurt relations and trust which sucks but it 's always been the goal to get europe to be self sufficient on defense matters . 
  if ragging on nato achieves this , then it is a good thing . 
   fox and breitbart being unbiased ? 
  give me a break . 
  did you really just extrapolate that statement ? 
  i said i assume you do n't read those sources , not fox and breitbart are good . 
   if he truly thought trump innocent why did n't he answer that question with a straightforward `` no '' . 
  this is more confirmation bias . 
  no one knows what comey thinks but extrapolating information like that is just speculation . 
   trump is a habitual liar that seems to switch between political postions every single hour sure . 
   the only consistency in his foreign policies have been his pathetic and totally unfounded love for the russian tyrant putin . 
  wrong . 
  whatever russia tries to block we should should immediately expedite it . 
  meh , only government trustable on foreign policy . 
  go may !, 
  tories landslide incoming, 
  first off , it 's important to realize 99 % of the sources you read , ( i 'm assuming you do n't read fox or breitbart ) have presented extreme levels of misinformation . 
  comey directly testified that press releases are incredibly false . 
  specifically crapped on nytimes and wpo . 
   us election was hacked . 
  none of the votes in the 2016 election were compromised is a direct quote from comey . 
   but the reason this is such a big deal is -- we have this big , messy , wonderful country , where we fight with each other all the time . 
  but nobody tells us what to think , what to fight about , what to vote for , except other americans . 
  and that 's wonderful and often painful . 
  but we 're talking about a foreign government that , using technical intrusion and lots of other methods , tried to shape the way we think , we vote , we act . 
  that is a big deal . 
  and people need to recognize it . 
  it 's not about republicans or democrats . 
  they 're coming after america , which i hope we all love equally . 
  they want to undermine our credibility in the face of the world . 
  they think that this great experiment of ours is a threat to them , and so they 're gon na try to run it down and dirty it up as much as possible . 
  that 's what this is about . 
  and they will be back , because we remain -- as difficult as we can be with each other , we remain that shining city on the hill , and they do n't like it . 
  nothing to do with trump . 
  i agree that the sessions stuff is troubling , but ultimately . 
  comey agreed that no trump associates have correspondance with russian intelligence comey 's full hearing also stated trump was n't under investigation . 
  stop reading so much cnn . 
  did trump associates have correspondance with russian intelligence comey : no anything beyond that is just baseless speculation without any proof . 
  you do realize the usa can deploy anywhere in the world within 24 hours right ? 
  lmao send em in without water or medical supplies while at the same time shitting on the us . 
  they 're really spinning hard . 
  it 's one thing if russia does stupid shit , it 's another is nato does stupid shit . 
  seems like a pretty dumb idea . 
  usa , russia , china all buy foreign arms because sometimes you do n't produce the best stuff . 
  having a territorial dispute is different than currently fighting a war . 
  just because there is n't a rule , does n't mean it 's a good idea . 
  that 's not the same . 
  what were to happen if ukraine joins and calls article 5 ? 
  also that was during the cold war so unless you want to return to those tensions ukraine joining is a dumb idea . 
  accepting ukraine into nato while they have territorial disputes is akine to declaring war . 
  go tories !, 
  may ftw . 
  well the link is closer to 700 billion . 
  and i never claimed uk will surpass germany by 2050 , however population demographics play a major role even with increasing automation . 
  it 's a good bet to assume germany wo n't remain top dog in europe if their population drops by the projected 25 million by 2100 . http://www.populationpyramid.net/united-kingdom/2100/ http://www.populationpyramid.net/germany/2100/ 20 million less people than uk when it has 20mil over uk right now is a net 40 million swing . 
  is n't your link suggesting uk and germany will be right next to each other for global ppp in 2050 where france is not in the top 10 ? 
  biggest factor is population . 
  germany 's projected population is shrink a lot . 
  lmao , russia and brazil . 
  this is the infamous brics alliance that 3/5 countries are in the shitter now . 
  because one responded to him on twitter . 
  really ? 
  only india might surpass uk/fra in the near future . 
  in fact it 's projected that the uk will surpass germany in economy in the future . 
  although of course this is muddled due to brexit . 
  i 'd say the opposite really , f-35 critics buy into click bit shit while ignoring the most extensive air combat simulation in history . 
  always gave the edge to the uk because of their employment statistics although dunno now because of brexit and what not . 
  why not just pay them money in an agreement ? 
  it 's basically what you did with libya before europe decided to war libya, 
  so you 're engaging in massive amounts of whataboutism . 
  if i had say a canadian flair you would n't have an argument . 
  sure give germany and france a penalty too for breaking rules . 
  i agree , < 3 poland . 
  meh people thought nato was done for after the cold war than russia invaded georgia and then ukraine and boom here we are with usa deploying more troops to poland . 
  no one questioned nato until trump and people will stop after he 's gone . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/germany-didnt-receive-nato-invoice-from-trump-government/ took me two damn seconds .
