  for a non superpower it 's already incredible . 
  width difference is pretty significant if you look across the nimitz , qe and de gaulle . 
  edit maximum number of planes for the nimitz is 138 f-18 's , while the qe and can host a maximum number of 70 f-35b 's . 
  nah i 'd take the qe over the de gaulle . 
  the nuclear power thing is only relevant to countries like america where they have to operate across the entire world . 
  the catapult matters , but that 's an intentional design with the f-35b in mind . 
   `` they looked like they were moroccans . '' just so people do n't have to click on the article . 
  gorbachev is a hero . 
  hms sunk bismark . 
  i 'm not engaging in whataboutism because your post had nothing of substance to engage in . 
  all you did was claim americans are dumb on this subject . 
  i 'd say likewise to 99 % of american issues but they would n't happen now would it ? 
  do you think europeans comment more on american issues or vise versa ? 
  it 's a political decision . 
  germany 's refugee situation is unpopular so she needs to justify it by showing that no country can escape this mistake . 
  fuck that . 
  deport their asses . 
  what 's up with italy ? 
  i know they 're generally not very confident about the future in general , but that 's still pretty low . 
  sorry hard to tell nowadays when it comes to the f-35 . 
  yes , the german military is comparable to a plane that is in development . 
  sure . 
  the german military is a joke not because of the size but the state of readiness . 
  germany and sweden are pretty neutral ... 
  it 's closer to 77 % white . 
  the non hispanic population is 63 % . 
  lol what a dumb point , muslims represent a small minority of the population . 
  great , merkel is still by far the best option . 
  depends how you do it . 
  usa immigration is massively beneficial, 
   which they 're considering reopening . 
  which they just shut down . 
  2 days ago . 
  http://www.telegiz.com/articles/25736/20170623/f-22-raptor-air-force-f-22-fighter-jet-air-superiority-2030.htm  they are n't . 
  just because the day to day business is fighting rebels in the desert does n't mean the military does n't have other uses as well , such as deterrent . 
  in a war with a ( semi ) developed country like russia , or iran for that matter , they 're certainly not obsolete . 
  multiroles are n't designed to fight rebels . 
  they 're designed to fight modern wars . 
  the f-16 was procured in bigger numbers than the f-15 not because the usa was fighting rebels or something . 
  that was peak cold war as well . 
  hell even the f-15 was developed into a multi role . 
   and f-15 's . 
  the f-22 is the most modern air superiority fighter , but the f-15 is still the workhorse . 
  yes , but there are still more f-16 's than f-15s . 
  f-15c 's are going to retire by 2025 anyways . 
  f-16 's are going to last until 2048 . 
  also just one clarification , the eurotyphoon was designed specifically for dog fighting which is completely obsolete . 
  that was the main point i was trying to get across . 
  seakings , subs that ca n't shoot torpedos , and lovely intern super hornets . 
  canada is easily the worst western country when it comes to military procurement . 
  the f-35 is projected to have thousands of foreign sales with 11 countries already signed up . 
  the a400m not only has n't had any luck in the foreign market , a core member dropped out due to cost and performance ( italy ) the actual number of a400m 's has not only not increased , it 's decreased from by 50 planes since it 's inception . 
  how in any way is the f-35 comparable to the ef and a400m which have n't had any success at all in the foreign market exactly ? 
  well there is a reason the f-22 production stopped . 
  pure air superiority fighters are obsolete in the sense multiroles are much more useful . 
  187 f-22s versus the planned 2400 f-35 's paints the picture really . 
  i honestly think europe will try and develop a fifth gen plane and just say fuck that . 
  the f-35 program got soooooooooo much shit for how much it cost yet in reality it will be extremely cost efficient . 
  just picture europe dealing with half the struggle the f-35 program had in pr/development . 
  usa 's first fifth gen program ( f-22 ) arguably was a failure as a program , the plane turned out to be a beast , but the program went over budget by 3 times !, 
  the amount allocated . 
  way too expensive to actually be worth it and in all honesty a pure air superiority fighter is a niche role now . 
  https://gyazo.com/972b166a76c9522c1e287bb33de3ec29 the f-35 cost saving ( 80mil ) a plane was only possible because of the f-22 lessons and knowledge . 
  i 'm hoping europe can produce an awesome plane , but the track record with the typhoon , a400m and nh90 have my doubts . 
  investing in the eurofighter is a terrible idea . 
  the plane is expensive af , the role it was designed for was obsolete 30 years ago , and it has a horrible track record of foreign sales . 
  the eurofighter is inferior to the f-35 in pretty much every single role except dogfighting . 
  well the a400m is a disaster so maybe political leadership learned something . 
  i know , i meant like airbus 's proposed nex gen plane wo n't happen until 2040 . 
  i just meant like a new plane wo n't happen until 2040 . 
  they 're most likely buying the f-35 as at least an intern solution . 
  ship em to greece . 
  correct decision . 
  tornado replacement wo n't realistically happen until 2040 . 
  i believe the second part of the french minister 's statement is relevant here . 
   the difference , he added , is that `` we do n't have the same means as the united states -- which makes us jealous . '', 
  and to be fair , we do n't actually know the scopes and scales . 
  europe could use nukes as well . 
  we do n't know . 
   bitching and complaining about being spied on when you did the same thing is laughable . 
  where did you get that ? 
  i guess i did n't clarify it properly . 
  i meant it 's hypocritical to just say `` so what , '' when there was a massive shitstorm over the nsa scandal . 
   no , i 'm saying i do n't care about that . 
  i do n't care about it either . 
  i just point out the hypocrisy . 
  no it 's not . 
  french minister paraphrasing here basically framed it as . 
  `` everyone spies on everybody . '', 
  you seem to have this misguided idea that germany did this as a response to the nsa scandal . 
  wrong , everyone spies on everyone . 
  friend , ally , foe or whatever and it dates back a long time ago . 
  yes . 
  bit hypocritical no ? 
  does n't compare in numbers , scope or demographics . 
  do n't care , you 're a damn naive fool if you think allies dont spy on allies . 
  they will still try and immigrate to europe . 
  climate change and a rather sinister reason as well . 
  ca n't post it because of filter , but google . 
  `` why muslim rapists prefer blond history . '',
