  its just that people do n't care about politics at all ( in germany ) , people are too busy with their `` own stuff '' nowadays . 
  * do n't get me wrong , i have a very good life in germany and i am thankful for that . 
   ignoring the systemic issue and blaming the troubles on greek ethics is just like burying your head in the sand . 
  this is exactly the point of this crisis . 
  but most germans actually believe the bs that our government is telling us . 
  i guess most germans are not good at leading , they are good at following/tolerating . 
  i guess we dont want any reforms for the euro , it serves the export industry well , just not the citizens in general ( which a stronger currency would do ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jun/22/greece-eurozone-germans-single-currency ) is a good article about our dilemma . 
  okay , i guess its hard to adapt then . 
  especially because nobody knows how long those sanctions will be in place . 
  even if they are actually hurting the eu and the german economy and jobs , which my government seem to not care about at all . 
  that sounds not so good . 
  independent of what you think about russias actions/reactions in the ukraine , do you think the western sanctions are reasonable ? 
  yeah , our media wants us to think that russias economy is dependent on trading goods with the eu . 
  i never believed that . 
  do you have a french car then ? 
  okay , good to hear that the situation has stabilized !, 
  there will always be people that just base their opinion on one media source . 
  but that shouldnt stop the other people from sharing their opion !, 
  we should sanction greece as well !, 
  what do you mean by `` the situation has drastically improved at some point '' ? 
  the shortage has improved or something different has improved ? 
  yeah , i can imagine that getting european car parts is a pain now , i am wondering how the audi/bmw/mercedes-sellers are handling this . 
  true ... 
  i guess most western citizens are complacent nowadays . 
  we are too wealthy to care about bad politics , i guess . 
  no wonder how anti-euro/anti-eu-parties have become much more popular . 
  the people arent that stupid it seems . 
  most of the media coverage is biased , so its good to see this kind of observation in a major german news-site !, 
  if the media coverage would actually be neutral , i guess most europeans would start thinking different about the eu and the euro . 
  which is of course not in the interest of the eu or of most european governments . 
   best of luck greeks , when things starts falling apart ; we tried and we showed tremendous amount of patience . 
  if you write `` we tried '' , `` we showed tremendous amount of patience '' , have you actually done anything of that/have you actually had a choice to do anything of that ? 
  you elevate yourself to a gracious person , that did greece a favor . 
  i have the feeling , even when i read the news every day , its very hard to say what `` we '' ( the eu , not the europeans ) are doing with greece . 
  i got the feeling its not really about helping greece than trying to fix a broken system , which greece is the first part to fail in . 
  even without greece the euro cant succeed in its current form . 
  it all seems very easy and clear with the euro , but i think there are less benefits than problems with it . 
  yeah of course , i meant the historical point , the americans have beaten the british army , which was the strongest power at that time . 
  i dont really know much about the average american , but in my opinion ( due to history ) the americans would be the first to stand up against a bad government ( and they even have guns to do it ) . 
  especially germans are different in that regard ... 
  thats a thing in which most western countries are the same . 
  the people have quite good living standards , they have a job , they have kids and so on . 
  everyone lives in their own little world ( facebook , instagram help a lot ) and dont really care for politics . 
  another thing is that such things wont really affect most of the people directly , at least most people think that way . 
  but in germany its even worse , it seems our government can do what they wont , people just dont care . 
  thats quite low i would say . 
   i think it 's more accurate to say that the west does not value freedom as much any more . 
  so the people dont want freedom ? 
  is there a choice ? 
  or are you talking about our western governments not valueing freedom as much anymore ? 
  atleast they do vote . 
  imagine if they wouldnt , that would be embarrassing for the us government ... 
  perfectly true , but both did never really stand for freedom . 
  which the us clearly did . 
  its a shame what is happening with the eu . 
  does anyone actually still think the us of a stand for freedom ? 
  apart from americans ... 
  our education could be much better in some areas . 
  i dont like the cdu , but this sure was a super smart move from them . 
  the spd and greens look like idiots now . 
  and the cdu stole the momentum the afd was just about to gain . 
  but i am sure there will be more to happen , the spd needs to counter this . 
  i guess they will just agree to a debate with the afd etc. 
  thats what our media wants us to think : /, 
  good job norway , you guys are the true mvp !, 
  i am with you that some drugs should be legal . 
  but just google for desomorphine , nobody should take that stuff and it rightfully is illegal . 
  there is a difference between weed and hard drugs of course . 
  but just google for desomorphine , you really want the government to sell that shit/make it legal ?? 
  it was just an example how universal and therefore bad his point was . 
  and by drugs , i did mean hard drugs , that are illegal for a reason . 
  with that argument the government should start selling drugs . 
   always takes a tragedy to do something thats blindingly obvious . 
  merkel is always like this , she will only do something when its already too late . 
  nevertheless nobody can deny that the usa/nato is quite dominant worldwide . 
  more dominant then any other country . 
  [ worldmap ] ( https://socioecohistory.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/russia_wants_war_look_how_closely_they_put_country_to_our_military_bases.jpg ), 
  just because the gas comes from another pipeline , does n't mean it will be more than before . 
  by the way , its not only germany who wants north stream 2 . 
  some people around here seem to be unreasonable . 
  you 're confusing the german export industry with germany in general . 
  but to answer your point , germany needs a strong eu that is able to buy german stuff . 
  i guess we would sell less , if for example france economy shrinks . 
  what is defacto weakening the euro zone , is the euro ( currency ) itself , which heavily favors the german export by being that cheap . 
  i think it would be better if either germany leaves the euro or some weaker economies like spain or greece for example . 
  to get the have a smaller delta in economic strength in the euro zone . 
  think about it , germany will benefit from a strong eu , not from the opposite . 
  just curious , are you doing this for some kind of study/work ? 
  the usa is smart by dividing europe on different matters . 
  it may seem to you that they help ee countries , but they only help themselves in the long run . 
  i guess what you mean is that the [ saceur ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_50110.htm ) is always an us commander . 
  i think coal wo n't be radioactive as long as nuclear waste will be , so thats the difference which makes the disposal of used coal easier . 
  but of course i would be happier if we dont use coal in the first place . 
  unfortunately the usa seems to be on quite another level when it comes to this kind of things . 
  i 've read a good book about similar cases , called : corporations are not people, 
  people in charge should be made responsible for such a stupid mistake , which costs millions of euros to correct . 
  unfortunately thats not how it works apparently . 
  there have been made some attempts in germany ( i think its called `` asse '' ) were they deployed that stuff in steel barrels , which are now oxidating because water broke into the mine . 
  apparantly the people in charge were too stupid to think about that possibility and refused to use stainless steel .
