  yes i know , i just wanted to state my appreciation about that newspaper . 
  i was referring mainstream to that he will be invited to talk shows and such . 
  and his opinions are quite popular . 
  ah ok , i thought it was about the soviet union , but did n't know radio free europe . 
  yeah its true , this sub is full of hypocrites . 
  we europeans will always talk about how much propaganda is in russia , when we are too intelligent to notice our own ( the point is there is propaganda on both sides ) . 
  even though it is very simple to see how biased europe really is towards the usa , while the usa is the biggest thread to world peace imo . 
  i think augstein is a cool guy and such , but he is quite mainstream . 
  * der freitag * on the other hand is quite a good read though , with a lot of free writers that have a broad mix of opinions , quite the opposite to most normal newspapers unfortunately . 
  true , the amount has increased . 
  but people have to realize that there are individuals that are just fucked up . 
  when you browse fb ( or any social network ) you can read stuff from the biggest scumbags that you would never talk to in real life . 
  the event you described is disgusting , but so is the world . 
  it wo n't change some peoples mind , when their hate speech will now be deleted more or less immediately . 
  i think hate speech in social networks should be easier to punish by the justice system ( on a case by case system , only for extreme violations ) and facebook should be 18 + . 
  it is true that the tone on facebook ( esp . 
  in the comment section ) is quite rough . 
  i think most people will write stupid stuff based on emotions without caring for other opinions . 
  thats why i try to not participate in the comment section and avoid to read it . 
  of course there are some reasonable exceptions . 
  i think there are some similarities between reddit and fb in that regard , but i think , in / europe for example , people will be more reasonable as those who are writing here are for that reason here/are dedicated to this subreddit , which is the main difference to facebook were basically everyone could see a random topic , to rage about . 
  without the intend for a beneficial discussion . 
  i hope you understand what i want to say . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i do n't get the context to my comment : / edit : this is a serious question , but i see why people would still downvote . 
  i dont really care though , 
  of course laws should be enforced in general . 
  but i think its quite obvious that this is only a reaction to the huge controversy the so called `` refugee crisis '' brought to the table . 
  i guess there was ( german ) hate speech on fb before 2015 , nobody cared about it . 
  like how could someone care about stupid facebook comments to begin with , there are stupid people writing stupid things , who cares ? 
  i think the idea itself is good , to prevent hate speech and such , which are rightfully not covered by free speech . 
  but it is hard to implement and can be abused easily , thats why i am against it . 
  also i think the guy who advocates for it , heiko maas , is a joke . 
  they are literally implementing this , because some idiots wrote hate comments to a television anchor that is pro refugee . 
  i have to say , only a german could care about facebook comments ... 
  so first of all , its not the only way . 
  secondly its not very efficient is it ? 
  i mean it hurts the russian economy , thats true . 
  but the sanctions have n't achieved much else . 
  you could argue that they made the fights between the rebels and the ukrainian army stop . 
  the point is , after russia lost their ally in ukraine , their main goal , to secure their naval base is achieved and will not be reverted in the near future . 
  so at the moment the sanctions are hurting russia and also a little bit europe . 
  [ i guess we have to thank the us government for helping us to impose them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdrbzk0ltvy ) i have to say though , it was a masterpiece of propaganda , how this whole ukraine-crisis and the sanctions were sold by the media and politicians . 
  i guess the us does n't need such methods : [ covert united states foreign regime change actions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions ) . 
  a puppet government will do just fine . 
  i think its quite funny to expect he is funding all of those parties . 
  they started somewhat serious as a anti euro ( currency ) and conservative party , but are now quite on the right side of things . 
  they get more and more voters with the current situation though . 
  i still think merkel should have the next vote in the bag , sadly . 
   the eu is a competitor with russia . 
  it is substantially-larger than russia . 
  it is very much in russia 's interests to have it break up . 
  that does n't seem particularly controversial . 
   on the other hand , i do n't know exactly how enthusiastic those governments would actually be about russia when in power -- supporting political parties is a very blunt tool . 
  usa also profits from a split up eu . 
  i guess he is just supporting any opposing party isnt he ? 
  true that . 
  and as if the usa arent interested and involved in splitting the eu , because they fear a strong and united eu ( which will never happen unfortunately ) . 
  he didnt used chemical weapons . 
  [ the rebels did . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/may/6/syrian-rebels-used-sarin-nerve-gas-not-assads-regi/ ), 
  i would really like that !, 
  but could be earlier ... 
   literally nothing that russia does is for anything other than political games . 
  thats just what every somewhat big nation does . 
  true . 
  as i said , calling someone evil depends on the site your on . 
  if you want to explain the world by saying , they are evil , we are good , thats fine . 
  but its not very accurate , thats for sure . 
  and this is not only true for the case of isis . 
  edit : of course there are some people i would call evil as well , the point is i would never generalize that on a big group or nation states . 
   people who want to gun other people down and blow up their bodies are n't doing it because of some social scientific model of instability . 
  they are doing it because they are evil . 
  i think they have the same thoughts about all the nations that waged war in the middle east . 
  calling someone evil is just propaganda , from either side . 
  its much easier to make people kill someone , when they think that person is evil . 
  i dont want to excuse anything with this , i am far from that . 
  but to explain those actions , by calling someone evil is just stupid . 
   do you think that isis is the result of a complicated series of geopolitical and social problems ? 
  yes . 
  i think those were a minor reason on that regard . 
  so the close relation , between schr\u00f6der and putin , did not actually affect that particular decision , like you kind of implied with your `` i do n't want to annoy putin '' quote in an earlier post . 
  some people around here seem to live in a different reality . 
  of course countries will act in their favor first , thats what citizens vote for . 
  thanks to our american partners , russia has not much influence in germany/the eu . 
  no need to exaggerate that article . 
  generally speaking nation states are always going after their interests first . 
  of course it is nice to combine solidarity and interests , but its not always possible . 
  but actually vice-chancellor gabriel stated that he would like the current pipeline , through ukraine , to remain operational . 
  so i do n't know what your concerns are ? 
  or are you concerned about germany lifting sanctions ? 
   hence while the german public and many ( even most ) members of the spd were against involvement in iraq out of idealistic reasons , i think one can make a good case that schr\u00f6der , and hence people close to him , wanted nothing to do with iraq due to his friendship with putin and his respect for russian interests . 
  would you say that schr\u00f6der would have acted different , if he didnt have close ties to putin back then ? 
  because i dont know what you want to state here , if not . 
  apart from `` idealistic reasons '' ( it is morally wrong to invade a country ) , todays situation with is shows how wrong that decision was ( to invade iraq ) , so there were also logical reasons to be against it . 
  at least it has gotten better in that regard . 
  i guess it will be quite popular #freedom, 
  it actually happened . 
  yes , he is funding them , i guess he wants to get rid of the puppet government and their nato plans .
