  from one day to another millions of people had nothing . 
  thats why it was the biggest crash in the 20th century for a russian . 
  he didnt mean catastrophe = very bad thing : if you would view it this way , he would put the end of the udssr higher as the 2 . 
  world war , which would be a dump thing in russia ( as russia lost around 20 mio . 
  people ) . 
  dont get fooled by media . 
   russia/ussr has done them exactly the same , if not worse , during the same time . 
  all the eastern european countries in 1945-1946 ( poland example , but every country had similar coups ) , hungary in 1956 or in czechoslovakia in 1968 , not to forget about the annexation of the baltics . 
  i didnt know most of that , always good to learn something more . 
  i wonder how long it takes until west-european teachers will teach this to the children ... edit : i think you should try to distinguish between udssr and ru , as you distinguished between nazi-germany and brd . 
   not at all . 
  they were `` a people 's revolution against a russian-backed corrupt government '' . 
  countries trying as hard as they can to reject russia and get closer to the west . 
  exactly what ukraine was doing . 
  so you say this government is less corrupt ? 
  i guess not . 
  it was not about rejecting russia , that should be clear . 
  russia was the number one trade partner of ukraine , without russia there is no ukrainian economy ( future will show ) . 
  people wanted that trade deal with the eu , which wasnt easy to realize ( because ukraine and russia already had a tax free zone ) . 
  when that eu-ukraine trade deal would have become reality , what does the ukraine produce that the eu need ? 
  - right , not much . 
  the ukrainian market would have been flooded with tax free , cheap european goods . 
  so there were a lot of things to consider for the janukowich administration . 
  everything after that is history . 
   all those are bad but : they are not annexations . 
  they are interventions to change the government of a country with a friendlier government , not to steal territory from another country . 
  beating a person is bad , killing them is worse . 
  i think its worse to cause over half a million death people for gaining control over some oil fields in iraq , than to annex crimea , where most people are positive about that outcome . 
  see it as you like , but that is my opinion . 
  and i think its ridiculous to not impose sanctions against the us for starting the iraq war , but to impose sanctions against russia for their actions in ukraine . 
  both were not right , you choose which was worse . 
  the point is our double standards towards actions of the us . 
  if we sanction everyone for warcrimes ( or for spying on our government ) the same , i am fine with that . 
  as long as we ( the europeans ) treat russia and the usa different , its just a joke . 
  our polticians can talk as long as they want , everyone notices this hypocrite bullshit what they call `` western values '' . 
   two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  the fact that some countries have made mistakes in the past does n't mean that they can not protest against wrongdoing in the present . 
  germany invading poland in 1939 does n't give poland the right to invade germany ( or an neighbor ) in 2015 . 
  basically no country on earth is blameless . 
  you got me wrong , read what i wrote above this . 
   and i can give you a reasoning why it was totally democratic . 
  unless one of us provides proof , we wo n't get anywhere . 
  you could also probably give a detailed reasoning why the 1989 changes in poland , hungary , cz , and east germany were us-backed . 
  you know that those events are totally different from the ukrainian-crisis . 
   re-read that sentence again and give me the examples if you please . 
  i guess it sounds weird as i wrote it , i meant : they will only do stuff for gaining more power , with democracy/freedom being a side effect ( sometimes the opposite of democracy and freedom ) . 
  examples : [ 1953 iranian coup d'\u00e9tat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) | [ 1973 chilean coup d'\u00e9tat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1973_chilean_coup_d%27%c3% ) | [ iraq war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war )  where they happy ? 
  have they invaded cuba and annexed the territory ? 
  hell no . 
  totally different . 
  there was no reason for annexing territory as there was nothing valuable for the us on cuban soil . 
  and the us would have invaded cuba , but the crisis was resolved before that happened . 
  im not here to apologise/reason about the russian annexation ( call it as you like ) of crimea . 
  i just think there were bigger warcrimes in the past , with much less outcry in the western politics/media . 
  which doesnt make it reasonable or better , but it lets me question the sanctions against russia for annexing crimea . 
  okay , that sounds good . 
  i think despite all actions of foreign governments you should never hate the people itself , you should only blame them ( if you think they could change the situation ) . 
  i think even a blind person would have seen how this regime-change was us-backed . 
  i can give you a detailed reasoning for that statement if you want . 
  governments/presidents of big powers will always do whats possible to keep or increase their influence in the world/in their `` neighborhood '' that should be pretty clear and easy to understand . 
  there is no other reason for some political actions than to increase their power/influence ( influence = power ) . 
  they will never do stuff for freedom/democracy ( propaganda ) in the first place . 
  i can give you examples on this if you want . 
  did the usa accept the communist government in cuba ? 
  no , i think this should be clear . 
  thanks for the detailed answer . 
  of course you can always find stupid posts from both `` sides '' . 
  i 'm not an expert but i think russia today is not the same as udssr . 
  i think that russia really suffered hard from losing the cold war , thats why some russians have a lot of bad impressions/feelings about the west and thats also why they dont take responsibility for their mistakes in the past . 
  of course they should take responsibility for the things you mentioned . 
  ( i have to say i am jealous of your formatting skills ), 
  i think it made perfect sense for russia to attack the ukraine ( and to support the ukrainian opposition/rebels ) . 
  they kept their military base in sevastopol and they showed that they wont accept any regime-change in their `` backyard '' ( ukraine was russias biggest ally before the us-backed regime-change ) . 
  of course at big cost for russia , but also for europe ( actually the usa was the only one to profit from the ukraine crisis ) . 
  putin stated it a few times that he wont accept any nato influence in georgia and ukraine ( as this would be a threat to russia , just like the us wont accept any pro-russian governments in canada , mexico or cuba for example ) . 
  poland and the baltics are nato countries , so russia cant lose its influence in those countries , cause it has none . 
  ukraine was different in that regard . 
  i dont think it would make sense for russia to attack poland . 
  thanks for the good answer !, 
  i am trying to have a balanced view on the us and russia . 
  it is important to hear different views from different countries , because most of the german press and our politicians are heavily biased towards the us ( in my opinion ) . 
  why do polish people hate russia more than germany ? 
  this is a serious question . 
  what this shield provides is this : if there would be a nuclear war between the nato and ru , it would enable the us to strike first against russia , without having to fear a couter-strike . 
  this shield could be capable of holding back the remaining nukes , that werent destroyed by the first strike . 
  thats why it doesnt matter if it is capable of holding back all russian nukes . 
  but of course this is just theory and will probably/hopefully never happen . 
  this is like jared , from bloodhoung gang , staying in berlin as long as george w. bush was still in power . 
  i agree with you . 
  the thing is its not working fine for us * . 
  do n't get me wrong , the euro is working better for us then for any other country in the ez ( in the eu the euro has helped poland and romania to elevate their economy ) . 
  but actually even if we are one of the most productive countries in the ez , real wages have not increased in germany . 
  even if prices are rising for years now , this is a slow process . 
  we are much better off then most of the ez-countries , of course . 
  but i think the average german would have benefitted if we had kept our own currency ( people will always buy porsche ) . 
  and now the ez has this `` cheap '' euro , with the germans being the most productive , which actually helps nobody ( but gives double advantage for german export ) . 
  when there is no improvement for german workers , how can there be an improvement for other europeans ? 
  the euro can not succeed with 18 countries in the ez , it just makes no sense to have it . 
  how could have any politician believed that 18 ( totally different ) countries can be successful with one currency ? 
  i think we have a crisis since a few years now , without many reforms ( that helped ) .
