as much as i dislike this kind of policy in general , but i would argue that ignoring it is actually the best way to deal with it . 
  ( while increasing the bnds independency maybe ) no its not the best way , its the easiest way to deal with it . 
  after snowden released his information what did they accomplish ? 
  nothing . 
  i think quite a lot of people would feel good about our leaders getting the truth out about this . 
  i know that democratic leaders have to lie sometimes ( there is a book about that matter by john mearsheimer ) , but they shouldnt lie all the time imo . 
   and you base this on your knowledge of a non released treaty ? 
  good job !, 
  so first of all , there is some leaked information . 
  and i dont really get your point , all negotiations happened `` behind closed doors '' , with the big industry players directly involved . 
  i dont think it will be fully released to the public until its too late . 
  this alone makes me quite confident about my statement . 
  if theres nothing to hide , disclose it for the public . 
  and we , as in we the people , dont need ttip . 
  it will only help big companies to lower costs by cutting standards etc. 
  if you do believe in that `` it will create more jobs ! '', 
  bs , take a look at nafta on that regard . 
  i understand your lack of optimism on that matter , its quite reasonable i guess . 
  the thing that annoys me is how our government just wants to stop talking about the nsa , about snowden and about spying . 
  its like the dont care at all . 
  if its ( literally ) not possible to end spying on citizens , then tell us . 
  but they dont tell us anything apart from lies ( `` no spy treaty '' ) . 
   europe is not a superpower of intelligence . 
  if you read my sentence again , thats what i said . 
  europe in generell is capable to stand up to the us , even russia is as the recent past has shown . 
  the thing is , like all things europe , to find a consent on that matter . 
  if they wo n't accept basic rules , there should be consequences . 
   ttip does not violate our fundamental rights . 
  he is saying that if we ca n't get an agreement about spying and privacy ( of citizens ; which is a `` basic right '' ) , why should we try to come to an consent about such a complex thing like ttip . 
  ttip is bullshit btw , 
  its quite easy , germany could use its influence in the eu to stop all negotiations about ttip until this issue is resolved in a normal manner . 
  also germany could use sanctions against us companies/us in general ( in the intelligence sector for example ) . 
  she could have initiated a bnd ( german intelligence agency ) that can work without the help of the usa , in the sense that in blocks spying from the nsa rather than helping them doing it . 
  even if this would n't lead to the end of spying in the first place ( there will always be spying ) , it would set a precedent of an uprising against us hegemony in europe and could motivate other governments to do the same . 
  how she handled this situation until now is not acceptable imo . 
  europe is an economic superpower but it lacks to defend its own laws and principles ... 
  a quite interesting move . 
  i should keep an eye on that . 
   and stop with the anecdotal evidence . 
  i 'm originally from egypt and i know more muslims than you will ever know . 
  i know there are a lot of good hearted people but i am capable of dissociating people from the religion and ideology . 
  maybe i am from egypt as well ? 
  maybe you should stop with the `` anecdotal evidence '' . 
  i never stated my opinion is the only truth . 
  you should n't take everything too serious , its reddit . 
   naive and stupid . 
  you clearly lack an understanding of these situations . 
  you can start by read this . 
  i will give it a read later , even though `` the atlantic '' seems not like the most balanced news source for that kind of stuff . 
  my point was : if you have war all the time ( which is caused by western forces to some extend ) how can your society and your culture develop ? 
  those people , in the middle east , live like we did in the middle age . 
  thats why they have such a dependency on their religion , just as europeans had back then ( we also did a lot of bad/stupid stuff back then ) . 
  without peace there will be no progress , so you can blame the west to some extend for that situation . 
  i know a lot of muslims that are believing in their religion and are living their culture ( to some extend ) who are really nice people . 
  i jumped my conclusion , 
  the point is that there is still war in the middle east , while south korea had peace for a loooong time . 
  and the second point is that you ca n't blame islam in its whole for extremism , just as you do n't blame christianity for the kukluxklan . 
  true , i made the wrong conclusion . 
  what i thought was : there would be no isis ( as we have it now ) without the us , so they are the only one to blame . 
  which is not the full truth i guess . 
  you are right , the us is the only one to blame for the isis terror . 
  whats wrong with you ? 
  thats only half of the story . 
  yeah , i guess he is just annoyed that the eu has no independent foreign policy . 
  a very one sided conclusion . 
  yes , but one can clearly tell that we are as well governed by capitalism . 
  which has little to do with shared interest of all citizens . 
  i guess he is making fun of obama with this . 
  i think thats the standard `` putin is the next hitler '' - propaganda of our days and ages . 
  and i can understand that its a sensitive topic for you . 
  but you should know that there is propaganda on both sides , not only on russia today , but also in the western media . 
  nope . 
  saying something wasnt as bad as something else , is not saying that it was ok . 
  i just wanted to state my opinion . 
  no discussion needed . 
  but thanks for the nice discussion we had , even though its a bit late now ... 
  i guess we have different opinions on that topic . 
  by the way you can really change the meaning of quotes around , if context is not correct or the context is changed . 
  i guess the media is full of them , from all kinds of politicians . 
  btw do you never sleep ? 
   you might be right ( it 's a complex topic ) , but the correct action would be to sanction the usa , not to withdraw the sanctions against russia . 
  i said i am fine with sanctions for both . 
  if our politicians want to use our high moral standards as the reason ( i call this bullshit ) , its the only way to go . 
   not really . 
  most eu countries are in nato and therefore the us is an ally . 
  you treat allies differently than `` neutral '' countries . 
  the us has proven twice that they are willing to go to war to help their european allies , that kind of grants them a special treatment . 
  maybe it 's not morally right , but it 's the reality . 
  that 's why i said before it 's a very complex topic . 
  and in no way means that what russia is doing is ok . 
  it just excuses belarus and kazakhstan from denouncing russia ( they are russia 's allies ) . 
  i never said its ok what russia is doing . 
  i said the us is doing same or worse stuff ( imo ) and will get away with it . 
  and as our ally the usa can do whatever they want ? 
  i guess you want to say that . 
  they can have their torture prisons and whatnot in good old europe , they can control their drones from german soil , to kill some inocent muslims and they can spy on my government from their embassy . 
  without having to fear anything . 
  i call this a hegemony . 
  he did mean catastrophe like a big crash . 
  it was a big crash , everything crashed , economy and society .
