  even though this thing is a salt mine ... 
  there are other reasons behind that decision as well , one would be the storage of nuclear waste being difficult/expensive . 
  i think its the same in both directions . 
   i ca n't respect spineless governments . 
  unfortunately germanys government is one of them . 
  i have no information about that , but i guess most countries just would n't vote against the us , as they have big influence on them . 
  and i think those votes need to be 100 % votes , so some countries will just vote in favor of the majority just to not piss the others off . 
   well , nato is mostly europe , so why does europe want to expand it ? 
  afaik the usa have the biggest power in nato . 
  i understand what you are talking about . 
  but sometimes i have the feeling that our government will ignore stuff for a political reason and then react when its already late and there is no other choice ( `` alternativlos '' ) . 
  which has nothing to do with the democratic system being slow taking decisions . 
  actually since we have the `` big coalition '' they should be/are faster than normal doing stuff imo . 
  it should n't work that way . 
  unfortunately our government approaches every problem that way ... 
  i guess only time can tell what will happen ... 
  i wish you a nice christmas and relaxing holidays !, 
   if you want to be a boss , think about your subjects happiness first . 
  first of all , i never claimed that germany is any kind of `` boss '' in europe , you started that . 
  and i guess nobody would want that , due to historic reasons . 
  germany has a strong economy , but our politicians are far from being impressive , so maybe you should lower your expectations ( i do n't like merkels policies at all ) . 
  i think every country has to contribute to keep europe united . 
  it is nothing special that an eu-member still has some kind of its own agenda . 
  and btw europe has never been as united as it is now and i think germany has done its part to make that happen . 
  although i would say the eu is far from perfect in its current state ( by lacking democracy on the base level for example ) . 
  the keywoard here is lobbyism . 
  everyone having a non mainstream opinion = putin-shill #democracy, 
  to be clear , when i say they are mostly not based on morale , i mean they are based on strategic purposes or lobbying interests for example . 
  of course if you look at the constitution of a democratic state , its all about morale and to serve the nation . 
  i am criticizing that most politicians argue with moral ( or similar things ) but act for other reasons . 
  most people may not notice this all the time . 
  the people are n't stupid , so why not tell them the truth ? 
  ot : is english your first language ? 
  unfortunately economic growth , may it based on selfishness , is very important in a capitalist world . 
  i guess those actions are not in conflict with the ongoing sanctions . 
  it was indeed cynical , sorry for that . 
  i should have been more clear : most political decisions are not based on morale in the first place . 
  and i am not happy about that . 
  you know that politics are not about morale or anything like that , right ? 
  i dont make the rules . 
  being the junior partner of the us in a nutshell . 
   russia has many , there is no way to stop them all with a shield system like this . 
  you are right thats not the purpose . 
  it would still be quite capable to neutralize any second strike capability of russia , in case of a war though . 
  thats why russia is angry about it . 
  sometimes it takes some unpopular decisions to be a boss . 
  just dont be naive guys . 
  those sanctions were bs anyway . 
  of course the eu and the usa benefit a lot from each other . 
  there are good reasons to advocate for good relations . 
  what i am talking about , are people/groups that have an agenda being pro-usa . 
  they dont care whats happening , they just have this mindset like in the cold war ( cold-warriors ) . 
  which will not result in anything good . 
  and dont get me wrong , i am not saying we should n't be pro-usa , we should be pro-russia instead . 
  thats stupid . 
  we should be more neutral and base our decisions on good reasoning . 
  the eu is the biggest economy on the planet , why ca n't we be more independent ? 
  of course then we have the huge dependency on you guys in terms of military and safety in general ( thanks nsa ) . 
  i dont think thats good for us , we should be more independent in that regard , while still being a partner with the us . 
  but with the same rights , because right now i have the feeling that the eu has no independent/has no sovereign foreign policy imo . 
  due to the lack of military power in the eu ( although its hard to reach us military power right now ) , usa gains more influence , which is a good thing for you guys i guess . 
  coming to your last part i have to say , i always believe , that having good relations and being honest and respectful to other nations will always result in more peaceful relations . 
  call me naive if you want . 
  right now relations with russia are still very bad , due to the ukraine-crisis . 
  but i think what lead to this crisis , was the lack of understanding ( willing to understand ) and the lack of respect towards russia . 
  our politicians all knew what would happen when we support the regime change in ukraine , but they didnt care if ukraine will be a failed stated as long as they will open their market to us eventually . 
  and they didnt care about taking one of russias main allies away from them . 
  [ a good read on that regard , by john mearsheimer . 
  ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/russia-fsu/2014-08-18/why-ukraine-crisis-west-s-fault ), 
  i guess the future is when capitalism and democracy wo n't exclude each other :d, 
  its really funny , because most of those countries have economic sanctions against russia as well . 
  when we do it , its reasonable . 
  but when russia does it , its emotional and irrational . 
  would you have liked them to start ww3 for that downed jet instead ? 
  only bad countries use lobbyism , thats why we hear only about russia doing it . 
  the point is , while there certanly are parties that would advocate for policies which might be beneficial for russia in some sort , its not their agenda to be pro-russian . 
  thats what differs them from being a ( huge ? ), 
  pro-russian lobby in europe . 
  of course you can declare any kind of opposition , that would have a different approach ( a more neutral approach than the usual pro-usa one ) towards russia , as their lobby . 
  for example , there is a party focused on economic growth , they would be contra sanctions because thats what their agenda is about . 
  i dont really know whats hard to understand about this basic principle of having a democratic system , with actually different opions and positions . 
  i 'm not saying there is no pro-russian lobby , i 'm saying it is neglicible compared to the us-lobby . 
  if you havent noticed yet , the eu is the biggest us shill on the planet . 
  we can not allow people to be pro-russian and get away with it . 
   too bad the system there is based on short term monetary gain unfortunately thats how capitalism works . 
  doesnt really make fracking any better tbh . 
  i think there is always some kind of a political background when someone `` big '' ( i.e. 
  with much influence ) faces a trial for something they have done in the past ... 
  i guess it takes some criminal energy to be considered at the imf . 
  i am not a fan of our refugee policy either . 
  ( for clarification , i have nothing against us citizens . ), 
  nope , not gon na happen . 
  russians are proud people , they would not accept such actions . 
  you know , there are some people that would rather live in poverty than to change their mind only because europe wants it that way . 
  the only one that profits from the sanctions are primarily the us and secondary china/asia . 
  [ joe biden on that regard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdrbzk0ltvy ), 
  i think we would kill the russian economy with that . 
  one reason why we dont do it , if there will be poverty and such in russia , there could be a much more extreme government like the one we have in north korea . 
  nobody would want that . 
  even though everyone says `` putin is evil '' , everyone does know that he is not insane .
