  violent crime and organized gangs are two different things though , no ? 
  i live in northern europe . 
  we have the occasional group of 15 year old neo nazis form , but i ca n't really say i 've seen other criminal gangs of white kids . 
  does it happen ? 
  not trying to be an asshole , but it 's nowkiss.jpg, 
  you do n't think you can have a will based on wrong or lacking information ? 
  i do n't think we can say a society is democratic or not , but rather that there are democratic processes in a society , for example with referendums and elections . 
  but you can still have democracy ( rule of the people ) without the people being well informed enough . 
  it 's like asking if you can make decisions without knowing enough ; yes you can , but it 's not a good idea . 
   the voters ability to make informed decisions is absolutely vital for a democracy what makes you believe this ? 
  there 's a chinese reddit ?!, 
  is there a russian one as well ? 
  why not just make the rule : lets never go to war ? 
  exactly !, 
  you 're writing , but you 're not producing anything worthwhile , so what good is it as a benchmark for something being good or not ? 
   sometime keyword . 
  norway confirms similar behavior . 
  why would it make more sense that the chinese inspired the greeks than the greeks inspiring the chinese ? 
  i did n't use tall buildings as a measurement for anything . 
  i jumped in mid-convo . 
  but we do n't know . 
  you might underestimate the greeks influence and how eurocentric the world really is as well - right ? 
  well , yes . 
  kill those who actively tries to take away the sovereignty of a nation . 
  like russians who invaded crimea or isis members with western passports . 
  russia is pretty cool and all , but that whole crimea thing was very unnecessary . 
  i know it 's wrong , but i 'm surprisingly positive about this . 
  history of norway would be one . 
  i do n't prefer russians over * usa * . 
  i prefer russians over americans . 
  and my reason is that russians kill less people than americans do . 
  also they invade less countries . 
  it 's not a complicated matter . 
  we live in a world were it would be impossible to not be dependent on other countries . 
  we are currently dependent on both the us and russia . 
  i do n't spend time wishing for it to be different because it is a waste of time . 
  i do wish we were more dependent on russia compared to our dependence on the us . 
  i do n't prefer being invaded . 
  i have stated so several times now . 
  it is not something you seem to pick up on as you keep bringing it up . 
  i do not want russia to occupy norway . 
  i also do n't believe they 'll occupy norway . 
  we currently do host american soldiers here though , and we have quite a bit of american equipment stored here , such as tanks and what not . 
  i wish we did not , as it only helps the americans with their warmongering tactics . 
  why you prefer the most warmongering country on the planet to those that are less warmongering remains unexplained at this point in time , but you did mentioned that your family disliked russians - so all i have to base your objections towards russians being preferential to americans is that you 're unable to think differently than your family does . 
  which is a doctrine i disagree with . 
  i said i prefer russians to americans at this point , and as you 've pointed out : we are not occupied by americans , so why would you equate me preferring russians to americans as a me thinking russian occupation is a good thing ? 
  you 're putting words in my mouth , which is far from having a civil discussion . 
  that 's dishonest of you . 
  how am i not conducting a civil discussion with you ? 
  yes . 
  i am civil . 
  you ca n't be ? 
  america made their stupid decision with bush as well . 
  and let 's not forget all the acts of war they 've done since the 1970s and until now . 
  bush , obama , trump ... it 's not about them . 
  it 's the fact that the american culture is heavily focused on committing terrible acts for the benefit of americans . 
  these terrible acts have benefited me as well - not doubt . 
  but that was a side effect . 
  the terrible acts could just as well have been done to me if it benefits the us . 
  would putin do similar things ? 
  sure - no doubt about it . 
  but we ca n't even begin to compare the extent that the us has done so to what putin-russia has done . 
  crimea was not cool , but neither was iraq , afghanistan , south-america , and all the other terrible things the us has done . 
  they 're both bad . 
  it 's just that the us is much , much , much worse though . 
  and a small country like norway - has - to deal with them . 
  why should we get into bed with the worst of them ? 
  why do you feel the need to suggest i want to do any sexual activity towards putin ? 
  maybe you should take a time out from reddit for the day ? 
  at least - try - to have a civil discussion . 
  do n't let your familiy 's hatred towards russia go out on me . 
  i was not involved in it at all . 
  wished ? 
  yes , we are heading in the right direction in my opinion already . 
  i would n't . 
  but i would prefer to be as friendly towards russia as we are towards the us , and as unfriendly towards the us as we are towards russia . 
  the point is n't that russia is good . 
  i 'd rather have russians than americans at this point . 
  do dutch people consider themselves northern european ? 
  is n't it more a part of western europe ? 
  they invented siesta . 
  i 'm saying not all muslims want to murder gays . 
  do your honestly believe so ? 
  yes , but word of god should be fairly holy and bulletproof . 
  why did we decide we were better than the word of god ? 
  i mean , i know the answer . 
  but it baffles me why it does n't occur to people that the second you start to question the word of an almighty god that you 're going in the wrong direction , or that it 's not really the actual word of god . 
  it ca n't be summarized in a reddit comment chain ? 
  why ? 
  if everyone in the middle east supported hanging gay men from the roof then why did n't he just do it himself ? 
  the fact is that there are plenty of people in the middle east that think exactly like your christian friends . 
  no idea , and race is very undefined - but hair color , skin color , eye color could be a good start . 
  if we could start dna-testing everyone it would be even better . 
  i agree , but then the information is not the problem . 
  the problem is what willfully ignorant people do with that information . 
  by not saving that information we ourselves stay ignorant of knowledge . 
  your way is a sort of censorship , and i fundamentally believe that is much worse . 
  there is no such thing as bad knowledge . 
  i do n't agree that discrimination is objectively bad .
