i disagree . 
   in more recent years the use of mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) and y-dna chromosomal markers has offered the opportunity for clarification of the origin of the sami . 
  while their mtdna haplogroup distribution overwhelmingly represents a subset of the european gene-pool , the most common y-dna haplogroup among the sami is widely believed to be of eurasian origin and very common among all peoples in northeastern europe . 
  the second most common haplogroup is i , which is found almost exclusively among those of european ancestry . 
  thus the sami appear to have a complex population history , suggesting a mixture of peoples arriving in fenno-scandia at different times , from different directions . 
  strangely , this small admixture of peoples has also remained homogeneous within the saami for several millenniums thereafter . 
  * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_sami, 
  we have similar things in place regarding the sami people , but i do n't really know the details of this . 
  are you saying we should have something like that for romanians ? 
  it makes sense there is a bigger cultural differences within romania considering its geographical location - especially compared to norway . 
  we 're a small outlying province . 
  the example of the sami and roma people still stands though , as the sami people also migrated , and came to norway after the southerners were there . 
  they look different , have a different language , and a different culture . 
  they 're still norwegian though . 
  the ones in norway come from romania , which makes them romanians the way i see it . 
  my friends and colleagues from romania really , really do n't identify with the beggars , but they fact is that they have citizenship from the same country . 
  the beggars consider themselves roma , but that does n't mean they 're not romanians . 
  it would be like saying samis in norway are n't norwegians . 
  it is true that us norwegians do n't treat romanian beggars very kindly , and i 'm not surprised we would be labeled as racists because of it - but i do n't see why we should give certain tourists representation in the parliament . 
  i am also quite certain that romanians are not blocked from universities . 
  central america as well . 
  i 'm sure there will be some changes , or it would not be news . 
  what 's the effects of this happening ? 
  these places you talk about needs workers and guests to be nice . 
  you have an issue with the chicken and the egg . 
  besides ... people move to stockholm even though gothenburg also has decent restaurants , clubs and so on . 
  price to income ratio is usually the interesting aspect , but here the company is fairly international based and could inflate salaries to adjust that aspect . 
  sure !, 
  but who would like to live there ? 
  rental prices in sf seems to be beyond fucked , but buying is n't that much different it seems : http://www.numbeo.com/property-investment/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+states&amp;country2=sweden&amp;city1=san+francisco%2c+ca&amp;city2=stockholm, 
  hot milk with a few drops of coffee in them is n't really coffee though . 
  being together in actions is sort of the point of a union . 
  we could , for example , start to single out people from mississippi having extra requirements to enter eu , but we do n't as they 're part of these united states across the ocean . 
  degrees ? 
  what dimension are you from ? 
   but the official anthem , `` s\u00f8nner av norge '' does in fact not mention the word `` blood '' but this is not official either . 
  we have no official song . 
   s\u00f8nner av norge ( originally s\u00f8nner af norge , literally `` sons of norway '' ) is the common title of the anthem norsk nationalsang ( literally , `` norwegian national anthem '' ) , which was the de facto national anthem of norway from 1820 until the early 20th century . 
  from the mid-1860s , ja , vi elsker dette landet gradually came to occupy the unofficial position as national anthem , but was used alongside s\u00f8nner af norge until the early 20th century , with s\u00f8nner af norge being preferred in official situations . 
  privacy ? 
  lol , what year is this . . ? 
  we left that behind . 
  it gives the entity of eu a tool to enforce rules on a privately owned company . 
  eu is n't a country , but there is absolutely an idea of `` being european '' in the works , which supports the nationalism aspect . 
  you have some good points though . 
  yeah , how has this nothing to do with nationalism or authoritarianism ? 
  i kinda like both of those , so do n't get me wrong . 
  snow is an issue . 
  hehe , i think i got it . 
  what are your thoughts on albania ? 
  it 's not `` they as well '' - it was a vote and they fucked it up . 
  it 's the people of the uk that caused this mess . 
  it 's not funny at all . 
  we watch it because it 's tradition to watch it . 
  i see the principle , but if you live in wales then i do n't see the difference between someone in london or brussels setting the rules . 
  not believing in gods tends to put the idea of israel in a invading perspective . 
  what exactly is an antisemit , and semit ? 
  is there some truth in this ? 
  catalans vs galicians vs basques and so on ? 
  no big spanish nationalism going on , but rather regions ? 
  '' * it 's just a prank bro * '', 
  i completely understand - it 's a quite closed off society , and the prices are indeed quite high . 
  couple that with cold , dark and long winters it really makes no sense why people would move here . 
  i question why this place is even settled . 
  i have friends and family here so it makes sense for me to stay , but i probably would have left the country at this point had it not been for that ... 
  but some norwegians reading this will not agree with me . 
  many truly love it here , and enjoy the winter time even more than winters , and they do n't perceive society to be closed off either . 
  you can work in norway and get paid quite a lot , but under the table . 
   only individuals should have rights and equal rights at that . 
  i ca n't say i 've given this much thought in my life , but you really hit the nail on it 's head here . 
  this is exactly how it should be . 
  thanks , you really helped me open my mind here !, 
  i ca n't really convey how much your small sentence will affect me , but it really changed a few things . 
  that 's because it is [ dutch ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/schipper_mag_ik_overvaren%3f ) . 
  songified , simplified dutch/german mashup of [ salsa tequila ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77ms1ocidh4 ) . 
  sure , but you might not have much to export . 
  if you have a shitty economy it is great to switch to euros , but a strong economy suffers from it . 
  sure - but `` no . 
  getting twenty-something administrative organizations to cooperate efficiently might give some troubles that one administrative organization alone does not have . 
  but all of them will have some level of inefficiency and corruption and what not . 
  that 's a very insightful comment . 
  i ca n't understand how the americans ended up electing that man . 
  what a clear mistake from day one . 
  i should start learning russian . 
  just like that you go for `` no . '' ? 
  it 's not a combination of things ? 
  only the lack of r&d ? 
  and especially not due to administrative inefficiency ? 
  but a galician speaking galician ( native ) and spanish would then speak a foreign language - no ? 
  i understood the eu28 being a reference , but you can still compare countries to the average of eu for whatever reason . 
  the title still says european . 
  i did not go to the source . 
  i did - it still says european . 
  if i am wrong would you mind pointing it out to me ? 
  because [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/a/8gq5x ) is what i see . 
  yes , and like i said ; we are part of europe . 
  this graph supposedly shows information about europeans - not the european union . 
  but we are part of europe . 
  what are they then ? 
  blacks per capita versus whites per capita should be comparable if your hypothesis is true - no ?
