  [ the nordic coats of arms , at satwcomics ] ( https://satwcomic.com/coat-of-arms ), 
  the no side in the norwegian eu referendum of 1994 made it a real thing , or at least a 12 page pamphlet . 
  [ here 's the entire norwegian album/pamphlet : asteurix . 
  ] ( http://www.nb.no/nbsok/nb/f6c31c8e3f506552666c8fc57e16c4f6?lang=no#0 ) the link is to the norwegian national library where the whole text is available online , but i do n't know if it is avalaible abroad . 
  making the three coloured fields of the tricolor unequal in size rubs me the wrong way , but the idea is cool . 
  that 's not how the tragedy of accidental deaths work . 
  and to put it in context : it 's the `` ode to joy '' in the original german ( orig : `` an die freude '' ) , which is used as an anthem for the european union with the musical setting of beethoven . 
  *** betreten ***, 
  nah , there 's a lot more ( friendly and joking ) competition with sweden than denmark among norwegians today . 
  denmark are basically regarded as friends , with the only drawback being that they talk funny . 
  sweden is considered a rival , and losing to them at sports or being presented as worse than them in any way is considered bad . 
  use the 1658-1660 border . 
  good point . 
  if mountains were the only reason , then switzerland should be on the same end of the scale as norway , too . 
   large relatively flat arctic areas those are also very sparsely populated . 
  so while building the infrastructure for coverage is cheaper than in the mountains , you 'll have very few users to spread the cost on . 
  1 ) many consumers are morons . 
  your regulations need to consider that . 
  2 ) it also applies to consumers who are not stupid , but simply ca n't be bothered to figure it out . 
  `` energy class a , i do n't know what that means , but a is usually good , let 's buy it . '', 
  why is there such a huge difference between countries ? 
  infrastructrue bottlenecks ? 
  i thought the regulation was the same ( i.e. 
  eu regulation ) everywhere , is that not the case ? 
  please be real , please be real , please be real ... oh . 
  strong and stable, 
  and four of the countries on the map have a 25 % ( or more ) higher gdp than the uk . 
  why is that relative difference acceptable for richer countries , but unreasonable for poorer countries ? 
   both at the same time . 
  that would be france , belgium , netherlands and germany , or 4 out of 10 countries in this graphic . 
  the other six countries either have a significantly different gdp per capita , or are situated further away from the uk than other countries with comparable differences in gdp per capita to the uk , but poorer instead of richer . 
  there is , however , a criterium that * all * of these countries fullfill , they are the top 11 countries in the eu by gdp per capita . 
  i ca n't believe i did n't think of that , thanks . 
  i still do n't get the results of op , but i do get a much larger variation of suggestions . 
  note that i have never googled `` is xxx in the eu '' or something similar before . 
  it 's numbers from eurostat , so excluding non-eu countries is only to be expected . 
  that map does not show countries that are both geographically and economically similar , it shows countries that are economically similar , or richer , and ignores geography . 
  what 's the point i 'm missing then ? 
  the inequality between the poorest regions of the uk and london ? 
  that point is still emphasized in a misleading way by the data selection . 
   sweden and ireland are the outliers luxembourg is even more of an outlier , and denmark 's gdp per capita is also larger than that of sweden . 
   poland ( seriously ? ), 
  you 're the one who brought up geographical proximity . 
  poland is several hundred kilometers closer to the uk than finland . 
  the selection of countries does n't correspond to northern europe , as there are obvious omissions ( like the baltics ) and it includes countries that are not considered a part of northern europe ( like austria and france ) . 
  it also does n't correspond to the countries `` closest '' to the uk , neither in terms of economic or geographical terms , which was the point of my last post . 
  the honest description of the countries they have selected would be `` the richest eu countries '' . 
  the point they 're trying to illustrate is fair , the uk has regions with low gdp per capita compared to the * rich * eu countries , but the title and the chart are misleading since they do n't communicate that they cherry picked only the rich countries . 
  they included finland , but not spain or poland , so it 's definitely not going by close geographical proximity . 
  they included sweden , whose gdp per capita is about 25 % above that of the uk , but not italy , whose gdp per capita is about 25 % below that of the uk . 
  so comparable gdp obviously only applies if it 's higher than that of the uk as france is * the only * country on that map with a lower gdp per capita . 
  what does the x mean in this context ? 
  i agree , i also believe it 's against the subreddit rules . 
  use the report button . 
  i 'm guessing they selected the countires specifically to get most of the `` poorest '' regions in the uk . 
  i tried the same with usa and got : ... a country ... a democracy ... at war ... in bolt dead, 
  i do n't know if it 's an actual conspiracy theory , or a satire of conspiracy theories , but check out / r/finlandconspiracy for more . 
  i tried to recreate this , and mostly got `` is [ country ] in the eu '' for northern and eastern european countries . 
  which is n't suprising , google 's autocompletes are n't the same for me ( and at my location ) as they would be for op ( at op 's location ) . 
  furthermore google 's guesses are based on anticipating you , not just on reiterating old searches , so just because it suggests `` is italy a country '' does n't necessarily mean that a lot of people have searched that exact phrase . 
  he 's loading a crossbow . 
  gjensidige , which is shown as late 1680s in this infographic , and is listed as 1689 without a reference in a list of oldest companies on wikipedia , was according to themselves founded in 1816 . 
  they celebrated their 200 years of history last year . 
  this , combined with the fact that there are norwegian companies older than 1689 lead me to caution the reader to not to take all the `` facts '' of this infographic at face value . 
  nrk tend to have a simplistic view of foreign politics , but they 're not generally biased when it comes to norwegian politics . 
  how likely do you think it is for the average female afghan to browse pornhub ? 
  could it be that soldiers and other expats outnumber the local users of pornhub in afghanistan ? 
  or , if not outnumber , then at least skew the results ? 
  there 's a fair bit of overlap with the norwegian list , which should n't come as a suprise . 
  1 hansen 2 johansen 3 olsen 4 larsen 5 andersen 6 pedersen 7 nilsen 8 kristiansen 9 jensen 10 karlsen first non-sen name is berg , at 14 . 
  they invested in a bigger space key after llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch , lest the random smashing result in an even less practical name . 
   do n't answer that . 
  ... [ but danish protests against the transgressions of germany are hilarious ] ( https://satwcomic.com/flag-day-every-day ), 
  same for norway , all our nordic neighbours are great . 
  well , in case there is a total breakdown in the financial world we 'd well out of luck . 
  the contribution from gold would , however , be negligible . 
  norway had about 33 tons of gold when it sold it all , if it had kept it instead it would be worth around 1200 million $ today . 
  by comparison , the government pension fund of norway is around 800 000 million $ . 
  sure , norway would be better off with the gold than with nothing , but keeping 0.15 % of the money is n't exactly a strategic security . 
  norway sold all gold reserves in 2004 . 
  appearantly it was a low performing asset , and considering it only constituted about 1 % of the national money reserves at the time the safety in diversifying the investments was negligble . 
  when you look at historic gold prices you can easily see that 2004 was the wrong time to sell it all , but the principle seems sound . 
  why keep gold around that you need vaults and guards for when you can just buy stocks and securities instead ? 
  norway sold all gold reserves in 2004 . 
  appearantly it was a low performing asset , and considering it only constituted about 1 % of the national money reserves at the time the safety in diversifying the investments was negligble . 
  when you look at historic gold prices you can easily see that 2004 was the wrong time to sell it all , but the principle seems sound . 
  why keep gold around that you need vaults and guards for when you can just buy stocks and securities instead ? 
  do you mind explaining that a bit closer , please ? 
  my guess is that the data sets are not comparable.for example , sometimes certain crimes will be grossly underreported in very crime ridden areas and diligently reported in relatively peaceful areas , resulting in very skewed statistics if you go by * reports * of crime alone . 
  it helps , but if wealth was the only factor , then this map would look a lot different . 
  yes , my understanding is that people living under desperate conditions will be forced them to make decisions they would never make under normal circumstances , hence egalitarianism is good for crime prevention . 
  the secret is to also have a low number of criminals per capita . 
  give him some slack , you can tell by the flag flair next to his username that he is n't a native speaker . 
  that depends on the country . 
  in norway the support for nato is pretty broad , with only a small fraction on the * far * left of politics wanting to leave the alliance . 
  the norwegian labour party has always been pro-nato , and the current secretary general of nato , jens stoltenberg , is a former labour prime minister . 
  most likely they specialize , some do the actual breaking in , some sell the stolen goods , some keep other burglars away from their `` turf '' , and some coordinate it all and pocket most of the money . 
  you use kids for the actual break-in because they `` look innocent '' to the general public , and they are likely to get shorter sentences if they get arrested . 
  the kids that ( are forced to ) do the break-ins would probably have a hard time selling the stolen goods , so their older companions do that . 
  there have been stories of burglary gangs smuggling what they steal to neighbouring countries , because the market for stolen goods is better there .
