  sorry - i might have been a little harsh on you . 
  is it from ebay , and using the global shipping program ? 
  if so , yes . 
  there are multiple reports on them repackaging items , so they break . 
  sent a pm to all of you ( / u/somerandomatoms , / u/thelifeofaghost , / u/patteroast ), 
  how do musicians generally end up , once their bands are split-up ? 
  for an example , take some metal bands from the early 90s ( \u9ed2\u876a\u8776 , the night breeze zinnia ) . 
  all right , interesting !, 
  i am currently searching for the whereabouts of some people that simply have vanished , as a hobby . 
  no , no family members . 
  i 've found some guy that 's in some band that some band member played a demo with . 
  stuff like that , can probably help , no ? 
  yeah , i agree . 
  go baidu pan , it has all you need . 
  verify by mobile and it 's 2tb , free . 
  all sent . 
  often not fake , just non-trackable . 
  often it 's china post ( starting with a 0 , an 11-digit number ) ,, 
  yanwen ( yw56 ) or sunyou ( sypost.com ) ( starting with lp ) ,, 
  or malaysia post looking like *** my ######## . 
  exactly , ask ebay . 
  i would like to guess that it 's to have a reference number , or perhaps the seller needs proof that the item is shipped ? 
  maybe the item only is trackable in china ? 
  there are many reasons . 
  no , of course not !, 
  all right . 
  i do n't really know what to write here - it took my breath away . 
  it 's deep , and very well written . 
  thank you for letting me hear you out . 
  dress by buck-tick . 
  i feel that it 's a defining darkwave/vk song . 
  very quaint , very emotional to me for reasons unknown . 
  swede here ( can kind of speak norwegian though ), 
  the text is :, 
  ( swedish equivalent : ` som man ropar i skogen f\u00e5r man svar . ' ), 
  i would like to translate that literally as something along :, 
  `` as you shout in the forest , it gives you answers [ in the same manner ] . ', 
  the idiom would be something in the ballpark of `` ask a silly question , get a silly answer '' . 
  yes . 
  indeed . 
  works for me . 
  nope , sweden . 
  should work about everywhere . 
  does it time out ? 
  try a vpn then . 
  it 's in chinese , and currently the host with the best retention that i can publicly share links at . 
  i also uploaded a folder , so you can mix and match the tracks you want . 
  i can try to upload it at mirrorcreator or something . 
  sorry for the inconvenience . 
  i just uploaded blackline complete on this sub , and atlits complete disc 4 has even more demos . 
  the four cheapest methods that i have seen are china post unregistered ( intmail .183 . com.cn , yanwen unregistered ( yw56.com.cn ) , sunyou unregistered ( sypost.net ) , and 4px singapore om pro unregistered ( en .4 px.com ) . 
  the sellers have a lot of choice about shipping methods , but i 've found that those are the most common for sub - $ 3 items . 
  i had this when the seller decided to combine items into one parcel , sent me the real tracking number via messages , and faked the tracking numbers that were posted in the order information . 
  lies , of course . 
  no , aliexpress standard shipping is often shipped via direct link ( swedish post ) and singapore post , postnl , and omniva , often making it fast . 
  aliexpress standard shipping is not one method , but multiple . 
  multiple orders with the same aliexpress standard shipping method can be shipped by multiple methods . 
  english please !, 
  checked your apn ? 
  make sure that it 's the exact same as in your papers/carrier 's website . 
  yes , most often . 
  how is work going ? 
  i believe it 's from a fully scanlated hentai tankoubon , but ca n't remember it 's name . 
  it is still allowed to be sold , the rumour is fake . 
  nothing on aliexpress ' seller page shows anything like a warning ( actually , tea , along with herbs , nuts , and candy among some other stuff like coffee are specifically allowed to be sold , and are the only foods allowed to be sold there ) . 
  source : http://sell.aliexpress.com/post001.htm?spm=5261.8113681.0.0.ybg0sa, 
  it 's fine , cainiao ( or 4px ) handles the parcel ( from china via hong kong ) before they give it to singapore post in singapore that then redirects it to your country . 
  items sometimes get taken down , but if you do n't accept the item 's arrival the seller does n't get any money , so they usually honor your order . 
  after a while , it will track on singapore post 's website . 
  for me , it was enjoyable , but plot was kind-of lacking . 
  a good passive-watching series though . 
  1-20 are translated . 
  ( 21 is being translated , and 22 is n't released yet . ), 
  the quality is varying , but it should be good for the first few volumes , and for the last few volumes . 
  between that ... well . . chinese raws and google translate . 
  we 've been trying our best to fix those translations , and hopefully shadowys or some other person will re-translate them ... right ? 
  yes , that should be accurate according to the andersen theory , the theory that i find the most true about flux and its reaction on the vx models . 
  you should check it out sometime . 
  however , if those results vary a little too much ( 62 instead of 67 and up , meaning a board overload of flux ) , you should get a thermonucleatic coupler along with a few flux capacitors - they help stabilizing the flow . 
  yes , that vladislav restriction is being researched by one of my acquaintances , ms. anna solberg of early prototype fame . 
  i hope she finds a workaround soon . 
  yes , but at a fairly slow pace - there are a lot of volumes . 
  one is translating ( and tlc-checking ) from the beginning , while shadowys is translating 21 ( and 22 , when it comes out ) . 
  i edit the new chapters , along with a few other editors . 
  what are you asking ? 
  znt is translated to chinese from japanese as well , and someone decided to google translate the chinese text to english . 
  no , unfortunately not . 
  they do . 
  that depends on the text and the translation tool . 
  3 . . \u9ed2\u876a\u8776 ( kuroageha ) , and volcano are what you are looking for . 
  visual kei metal , often power/thrash . 
  all albums by kuroageha are ripped and available online . 
  i would like to agree with your `` family crest-like '' , but please let me double-check . 
  ( edit : goo says nothing else ), 
  you press `` pay using another method '' , and then cancel out of the screen . 
  ( app ), 
  no , it 's not hard bricked because of a software update . 
  try a deep flash cable . 
  swedish poem ( translation attempt ) :, 
  yass !,
