  am verified on / r/snackexchange , please check my post history . 
  aliexpress ' tracking is unstable . 
  check 17track or usps, 
  mind confirming that everything went ok ? 
  they source all their stuff from forums in china ( tsdm , astost ) and jpopsuki . 
  redmi 3 or redmi note 3 ? 
  ok , you have probably made my day ( s ) . 
  thanks !, 
  you do n't . 
  it 's fine . 
  he bears the responsibility , and the buyer protection does n't apply when using a forwarder . 
  sweden here , interested ? 
  i know . 
  however , it is not op 's problem . 
  sorry for not being clear , the thoughts were n't divided . 
  afaik , it is the forwarder 's problem . 
  op is sending domestically . 
  the item might be returned though . 
  ok , sure . 
  if my advice is wrong , sorry . 
  if so , us law is completely different to other countries ' laws . 
  sorry for the inconvenience . 
  also , please chill . 
  in sweden . 
  i liked :, 
  ] the girl who ate death [, 
  i use the frosted nillkin case , pretty good imo . 
  i would recommend you do n't get one - the only ones i see are low-specced macbook clones . 
  wow , that 's saltiness deluxe . 
  i feel sorry for that poor friend . 
  edl mode flash ? 
  you will lose your data . 
  post history :, 
  seems legit . 
  why goldway and not top-one ? 
  i could get some bitter lemon for you , but i wo n't trade it , only sell , because shipping would be expensive af . 
  pm me if interested . 
  is love is life . 
  i have never won any money ... 
  also , i 've got a day off today , management is somewhere else !, 
  yay !, 
  the normal wechat forum spam . 
  i know that i 'm not op , but thank you !, 
  this helps a lot for dotdotbuy use !, 
  you 're most probably fine . 
  sometimes there are small hickups on the way , i would n't be worried . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't have much experience with hk post though . 
  china post can be a pain , but i always get my stuff . 
  i have never lost a registered parcel though . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  you do not need to recharge , paying exact paypal at checkout is ok . 
  thus you will not need to get it back . 
  nah , just add it to your cart , press pay and it 'll redirect you to paypal . 
  however , the shipping is pretty weird ( but you do n't have to charge for that either ) ; they 'll guess the weight and pay you back if you paid too much up front . 
  yeah sure , i got a pair of isk headphones ( hp2011 ) from tao . 
  there 's a parcel i 'm gon na get in about 10 mins from ddb . 
  it 's a mouse pad . 
  gediao ( gd-1 ) , and kanen ( ip808 ) are good companies for earphones . 
  i have never paid import duty or vat for any chinese ( or asian ) stuff . 
  i would recommend china post or postnl ( that is quite a lot faster , and just a little more expensive ) for maximum customs evading . 
  it is in japanese . 
  we all never thought that . 
  i do n't think the post office will like this , sadly . 
  it can explode . 
  yeah . 
  have you read mahouka ? 
  i did not , in fact , like gundam : iron-blooded orphans . 
  at last , someone sharing my opinion !, 
  that is a long fucking kou . 
  yeah , but i think the designs fit the characters well . 
  well , the brazilian customs are from hell . 
  when i think of poland , i think of g\u00f3ralki . 
  dangdang , taobao or ebooks , no ? 
  kan not drink jus ov rokk ? 
  xaleng not aksepted . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  for wusses . 
  use china catherer \u00ae , penetrates your pee-hole about 70 % of the time . 
  nah , sweden and denmark are quite friendly now . 
  peter scully . 
  f\u00f6rena er - swedish, 
  ( unite yourselves ), 
  \u00f6 ( kind of ) = ur in fur, 
  e ( kind of ) = e as in ear, 
  r = rolling ( spanish ) r. 
  thank you , you very nice person !, 
  i hope you have a very nice day !, 
  i would buy a shit ton of butter , melt it , and sell it as melted butter . 
  that butter smell though . . !, 
  can it be < arifureta  ? 
  it 's a classic scam . 
  he lost face real hard . 
  agreed . 
  here in sweden , it says something like `` electronic information about the item has been received '' . 
  much clearer , in my opinion . 
  yes , when standing on a tennis court . 
  probably no further update . 
  however , sometimes it only tracks before it 's left the first post office and no more , and sometimes it tracks to the airport and no more . 
  that domestic transit thingy is quite interesting , as it may mean that it needs to be sent to another airport in china to then be forwarded internationally .
