  i would recommend to get a japanese second-hand fender instead . 
  the product is genuine , and not so much more expensive . 
  ( sorry for not answering your question ! ), 
  yeah man , i would recommend not getting a chinese one , sorry ... 
  i would recommend second-hand , or something like that , when it comes to guitars . 
  you can probably find good deals locally . 
  it 's normal - after the time , if the item has n't been shipped yet , you get your money back . 
  beware of fake tracking numbers - they might put one as the tracking number so the processing time wo n't run out . 
  do n't worry if you get one , just be persistent toward the seller . 
  good luck !, 
  a jazzmaster will be something like 40k yen , plus shipping that 'll be about 12k to the us or europe ( for a 7.5-8kg guitar and packaging ) . 
  all in all , about $ 550 max , for a vintage guitar , not including the case . 
  i concur about the mtl part : there are many bad mtlers that can barely speak a lick of japanese , and i can not understand that , really , as i feel that you need to have at least a shallow knowledge of japanese and a deeper knowledge of the target language to even mtl something . 
  as a mtler myself , even i have at least a small understanding of japanese ( grammar ) , a knowledge of how japanese ( grammar ) can be adapted to english , and how to make the text read less like engrish . . 
  i feel like making the ( perhaps somewhat controversial ) argument that some mtl ( assist ) s are better than `` real '' translations . 
  they do n't even need to be less accurate if you double-check enough with dictionaries and such . 
  ( please note that i do n't want to toot my own horn here , i am probably a mediocre `` translator '' at best : however i disagree with the elitism that sometimes surfaces among `` real '' translators , viewing mtlers as crap for no good reason in some cases ( but with good reason in some cases ) . 
  at last , i am looking for some advice : is it best to be more literal with passages , or is it best to be slightly more liberal , making the text read better ? 
  feel free to knock me down if you disagree by the way , i 'm open for debate . 
  yeah man , sounds good . 
  good luck with it - the guitar market on aliexpress is pretty unstable , there is no vendor that is particularily reputable . 
  i do n't know , as i do not live in the us , canada , russia or other supported countries that support epacket . 
  some people say that it might be faster , ( 8-14 days i 've heard , to the us ) , but for me , singapore post was 12 days to sweden , and postnl was often 14 days for me ( i 've purchased multiple things using these methods , this is an estimate ) . 
  both aliexpress standard shipping and epacket have a tracking number . 
  you bet !, 
  yeah . 
  they can be found cheap on taobao as well . 
  i also found the cable tester some sellers use in the photos of the cable - pm me if you need the link . 
  oh no , nope , i do n't want this anymore . 
  the thing with goophone/knockoffs is that the hardware might change without prior notice , with no indication on the outside . 
  this means that you can , hypothetically , hard brick your phone by only flashing the `` wrong '' rom . 
  there probably is a rom , but you 'll probably need to port it to work with your particular revision of hardware . 
  however , if there is a rom for your exact version , smooth sailing . 
  check what your hardware is before you flash , backup your nvram and be careful !, 
  there is too little yuri here usually , but this was so sweet !, 
  the chip in the lightning connector - off-brand ones use fake charging chips , making it less reliable , and making the phone say that the cable is unauthorized . 
  first : please ask another subreddit next time :, 
  i just copy-pasted this from a shipping website and google translated it . 
  it gets the point through :, 
  i see no restrictions for dye :, 
  no contraband or batteries . 
  ( 1 ) foods : including tea , instant noodles , etc. 
  ( 2 ) cosmetics : whether powder , oil , lipstick , mascara, 
  ( 3 ) drugs : all drugs, 
  ( 4 ) all tools and so on : including control tools, 
  ( 5 ) not over :, 
  casino chips , magneto matches , keyboard clean mud , 3d lens ( security presented with radioactivity ) , illuminated glasses , ironing head stick ( containing lithium batteries ) , infrared instrument with a battery telescope or lens is too thick to get through with the packaging containing viscose or too many into a box of rhinestones , mobile phone stickers , nail stickers , bulbs and so on , a pack of batteries or more , led lights , lights with battery electrical connection may be used , samsung ( samsung ) galaxy note 7 phones , etc. 
  operation confirmed . 
  no dirt or dust inside of the lens . 
  beautiful condition . 
  ( protip : in japanese , translate sentence by sentence . ), 
  the words \u30c1\u30ea ( dust , dirt ) \u30db\u30b3\u30ea ( dust ) are in katakana , sellers like to do that because it 's like bolding something in japanese . 
  ! translated, 
  that must mean ... tupac alive in serbia !!!, 
  it 's correct !, 
  it has gotten a lot better since last month . 
  for certain languages , it has improved . 
  thought of mushoku tensei , the ln . 
  it 's my pleasure . 
  anime , manga , and light novels . 
  it 's a great deal of fun , and the community ( especially on here ) is friendly . 
  they are very cheap because of the sheer amount of fan translated stuff . 
  if you sail the seven seas , it can be free . 
  pm me the original chinese text and tracking number , please !, 
  i got my redmi note 3 pro from top-one trading . 
  they have been very good so far , and the phone has worked properly for about 8 months now . 
  i got it by aliexpress standard shipping ( singapore post ) and it took 14 days to sweden . 
  do n't cancel , but wait it out . 
  if he does n't ship , you 'll get a refund . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  where 's the verb goddammit ? 
  i would like to hazard a guess at :, 
  my gut says that the \u30d5\u30a1\u30a4\u30eb\u309293\u30e1\u30ac\u30d0\u30a4\u30c8 construction is wrong - as the 93 megabytes are n't the object , but an adjective . 
  thus i would like to say that mine is more accurate , but not being a native speaker , i ca n't confirm that . 
  well-written , it is . 
  well , it would be a lot more accurate than just keeping the verb out !, 
  thank you !, 
  registering a qq account and then logging in with it worked for me . 
  i do n't know !, 
  i just use qq for everything now . 
  some of them were kinda ok , with only chinese punctuation at places , but some really sucked . 
  aha , i bound it to a overseas number somehow i believe . 
  there should be an option . 
  and if you log in with qq elsewhere ( such as pan.baidu or baidu.com ) ? 
  my raw 's fuck . 
  i can probably edit or mtl assist something . 
  do you still need assistance ? 
  i can make one . 
  i 'll pm you tomorrow , as i am kind of away from home today . 
  for android , akhyou !, 
  i like old-school vk stuff , metal and rock so that 's what i 'll be posting . 
  [ sakrun - \u767d\u663c\u306e\u8db3\u8de1 { hakuchuu no ashiato } ] ( https://youtu.be/id26dnddqlc ), 
  [ \u9ed2\u876a\u8776 - sad song ] ( https://youtu.be/jzpqjnjuubg ) , live-ish version [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/14xqfjezx8e ) . 
  false positive, 
  seems legit . . 
  sorry man . 
  i can try to fix the contrast in photoshop tomorrow , if that would help ? 
  ( black and white ) . 
  thanks man !, 
  two of the samples found !,
