  rutracker has some at least . 
  you can , actually , re-open a dispute as long as it is within the processing time . 
  refuse a paypal refund , and wait it out if you want a refund , or ask the seller to resend the item . 
  also ask the seller for a picture of your parcel , your shipping label and product . 
  then , you can safely cancel , and re-open it if the need arises . 
  ( also , most chinese sellers use air mail , not surface , because of the relatively good discounts for ( relatively ) smaller bulk sending . ), 
  first , call your post office . 
  if it has returned , ask the seller for a refund , or to resend another item . 
  the seller will still receive your returned item . 
  exactly . 
  original chinese text please . 
  in my country ( sweden ) , this means that the parcel has attempted delivery . 
  please check your number on www.israelpost.co.il, 
  i have no idea , i am not israeli . 
  please check your number at israel post , please . 
  no , do not do so . 
  for the sake of whatever you believe in , do not cancel the dispute , especially with no purchase protection time left . 
  if you really want to , ask the seller to extend the purchase protection time , and you can cancel the refund , and then re-open it during the purchase protection time if the need arises . 
  deny any offers of a paypal refund by the way . 
  i would like to guess , a few days . 
  it 'll take a few days to arrive , then it probably will be stuck in customs for a while because turkey . 
  1.5 weeks , maximum . 
  this parcel has no problem , it 's sent from kolkata airport to the next sorting centre . 
  i am guessing , as i wrote before , because i am from europe . 
  chinese tracking is kinda spotty at times . 
  you 're fine . 
  i really ca n't hear what this guy is singing . 
  it is repeated slightly more clearly at 3:33 to 3:36 . 
  it sounds like '' \u307f\u3042\u3051\u3089\u308c\u306a\u3051\u308c\u3070 '' , phonetically . 
  nah , that 's for a 24 pack . 
  they go at around 125 yen per bottle , which is around $ 1.10 . 
  i got that as well after putting \u307f\u3042\u3051 in an ime . 
  also understood the text the same . 
  thank you !, 
  translation aggregator and translation assistant . 
  that 's the shit . 
  i do mtl assist wn translations with that . 
  yeah , that 's one of them . 
  i tend to see chinese doing cn raws , indonesians doing jp raws , people from the us and uk doing jp raws , and half-british or american guys living elsewhere doing jp raws . 
  yup . 
  the polish postal service . 
  the number is invalid ( it 's missing a check digit , it should be rr855025321pl ) , and it has left poland at the 12th of october , in transit to usa . 
  it should be about 464 grams in weight . 
  aha , thank you !, 
  seconded . 
  it 's an isekai novel about a guy who accidentally kills a dragon . 
  [ unblock youku ] ( https://bbs.uku.im/t/ios-android-firefox-unblock-youku/27 ) !, 
  well , it uses a proxy for china-only sites . 
  it is n't only for youku , but also for tudou , tencent , etc. 
  exactly . 
  do not do that . 
  seller will deal with it . 
  i believe so . 
  yes . 
  ask the seller . 
  isk headphones are really underrated , the hp2011s are really underrated neutral cans . 
  thank you !, 
  now . 
  go download the trial from the official website and the trial resetter from nsanedown . 
  i go with the t5 release . 
  i can do swedish , if you want . 
  ca n't see anything about that , even on sale.aliexpress.com ( the seller page ) . 
  hmmm ... 
  i wonder ... 
  i know that , i checked jisho before posting . 
  i am quite clueless on how to translate it well though . 
  do you have a clue on how to translate the verse ? 
  yeah , i got the concept , but could n't write it out , if you know what i mean . 
  thank you !, 
  ! translated, 
  very informative , thanks !, 
  makes sense , now that you mention it . 
  have a nice day , and thank you !, 
  i would like to suggest elfen lied again . 
  it is most upsetting and beautiful . 
  looks like chinese to me . 
  ! wronglanguage : zh, 
  i could reship if you want to . 
  pm me if you feel like it . 
  true . 
  i have vouches if it would make you feel better , or if you have another safe option like a middleman or something , i could try to help . . ? 
  wanting to get a pair of iems ( because my ones right now are quite literally , falling apart ) , but i 'm broke and my budget is around $ 15 . 
  i tried to tape my ones that i have now , but it 's only meant to be temporary . 
  aliexpress is probably my best bet , but what should i go for ? 
  a kz model ? 
  please tell me about the good scanlations . 
  i have n't seen any other than oishii , and those only seem to be volume 3 + and the links are dead . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i 've done chifi . 
  i did some kanen , gediao and kz but that was a while ago . 
  aliexpress shipping usually uses singapore post or direct link ( aka sweden post ) , and it usually is faster for most countries . 
  cainiao is not a shipping service , it 's a consolidator to get the parcels to the hong kong/shenzhen office of singapore post or whatever service you use . 
  so basically , cainiao picks up the parcels from the sellers and gives them to the shipping companies ' ( e.g. 
  singapore post ) local offices . 
  the shipping companies then send the parcels from say , hong kong to your destination , often via the country of the postal service ( singapore sends via singapore , direct link has a sorting centre in singapore as well ) . 
  this means that tracking numbers that can be tracked by cainiao use another service ( if it ends with sg it 's a singapore number and you can track it via the singapore postal service 's website as well . 
  i can answer it , if you need it . 
  sweden here . 
  if you like funk , eiichi ohtaki can be a good choice . 
  his album `` a long vacation '' is incredibly smooth .
