  i use a visa debit card . 
  i use a debit card , so what ? 
  i do not live in the us . 
  being in debt is n't living in freedom . 
  truth, 
  what 's your favourite pizza ? 
  chocolate . 
  chocolate was my life . 
  and your favourite office chair is ? 
  oh , really ? 
  must be nice not sitting down all day ... 
  oh yeah , that 's the drawback i guess . 
  yeah i hack stuff with a hammer sometimes as a hobby . 
  it 's fun . 
  that pizza looks nice . 
  unfortunately it 's a little difficult to find here in sweden because of our own `` pizza culture '' ... 
  stuff like kebab pizza . 
  google `` swedish pizza '' for more details . 
  i had an iocean x7s . 
  i dropped it , sent it to them for a screen replacement and they never returned it because they were bankrupt . . fuck . 
  i now have a xiaomi redmi note 3 pro , and it is fast , it gets updates , it can be rooted , and the xiaomi support is quite nice . 
  replacement parts also cheap . 
  get a redmi note 3 pro from top-one , it is good and fast . 
  top-one is a good seller as well . 
  / u/suddenflight is correct , that 's it !, 
  singer here , doing a project . 
  why do people never rehearse the later parts , in favour for the earlier ones ? 
  the most difficult part in my project is in the end , no one knows how to sing it because people only rehearse their earlier parts . 
  this makes things even more messed up , with no one knowing anything you have to improvise , but no one has ever said that it 's a good idea to improvise during a concert for a reason . 
  qotd : i do not feel that i want or need a pet right now . 
  unfortunately ... :(, 
  muzt be tortur halucinat foto from gulag . 
  see no suffering , hav no potat insid bodi , not undrstandz , why peple luk hapi during such bad sirkumstance ? 
  i have never been pulled over ... luckily . 
  btw i like european skittles more than the american kind . 
  grape vs. blackcurrant , blackcurrant wins hands down . . !, 
  my maternal side is from the uk , my paternal side swedish . 
  less sweet . 
  contact xiaomi . 
  now . 
  good for you . 
  thanks !, 
  hope it suits your palate !, 
  i sent a pm . 
  i always recommend so.baiduyun.me , a chinese only search site , good for finding lossless stuff . 
  it was the same for me , it took a few hours ( like 5 ) of practice to do like that . 
  the trick it to balance the thumb behind the fretboard , like holding a hamburger . 
  then you can support the barring finger with another finger . 
  when you feel the grip strength is enough , start the chords . 
  it 's pretty logical !, 
  [ ultimate-guitar ] ( http://tabs.ultimate-guitar.com ) for mainstream songs , [jitashe.net ( chinese warning ) ] ( http://jitashe.net ) for not so mainstream ( asian ? ), 
  tabs , [ ufret.jp ( japanese warning ) ] ( http://ufret.jp ) for japanese song chords . 
  sauce ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  just , i see absolutely no asians there . 
  i traded with a hawaiian last time , that 's the closest i could get to asia . 
  i do n't really agree ... 
  i think it is good at being strawberry flavoured , but i prefer other flavours of sweets . 
  i love the grape one in a weird way , and the lychee one is lovely as well . 
  but those are the only ones i have tasted . 
  as said , it is nearly impossible to get hold of here . 
  yup . 
  nothing there . 
  ooh , nice !, 
  this makes me even more interested !, 
  sorry for being such a slow answerer !, 
  yeah , i sent a pm . 
  no , i 've still not received anything ... 
  thank you for offering !, 
  at least 8 hours . 
  any more , and you 'd better have coffee . 
  a lot of coffee . 
  i believe that hi-chew is japanese , not taiwanese . 
  however , a lot of hi-chew is made in taiwan , right ? 
  i am happy that you are honoured !, 
  and japan is simply quite known in sweden . 
  that 's how i know it . 
  ooh !, 
  i love the swimming !, 
  check alibaba . 
  this is n't a sourcing subreddit . 
  top-one on aliexpress ? 
  qotd : i love fruit toffee . 
  it is love , it is life . 
  it 's raining , and has been raining the whole day . 
  i have the soundtrack . 
  can you provide me with a clip when the song plays ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zftcvtp1c5i ) . 
  a'ight , no probs !, 
  good luck on your shooting adventure !, 
  yeah . . !, 
  see what you get . 
  if it is counterfeit , mark it as counterfeit . 
  film your unboxing . 
  are you sure ? 
  it 's evidence ... 
  anyhow , you ( stans2 ) probably have more experience than me . 
  do as you see fit , op !, 
  protein bar ? 
  in sweden , we have swebar .
