the american travel one . 
  i 'm going to europe , with the capital city of paris , and the suburbs of london and madrid, 
  f ****** hell , that cliffhanger was absolutely awesome . 
  now , a light wait til ' july . 
  what should i watch next ? 
  i am not a native speaker . 
  the japanese seems correct without the spaces ( people are using it on the internet , again not an native speaker ) . 
  thanks !, 
  i have experience ordering from china , however not with the standard shipping and singpost together . 
  no problem - it is in stockholm already . 
  i guess it will be in my hands the 30th if all goes well ( no customs ) . 
  i 've never had customs problems with singpost . 
  i purchased from the same seller , great seller btw . 
  you will get the original chinese xiaomi brick with an adapter . 
  the adapter has no problems at all . 
  the charger has no problems either . 
  not bad !, 
  anything nillkin or ugreen . 
  update : it came the 29th , 9 days with free shipping . 
  and the phone is great as well !, 
  whoa !, 
  ( no customs delay or fee whatsoever as an added bonus ), 
  nah , i would get a ld memory card instead . 
  you 're ( almost ) always better off purchasing a chinese brand name product , than a western brand on ali . 
  i was unbanned a while ago . 
  they said that it seemed that i was originating from a spammy ip . 
  i was n't , so they unbanned me . 
  judging by the pronounciation , japanese . 
  ( swedish ), 
  i 'm easily on it . 
  100 degrees ? 
  he must have been boiling . . !, 
  oh really ? 
  i totally did n't get that . 
  * sarcasm off *, 
  thanks . 
  i have failed . 
  9 dagar frakt f.\u00f6 fr\u00e5n top-one p\u00e5 aliexpress . 
  do the dispute . 
  keep the items , if aliexpress does n't want them . 
  ( the seller is dishonest , right ? ), 
  i guess the original language is chinese , have you got the chinese version ? 
  does not answer phone calls . 
  yeah , trackitonline , global.cainiao.com and 17track are the only sites you nees to use . 
  there is an app that does just that . 
  it 's called `` miui usb settings '' . 
  seems correcter . 
  ( jag har en xiaomi redmi note 3 [ snapdragon ] ), 
  deadman wonderland :, 
  it was so bad !, 
  i prefer global , no clutter . 
  yup . 
  a'ight , good luck !, 
  pm me for any question , it 's a pain ... 
  lol mine took 9 days to sweden . 
  hang in there , it 's worth it !, 
  i weighed my redmi note 3 , and it clocked in a little above 415g . 
  you can weigh it at the post office , right ? 
  just film the unboxing , and you 'll be fine . 
  googling symptoms when you feel ill . 
  you need to reboot into recovery mode and flash via pc . 
  there are tutorials on the miui forum . 
  no unlock needed . 
  it 's the embodyment of `` oh look , it 's as good as new '' . 
  well , i think we misunderstood each other . 
  edl mode it is . 
  1:1 best portable car lights , 3-5 days friend . 
  it is on a seller custom rom . 
  you need to reflash it . 
  as far as i know , a stock rom and edl mode can do it . 
  ok , so sp flash tools . 
  cheesus , i have no experience with locked bootloaders . 
  the miui forum has a guide . 
  thank you , you nice nice person !, 
  f-ing sora no woto / sound of the sky, 
  true . 
  checked jisho and other dictionaries . 
  yes !!!, 
  that 's what i meant , however for some reason my brain did n't send the signals to my fingers . 
  good luck op !, 
  is there any english patch for the vn ? 
  it 's prob been sent from china . 
  could squinting woman be a translation ? 
  i do not know what '' \u4e5c '' means in this context . 
  it 's a hong kong film anyway . 
  edit : on douban , i found an alternative title : a she male 's passion . 
  just the title . 
  that seems more likely !, 
  that app is bread and butter for taobao stuff . 
  source ? 
  yeah , this seller 's just fine !, 
  i would say { bakuman } . 
  oh , go tsdm.net and astost.com . 
  chinese , but whatever . 
  friend conflict :, 
  i could n't see it on the list , but it 's a given . 
  swedish as a a bonus :, 
  ( dear guests , please only put toilet paper in the toilet . 
  thank you for your understanding . ), 
  ( dear guests , we ask you to not put anything other than toilet paper in the toilet .
