  the character for soul is , for what i can understand , used for `` spirit '' as well , the religious kind . 
  i ca n't seem to find this word in dictionaries for either chinese or japanese , but the two characters mean the same thing in both languages . 
  this does n't seem to be a compound word though ? 
  good find !, 
  i have the chrome extension `` righttocopy '' , and you could also copy it from the website source , or by using `` inspect element '' . 
  the tracking should have shown up by now , it usually takes about five days maximum to do so . 
  message the seller . 
  dispute it . 
  as soon as possible . 
  super !, 
  have a wonderful day !, 
  yes , you got them at last !, 
  hope they were n't too butchered by heat and stuff . 
  hope you like them !, 
  you 're screwed , sorry . 
  next time , make sure to extend the protection time , and then dispute . 
  hope the stuff was n't expensive . 
  you might be able to message aliexpress and see what they can do . 
  no , your local postal service is taking care of them now . 
  and by taking care , i mean things that include dropping them under conveyor belts , using them as doorstops , and playing football with them . 
  takes . 
  forever . 
  dispute before the purchase protection time runs out , though . 
  you speak english , right ? 
  you will have no problem in 90 % of cases , literally everyone under 80 years of age will be able to speak to you in english . 
  now , for the latino community - there is a minority that immigrated from chile in the 70s , but it is not that large . 
  i do n't know of anyone that would get pissed off at the fact that you do n't speak swedish ( especially seeing that you are a newly immigrated person ) . 
  you need to study and learn . 
  do the sfi program . 
  watch swedish tv . 
  learn in your own pace . 
  perhaps some swedish cop stuff ( i.e. 
  `` beck '' ) ? . 
  maybe something like `` torka aldrig t\u00e5rar utan hanskar '' ) ? 
  `` solsidan '' is a newer classic too , that literally nearly everyone has seen . 
  untracked post is routed and sorted in a completely random way . 
  i ca n't answer that question . 
  maybe ? 
  do it . 
  the worst that can happen is that you do n't get a refund from them . 
  you can re-order . 
  2 * rca male to aux male , put the rcas in the cassette player and the aux in a soundcard . 
  connect to a computer and use audacity to record . 
  also , please do share !, 
  down for me as well . 
  refused . 
  both website and tracker . 
  up again !, 
  check his/her post history . 
  i bet you that it 's chinese , of the mandarin variety . 
  i think so too , but i 'm not a native speaker . 
  swedish :, 
  `` jag \u00e4r vad jag blir '' ( i am what i become ) , i find to sound the most natural in swedish . 
  google translate tts is ok with this one . 
  how come all the japanese auto dealers have scanners that scan at like 3 dpi , and like potatoes ? 
  { elfen lied } is fantastic for this type of stuff . 
  nearly everything on aliexpress is negotiable . 
  ask the seller to send using epacket before you purchase the item , and they might be able to . 
  you need a japanese shipping address for yahoo auctions . 
  try fromjapan.co.jp , buyee.jp , or any other shipping service . 
  they can do it . 
  i can edit . 
  or you can scan ( or take photos of ) the books . 
  it 's free . 
  takes an hour or so . 
  in terms of music , japanese sounds better to my ears than chinese , or say , hungarian . 
  i like the simplicity of the phonemes a lot , but i really dislike some parts of the language ( especially where something just sounds better than something else , or when there are many different words that mean the same with small nuance changes ) . 
  cp ... cn is a parcel tracking number ( for items over 2kg ) . 
  parcels can be sent using airmail , sal , and surface mail . 
  the tracking number does not say what method your parcel is shipped with . 
  the seller has probably sent your item with `` china post air parcel '' , meaning that the item is a large (  2kg ) item that has been sent via airmail . 
  it is called `` air parcel '' for a reason - you can send stuff heavier than 2kg by air . 
  i believe that you can send small parcels as well ( < 2kg ) , but i 'm not sure . 
  how do you think people send tonnes of perishable food if not by air ? 
  check [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parcel_post ) for the difference between parcels and mail . 
  i do not know of any method to check - if it 's via aliexpress it should be airmail , though . 
  it means that you ca n't dispute your order if you run out of time ( i.e. 
  if you do n't receive your item , or if your item is not sent as described , you ca n't get your money back ) . 
  make sure to not run out of time until you have received your item ( or in some cases , when the item is lost , or when the item is not as described , until you have received a refund ) . 
  i usually , when there are about 5 days left and i have n't received my item , message the seller and ask them to `` extend the purchase protection for another 30 days '' . 
  if i have n't received my item after another 25 days , i dispute . 
  it 's fine , the time is ticking !, 
  just wait !, 
  that 's the policy of your local postal service , and nothing can be done if the lady denies you . 
  you can maybe wait until another person shows up , and ask that person ? 
  the other person might be more lenient ? 
  did you get a piece of paper in your mailbox with a barcode on ( and the tracking number on ) ? 
  that might be the paper she is looking for . 
  it 's airmail . 
  canadian customs check every chinese package manually , it can take up to 80 days . 
  wait for another 30 days , is my advice . 
  i am also unsure if registered mail from china is tracked in canada . 
  if it does n't arrive ( or if there is no update ) in another 30 days , lodge a complaint with the postal services ( china post , but a complaint with canada post would n't hurt either ) . 
  exceptional write-up . 
  yeah . 
  i agree . 
  it 's to make the pun work , yes . 
  friendo , could i ask if you are willing to part with those items still ? 
  do n't change it !, 
  it has left china ( outbound ) , and it can be anywhere from waiting in a chinese airport , to being on a plane , to waiting for a arrival scan in a canadian airport .
