  point system , as well as paying money to use for some sections . 
  get on astost and ( re - ) upload a few cds ( does n't need to be asian ) and your experience will be more worthwhile . 
  if you really need to read japtem , web.archive.org is the way to go . 
  however , i strongly recommend the ln version . 
  swedish :, 
  ( for information in your own language , please contact ) :, 
  ( for information in swedish , please contact ) :, 
  also pretty white , never even gotten threatened in roseng\u00e5rd or anything . 
  do n't be an idiot , and mind your own business , are expressions that fit particularily well when visiting run-down areas . 
  my stomach tells me fake . 
  give me some visual kei metal . 
  i like kuroageha . 
  ( on an off-topic , related , note , i really would like to purchase their stuff . 
  i have capriccio , and can get teiou sekkai . 
  i would like any live vhses , singles , demos , etc. ), 
  i recommend that you wait a few days more ( make sure that your purchase protection time does n't run out ) , and then contact your local post office , they can probably refer you to the correct authority . 
  yeah , good stuff . 
  i like both of them . 
  thank you anyway !, 
  small edits . 
  ( edit : of course , `` f\u00e5 '' is not necessary , but it sounds a lot more pleasant to my ears , to be honest ) . 
  the seller has decided to not ship your item with that shipping method . 
  dispute for the shipping method not working , if the seller does n't answer . 
  * `` i am a cat . 
  as yet , i have no name '' *, 
  - natsume souseki , `` i am a cat '', 
  it it is caught in customs and taxed , approx . 
  70 # ( 20 % of the price ) + # 5.95 ( i believe 1.7 % of the price ) in customs fees . 
  yay , vikings . 
  oops , christianity now i guess . 
  more wars . 
  expansion !!!, 
  fuck catholicism . 
  more wars . 
  hon hon , our king 's french now . 
  more wars . 
  expansion !!!, 
  slightly less expansion . 
  negative expansion . 
  hey , at least we 're better than denmark ... 
  right ? 
  zhengzhou is beautiful city , have many factory work very efficient . 
  why ? 
  you need to identify ( google bank-id ) yourself in order to get the name of the three most recent owners of a car . 
  what can you do with a name ? 
  thank you so much !, 
  thank you !, 
  looks like butchered katakana to me . 
  no need to buy the exact same sticks if it 's a desktop pc , but if it 's a laptop i would think twice before buying other parts . 
  sometimes it 's wrong . 
  try xoms .4 px.com , can you send screenshots on what you get when you try to track it there ? 
  same with intmail .11185 . com.cn ( it 's in chinese ) . 
  can you try the intmail link ? 
  yes , i mean non-released shows . 
  seeing as the source is analogue , it should be possible to rip the ep in lossless . 
  could you send it to me in 320 maybe ? 
  i can do a spectral analysis . 
  no , but the site is moody sometimes . 
  you could perhaps pm me the number and i can check it for you ? 
  i have n't received anything , sorry !, 
  thanks !, 
  ( edit : it 's the 128 release ), 
  [ senketsu no elf ] ( http://www.novelupdates.com/series/senketsu-no-elf/ ) ( aka elvenblood ) , volume 2 . 
  raws are available as jpg ( or just ask krytyk ! ), 
  synopsis :, 
   what was left for the boy , was just the girl . 
  and what the girl chose , was just the boy . 
   human siblings living in a remote village , elven siblings living deep in the forest . 
  their peace , of them who should not have been friends , should have continued forever . 
  however , when the elves suddenly invaded the human world , the feelings of the four were torn apart and they took different paths . 
  eventually , the human boy imina , and the elf girl ellis , stood on the battlefield . 
  the sword he held was crimson . 
  the same colour that had flowed on it , and would flow on it from then onwards ... 
   the sharp , blood-coloured dark fantasy begins here !, 
  i give you a few paragraphs on why from laurence02 , on novelupdates forums . 
   why it should get picked up : krytyk dropped it , because it was too dark for him . 
  i threw myself head and shoulders into this novel , thinking `` it 's ca n't be that bad , right ? 
  '' , after seeing `` warning : weak-hearted people should stay away from this . 
  this novel contains darkness in its purest and absolute form ! '' . 
  ( un ) fortunally , it was that bad . 
  this novel is a textbook example of a classic bait-and-switch - it 's nice and light in the beginning , but after that it turns dark . 
  180 turn , illegal u-turn on highway , real fucking dark . 
   the characters are wonderfully flawed , and are written in a wonderfully entertaining way ( i do n't mean funny-ha-ha entertaining , i mean holy-fucking-shit-this-is-so-messed-up-entertaining ) . 
  everything is so lifelike - the characters feel incredibly genuine and you become attached very easily . 
  everyone has their own personality , and even the side-ish characters are pretty fleshed out in terms of backstory . 
   speaking about backstory , this is where the story really shines . 
  you get completely bombarded with information about the characters , the local culture and such , but in such a genial way that it does n't feel like an infodump . 
  the author ( yuu fujiwara ) is a genius in many ways , but this is where i really appreciate it ; information that is n't in your face , that acts more like a finishing touch than as a `` here-you-go-read-this-backstory-i-spent-an-entire-five-minutes-thinking-about '' . 
   this series has potential to become one of the best series that has graced us with its presence here on novel updates . 
  however , this is only achieved when a translator picks up a project . 
  i beg you , please . 
  the raw quality differs between volumes . 
  krytyk might have better ones for volume 2 . 
  ~ ~ these files are mirrored by me , so if you could tell me when you 're done i would be grateful ( so i can remove the links again ) . ~ ~, 
  about that it might take a while , it 's fine . 
  i could be an editor , if you want help later on . 
  i 'm ( at least slightly ) experienced with stuff like that . 
  cheers !, 
  what ? 
  yes , you can .
