  converted to black and white . 
  black and white version uploaded !, 
  let 's hope that someone else understands it , shall we ? 
  thank you for your attempt !, 
  exactly . 
  that 's why i wonder if i can transfer it to paypal or something . 
  ( as it says in the post ) . 
  gemenr yes !, 
  that , in my opinion , is * excuse my language * bloody retarded . 
  it does nothing but keeps people from contributing , and the contributors are then free to do whatever they like ( adverts in the filenames , etc. ) . 
  i 'm probably banned from there , and i 'm not sorry . 
  me and tl have a fundamental disagreement . 
  well , my ideology is to have strict rules , and making it easy-ish to trump torrents , just like many other trackers ( jps , ab , apl ) , instead of uploader class and wait times . 
  everyone 's a * bloody retard * , there 's just a difference when and where . 
  i believe in getting people to be as little * bloody retarded * on trackers as possible , but there 's always the odd * extra retarded * person as well - it might be me , and it might be you . 
  my whole point is that i believe that it is possible to exclude people in a better way , and that 's why me and tl are n't compatible . 
  i much prefer trackers that let you upload and do n't have wait times , especially if you 're on a home computer . 
  i fully understand what you write , and i agree with what you 're saying ( it 's facts ) , but i still do n't agree with the exclusion as a whole . 
  shit , that 's bad . 
  what torrent ? 
  is it reported yet ? 
  good . 
  aargh , always a pain . 
  i hope it gets better !, 
  found them !, 
  got-nyu 's raws are a lot better for the early volumes . 
  i know . 
  i have traded with the us before . 
  if you mean to say that they might be found in my country , they ca n't . 
  i have been to literally every asian shop within 6 hours ' distance . 
  also , the imported white rabbit tends to be hard and not so soft and chewy . 
  friend , yes . 
  however , the shipping price . 
  also , the freshness . 
  also , vat and customs fees ( i get them on everything from the us ) . 
  also , i would probably prefer exchanging , because of the extra fun it gives . 
  just register a qq account and log in with that to download from baidu pan . 
  fun fact - you can log in with qq on tsdm as well . 
  not worth it , that much . 
  you did wrong , yes . 
  you have learned your lesson , and thankfully got your money back . 
  cheers . 
  also :, 
  the first picture : google translate some chinese , saying that the dimensions are wrong , and pop that on a picture with you holding the skin on your computer . 
  second picture : measure the skin , find the dimensions for the pro computer , and screenshot them as well . 
  show the difference . 
  third picture : screenshot the page where it says that you ordered the pro version . 
  also write that it is bent and does n't look like marble . 
  perhaps switch out one of the suggestions here for that ? 
  \u4ea7\u54c1\u7684\u5c3a\u5bf8\u4e0d\u6b63\u786e - the product 's dimensions are incorrect . 
  \u4ea7\u54c1\u66f2\u7684 - the product is bent . 
  indeed . 
  sorry , could you wait until february ? 
  all the novels by that author are good ( especially the girl who ate death and the girl who bore the flame ring ) , because the author is very good at portraying madness . 
  however , i would like to say that `` yuusha , aruiwa bakemono to yobareta shoujo '' 's translation is abysmal ( from chinese , and barely understandable , for me at least ) . 
  true , i ca n't complain , it 's free , but it was rough . 
  and there is so little that 's translated ... 
  if only i could translate . . 
  well , mtl assisted stuff is pretty easy to do if you have low-ish vocab but a grasp of the grammar . 
  i have translated some early ryuugoroshi that way , but the chapters are so bloody long !, 
  that 's what jisho , goo dictionary , weblio , google translate , baidu translate , jmdict , and finally / r/translator is for . . !, 
  is n't that when you say `` fuck it '' , and put it up anyway , and you edit it a week later , when you know what it 's supposed to say ? 
  paranoia do n't mean shit when you 've already messed it up and put it online , you know . 
  you do n't need to !, 
  feel free to pm me or something . 
  you 're one of * those * ... what languages ? 
  thank you !, 
  same here . 
  i have messaged the seller and asked for a resend . 
  what service ? 
  singapore post ? 
  the message is `` package is undeliverable due to act airline accident '' . 
  if you google act airline accident , that 's the latest ( and only ) accident that act has been part of . 
  also , it was from hong kong to istanbul . 
  ja , for s\u00f8ren !, 
  swedish guy here . 
  thus , i can understand danish , and german to an extent . 
  i am also studying french ( oui ) . 
  i know . 
  will drop it . 
  some kind of lens business you have going there ? 
  `` there is dust inside of the lens , but no mold or cloudiness . '', 
  a few days , maybe 10-14 days . 
  thank you for your support !, 
  i hope that this will work out , somehow . 
  holy fucking shit , that japtem hurt my eyes . 
  even the later mtls are better , by a long run . 
  it 's chinese new year everyone !, 
  i am trying , but can not fathom it . 
  holy bananas , some later chapters really sucked . 
  it hurts when i try to remember it . 
  fragmented , typical * hello me not good at english * sentences . 
  i might be too critical , but it felt unreadable at places . 
  japtem , you messed up . 
  berserker , kill them . 
  mmm . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not saying that everything was bad , but the parts that were bad ... 
  i will not repeat myself . 
  true .
