  that 's very normal - yanwen , sunyou , and any incarnations of china post all suck . 
  thanks !, 
  you dispute them separately . 
  the tracking number is invalid . 
  mate , i do n't know if you have understood me correctly . 
  i am offering to make a shitty logo , not asking anyone to do it . 
  pm me and we can work it out . 
  what ? 
  first time i 've seen one of those . 
  film when you open every package . 
  it 's the end-all evidence if an item is not sent as described . 
  it will probably take a few days to a week . 
  [ removed ], 
  so , am i shadowbanned ? 
  i have no idea why , and what should i do ? 
  i have sent 1 pm , and started a thread at / r/invites . 
  i have thoroughly read the reddiquette . 
  i purchased a phone , and it got sent via aliexpress standard shipping/cainiao/singapore post . 
  how much time do you think it would take to sweden ? 
  update :, 
  successful departure from warehouse, 
  thanks !, 
  i do not get this . 
  i have a sound card in the sound blaster series . 
  it advertises that the music will sound better , etc , etc. 
  but is it an amp ; will it amplify a pair of headphones ? 
  i would like a translation of the thai inscription on this gun from black lagoon . 
  any help is appreciated !, 
  [ removed ], 
  i purchased cases for the wrong model . 
  unopened , unused . 
  model : frosted shield , a3100 aka a310f . 
  $ 8 plus shipping each , paypal . 
  i am willing to sell through middleman , i know i 'm new . 
  pm for pictures !, 
  when i listen to some early 2000s pop ( i.e nami tamaki - believe ) , i listen to what i believe is trance techno pop . 
  do you know of any other good artist that performs/performed the same genre of music ? 
  schools that punish swearing !, 
  so you need to return it and the loop begins again !, 
  fluent english and swedish speaker . 
  if you need any translations done , beam me up . 
  i need some 999 herbal medicine . 
  however , the country where i am staying prefers eeg imports , and importing medicine from outside the eeg is a pain . 
  where can i get some 999 outside of guo ? 
  isk is a chinese company that sells some pretty nice stuff . 
  i can recommend the hp-2011 , you can get that one for $ 39 with free shipping . 
  the sound is great for the price !, 
  does anyone else use their products ? 
  i am a swede , and can send some classical swedish stuff like the marabou chocolate , ahlgrens bilar , etc. 
  since it 's been a long time since i 've run out of white rabbit ( \u5927\u767d\u5154 ) , i am looking for it . 
  i am also looking for some other classical asian candy , like hi-chew , and other stuff from \u51a0\u751f\u56ed ( guanshengyuan ) . 
  none of this is set in stone , i am open for everything ( within reason ) . 
  just beam me up , and we can discuss this . 
  cheers !, 
  hello maties ,, 
  i am a student from sweden . 
  i hope that this stay will be for long , it seems like it 'll be fun . 
  i hope you have a lovely ( sunny ) day !, 
  is there an epub for 1-6 of the light novel at least ? 
  so , i fancy some nice nong stuff . 
  i ask sellers to pls ship outside of harmonious guo . 
  how the heck do i get my cheap stuff ( < 100 kuai ) out of china with as minimal a shipping cost as possible ? 
  agent ? 
  keep on pushing ? 
  i live in the nordics btw . 
  because of the yen press licensing , are onii-sama still translating the light novels 18 and onwards ? 
  hi there !, 
  when i browse the taiwanese hi-chew page ( http://www.hi-chew.com.tw/ ) , i see multiple flavours that can not be purchased outside taiwan ( or in my country , sweden . 
  only one shop in my country sells hi-chew at all . 
  and it 's 6 hours away . 
  no lie . ), 
  i would totally like to try the cherry blossom one and the qmmy one . 
  i am willing to pay for everything . 
  can anyone help me ? 
  i really would like some pocari sweat . 
  i am looking for some of those powder mix sachets . 
  i do n't care where they 're from , kr , cn , jp are all fine . 
  [ removed ], 
  i purchased a 90s japanese metal album , capriccio by \u9ed2\u876a\u8776 , and would like one of their songs ( sad song ) translated . 
  if no one wants to translate the whole song , just the gist of the meaning is fine as well . 
  thank you in advance !!, 
  text transcribed by me :, 
  hello there !, 
  i have a craving for some chinese snacks and they are impossible to get here . 
  the things i am looking for include \u8106\u9999\u7c73 , perhaps some chinese pocky/pretz , and some of that hi-chew ( grapefruit flavoured ? ) . 
  any other chinese candies are also welcome . . !, 
  i would be happy if i could just purchase it , but if you want something from me in exchange i 'll happily send something for you . 
  cheers !, 
  it would be nice to know the source of the samples found in this song , especially the first and second arabic ( what i guess are ) recitals . 
  i have searched everywhere for the first bismillah , but ca n't find it read in that way anywhere . 
  link : https://soundcloud.com/talib_official/d-s-p-a-i?in=talib_official/sets/d-s-p-a-i-2015, 
  i am trying to register a yahoo !, 
  wallet account , and would like to know how to format it , as my japanese knowledge and google translate are n't really being so helpful at the moment . 
  how it looks when i try to register :, 
  thank you !, 
  you might want to receive a letter for a variety of reasons . 
  some legal , some illegal . 
  i do n't give a fuck what you do with my letters . 
  you just might be lonely , you poor reddit user . 
  for a small extra fee , you can choose what will be written in the letter .
