  thank you for your understanding . ), 
  [ my preferred ], 
  i just love her style now . 
  insult better then , bitchtits !, 
  now run away to momma and cry . 
  fuck you . 
  uk teen , male . 
  if you are in need , then just hit me up . 
  it would , in fact , spoil too much . 
  ( i +1 it ), 
  it 's danish ? 
  i 'm a swede so i 'll try my best . 
  ! wronglanguage : da, 
  edit :, 
  i can make out `` frankrig ( france ) '' in the middle address bar . 
  third row , first work : `` civile ( civil ) '', 
  afaik , the nubia is owned by a chinese only daughter company of zte . 
  it is thus made in china , sold for the chinese market , and cheaper because of taxes . 
  the consumer price for the 3gb version is about 1400 rmb ( 214 usd ) , plus shipping . 
  a wholesaler can buy in bulk and get it cheaper . 
  i 've got the xiaomi redmi note 3 pro , and it 's totally worth it . 
  i just wrote the facts out . 
  but i would get the 32gb version , from top-one trading on aliexpress . 
  they are fantastic !, 
  it totally looks thai here as well !, 
  also :, 
  orka can also be used as an idiom ; jag orkar inte ; i ca n't be arsed to . 
  ask the seller for the address in chinese characters . 
  it 's a lot easier to work with . 
  this `` street address '' includes district , locality , etc. 
  he lives somewhere in baiyun district . 
  pm me . 
  yeah , as long as you use gsm and wcdma in canada , you 'll most probably be ok , but check willmyphonework . 
  well , you could embed romaji lyrics in the file itself , and then play it with something like poweramp ? 
  all ops and eds from mobile suit gundam seed . 
  swedish :, 
  running newest global rom , i believe you are in luck . 
  i believe it 's good , yes . 
  it started to take off at around episode 3 for me . 
  i 'm usually not a hater btw . 
  everyone has their own opinions , however code geass is actually the # 1 anime for me . 
  good luck !, 
  i beg to differ . 
  i use taobao before ebay . 
  it prevails , to be honest . 
  ooh , thread because you purchased cheap shitty ones !, 
  you 'll be absolutely fine . 
  just go jd.com or tmall . 
  i would give her a jacket , she looks cold . 
  quietly . 
  alipay is absolutely fine . 
  it 's alibaba , not some dodgy other wholesale store ... 
  chthonic - defenders of b\u00f9-tik palace, 
  also : fripside - only my railgun, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a shame , but have a nice day anyway !, 
  thanks for answering !, 
  well , because it just consists of candy right now , the weirdest item , most probably , is the matcha kitkat . 
  this is because :, 
  i do n't even drink green tea usually , but it just showed up on the wish list like it belonged there , like a boss . 
  it 's a green tea flavoured kitkat . 
  what kind of person thinks `` ah , what a great idea !, 
  green tea and kitkats , so obvious ! '' ? 
  it 's a kitkat . 
  who puts kitkats on their wish list , really ? 
  i sincerely hope that this answer answers your question . 
  any more , just ask !, 
  cheerio !, 
  thank you matie !, 
  no , i do not have any pets currently , too little time to care for any ... 
  oh , how nice , however the sun is setting around these parts . 
  it 's a nice sunset . 
  i am happy for you , sun is nice . 
  the sun is just about setting here , but it 's warm , and it 's been nice here during the afternoon . 
  ooh , sounds interesting . 
  i 'm happy that i 'm not the only one that thought of these points . 
  good , let 's see if i can get my mits on them some time . 
  unfortunately they are n't sold here . 
  here it 's currently 20:05 . 
  it 's still warm though , it was really nice during the afternoon . 
  well , i 'm half-british . 
  therefore i have a rp british accent , along with my swedish being bog-standard . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you for answering !, 
  well , i found you while looking for gifting subreddits . 
  i am a fan of gifting , and reddit , and what could be better than both combined ? 
  thank you for answering , i 'm sorry for you . 
  i hope something will happen soon that makes the situation a tad better . 
  none of my relatives voted `` leave '' either . 
  yeah , who cares ? 
  sweets are sweets , they are to be enjoyed ... anyhoo , have a lovely day !, 
  qotd : 6 . 
  i 've been to sweden ( my home country ) , the uk , denmark , germany , france and belgium . 
  my favourite experience was walking in london , and resting in sunny parks ( i 'm not lying , there was sun ) . 
  that was nice . 
  btw , it 's the 28th here already :p, 
  good luck !, 
  if they ca n't handle your weird , they ca n't handle you . 
  bumble bee patterned , you said . 
  how do they look ?
