  thanks, 
  hello !, 
  i hope the weather is nice where you 're at !, 
  clouds , some sunshine at times . 
  i hope you get some sun !, 
  oh , my avatar is usually this :, 
  takk !, 
  you 're fine . 
  nothing is going to kill you , especially not from japan . 
  the fate anime and visual novel series . 
  it is enough for me and my friends , 
  thank you !, 
  / u/jojewels92, 
  thank you for answering in my introduction thread , i am so happy for that . 
  you made my introduction here warm and cozy !, 
  there was some discussion as well . 
  you guys are splendid !, 
  also :, 
  / u/dblue236, 
  / u/book-bunny, 
  / u/sewitally, 
  well ... 
  i would n't choose an elephone if i were you . 
  they literally spit out two models a month = no future updates . 
  mega.nz and pan.baidu.com . 
  pm me , and i might be able to help me . 
  yeah . 
  it is fantastic . 
  i got it from top-one trading on aliexpress . 
  they are top notch . 
  well , the phone will probably work with 4g in areas with a high 4g expansion/fast 4g . 
  2100 is the band mostly used in cities . 
  it 'll work , but not everywhere . 
  3g will work completely . 
  no , that 's not how it works , simply . 
  the band structure is such , that the lower bands focus on coverage , with higher bands focusing on speed , but they have lower coverage . 
  thus your ( and my ) phone has high-speed 4g in limited areas . 
  the lower bands are often used as backup . 
  no problem !, 
  weather is, 
  clouds with the occasional rain ... 
  the whole day . 
  23:00 here now . 
  it 's great , about 75000 on antutu . 
  battery life 1.5 days of quite heavy usage . 
  it runs 5.1 , but will be upgraded to 6 soon . 
  thanks mamallama , i feel a little more reassured now . 
  that 's ancient though , and runs meego . 
  you 're , most probably , out of luck . 
  `` make llamas great again '' . 
  i am not native !, 
  i have a little knowledge in chinese and japanese . 
  there is one under the opponent . 
  `` one '' is pretty unclear without the context . 
  there is one ( thing ) under the opponent . 
  tonic water . 
  and you ? 
  i do n't drive . 
  it 's expensive . 
  yes , and no . 
  there are trains like 3 minutes from where i live , but you got ta plan because it 's like 3/hour per direction . 
  buses are good , and i live in the middle of a village so walking is fine within the village . 
  good luck with your phone !, 
  you unplug and turn it on . 
  as seen in the comments for another day , me and / u/mamallama , `` make llamas great again '' . 
  is the problem a quality defect , i.e a manufacturer problem ? 
  is the screen bad quality ? 
  if the seller agrees that it is , snap a metric fuckton of pictures and videos , and escalate . 
  just make sure the seller does n't say it 's an installation error . 
  if the seller does n't agree that it is , wait for someone that has disputed more than me . 
  also , the seller will try to negotiate , ask you to change reasons , etc , but do not accept that , unless you 've received the money first or something like that . 
  i personally would n't do it at any time . 
  i have no idea , but i like tachiyomi . 
  open-source , kissmanga , no ads . 
  fun run , one of them was called , i remember . 
  the maps would change and it would go `` fresh meat !, 
  only his railgun can shoot it !, 
  swedish : s\u00f6tsug, 
  only used for sweet stuff ; sweet craving . 
  my favourite task is the toilet break . 
  reflash the rom !!, 
  mtk is weird with screen replacements . 
  also e-mail inew and ask them if the screen driver is updated !!, 
  their email is helenho@inewphone.com, 
  well imo it is n't so good , but try it out !, 
  either you like it , or you do n't , i guess . 
  hello there !, 
  absolutely fantastic , this is !, 
  thanks !, 
  picture 20 , source ? 
  i agree . 
  see-saw at its best . 
  chocolate . 
  it 's fast , you just open the wrapper . 
  this site has it in stock , for an arm and a leg though ... 
  control your gifting !, 
  i have kitkats for cheap . 
  yum . 
  apu from the simpsons . 
  just a series of him running his shop would be pure gold .
