  trust me , i 'm a swede . 
  moose tourists, 
  / / south of sweden, 
  files processed : 520ms/number :982, 
  start file monitoring service !, 
  i have no idea what this means . 
  i am also not a native speaker . 
  what phone have you got ? 
  weird !, 
  i have no idea, 
  we do n't sell those in bags , but i recall that i put some in the pick and mix bag . 
  how is it ? 
  swedish comedy `` s\u00e4llskapsresan '' . 
  please add line breaks and paragraphs . 
  my eyes bleed . 
  selling dotdotbuy balance , about 11 yuan + 10 yuan shipping voucher expiring the 24th . 
  i will probably never use dotdotbuy again , i have no need for them . 
  they 're not for me . 
  $ 2 paypal , gift please . 
  i can give you the stuff first if you do n't believe me . 
  yes . 
  enough for now though . 
  i messed up on a return , etc etc. 
  i have nothing to buy , and when i tried to buy some cheap shit it could n't be sent using the china cheapie post , minimising the risk of customs destroying the items . 
  they had to return the items for a total of 20 rmb , more that half my balance . 
  i still have nothing to buy , and even less money in the balance . 
  i thought why not give it to someone who wants money for less money . 
  that 's it . 
  it is n't so very funny , removing my frugalness . 
  [ not japanese , but have an idea about parcels in asia ], 
  just go to your local post office . 
  for small parcels ( 2kg or less ) , just the normal air mail usually is cheapest . 
  for larger parcels , see sea freight . 
  ufret.jp and, 
  is all you need . 
  download it yourself . 
  shame on you . 
  vk.com for mp3s . 
  baidu pan and rutracker for the rest . 
  yes , items under $ 10 are commonly untracked . 
  ( china post small parcel plus ) , and items with tracking numbers consisting of 11 or 12 digits only ( no letters ) , with the exception of sf express . 
  if the tracking number has letters in ( rr ********* cn for an example ) , it might be that it has n't been picked up by the shipping company - maybe the vendor only has printed a shipping label . 
  just wait . 
  you can pm me the tracking number if you want and i 'll do some searches . 
  i 'm on vacation unfortunately , it should have come last friday . 
  going back home on monday . 
  yes !, 
  thank you !, 
  would you mind sending them ? 
  none , to be honest . 
  it tends to annoy me , so i always take it off within an hour of the `` jewellry urge '' haha . 
  thank you !!, 
  thank me later . 
  not an option unfortunately . 
  the items are n't listed there and i have bad experiences asking sellers for favours . 
  illegal but a very good search engine ( in chinese only ) . 
  it 's second hand , rank b. 
  rank b says nothing to me , probably a site-only classification . 
  you can buy it yourself , but it 's not in stock in all stores . 
  it can also be sent by courier . 
  butter . 
  nutella . 
  peanut butter . 
  chocolate . 
  avocado . 
  apple . 
  yes , a little bastardic toast , wobbling around on its own . 
  i 'm on the channel , but did n't see so many updates really . 
  thanks !, 
  5 minutes early , or at the nick of time . 
  yup . . !, 
  my home town is known for the quite nice parks , shopping , and not very nice sub-urbs . 
  me right now . 
  unlimited data , 3g speeds . 
  for about $ 9/mo . 
  they rundown are , violence during weekends commonplace maybe . 
  i 'm a swede . 
  want anything ? 
  i believe i can get licourice flavoured chewing gum for you if you want ? 
  sorry , but what do you mean with single packs ? 
  one stick ? 
  one small bag ? 
  everything the same flavour ? 
  my comfort food is a potato salad , german style . 
  what the banana ? 
  i 've never heard of that lol , hope you slept well !, 
  these days , / r/snackexchange , because it is about exchanges , not gifting , 
  the seller was probably sketchy . 
  probably a spoofed number aka . 
  indian scam as it has an invalid amount of digits . 
  also the first zero should n't be there . 
  come on !, 
  the seller might be a scammer , but i think that aliexpress are unable to verify you and your amex . 
  they are legit ffs , but some sellers scam you . 
  there is no perfect security screening . 
  aliexpress 's payment processor , alipay , is incorporated in the uk , i.e so far the eu . 
  you are safe . 
  teenage mutant ninja arms ? 
  however i understand you . 
  i have never got that error .
