  also , please note that yanwen parcels are sent with a variety of shipping methods via many different countries , so the delivery time can be very irregular . 
  i cancelled and re-ordered an order , both were deducted from my account ( both finished processing ) , but the refund simply took a week or so to arrive . 
  i got the money back for one order , but i lost like 2 usd in bank fees and exchange rates . 
  sorry for your sake . 
  do n't forget to extend protection time , and dispute if it still does n't come before that !, 
  is n't `` josun '' or `` choson '' what nk calls their country ? 
  china consumer protection law :, 
   article 27 : proprietors must not insult or defame consumers , and must not search the persons of consumer or their effects , and must not infringe the consumers ' physical liberty . 
  they actually do , apparently in a pretty dry way too . 
  source : http://news.stanford.edu/pr/2014/pr-memory-war-asia-040414.html, 
  messed-up shit . 
  this . 
  many times this . 
  men eldorado ... ica basic ... 
  when does your purchase protection end ? 
  what shipping method ? 
  what reason did you choose when you opened the dispute ? 
  has the dispute ended or not ? 
  i would like to say that you 're fine - the dispute is escalated , the purchase protection time has ended and you 've opened a dispute for the right reason . 
  just wait until the dispute has finished , and you should get your money back . 
  i know that feeling . 
  good luck !, 
  you must be kidding , 10-20k usd is a bargain for one casing !, 
  an entire generation of johnson-graf xeroforbic famulation tools literally vanished , making the casings impossible to reproduce . 
  they are incredibly rare - i would sell off my entire collection of original manuscripts about the history of the g7 , by vachkovsky in order to get just one of them . 
  did no-one ever tell you that the insulation of the fibreglass looping core is non-existent ? 
  you 've got a nuclear accident just waiting to happen - there 's a reason why the industry adopted new standards and sanctioned the factories who did n't adhere to the safer standards . 
  in addition , some parts of it are n't clear - the flux signals might go to the wrong wiring , making the tls reading go up by several microunits . 
  tl ; dr : they are not only intrusive to the tube circuits ' delicate wiring , they are also really dangerous and should be phased out . 
  yeah , thank you so much !, 
  i have a long way to go . 
  about the typo , yeah , that seems likely - i thought the same thing . 
  where is kouvola , finland ? 
  it makes you happier when you get away from there , it makes you appreciate life so much more . 
  yes . 
  well , i am partly at fault . 
  take an upvote as an apology . 
  full song :, 
  http://picosong.com/icne/ ( at 4:16 to about 4:43 ), 
  context is here :, 
  so far , i have gotten something like :, 
  any help appreciated !, 
  and thank you so much for existing !, 
  swedish poem :, 
  swedish prose :, 
  ahh ... brazil . 
  your customs like chinese packages . 
  i have seen reports of packages being stolen by customs , i have seen packages that have taken over 120 days to be delivered . 
  good luck - apparently customs takes up a lot of time . 
  r-cn packages are often not trackable outside of china any more , and as such 10 days is normal . 
  to europe it 'll take about 15-20 days after `` departed origin country '' . 
  it 's normal . 
  there has never been an update before 10 days after that information ( with registered mail ) . 
  and where there has been an update , it has always been `` arrived at destination country '' . 
  that looks like yanwen , which means that there probably will be no further updates until you have received the item , it 's the cheapest and most untracked postal option . 
  it 's air mail speed though , so it 'll take about two months at the most ( if you do n't live in brazil , italy , canada , or any other country with very bad customs ), 
  we really need a faq for this type of question . 
  very low ( often russian ) standards , sellers that want 5 stars at any cost , and inflation . 
  the stars mean nothing , read the reviews instead . 
  a good one has notes on shipping time , location , product quality , and has a seller communication rating . 
  everything should be ok - it 's been like that for me too . 
  aliexpress just takes a little while to process the information that you have been refunded , i guess . 
  what do you mean legit ? 
  the seller just wants you to buy more . 
  if you do n't buy more that 's fine too - they 'll send your item anyway . 
  the site is simply very popular in russia . 
  aliexpress can often not ship to china , and it is very possible that dhl , ems , and ups will not be cheaper even if you do not go through a seller . 
  in the app : pay using other method , then get out of that alipay page thingy . 
  press yes if it prompts you if you want to cancel the payment or not . 
  then you 'll be able to place an order without paying . 
  i have tried to find a good mailbox service before , try superbuy.com . 
  the rates are ok , i guess . 
  it took like two weeks for me - the money was even taken from my account but it was refunded a few days later . 
   50 people, 
  more like five . 
  full metal panic !, 
  ! , and allison . 
  especially allison . 
  i would have done , but that depends on how much you trust the seller . 
  if you do , ask the seller to extend the protection time so that you can receive the new item ( so that if you do n't receive it , you can dispute again ) . 
  i happen to know that isis released a song in chinese promoting joining them , named '' \u6211\u4eec\u662fmujahid '' , or `` we are mujahid '' . 
  we should have this in the sidebar . 
  it 's random , pretty normal , and it 's completely safe to share your details , but if you ca n't be bothered to share them , create a new account . 
  you up ? 
  ask for an extension of the protection time if the store still exists . 
  if it does n't , dispute the item . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a swede too . 
  torkan \u00e4ro total . 
  how come so many people are so half-arsed when it comes to jp stuff ? 
  most people just read manga or watch anime , but literally no-one descends into the depth of j-music , wns and lns, 
  you like anything asian or obscure ? 
  spotify is not for you . 
  i do n't want to be that guy , but do n't you typically pay for stuff like this ? 
  the news was fake - tea is ( still ) one of the only categories of food allowed for sale . 
  full metal panic . . yeah !, 
  you have good taste . 
  i wo n't say that `` gr\u00e4s\u00e4nkling '' in in wide use in swedish ( how often do you need to express that in english ? 
  ) , but most people would know what it is . 
  a swedish comedian named povel ramel made a blues song about the phenomena - most probably , this is what people think of when they hear `` gr\u00e4s\u00e4nkling '' : https://youtu.be/e7crwwje8xk,
