  i agree . 
  contact aliexpress support , they might be able to give you a courtesy refund if you mention that the seller kind-of denied you an opportunity to dispute . 
  how long is a rope ? 
  this is a very abstract question . 
  quality depends on the factory that has made the item , the price of the materials , and the seller 's ability to give a fuck , among other things . 
  therefore , this question depends on what you buy . 
  if you buy really cheap shit , chances are that the quality will be shit as well . 
  this is the truth of sourcing stuff . 
  you need to do stuff trial and error if you use aliexpress , because many things that seem good are n't good , and many things that do n't seem good are good . 
  in addition , if they can screw you without getting caught , chinese sellers will screw you . 
  my answer is a resounding `` that depends '' . 
  kolla dhl , postnords internationella paket , schenker , och ups . 
  i really do n't know , china post is so inconsistent about everything . 
  note : the sj sound ( in sjutton ) refers to the [ `` voiceless palatal-velar fricative '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiceless_palatal-velar_fricative ), 
  actually no , it would mean something like self-restraint more than it would mean self-control . 
  yes , it does have those connotations . 
  i would call it technically correct , but i 'll edit the post to clarify right now . 
  it 's normal , and it should be quite safe , as alipay/alibaba is a large and serious company . 
  it 's old and tacky . 
  h33d m@h wr0ds mu7h4fuck4 !!!, 
  what . 
  the . 
  extend the purchase protection for 30 days , wait until 10 days are left of that , and then dispute . 
  do n't do paypal , it never is a good idea ( and trust me , i 've tried ) . 
  the seller will rip you off . 
  he will make you pay the fees , making you end up with much less . 
  true . 
  he will never ask you , you will end up with a surprise . 
  if you check paypal , you will see a payment . 
  the fees will be deducted from the amount that you got sent . 
  thus you will end up with less . 
  no , do n't take the paypal money at all , you will save yourself money and sanity . 
  go via aliexpress instead . 
  i will fucking edit . 
  i posted a thread a while ago , and will take you up on that role , if you so wish for an editor . 
  in addition , i would do from vol . 
  it it impossible to purchase ( for a fair rrp price , especially for people overseas ) , or find vol . 
  vimla and hallon are good mvno companies . 
  i use vimla and am quite happy with it ( 22 gb max/month ) , but other providers ( tele2 i know ) , have unlimited data . 
  international calls are slightly expensive , but check out delight mobile or lycamobile for cheap calls . 
  very nice , china good , do you know it ? 
  i eat rice in chinese factory every day . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  ask your local samsung presence if they can determine if your phone is genuine or not . 
  ask them to give you a statement . 
  send that as proof . 
  i guess that this is a korean hotel rip of a movie . 
  yes , you can . 
  postnl only means that the item is sent via the netherlands , using one of their tracking numbers . 
  the task is claimed ; therefore it 's closed . 
  edit : by / u/antisocialsocialengr, 
  first of all comes a subjective opinion - i think that the search bar is too large . 
  second of all , it does indeed take a while to load chapters . 
  i hope that this can be improved on . 
  third of all , would it be possible to integrate novel updates into this app ? 
  i would , perhaps most of all , appreciate the reading list functionality . 
  i repeat :, 
  [ senketsu no elf ] ( http://www.novelupdates.com/series/senketsu-no-elf/ ) ( aka elvenblood ) , volume 2 . 
  raws are available as jpg ( or just ask krytyk ! ), 
  synopsis :, 
   what was left for the boy , was just the girl . 
  and what the girl chose , was just the boy . 
   human siblings living in a remote village , elven siblings living deep in the forest . 
  their peace , of them who should not have been friends , should have continued forever . 
  however , when the elves suddenly invaded the human world , the feelings of the four were torn apart and they took different paths . 
  eventually , the human boy imina , and the elf girl ellis , stood on the battlefield . 
  the sword he held was crimson . 
  the same colour that had flowed on it , and would flow on it from then onwards ... 
   the sharp , blood-coloured dark fantasy begins here !, 
  i give you a few paragraphs on why from laurence02 , on novelupdates forums . 
   why it should get picked up : krytyk dropped it , because it was too dark for him . 
  i threw myself head and shoulders into this novel , thinking `` it 's ca n't be that bad , right ? 
  '' , after seeing `` warning : weak-hearted people should stay away from this . 
  this novel contains darkness in its purest and absolute form ! '' . 
  ( un ) fortunally , it was that bad . 
  this novel is a textbook example of a classic bait-and-switch - it 's nice and light in the beginning , but after that it turns dark . 
  180 turn , illegal u-turn on highway , real fucking dark . 
   the characters are wonderfully flawed , and are written in a wonderfully entertaining way ( i do n't mean funny-ha-ha entertaining , i mean holy-fucking-shit-this-is-so-messed-up-entertaining ) . 
  everything is so lifelike - the characters feel incredibly genuine and you become attached very easily . 
  everyone has their own personality , and even the side-ish characters are pretty fleshed out in terms of backstory . 
   speaking about backstory , this is where the story really shines . 
  you get completely bombarded with information about the characters , the local culture and such , but in such a genial way that it does n't feel like an infodump . 
  the author ( yuu fujiwara ) is a genius in many ways , but this is where i really appreciate it ; information that is n't in your face , that acts more like a finishing touch than as a `` here-you-go-read-this-backstory-i-spent-an-entire-five-minutes-thinking-about '' . 
   this series has potential to become one of the best series that has graced us with its presence here on novel updates . 
  however , this is only achieved when a translator picks up a project . 
  i beg you , please . 
  thank you for answering !, 
  a reflector . 
  one that you use on your jackets in winter . 
  i really appreciate this . 
  thanks corsair and gigabyte . 
  now give it to me , pl0x . 
  it is the time that the seller has to send your item . 
  on that note , al-ammar chocolate ( from jordan ) , is quite possibly the worst chocolate that i have ever eaten . 
  do not feed that to people . 
  if the assumption is correct , `` dagboksf\u00f6rfattare '' would be correct for swedish . 
  perhaps . 
  i can still feel the taste ( disgusting ) . 
  as i live in a western country , it might be an export thing . . 
  i googled , and found references to syria , egypt but not jordan .
