  this is , most likely , a hardware issue . 
  the blinking red led could indicate that the phone is in some kind of other mode ( edl ? ), 
  - seeing as there is a led blinking at all , the power supply probably is n't the ( whole ) problem . 
  i would like to say that the motherboard is dead , but that would be jumping too far . 
  i believe that this is a motherboard issue though - just out of my expertise . 
  i 'm afraid that i can not help you further . 
  main story completely translated . 
  so will you , tomorrow ( march 17 ) . 
  check intmail .183 . com.cn and ems.com.cn, 
  took about 90 days , i opened a dispute and got my money back before i received the item . 
  not good . 
  ( sweden ), 
  ranobe bunko is the publisher . 
  romanised , the title is `` gunshi/sagishi wa kamihitoe '' . 
  i guess a rough translation would be `` tactician/swindlers are of a paper-thin difference '' . 
  fair enough , i did not double-check that . . :(, 
  read the jcafe24 volumes 1-5 . 
  then , if you must , check japtem for the missing chapters via web.archive.org and then go on to durasama and at last elementalcobalt . 
  edit : or wait until the light novel series has ended and has been translated by j-novel club . 
  yup . 
  all fine . 
  the seller sent the correct item and answered my inquiries . 
  it 's complicated . 
  i would recommend that you pay via paypal , or at least find someone with it . 
  you can then send the person with paypal some money , they can send it to you via wechat , and you can send it to the seller . 
  please note that you can not withdraw wechat money without a chinese bank account . 
  also , beware of being screwed/chinarr ` ed . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  damn ... 
  i am incredibly happy for your sake , that you left that piece of shit . 
  also , please call the coppers on that . 
  that shit needs to be eradicated . 
  first number is probably fake . 
  ask the seller for a real number . 
  about the second number , that 's normal for it not to be scanned until it arrives to your country . 
  relax , wait another week or two . 
  none , except ad revenue amirite ? 
  i have seeded three uploads of mine , no leeching at all . 
  what do you do with no seedbox ? 
  two weeks of active seeding time each . 
  yeah . 
  that 's it , i guess . 
  ugreen cables ? 
  locale emulator ( http://pooi.moe/locale-emulator/ ) works well for me on a english copy of windows 8.1 . 
  yes . 
  according to xiaomi hk , they are authorised . 
  my email first picture , answer second picture . 
  of course , customer support could have written the wrong thing , but i would like to believe that it is , in fact , authorised . 
  all right . 
  nope . 
  translation aggregator is the best mtl tool . 
  however , i sincerely recommend that you learn some grammar first . 
  so much misinformation . 
  s.f.express send their international items from shenzhen to sham shui po ( hong kong ) , often via another distribution central in the other continent ( i.e europe ) , and then to your country . 
  your item is in transit , between hong kong and your country . 
  ] kaze no stigma [ . 
  it was enjoyable , and it had the potential to be a very popular , good series , but then the author died . 
  so true . 
  painfully so . 
  the wn main story is translated . 
  the after story is currently being translated . 
  i would totally recommend the trains . 
  for malm\u00f6 to copenhagen , take a commuter train ( \u00d6resundst\u00e5g ) , and for the rest check www.sj.se . 
  and you pray to the web.archive.org gods . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  heard about this one before , guess i 've got to read it . 
  i do n't know if i 'm supposed to write `` seems good '' , but honestly it does . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  currently reading overlord . 
  dungeon defense has ben recommended , and hakomari ... well ... 
  i guess i 've got to read it . 
  i guess this applies to the whole fate franchise , right ? 
  i guess i must read them as well ... 
  it 's a hard life . 
  check here . 
  that does depend on your taste . 
  i personally like the fluffiness that comes after that , it becomes a slight bit grittier at the very end but it does n't return to the same high mark , i believe . 
  if you 're a fast reader , you wo n't lose much time . 
  i recommend you try . 
  ( ` tis a joke ! ), 
  we arr innosento . 
  it 's getting scary now . 
  i do n't really understand if you are sarcastic or not ; my deepest apologies if you are n't . 
  people are different . 
  i apologise . 
  it 's public . 
  i 've lost face . 
  if illegal is ok , check jpopsuki . 
  their albums are there . 
  if you want to support them , get second-hand physical copies of the cds from yahoo auctions or amazon.jp and purchase them via an agent . 
  it is sent via sweden/suecia ( direct link ) , but is forwarded to brazil . 
  it is normal . 
  i know who that seller is , and it is very irritating , but not a scam . 
  they 've blocked adult stuff in the app , and people speculate that it is because of google play regulations . 
  i guess the website is the only alternative really . 
  it 's yanwen , a service that in my experience can either take two weeks or two months - items can be sent via turkey , vanuatu , estonia ( among many other countries ) , depending on what is cheapest for them . 
  this makes the delivery time very irregular , impossible to estimate . 
  yanwen can not be tracked further - my speculation is that yanwen checks what plane the sack of packages was sent on and updates the tracking when the plane has arrived to the destination country . 
  for me , it takes one or two weeks for the item to arrive to my postbox after that update .
