  thay are lovely , especially the coconut flavoured bar . . !, 
  berries , chocolate chip cookie , banana choco , cafe latte , cinnamon bun , raspberry and licourice , lemon , mint chocolate are some other flavours . 
  here , in the health food aisle , or by the tills . 
  is there still no ability to freely copy text from posts and comments ? 
  it would be a very good addition !, 
  i feel defeated . . !, 
  i am most certain , no . 
  i just mean the ability to copy text freely . 
  why not get it at top-one on aliexpress ? 
  they 've been very helpful to me . 
  early d.n.angel chapters . 
  chinese raws , shitty typesetting , mis-spellings . 
  anonymous chinese , chapter 11 : [ 10 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lsi4nep.jpg ), 
  also the first elfen lied chapter . 
  korean raws , scans suck . 
  anonymous korean , chapter 1 : [ 3 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/icmr7o5.jpg ), 
  yay !, 
  hello , chinese ( slang ) machine translation !, 
  if you want fakes , there are better places to look , like `` girls '' on dhgate . 
  if you want real ones , do n't go aliexpress , go ebay . 
  swede/brit half here . 
  yup !, 
  that 's the only english translation i 've found , and it fits it very well . . !, 
  true . . !, 
  mmm . 
  i have sent a pm . 
  6 is quite messed up . 
  `` ll '' has been changed to `` l '' for the whole bloody book !, 
  the translations are on jcafe24 . 
  i ca n't give a link , but look there . 
  wow . 
  some jokes ... just do n't get through . 
  yeah , he gets sirius lol, 
  i have a sugar habit . 
  onii-sama ( the translators ) have got a discord server , and there are people on jcafe24 . 
  v. 18 is finishing up - and i believe 19 is commencing soon . 
  anything leeco , xiaomi , meizu is a good bet . 
  ] no game no life [ who hates ngnl , really ? 
  ] the new gate [ i like this , because the universe is quite explained . 
  ] mahouka koukou no rettousei [ i like it . 
  everything is explained , even the technobabble !, 
  ] ultimate antihero [ meh , not so good . 
  protagonist is a bread-and-butter doormat op harem guy . 
  go taobao within china , it 'll not take more than 5 days for a delivery within china ; they typically use express services like s.f. 
  express and yunda express . 
  did you cancel before the guy shipped it ? 
  if so , you 're fine . 
  what does it say above `` order date '' ? 
  good mate !, 
  isk and kz stuff is very good , i have the isk hp2011 and it is incredible for the price . 
  i had the kz ate and ed se and they are very good for the price as well . 
  check taobao via an agent . 
  i use dotdotbuy , 0 % commission . 
  edit : or ask / u/diamondx911 for help , he has a business sending japanese stuff overseas . 
  or use fromjapan.co.jp, 
  taobao.com is like the chinese ebay , but only in chinese . 
  i have found that old original jpop cds and art books are a steal , second hand at least . 
  if it says in the description of an item : `` this item is not a high imitation item '' , or `` this store does not sell high imitation item '' , it 's probably original . 
  you can also probably ask the seller ( using google translate ) for pics , and ask if it is a `` high imitation '' item . 
  dotdotbuy.com is a chinese agent , that helps you reship the stuff from china to where you live . 
  you 'll need to pay the item via them , they 'll get it for you . 
  when it has arrived to them , you will need to pay the international shipping fee from them to you . 
  i use the cheapest option , air small packet . 
  there are multiple guides for both taobao and dotdotbuy on reddit . 
  good luck !, 
  i found a `` the boy and the beast '' artbook here : http://e22a.com/h.zavyyy?cv=aaivuzcq&amp;sm=8e7736, 
  i agree with that . 
  . epub is my jam . 
  no problem , you can probably ask the seller to install the global rom for you , but the china rom is ok as well . 
  you can do it as well , it is n't difficult . 
  just follow a guide . . !, 
  qotd : i would like to see posts from close friends , because celebs are n't really my jam . 
  i have no problem with this for some reason ... 
  it wo n't be a problem . . !, 
  i do n't clear my cookies more often than 3 months in between . 
  debit 's fine . 
  i use debit . 
  kanen ip808 . 
  i got some , want some ? 
  sweden . 
  nope , sorry . 
  you 're better off asking an american . 
  i could get some , but it would be quite expensive , and probably more convenient for you to ask one . 
  i can pay paypal otherwise . 
  if you want some , pm me and i 'll check if i 've got a bag or two left . . !, 
  people who shift the blame . 
  i 'm so pissed right now . 
  i use dotdotbuy and it 's quite nice . 
  airmail shipping 12 rmb / 100g plus the 8 rmb customs fee . 
  other than that , no extra fees . 
  i like ddb , you can message and ask for pics and stuff . 
  you can send in english or google translated chinese , and they 'll answer in english or chinese . 
  you can order through taobao if :, 
  1 . you live in a supported country . 
  2 . you are ok with getting raped by customs and taxes ( they 're a pain here ) . 
  ( talking from swedish experience ), 
  it has arrived ( signed ) to the warehouse/agent i believe , some chinese names are badly translated . 
  or , it has been redirected to another shipping centre . 
  please give me the tracking number and i 'll try to help . 
  i am located in sweden , can reship .
