well thanks , but you could be right . 
  there are indeed challenges in my life i i feel i can hardly manage and also i feel like i do n't get my deservrd credit for all i 'm doing, 
  you seem to refer to a spider in my life that is really hard to kill and i ca n't manage to just let it go, 
  my father suddenly died one night at the age of 46 after he noticed some random arrhythmia that he did n't took serious . 
  when the ambulance arrived they were n't able to save him anymore . 
  they could n't tell what exactly was wrong with him , they only said it probably had been caused by some heart malfunction or something like that - ca n't remember exactly . 
  tl ; dr : i consider that my father might have had that condition too, 
  it 's okay , but thanks for your commiseration, 
  i did n't expect any response therefore i 'm responding that late, 
  i hope you have a long and fulfilled life in spite of your condition and do n't let it get you down, 
  dirty fingernails - because it 's gangster, 
  that 's far too interesting for this subreddit , almost got a heart attack, 
  chris , i really appreciate your and soundgarden 's work . 
  i adore your voice and the other band members ' skills . 
  when i listen to your music i sometimes wonder how you feel when you sing all those masterpieces over and over again . 
  are they still special for you after all the time ? 
  also , what 's your favourite song to sing ? 
  ps : i would like to see soundgarden in austria some time . 
  i 'm doing a presentation tomorrow . 
  which soundgarden song quote could i probably build in ? 
  nyan cat song, 
  nice username, 
  most of the girls at parties/clubs are too young, 
  me and my friend were at a pub when a random drunk dude walked up to us asking if we had medical knowledge . 
  after getting entangled in a long conversation with him it turns out he was afraid he had broken his hand by beating up a cop and he told us all about his life as a criminal ( being in prison , doing the `` dirty work '' , dealing with drugs , deceiving the law ) . 
  we were glad we got away safely . 
  this is actually beautiful, 
  some hipster applied an artistic filter to your door, 
  title sounds like a post from r/notinteresting, 
  what does jamie eat for breakfast ? 
  met the dentist today , told me i have 5 wisdom teeth , 4 of them growing the way they should , one is very small and does n't really come out , so it hardly counts anyways . 
  same here, 
  i 'm not a doctor , but this might be relevant for you ... 
  drinking [ belgian beer ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/woah.gif ), 
  upvote for the title , and only for the title . 
  not for the content , definitely not , not even if iwere drunk . 
  i am drunk, 
  no , do n't drink jameson as a shot ... sip by sip , and remember keeping it 5 seconds in your mouth before swallowing . 
  i really like hot food , but putting it as a liquid down your throat . . i do n't know . . once i drank the water i washed my empty hotsauce bottle out with ... was not a good idea, 
  `` flying hirsch '' in austria , which is `` flying deer '' in english , never had it , i hate j\u00e4germeister, 
  can i have a diet in order to use all of the nutrients of the food and so not or hardly having to take shits ? 
  heal cancer by ... 
  you 're not from europe , i guess ? 
  what do you mean , you ca n't just start dancing with that girl and simply kiss her ? 
  well , now you can . 
  - every abandoned drink i found, 
  was a good night . 
  one of few . . 
  if you want to have it done properly , do it yourself, 
  that it 's getting colder when winter begins . 
  as if they were n't prepared ... 
  that was easy, 
  why ca n't i not read this as ` dipshit ', 
  well , obviously . . there are two moons, 
  is he even watching earth ? 
  i see another earth-like planet near `` earth '' . 
  how would you explain that ? 
  do n't question my highly artistic thoughts on that work , 
  here 's my attempt, 
  thanks :d, 
  [ something like that ? 
  why does everyone answer in capslock ? 
  thanks :d, 
  thanks , haha that 's great !, 
  i 'm 21 now , i had my frst kiss at 19 , it was the perfect moment , it had to happen , there was no way out of it . 
  i wish you such a moment . 
  after that first kiss i knew kissing itself is not a big deal . 
  realize that before you kiss a girl . 
  do n't worry about which girl will be your first kiss , it can be any girl , do n't wait for `` the one '' , it does n't even have to be special . 
  you seem not to be too socially unskilled so i guess you 'll find a girl for a kiss at least . 
  vague instructions : get drunk , get to talk to a girl , start to dance with her/touch her , then go for the kiss . 
  and i promise you , she wo n't think about how bad your kissing skills are . 
  i honestly even think you ca n't be that bad that she laughs at you because of it or something . 
  if you 're unsure ( you will be ) just , even if you start it , imitate her lips/tongue 's movements . 
  over . 
  chris cornell, 
  ... well , or kayne west, 
  the tip of your right big toe is numb , do n't worry about it . 
  avoid doing anything before 12:00 especially when you got less than 7 hours of sleep . 
  feel free to eat any hot food , you will be able to enjoy it . 
  please , do n't eat shit all the time and keep up the exercising , do n't mind lifting heavy things either but watch lower back . 
  when your wound is too big to fit on a picture, 
  this picture took fucking long to load . 
  and it was n't interesting after all . 
  the green fields of france , performed by dropkick murphys, 
  a picture i unintentionally took at a beach at night showing dust/sand particles in the air and lights from the other side of the bay, 
  that 's more metal than the post with the [ pig blood ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/290xwo/last_night_a_metal_band_threw_pigs_blood_all_over/ ), 
  i feel you , bro, 
  i met a chick at some party and i spent the night at her place . 
  her mother took us home.when i woke up in the morning , still feeling a little drunk , she was n't there anymore . 
  i thought that she probably got up in the middle of the night to go to the toilet and , for whichever reason , layed down in some guest room or something ( they have a pretty big house ) . 
  so i decided to get up and went to the bathroom to pee . 
  the bathroom was at the other end of the hallway and i passed a couple of rooms . 
  one of them was open , there was a person sleeping on a bed facing away from the door . 
  i thought that this must be my chick ( who else could it be ? ) . 
  after i was at the bathroom i just sneaked into that room and tried to cuddle up with the chick . 
  she woke up , turned around ... it was n't the chick . 
  it was her mom and startled from noticing who i was she told me that i 'm in the wrong room and chased me off . 
  i was barenaked when this happened . 
  that hurt .
