  the only reason it lasted as long as it did were its great defenses and geographical location , which made the turks want to go after all the surrounding balkan states first . 
  the conquest of constantinople was just the icing on the cake . 
   he was of mixed greek and bulgarian descent . 
  how do you know that he was seen as a greek his grandmother was half bulgarian half greek . 
  that makes him 7/8 parts greek . 
  and he had his troops with him when they took the city ... 
  evrenos was also a greek who converted into islam and led the ottoman armies in many campaigns . 
  he was there at the battle of kosovo and led the sack of serbia in 1409 . 
  and let 's not forget john vi kantakouzenos . 
  he was the first one to actually summon the turks into europe because he needed help to gain the imperial throne . 
  his extensive use of ottoman aid directly led to their conquest of gallipoli and all others that followed . 
  janissairies were n't voluntary members of the ottoman army . 
  the ottomans took healthy male children from the balkan christian peoples ( serbs included ) and raised them in the islamic way so that they could serve as elite soldiers and statesmen one day . 
  serbs , as a people , did not cooperate with the ottomans , outside of a few regional lords who were forced to act as vassals for a period of time . 
  your comment is a vulgar generalisation of history . 
  it 's written in the italic font , that 's why it looks like an 'm ' . 
  i like how you all downvote without giving a source or an explanation . 
  lmao . 
  it only shows how dumb and ridiculous all your claims are . 
  the icty conducted a separate investigation from the rdc , thus the numbers we posted are different . 
  they seem to be in accordance , more or less , when it comes the total number of civilian and military casualties . 
  the numbers differ when it comes to the bosniak and serb victims specifically , even though they used more or less the same sources . 
  the rdc is based in sarajevo and an inpendent institution , which obviously makes it prone to be less objective . 
  i would n't trust an institute based in the city which suffered plenty during the war to give me completely accurate results . 
  it 's similar to how in serbia researchers claim that 700 000 serbs were killed in jasenovac alone , while the truth is that the total number of serb victims in the entire ndh was around 320-340\u00a0000 . 
  anyway , the number of people who died in the war was n't even 100k . 
  the population before the war , according to the census , was around 4,3 million , which means that around 2.5 % of the population perished . 
  if you compare that to the other conflicts in balkan history , it does n't seem even remotely as massive as most people are making it out to be . 
  that makes any comparisons to the holocaust a complete joke and , honestly , a complete insult to everyone who perished both back then and in the 90s . 
  it 's just as dumb as people comparing putin to hitler ... it has no basis other than the bias inside the minds of the individuals making such claims . 
  now , i want to set one more thing straight . 
  i 'm not saying what happened is n't a tragedy . 
  even one life lost to an ethnic conflict is pointless . 
  all of that could have been avoided it were n't for certain individuals and their delusions . 
  i 'm just saying that this thread is full of insane exaggerations . 
  edit : messed up the percentage, 
  what is the source of that claim ? 
  serbia and all the other republics of yugoslavia had their own separate constitutions . 
  this constitution removed kosovo and vojvodina as separate entities and changed the name of the republic so it was no longer ` socialist ' . 
  it still remained a part of yugoslavia , as you can see here : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_republic_of_serbia where the hell did you even dig up that ? 
  even google shows nothing relevant when i type in ` serbia was the first country that de facto broke from yugoslavia ' . 
  again you bosniaks lie about the number of victims . 
  this is the offical concensus :  according to the icty demographic unit , an estimated 69.8 % or 25,609 of the civilians killed in the war were bosniak ( with 42,501 military deaths ) , with the bosnian serbs suffering 7,480 civilian casualties ( 15,299 military deaths ) , the bosnian croats suffering 1,675 civilian casualties ( 7,183 military deaths ) , ... 
  i do n't see how this is in any way comparable to the holocaust , where millions of people were killed . 
  how can you say the territories were ethnically cleansed when such a low percentage of civillians died ? 
  they did n't get annexed , the montenegrin parliament made a decison to unite the country with serbia . 
  tesla is the name of a tool used for wood carving : https://sr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0422\u0435\u0441\u043b\u0430_ ( \u0430\u043b\u0430\u0442\u043a\u0430 ) or , in english : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/adze it comes from the verb ` tesati ' : https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tesati the surname only appears vlahic because it ends with an ` a ' . 
  not all serbian surnames end with ` vi\u0107 ' . 
  anyone can edit the pages , but more prominent articles are usually kept under watch by the moderation team . 
  so if it were the offical opinion in romania , it would be represented accordingly in the article . 
  similar how in serbia there are certain people who believe serbs are an ancient race and have always lived in the balkans . 
  the wiki mods have to constantly prune the ancient/early medieval articles of their crap . 
  he winks, 
  what 's funny is that one of your fellow romanians is claming the same thing in a post above the same thing , except he 's actually serious ... 
  now if you could share with us the document where it says his father 's name is ` milutin teslea ' or a source where tesla talks about his supposed romanian ( lmao ) origins , that would be great . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  even your wikipedia does n't mention that crap, 
  he was n't of romanian descent . 
  there is no source that can back that claim up . 
  if you google ` milutin teslea ' all you will find is some romanian forums mentioning it . 
  it 's intresting to see how many people upvoted his outrageous post even though he refuses to name any sources . 
  people will believe almost anything you serve them , lol . 
  slavs settled the entirety of the balkans in the late 6th and early 7th century . 
  there were many diferent tribes of slavs and those in modern day serbia ( except western serbia ) did not call themselves serbs as far as we know from the sources . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sclaveni later on as the serbian state spread , so did the serbian identity . 
  that 's how it was . 
  it 's based on the work of the emperor constantine vii porphyrogenitus dubbed de administrando imperio , which , among other things , serves as the most important source on early serbian and croatian history . 
  whatever you say , i trust my own eyes more than the hallucinations of some random redditor . 
  the next time you see a thread about serbia , please take your pills , schizophrenia is a serious illness . 
  have a good night . 
  well , i 've been to greece and so have tens of thousands ( or more ) of my countrymen . 
  there 's a reason why so many of us like to go to your country , it 's because that 's one of the countries where the people make us feel at home the most . 
  and the greeks on reddit also disagree with you . 
  i suppose , then , 90 % of greeks vote for the golden dawn and go to chruch every sunday ... yeah right . 
  stop trying to paint your own fringe opinion as reality , it 's making you look like a schizophrenic . 
  why has there been such a surge in the amount of conspiracy quacks claiming vaccines cause autism ? 
  was there any major event/scandal that triggered this shitstorm ? 
  most of them only know about the uk , france , germany , spain and italy out of all the european countries . 
  and you thought correctly . 
  it 's just one guy venting for whatever reason in every thread about serbia . 
  the problem is he likes to speak in the name of all greeks , so if out of all of them you read only his posts , your perception of reality would be drastically skewed . 
  there are many black players here in both football and basketball . 
  almost none of them went through any racial abuse . 
  in fact , the players that do get insulted are the local ones . 
  sometimes even coaches , presidents of clubs and their families suffer verbal abuse . 
  sadly that 's just the way things are in the balkans . 
  we did n't deny anything . 
  all of our media is buzzing about . 
  the only one turning a blind eye is fc rad , the club that was responsible for all of this . 
  that view is just as common in your culture . 
  just ask jamie foxx , 
  he said rad , not red star ( crvena zvezda ), 
  yeah , i do n't remember such a huge incident ocurring here before . 
  though tensions are high in serbian sport right now . 
  for example , two days ago a man got hit in the face by a torch that one of the hooligans threw from the other side of the arena in the finals of the serbian basketball cup . 
  if rad ( the racist fans ' club ) does n't get punished severely , this sort of thing might happen again one day . 
  not in the balkans , that 's for sure . 
  he does n't even write those messages . 
  they just bring him a piece of paper , tell him it 's something important and he signs it . 
  trump could n't give less fucks about the balkans .
