  we do n't have strong regional policies at all . 
  but we 're a small country anyway . 
  and yes , our politicians are pretty fucked up . 
  specially if you talk about our two last prime ministers ( one `` socialist '' ( like psoe ) and one `` social-democrat '' ( like pp ) were probably the worst two prime ministers since we 're a democracy . 
  and the new pm ... we 'll see . 
  yes , but apparently do n't drink from our wine . 
  thought it was good but i guess i was wrong . 
  this map raises more questions than it answers . 
  1st of all , massive discrepancy between portugal and spain . 
  i do n't see a reason for this massive gap to exist . 
  secondly : were n't the nordic countries supposed to have a much larger life expectancy since life is so much better over there and there is less inequality between the richest and the poorest ? 
  speaking of that i wonder how the gibraltarians ( gibraltians ? 
  the rock people ! ), 
  are dealing with brexit . 
  well , shit . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  i have a very similar picture to the ukrainian one on my computer for three years or so . 
  beautiful . 
  but all of them are really good . 
  losing an argument usually is the point where people remember that they have a life . 
  that 's cool . 
  so weird nobody has an answer to you . 
  i guess people who hold any kind of socialism as stalinism did n't really think things through . 
  * much less than . 
  well , honestly i knew of her because she 's the sister of eva gabor from green acres , a show that was somewhat famous in my country . 
  just googled zwarte piet . 
  was not disappointed . 
  no because : 1 ) he talked a lot about being against the tpp . 
  not the ttip ; 2 ) policies do n't magically desintegrate once a new government takes over . 
  he did n't even take over yet . 
  he was n't even voted in the true election , the one where the electors choose who takes charge . 
  that should happen in a few hours , though ; 3 ) even if he said he is against tpp and possibly other trade agreements , he can always be pressuated . 
  and i 'm sure there will be many powerful people presuading him to not oppose the trade agreements once he takes office . 
  but yes , i hope the ttip and other trade agreements like this one fail and fail hard . 
  i do n't believe for one second trump will actually be against the when it matter butif he does i 'll be very grateful . 
  well that should change eventually as america and the eu agree on pseudo-secret pacts like the ttip . 
  haha , exactly !, 
  well , for starters that we have `` a '' ( singular ) culture . 
  and you say that knowing perfectly this is just a curiosity and no one will take the time to actually check your claim . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  you say you have documents , you mean . 
  oh that `` redneck '' comment i made was `` crying '' ? 
  ok , whatever you say , billy-bob . 
  cheers . 
  omg you trump supprters are such delicate flowers . 
  ca n't find a more pc crowd you guys . 
  why the hell should i stick to local politics ? 
  i know more about your country 's politics than most people in your country . 
  and you should really google the meaning of `` racism '' . 
  unlike clinton , trump and johnson ... face it , this election was the election of idiots . 
  stein was by far the better choice . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's a bunch of racist rednecks in the countryside that are ready to do sum lynchin ' like their gran ` daddies that should decide , even if they are the minority . 
  and as the popular vote did n't win , most people live under a government they did n't vote for . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  that `` union of countries '' argument is complete bullshit , let 's be honest . 
  the `` countries '' already have their state `` government '' as they have a governor . 
  but the presidency is supposed to be voted by the general public . 
  ouch . 
  savage . 
  can only talk for myself , but yeah , maybe some people . 
  wtf ? 
  i saw several times your `` georgia \u2229 europe \u2260 \u2205 '' and for some reason i read `` georgia \u2229 europe ** = ** \u2205 '' . 
  nevermind , i 'm fucking blind . 
  you 're right . 
  and yes , it makes sense that georgia is a transcontinental country as well . 
   georgia and europe has a non-empty intersection do n't you mean to say that they have an empty intersection , since you are arguing one is not contained in the other ? 
  as for the map , it is arguable if it is correct or not . 
  what is factual is that they lie in between of european russia and asian turkey . 
  as far as i know , they mostly think of themselves as european . 
  and , since there is no actual definition of what a continent is ( ie : i 'll defend until i die that australia is not a continent , but many say otherwise ) and geography does not provide a clear result , i agree with most georgians . 
  therefore , assuming georgia is part of europe , your math does not check out . 
  he should double-czech his math , though . 
  that wc does n't really look very safe . 
  it would scare the shit out of me . 
  but that 's probably the plan anyway . 
  i always knew merkel was hiding something . 
  and now the world finally knows . 
  i do n't know ... have you ever seen german porn ? 
  it 's all a conspiracy from osho . 
  i bet you even think he died . 
  or did he ? 
  i know she does - i literally commented on a video of her speaking in russian with astronauts . 
  i was just making an attempt of a stupid joke . 
  i think she does too . 
  ^ ok , ^ i 'll ^ see ^ myself ^ out ... 
  bratil . 
  it would be way worse if they put a spanish flag there . 
   i mean d most important law according to christ is love . . is it really ? 
  i can see why decent people would associate jesus with love . 
  i really do . 
  but if you really look into the bible , he really is n't very keen on poeple who do n't want to follow him . 
  he kinda wants to bring death and destruction to the non-followers and make them suffer an eternity in hell for the `` sin '' of not believing in him . 
  it was a second round . 
  it 's normal that many people will vote for the least of two evils if their guy is not up there . 
  did anyone here actually watch the debate ? 
  i hate le pen but she fucking wiped the floor with macron last night . 
  he could not counter her accusations that basically he is basically the bitch of the corporations . 
  the fact that france ended up choosing these two assholes for the 2nd round is absolutely insane . 
  it would be / r/la _ le_pen .
