much more deaths and a possible 3rd world war would not be a solution . 
  he does n't , obviously . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  however ... he just should n't be there in the first place . 
  i will not cheer the death of a person ... but ... he was aware that it was a risk . 
  outdated . 
  barbaric to the xxi century 's eyes . 
  hope to see it go extinct still in my lifetime . 
  good point . 
  also , it does n't matter all that much that the majority of the people in the east speak russian . 
  what matters is that most of them are ukrainians . 
  even though many are ethnically russian , so what ? 
  they were born in ukraine and they want to be ukrainian . 
  and if they wanted to live in russia and/or be russian ... well ... russia is n't all that far away . 
  just sayin ' : it 's cheaper and easier to buy a one-way ticket to `` the motherland '' than to start a war . 
  actually it does n't seem that much different than one year ago in some parts of the city . 
  : $ i know , i know , bad time to refer to the lack of maintenance of the city before all of this shit happened ... 
  regional governments are still going strong . 
  so ... yeah ... what is happening in spain is far from being libertarianism . 
  and no , thanks , we do n't want libertarianism here . 
  because poor people must suffer for the wrongings of the goverment and the rich fucks . 
  do n't listen to those frogs , you guys are cool . 
  with your cute slovakian girls and your zmrzlinas and your beaches without sand . 
  how the hell does one criminalize words ? 
  is this for real ? 
  oo i do n't actually understand what point you 're trying to make . 
  some people in that region during the year 1830 thought it would be a good idea . 
  that 's mostly the gist of what happened . 
  it 's actually a perfectly reasonable question for people who do n't really know well what happened in wwii . 
  and i 'm sorry if it triggers some people , but the world is n't always birds singing and sunshine . 
  bad stuff happens too and we should learn with it and not hide behind trigger warnings . 
  probably . 
  i actually found it amusing . 
  also , this is pretty much the only answer a portuguese could give to that question . 
   shitty you 're shitty . 
  it 's not ironic . 
  it 's just coincidental . 
  good . 
  that 's how one italiates correctly . 
  we know you 're not indo-european , mate . 
  do n't try to cover it up by speaking latin languages . 
  well , if he has a moustache , his italian does check out as the real deal . 
  that 's babyism and disabelism . 
  and that 's wrong . 
   on efgojnsfjdfnbdv oj oj ljf biz news gornouargo nqpojbadlik dalia . 
  rotfl . 
  tottally . 
  i think . 
  dutch always sounded to me like a mixture of german and hebrew , i have no idea why . 
  also , `` brazilian '' ? 
   minipre\u00e7o , continente and pingo doce just updated their prices today at 7pm and  i 'm talking about 2 liter bottles ok , that pretty much explains the difference . 
  i was there before 7pm and thought you were refering to the 30cl bottles sold on coffeeshops or smthg . 
  well ... 
  i do agree in raising prices in stuff that majorly shits on your health . 
  :\\ was a smoker for 4 years and one of the things that helped me quit was the constant price raise . 
  i do love me some coca cola but if the country needs to raise taxes , it should be on stuff that kinda screws over our health . 
  but that 's just my opinion on it , i can certainly see you 're opposed to it due to your post . 
  agreed . 
  no money , no addictions . 
  where are you seeing $ 2,20 bottles of coke ? 
  on bars , perhaps ( probably more expansive than that in most nightclubs though ) . 
  on vending machines they vary from $ 1 - $ 1,50 . 
  same in coffee shops . 
  and in the supermarkets they 're around 0.60 cent a can . 
  and i say this with prices as of today , at least in the supermarket . 
  it 's funny because they 're known for their racism . 
   the only face i recognize is the swedish one , because of south park . 
  yeah , probably . 
  i am aware of that . 
  but scandinavian countries are among the ones with best quality of living in the world . 
  yes we do ( i would n't call them immigrants , though - since they were born in portuguese colonies , they are portuguese ) . 
  maybe that would take a toll as well . 
  also lots of people are living in miserable ( for european standards at least ) condition and that would contribuite . 
  unemployment and underemployment are a huge issue here . 
  but then again , the same is happening in spain . 
  what would really help a lot to clear all doubts is to know the data they used to reach these conclusions . 
  i would n't either . 
  they 're certainly not a party that promotes the social democracy but it 's their literal name ( partido social democrata ) . 
  i guess when north korea calls itself democratic people 's republic of korea , names do n't really matter that much . 
  :d gracias and same to you !, 
  haha actually since it is a very debatable issue i actually took it seriously . 
  well done , eastern portugal . 
  well done . 
  i really do n't think the us and the scandinavian nations are very equal in these terms . 
  there is much less inequality in north europe . 
  from what i can from what i 've read so far , suicide is on of the most influencial factors on the life expectancy . 
  i do agree that our diet is probably healthier . 
  worst case cenario , similar in terms of health . 
  fair enough . 
  in terms of healthcare , ours is n't bad , but yes , maybe theirs is better . 
  in terms of diet , it 's pretty similar . 
  i do n't think ours is much worse ( or better ) than theirs . 
  but yeah , must be a series of things they have better , maybe only slightly , that add up . 
  i like darkness . 
  we do have some mediterran influence in the south . 
  you ca n't really tell which country is or is not influenced by a whole natural region with political policies . 
  for example : which region is more influenced by the mediterran sea ? 
  pa\u00eds vasco or algarve ? 
  :p being a `` mediterran '' region or country does n't mean that the given area has to in fact make a border with the sea . 
  but yes , a much , much smaller part of portugal can be considered `` mediterran '' in compairson to spain or other countries .
