end of colonial empire . 
  social and political instability . 
  loss of resource rich angola . 
  i 'm sure you can tell me all about it . 
  find me a scientific study that says that . 
  doctors can lie . 
  they can go crazy ... 
  he lost his license for it . 
  it was invented by psychologists , who , i assume , had more qualifications than you to talk about psychology . 
  you are afraid the left is going to call you racist because you are ? 
  what is your proof ? 
  it 's not called salazar bridge . 
  it 's 25th of april bridge . 
  the problem is mercator projection makes places away from the equator ( ex : europe ) bigger than they really are . 
  the dimensions are not proportional . 
  they have . 
  the earth is n't flat . 
  if it were really accurate the lines should be curved . 
  spinoza was of portuguese descent . 
  you do know that area in spain and portugal was an arab kingdom for centuries right ? 
  soviet union began in 1922 or 1923 , i forget . 
  or portugal . 
  what is the y axis . 
  translation for those that do n't speak polish . 
  sheep are okay . 
  you need to be careful with the cows . 
  first pride . 
  i think he meant pornographic literature . 
  `` nunca se pone el sol '' is the sun never sets . 
  it 's more like `` in my empire the sun never sets . '', 
  britain wants to have its cake and eat it . 
  britain made promises on funding until 2020 that they are now walking away from . 
  i have n't done a thing . 
  i am just a citizen . 
  leave then, 
  you never cease to be human . 
  they are inalienable rights . 
  it is an usually accepted definition , although not always right . 
  by studying the path of evolution and genetic differences and similarities we reach the same conclusion . 
  humanity is one species , skin color is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  i never heard of such a thing . 
  maybe i am wrong though . 
  it was not just 1 frame . 
  there is an exception for people born in germany . 
  show me the numbers . 
  besides being inhumane , they have alot of child mortality , it simply would not work . 
  most of subsaharan africa is catholic , not muslim . 
  hey . 
  i never said i wanted you kicked out . 
  only that you are not a superpower . 
  something you can agree with , no ? 
  70 % of new doctors in my country are female . 
  nurses , teachers ... 
  please , quit your bullshit . 
  eastern europe is not the most powerful region of the eu . 
  they also do n't help integration . 
  it 's not comparable to the uk . 
  the uk is a much bigger loss . 
  a stable democracy with a strong ( ish ) economy ... 
  the famously strong economy of estonia . 
  2011-2015 was n't much better . 
  which countries are reducing public debt ? 
  10 is the highest then ? 
  could n't disagree more . 
  only other candidate is schultz , and that is unlikely . 
  what are human rights ? 
  what is wrongful imprisonment ? 
  what are concentration camps ? 
  noone can apply for citizenship without living in that country . 
  as if syria is dragging its feet and not in a civil war where the status quo is a dictator that uses chemical weapons . 
  what is your evaluation scale ? 
  ours is 1-5 with 5 being the highest . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_nigeria?wprov=sfla1 also look up boko haram . 
  constitutions are much more seriou about certain subjects than others . 
  besides , alot of times free speech is not defined in the constitution , it is defined by the court . 
  oh , and the only crisis that can suspend the constitution are written into the constitution . 
  any source ? 
  i have never heard someone say that spain and portugal are eastern european ... 
  the big green spots have less than 10 % of the population . 
  look for the small yellows in the western coast which have more than 70 % of the population . 
  the problem is we are never going to agree . 
  i favor positive rights and a state that intervenes in the democracy . 
  we both have free speech to fight for what we believe in . 
  you disagree with me , but i will vote this way and you will vote yours . 
  demographic shift is a very complex subject which i ca n't solve alone and , i assume , neither can you . 
  i believe the solution can only come from a federalist europe . 
  we have very little immigration into portugal , the problem is everyone is leaving for greener pastures . 
  why stay here making 600 $ with no job stability when you can make more working less in the rest of the eu . 
  it does n't help that it is the young people who leave so they do n't have children here . 
  try to find a solution for social security that does n't involve a rising or steady population . 
  no , it should be 35 45m 33 46m 33 46m 32 53m, 
  what if you do n't count colonies . 
  if you treat everyone in your country the same whether it is close to the capital or far away , wo n't people stay together ? 
  in your page it says another contest `` the worst portuguese '' was also won by him . 
  pide and the horrible constituition is pre-wwii, 
  he kinda did . 
  he did n't plan the coup but he pushed for a new constitution that gave him power to do anything he wanted . 
  protecting colonists that wanted to keep slavery going and supported apartheid and rhodesia is a reason for war ? 
  edit : for those doubting me ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_angola?wprov=sfla1 ) especially / u/bugatuga . 
  if you do n't like them for anything else , like them for opposing salazar , it was the best thing to do .
