thank you , i tried to improve this by following criqique , what do you think now ? 
  thank you for critique ^ ^ , i tried to improve ^ ^, 
  hello , first of all , i want to thank you for wasting your time on me , thank you very much for the critique . 
  after your critique , i looked into grids , aligned everything , tried to improve contrast , read about em/en dashes and hyphens , this time i used grid to improve it , what do you think ? 
  is it a bit better than before , or worse ? 
  thank you for critique . 
  i tried to do menu items in vertical centre , but it look really weird , like i was trying to pack everything into one space , even if there 's not enough space , that sort of feeling , i indeed made them smaller now , and i think it looks a bit better , because it 's not catching as much attention as before . 
  i darkened image a bit more , but changing font weight made it look unnatural . 
  yes , that 's right ( about quote ) , when i did that , i had in mind to leave it right alligned because that 's how normally qoutes are , first goes quote and then to the right to it - author . 
  i tried to align it in centre and it looked kinda nice . 
  i deleted the lines , i added them there at first to get a bit of attention to that button . 
  you are right about social media icons , i think it looks better without shade now too ^ ^ , after i tried to take it down . 
  thank you very much for critique , what do you think now ? 
  i really appreciate critique ^ ^ i made hero text a bit different , so it does n't cover too much of the image itself , because i think that image with that text shows main idea , please tell me your critique again , even if it 's harsh i am really happy that i can improve, 
  updated version, 
  thank you for your critique once again , i do n't mind at all that you showed your version at all !, 
  while reading your message , and watching how you edited it , i got an idea . 
  the hierarchy of typography - at first i did n't considered it at all ( that probably shows how inexperienced i am ^ ^ ) but after your critique , i tried to make it with hierarchy , but then the blue button looked out of space for me , so i tried to create a new one . 
  about the quote , the way you showed in your example is nice , but i prefer mine version , because there would be a menu , like you press right or left , and the quotes change , so i think it would look quite nice with css animations . 
  i thought about navigation , it do n't necessary need to be a block itself , so i thought i might try to take the block away , and i think it looks cleaner now ^ ^ what do you tihnk now ? 
  thank you again , for wasting your time on me  tell me your critique again , thanks !, 
  updated version, 
  thank you very much ^ ^ i did increased the font weight and it helped indeed !, 
  thank you again for wasting your time on me !, 
  thank you very much , i will try to improve myself !, 
  hello , would you like to chat ? 
  i am 16 years old , boy , nerdy , atheist , bi , like video games , design and a lot of other stuff . 
  hey , i am from lithuania ^ ^, 
  it was so happy to see you that it pissed itself . . :d, 
  thank you for your critique !, 
  will look into what you said !, 
  hey !, 
  thanks !, 
  i tried changing subscribe button to solid color , and it indeed looked better , i chaned line height to 19 and font size to 14 , and it looked great !, 
  i tried changing text column width , but it looked bad , because now it 's alligned proportionally to icons , but if i make it larger , it looks quite bad and unnatural : c thanks for the critique again !, 
  thank you !, 
  i really appreciate your opinion !, 
  oh god , sounds like you had some bloody experience : dd with those girls included :d, 
  feel train is leaving !, 
  last time to purchase felticket , for 1 feel , train is going to '' do i look like the man who 's daijoubu ? '', 
  everyone abroad !, 
  i am sorry , but i really laughed . 
  and i was thinking - how your mother felt ? 
  did she laughed ? 
  and if you had to go back all the way home with your pants full of that uhm . . liquid . 
  how bad was the smell supposed to be in the car ? 
  i tried adding my maestro , but it failed . 
  say that its incorrect , though its correct . __ . 
  maestro card , i entered the card number and everything that was required . _ . , though maybe because me card has maestro on one side and cirrus on another, 
  i am a proffessional in the field called : the one who always do something wrong . 
  most of the time i fail at whatever i try xd, 
  in my opinion , love is like a spaceship , you choose who to fly with , and you choose someone you get along with , because in that spaceship , you will spend a lot of time . 
  `` search for alice !, 
  she knows the answers ! '', 
  `` unicorn '', 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bydglohxmda this always makes me laugh xd, 
  i would bring `` the forest '' , you know , learning survival and stuff :d, 
  probably the bed would collapse breaking her spine xdd, 
  if it 's real , then thats some quality bad luck brian :d, 
  i felt bad for laughing at that , and i thought - we all have these bad days , but damn , your gf probably broke the record xd you should tell her to look at positive side of it , you will have a great story to tell your kids xd, 
  thank you !, 
  i will take the js route . 
  but i am really thankful , that someone messaged me so fast  . 
  thanks again !, 
  : ccccccccccccc, 
  omg i thought i was the only one !, 
  i feel you bro :d, 
  looks cool haha, 
  uhm . . why not both ? 
  wear a suit , smile , nod . 
  i had my first interview a few days ago for internship , i wore a suit , smile and nodded . 
  oh , and dont forget - answer short and normally . 
  and dont say yeah and other simmilar words . 
  use yes , proper yes . 
  these are the things that helped me to pass the interview like a boss haha , 
  demit looks good , for real haha !, 
  good luck on your first day then ^ ^, 
  : c but , its hard to choose . 
  `` i left my oven on '', 
  thank you !, 
  when i am writing for school notes , my handwriting is messy , there are parts where even i myself do n't understand what i have written . 
  :( when i need to write fast , it just gets so bad ... 
  when i can take time writing , i think it does n't look too bad . 
  i am not even sure if this is print , that 's how i write , in print i think , i write slower than in cursive , but it 's more readable i think , what do you think ? 
  even my teacher said , that it 's awful handwriting and really hard to read  __  . 
  so please , give me more tips to improve !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  will have in mind , i just thought that they looked cuter xd but if that will help me get neater handwriting i will do it . 
  kinda hate you for that :d , but good job , i guess ^ ^, 
  omg haha !, 
  i feel you bro !, 
  where can i find that server ip ? 
  but it does n't seem like they are hunting merasmus : c, 
  but it does n't seem like they are hunting merasmus : c maybe you know what can be crafted out of voodoo stuff ? 
  the struggle is real . 
  i know that feeling, 
  maybe to the arts class ? 
  feels are being felt . 
  i feel you brah .
