  thanks !, 
  well , the tension is rising up between countries . 
  crimea scenario looked similar to me like what happened with german nazis and czech republic , when germany occupied czech and others did n't really paid too much attention , instead asked germany to no do that to other countries . 
  i see on the news a lot of shit throwing at each other , i mean more than usually . 
  eastern european countries/country - lithuania reintroduced mandatory military service , because of fear from aggressor `` russia '' . 
  it just feels to me , that it will come soon . 
  usa debt is rising tremendously as well , if i am not mistaken . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ziodzhzgpu once , one powerhouse collapses , i think that the other powerhouse will want to get what it can , since no one will be able to stop it . 
  well , it 's my humble opinion , that in that time it will happen somehow . 
  i did . 
  i do n't like betting on anything , so i would most likely refuse , however , i still speculate that it will happen . 
  hopefully it wo n't . 
  yuup , 
  do you shout the exclamation mark as well ? 
  america never fails to amaze me . 
  at first i read that i should teach her that she bites too hard by making a loud noise similar to when she would bite her brothers or sisters too hard . 
  it did n't work . 
  now when she just bites me , i tell her `` no '' or `` bad dog '' , in a serious tone , but it never works , so after that i try to get my hand away from her , thus i definitely squirm , and sometimes push her slightly away . 
  yes , when she bites me so hard that it actually rips my skin a bit and it starts bleeding , i walk away . 
  so , i should say '' no '' or `` bad dog '' whenever she bites me , and walk away ? 
  i think she should at least , since the tone of my voice changes to a more negative one , and i always say `` no '' or `` bad dog '' when she does something bad . 
  she definitely understands that `` good dog '' means . 
  how should i go about teaching her what a `` no '' is ? 
  why studying abroad is your worst decision ? 
  oh well ... at least you chemis-tried, 
  all the knifes, 
  roger that !, 
  are the public transport so bad ? 
  are there a lot of people cycling ? 
  what about winter ? 
  you thought about it a lot i see !, 
  you took into consideration the user which would be scrolling with his finger up or down , so you do n't want the user to block his view while scrolling , so you decided to make special space available for scrolling , right ? 
  i hope so . 
  or as i like to call it - a new feature !, 
  i just close my eyes and relax , i trust the professional , and i just relax . 
  we throw 1 , 2 sometimes 5 words , but that 's about it . 
  eastern europe, 
  carrying a gun, 
  just tell them that . 
  if they want to overreact let them . 
  if they think that you are saying that just because they are n't men , then they are the ones who need help . 
  all people are irrational and not logical from time to time , if someone thinks it 's a matter of gender alone , they are wrong . 
  it is truth , that women tend to do it more often , or show it more openly . 
  because if men would do it that much , they would get their asses kicked , while most women would n't , because we were thought to not hit women , of course there are people who hit women . 
  and do n't get me wrong , if someone dared to use violence against me , regardless of gender i would protect myself . 
  coming back on topic , there are more than one factor at play there . 
  but i cant stop procrastinating : c, 
  well i gave you an upvote , so you should have less downvotes , and i agreed with you . 
  so you are n't alone . 
  you problem the people he 's talking about, 
  anti semi mate, 
  it 's hard for me to change my opinion about feminists , when i had 99 % of encounters with shitty ones , that are so called `` femnazis '' . 
  so yeah , there 's that . 
  do you want to know how i got these scars ? 
  nsa checking in, 
  i did n't . 
  time waits for no one , so do you wan na waste some time ? 
  my life is okay , i do n't need help . 
  to be a top comment . 
  i have no idea where to buy it . 
  it was a bad movie imho, 
  hollywood undead - bullet, 
  actually saw it coming , so not funny . 
  what textbook ? 
  with blocks or lines ? 
  since blocks are a big turn off for me . 
  people could do photosynthesis, 
  yeah , which is in a way a problem , however , astronauts for example could survive way longer , as long as we provide them water somehow . 
  that 's how it should be :d . 
  well , they would n't die immediately , since they would still have energy . 
  true that . 
  i wo n't get it it guess : c, 
  i am good for myself , but for others , i am not that good . 
  `` once you realize what you have done , i hope that you wo n't be able to sleep at night , because all you did , was prove that injustice works better than justice , '', 
  procrastination is literally ruining my life . 
  or do you ? 
  future really scares me a lot . 
  oh , then it 's okay !, 
  thanks !, 
  noah and the whale - l.i.f.e.g.o.e.s.o.n. 
  the hottest sauce on the planet , next to your bitch ass !, 
  world is n't right . 
  politics think about 3 things . 
  1 . geting elected 2 . geting reelected 3 . your problems . 
  so remember , they do n't give a fuck about your problems mostly , and if there was one guy that did gave a shit about your problems , he could n't do anything , if the others are corrupted . 
  he would just end up being eaten . 
  my laptop camera, 
  alcoholism, 
  people, 
  elaborate ? 
  wow , that 's a bit scary , and at the same time very awesome !, 
  happy for you !, 
  i am studying in a pretty huge class as well , ~ 30 students . 
  back when we were younger , it was actually pretty hard to study , and if the kid was a bit shy , and did n't raise his/her hand when they did n't understand something , well . . or sometimes , if like 10 kids did n't get the theory for example , we had to move on , because others did . 
  but what do you think about the part where you teach , at least here , education seems to be the same for ages , teacher tells you what to do , you memorize material , get the test , do the test , after 12 years ( here ) , you need to do one huge national examination . 
  i myself think it 's pretty weird , that education changed so little . 
  i have been thinking , what if schools had similar system to that of khan academy , you see the video lesson , study yourself , and when you go to school , the teacher instead of explaining everything again , asks what student 's did n't understand , and help them out with theory and such . 
  i think it would be more efficient , what do you think ? 
  i would steal the idea for a thread , from about a week ago . 
  i was able to cancel my purchase on amazon pretty dang easy .
