  mine : live as a hermit crab , relax , do nothing , maybe play something on steam ? 
  _ read a book , design a bit , and sleep ? 
  ( much interesting wow haah !, 
  maybe you guys are spending it far more interesting than i am ? 
  hello , so i started `` eloquent javascript '' recently , and everything seemed quite easy , until chapter 4 ( data structures ( objects and arrays ) ) . 
  am i the only one that is having really hard time with those exercises ? 
  is it really beginner friendly ? 
  i have some knowledge in js , like , i did codeacademy course , read one book before it . 
  by no means am i going to drop that book , because i want to understand js , but maybe some of you guys struggled there as well ? 
  and maybe you found some more information about these things ( data structure ) , that helped you to understand it faster ? 
  would appreciate some help , ha ha . 
  i am searching for more info about it as i am writing this post . 
  hope you mates , can help me out , and share your experience on the subject ? 
   thank you in advance . 
  hello , i know . 
  there are cerave on amazon , yes . 
  but the shipping is the price of the items itself . 
  i am roughly 1500 km away from uk as well . . 
  so i am a bit lost . 
  i have acne , and i was thinking about buying cerave , but ca n't find a place with normal price/shipping ratio . 
  i know that iherb sells stridex , was thinkig about buying those as well , but i am not sure if i should buy them first , when i do n't have a cleanser and moisturizer . _ . 
  any suggestions ? 
  hello , sorry for asking this , but i am not an english native speaker , so i do n't quite know how you call this thing in physics , we call it '' projections to axis '' . 
  there 's something like this : http://prntscr.com/5q2rgo, 
  and we get to x axis : ma = mg sin \u03b1 - f, 
  and to y axis : mgy = - mg cos\u03b1, 
  i want to learn about it , but i ca n't find tutorials for it . 
  like this thing . 
  i would appreciate some how as to at least how it is called _ i tried to look it up on khan academy could n't find it . 
  i am aware that we are using 2nd newton 's law . 
  but i still ca n't quite grasp around it , as to what is it exactly called . 
  ... now i am 17 y/o virgin !, 
  happy cake day to me ~ !, 
  hey !, 
  so recently i realised that i am not exactly great at programming , of course it was n't the best feeling . . 
  but . . 
  i realised , that i am not alone , and i realise that sometimes , those parts when you just ca n't get it right , might make you question , why you even started , and it can get pretty annoying . 
  so i decided to document my learning process ( because it takes far longer for me to learn stuff as i see than for others , but i like learning programming ) . 
  so i created myself a twitter account ( https://twitter.com/novice_dev ) , where you can get back your motivation by looking how much more others suck at it than you do !, 
  my goal is to make some people who are interested in programming to understand , that it 's a process that takes a lot of time to master . 
  i will document pretty much whenever i am taking a break from learning  . 
  may the force be with you . 
  ( oh right . . 
  i know html/css , i read a few books on js if that matters , now getting back into eloquent js book , after gaining a bit more knowledge ), 
  hello , i am reading eloquent js , i took a break from it before , now i will finish it . 
  i am searching for someone who 's learning js as well , and we could go through the book together , that way , we could lower the procrastination ratio haha . . and help each other to understand parts that were a bit harder . 
  so yeah . 
  i wo n't use voice chatting , just real time messaging over skype or smth like that , anyone interested ? 
  edit - - - repost from below :, 
  `` what i had in mind , is a bit different from irc chat . 
  you can go to irc channel to ask a certain question and that 's about it . 
  what i want from this kind of group , is something like a group that can use each other to grow individually , so both sides benefit from it . 
  sharing useful information about language , tutorials , making a deadline and trying to achieve it , and similar things . 
  because a lot of people , including me , when we encounter trouble and we ca n't get our heads around it we try to search for an answer , which does n't always help . 
  and we end up procrastinating , which is okay , we are programmed as a human beings to take the easy route , or wait for the `` perfect '' chance to do it . 
  but if we have a deadline every-week or so , we will have a goal , which at least might be a bit more helpful at stopping procrastinating , and avoiding the task . 
  well , you get the main idea , right ? 
  so , my problem is that i ca n't save my files anymore . 
  i am using atom and brackets , they both throw me an error while i am trying to save my files , and i have no idea how to fix them , help me , please !, 
  i ca n't keep on learning !, 
  i know that this was asked before , but i still ca n't fix my problem . 
  i am still a novice and just learning javascript currently . 
  and when i tried to save my files yesterday i got this error : ebusy : resource busy or locked , open ` c : \\ users \\ user \\ desktop \\ practicing environment \\ index.html ' i have no idea that means . 
  i tried to restart my laptop and it worked for around 5 minutes at max . 
  i ca n't keep on learning if i ca n't save it . 
  i tried to change ide from atom to brackets and vice versa , still got the same error when i am trying to save my code . 
  i described the error here before as well : http://stackoverflow.com/questions/29853255/ebusy-resource-busy-or-locked-open-path-here, 
  finally , i got samsung note 4 , i am so excited !, 
  it is still charging , still 99 % for around 10 minutes now , idk , the manual said to let it charge fully first time . 
  i ca n't wait to try it out , i am so excited again !, 
  haha !, 
  yay !, 
  edit : it finally charged !, 
  hello , i still do n't have the update to newer version , actually i got the phone few days ago , and i am not sure if that 's normal battery life . 
  and is that ram usage is normal ? 
  i use n910f version of the phone . 
  any suggestions ? 
  i already have brightness on -5 and auto . 
  now that i got your interest , want to chat ? 
  i am in a kind of a slump nowadays , and uncertainty , senior year of high-school is coming as well , so naturally state examination , life problems , studying , stress , unnecessary problems and what not will build up . 
  so i am searching for people with similar problems , who would want to get together in some kind of a chat group or something , if it wo n't work then we can chat one-on-one . 
  i like anime , video games , love reading books , design , having fun conversations !, 
  and being introverted . 
  anyone interested ? 
  oh right , since some here are searching for soulmates , i am male , and i am not interested in these things currently , have enough problems already , have a good day ! ^ ^, 
  hello , i am searching for people who like anime , we can make a group to discuss recent anime episodes and similar things , and thus bond together as a group of people , anyone interested ? 
  i am thinking of using line/telegram application , but give me suggestions . 
  what i want to know is your age , i do n't care about gender ^ ^ . 
  let 's get along ? 
  message me !, 
   i am 17 myself , male . 
  i started senior year ( last year of highschool ) today , it was meh , and since i am not attending any parties , because i am not the party dude ( chose on my own will to not go to any parties today ) , so i am sitting here , on reddit , writing stuff haha . 
  how was your first day of school ? 
  hello , i was always interested in how mockups were made , so i would like to ask you now , if you do n't mind , how are they made ? 
  how could i make myself a mockup ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  hey again , thanks for visiting . 
  i tried writing some lyrics , they are shitty , i think , but i tried to make something , so here i am . 
  tell me what you think . 
  it should be with uplifting melody .
