  but it is very frustrating , i tried so hard , and it looks like a disaster , if nothing else , i can only make a meme from it . . . _ . 
  because it looks so bad . 
  remember remember , the fifth of november the gunpowder treason and plot , i see of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
  american flag . . 
  imgur would get it too . 
  imgur would understand that as well, 
  9gag from my understanding are sewers of imgur, 
  prove it . 
  good job haha, 
  this ... is ... very dark ... but funny too haha !, 
  what are the dankest memes ? 
  you would n't be surprised . 
  at one point we started having arguments , then eventually he told me this gem : `` when i talk with you , it feels like i need to level a few levels down '' , then eventually he said that he is n't gaining anything from the friendship , he told me this after i helped him to get through depression , suicidal thoughts and what not , and when i got very depressed and sad , he said that he is n't gaining anything from our relationship . . 
  i was pissed off , to say the least . 
  maybe more betrayed than pissed off . 
  and one of the last sentences he said to me was that this is a voluntary relationship , nobody needs to feel like they are dragging each other down , or smth along the lines . 
  and i basically just said alright . 
  since at that point there was no going back . 
  so yeah , that 's how i and my best friend of 5 years `` broke up '' . 
  same as britains released documentary `` what if russia attacked '' or smth like that this year . . 
  http://prntscr.com/al8fjj 60 % i learned something new today , one more thing i am bad at !, 
  reading, 
  after you cut your nails , brushing it through cotton then . 
  i get shivers just thinking about it . 
  your dreams, 
  leave my footprint in the pages of the history . 
  some people are better than me , even if they put in less work than i do . 
  what the actual f. ... why wold you spit into the bottle , why would you spit at all . 
  economy , the teacher himself should have been thought . . 
  hey !, 
  not much , what about yourself ? 
  and nice to meet you too !, 
  i like one ok rock , muse , bastille , man with a mission and some others . 
  what about yourself ? 
  thanks !, 
  i know a song from twenty one pilots , i love panic at the disco too !!, 
  what do you enjoy doing ? 
  yeah , i have heard `` stressed out '' . 
  what kind of music do you make ? 
  i myself , enjoy reading , writing sometimes , listening to music . 
  learning new things in general , 
  i think it would be as this saying `` if everyone is rich , no one is rich '' . 
  in some countries , if you have good grades , government funds your studies , so it is free for you . 
  however , it is more of a business nowadays , i suppose . 
  there was no `` no '' choice . 
  ted cruz is a zodiac killer . 
  and . . real nazis too . . and communists ... 
  and . . just people in general . 
  it was n't that good , i mean the song anyways , and i felt like i wasted 4 hours of my life yesterday . 
  of eurovision ? 
  well , it was a bit special this year , because ukraine basically made political song , which is against eurovision 's rules if i am not mistaken . 
  but nobody gave a shit , and they won lol.their song was about tartars awful life under stalin 's regime or smth like that . 
  it wasnt eurovision song , it was someone shrieking on the stage and she won , that was sad , because my personal faves were : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oezhebdch2m and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imzh2w7ifhm , imho those were better than ukraine 's . 
  not to mention russians , dang , they had a great song a very well made performance , so even they were more fit to win . 
  this was more or less , the last year i watched eurovision , since i just saw with my own two eyes , how much political bull is there . 
  edit : even the song itself was called 1944 . 
  and she did n't deny that it was against russia today . 
  i would have even be happy if australia would have won , even though they are n't in the europe haha . . 
  exactly , i am from eastern europe , and there is so much drama , you would n't believe it ... 
  even the news ... 
  they do n't even look objective at this point anymore . 
  if something is related to russia = bad , if something is related to ukraine = good . 
  as if they were black and white , they forget that they are actually both . 
  there is this russia phobia everywhere , it 's bs imho . 
  either way , the ukraine song was actually pretty low , there were better songs , even if we exclude russia from the list , there were still better songs . 
  however , it seems that eurovision was always political , it 's just that this year they wen above and beyond haha . 
  stupid question : why ca n't they show all of the calls that people made ? 
  like all of them in real time ? 
  argue all the forking time !, 
  the so rare cowman . 
  there is no good or bad in history . 
  good ol' days of fucking the cakewalk !, 
  elaborate ? 
  salt is strong with this one , 
  salt is n't a good lube ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i might finish school . 
  should n't you both visit a doctor to consult the case ? 
  there can be many reasons for it . 
  so do n't start judging yourself for it . 
  though , anonymous internet dude will be cheering for you two haha !, 
  good luck !, 
  i do n't like to be late anywhere , so sometimes i arrive way too early ... 
  time ? 
  did n't really care about my health that much , so i have quite a few issues with it . 
  hello , i am writing my first resume now and i ran into some problems . 
  i ca n't fill the whole page . 
  how do i fill it , if i do n't have much experience ? 
  i have one experience in internship , no amazing achievements , self studied few subjects , but that [ s about it . 
  how to make my resume attractive , so it does n't look poor ? 
  i feel obliged to make one now , 
  ah , i have seen people like that . 
  so basically because of them , i am denied a cheap rent : c, 
  tell us more !, 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  ^_^ i might be able to find something , eventually . 
  i will keep that in mind !, 
  thanks !, 
  sounds like phantom hair !, 
  i must say , that this is beyond creepy  _ , 
  props !,
