  and that is a problem . 
  well , that 's my experience with it . 
  thanks , you too :d hope it will be a good game !, 
  that 's a bit sad , what about factions ? 
  like fighting in space ( probably not , right ? 
  you know , the way you point your anger towards others means you have some problems yourself . 
  you know , the problem might be abusive parents , narcissists , school , bullying . 
  this issue does n't have age limit at all , nor people who do it are '' morons '' . 
  just a bit of statistics for example , today , high school students have the same amount of stress as people who were in asylum ( 1950 's ) . 
  stress amount is insane , what if there would be your dad , for example , he comes back from home , you can hear him yelling at your mother , he shouts , you can hear something break downstairs , maybe it 's a vase ? 
  who knows . 
  he comes to unleash his anger on you , he shouts by your door : '' you better let me in , or else you are dead !, 
  '' , as you are engulfed by the fear , you decide to let him in , and he punches you , you ca n't fight back , it goes on and on . 
  each person be it you or i , we both have different mechanisms for coping with these situations , while you might decide to `` fight back '' , even if it means that you will get even more hits , maybe i would decide to stay quiet and wait till it goes away . 
  that 's just one scenario , which may lead to self-harm . 
  there are countless factors that can indicate self-harm . 
  i actually feel disgust with your lack of sympathy and empathy . 
  if you are not capable of sympathy and empathy , you might be one of those who make others self harm  _  either way , going back on subject . 
  i do n't think that someone asked if you `` give a shit '' or `` do n't give a shit '' regarding the matter  _  . 
  i hope you will understand now , that self-harm is no joke . 
  uhm , how am i a `` bitch '' ? 
  and , could you explain yourself further ? 
  i am not sure , which part was hard for you to understand . 
  i stated facts , you can look into it yourself . 
  thanks dude !, 
  i would be lying , if i said that i was n't enjoying the throwing part !, 
  good job !, 
  i am dave skylark ( the interview ) it 's nice to see you all again !, 
  sad story : c gave up entirely or just on the book ? 
  yeah , i was a bit confused when he suddenly started going about phi . 
  i decided to read mozilla docs about js for now . 
  maybe you have something to recommend more ? 
  i do n't intend to put down js , therefore i want to gain more knowledge before going through chapter 4 again , i have the basic understanding of loops and objects , i understand how to create them , but chapter 4 exercises seems a bit hard for me still , so i would be thankful if you could share some of you knowledge concerning the subject . 
  thanks in advance , 
  thanks !, 
  in the end , i decided to go through : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/javascript so i get more knowledge on the subject , then practice a lot , i was really focused just on the web development , now that you said it , i realized . 
  i can create js applications from my surroundings , i will do exactly that , i will try to create applications that will be useful for myself as well !, 
  thank you again !, 
  hm , i am on chapter 4 , and decided to put the book on hiatus for now  will go through this first : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/javascript, 
  thanks , good luck for you as well . 
  `` a person who forms opinions on the basis of reason , independent of authority or tradition , especially a person whose religious opinions differ from established belief . '', 
  not really . 
  i just prefer using my head , instead of being told to believe everything like a black sheep  . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  calm down a bit . 
  just because few people did this , does n't mean that all islamic people are bad , do some research and think with your head a bit . 
  now to the fun part , what about rapist priests , who raped children ? 
  they are christian priests , ban all christian countries and deportations !, 
  ... open your eyes ... 
  why compare the evils ? 
  it 's same as what the world did in ww2 , chose between 2 evils , hitler or stalin . 
  as you are aware they chose stalin , but lets look how many he had killed , nothing good comes from `` comparing '' evil , and choosing the `` lesser '' one . 
  stalin 's kill `` score '' ( from wikipedia ) `` accordingly , if famine victims are included , a minimum of around 10 million deaths -- 6 million from famine and 4 million from other causes -- are attributable to the regime , [ 125 ] with a number of recent historians suggesting a likely total of around 20 million '', 
  hitler 's kill `` score '' ( from history rocket ) `` a rough estimate points that around 11 million people died during the terror reign of hitler . '', 
  choosing lesser evil not always works as you see . 
  not to mention , people can die from rape , be destroyed psychologically , scarred , with pretty much no way of curing it . 
  the main idea of my previous post , was a reply to the guy that said , that we should ban all of islam related people , deporting them . 
  which is ridiculous and quite narrow minded as well . 
  i am all in about deporting them , by them i mean the people who did that ( those 2 men ) . 
  but definitely not blaming all people and whole religion on it . 
  for example , if american shooter , gone to the europe and killed some people , based on the logic of the person i replied to before , we should ban and deport all americans from europe , which is again , stupid . 
  some info on the subject :, 
  ( i recommend watching it , if you are into self knowledge . ), 
  exactly , that is wrong on so many levels !, 
  yeah , some people refuse to think with their heads , unfortunately  _  . 
  i am not sure , but it looks like this when doing `` projection '' to the x axis , http://prntscr.com/5q37py, 
  i am not sure , but it looks like this when doing `` projection '' to the x axis , http://prntscr.com/5q37py, 
  i am not sure , but it looks like this when doing `` projection '' to the x axis , http://prntscr.com/5q37py , then it is right like that for the x axis ? 
  it 's a bit sad that there 's no normal way to buy it in the eu : c, 
  row row, 
  you can do it !, 
  ( for some people it might be a life changer ), 
  hacker named 4chan is back !, 
  well , i love it haha !, 
  i have watched countless anime !, 
  and i haven ; t updated my list in a long time :d, 
  omg , happy birthday to you too !, 
  thanks !, 
  at least i am not fat . . yet . . haha !, 
  ( bows ) i am shooting for 30 y/o virgin . 
  because if you stay a virgin until 30 you become a wizard !, 
  haha, 
  ehh , being virgin is fun !, 
  you can become a wizard harry !, 
  we can play quiditch !, 
  do n't give up on me , harry !, 
  thank you , 
  he got any cool spells ? 
  brah , do you even wizard ? 
  whata bout cool spells ? 
  you can upgrade your one handed stats though !, 
  he probably put his stats wrong  _  , what about woman resistance ? 
  i heard that if you max it out , you even get critical chance up as well !, 
  exactly , wizardry is love , wizardry is life, 
  nah , it 's okay . 
  better than 16 and father :d, 
  teach me your ways , sensei !, 
  hello , i am creating my routine , well , for now , i am just buying things . 
  and so far , i decided to buy those things :, 
  '' neutrogena rapid clear 2-in-1 fight and fade gel '' ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/neutrogena-rapid-clear-2-in-1-fight-and-fade-gel-0-5-oz-/380969874994?pt=lh_defaultdomain_0&amp;hash=item58b392f632 ),
