  i did that too , later on , we are not friends anymore , but he 's still alive , so i am glad !, 
  itt i learned : i hate more people than i thought i did !, 
  i am still alive !, 
  doing backflip and failing twice !, 
  swimming, 
  bracelet ? 
  mr.robot ep3 , kind of describes a bit of my view . 
  hitler did nothing wrong , gays are evil , i like kardashians . 
  ( that would definitely make me stop laughing at least ), 
  marriage counselor, 
  i thought that once i finish school i will indulge myself in programming so much , that i will sleep with it and dream with it , however , i am just procrastinating now , and it 's driving me insane . 
  the thing about procrastination , is that it wo n't go away once you finish school , college , work . . 
  it 's there all the time , unless you force yourself to do something , it wo n't change . 
  hello , gril . 
  i do n't want to sound mean , but your english is a bit lacking , is n't it ? 
  alright , i am in, 
  world changer . 
  dad by daylight , you try to survive the night , while your wife is in labour , if you succeed you become a dad . 
  why ? 
  tell me why mongodb is so bad ? 
  agreed, 
  reviving your mother , it costs your little brother and your arm and leg . 
  those are the worst , really . 
  wolf , that would be my dream come true !, 
  accepting facts . 
  there was this video about global warming ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4q8nm4ksvu ) in which a gov.chris christie said `` i do n't buy the fact . . '' . 
  fact is not an opinion , that you can have your stance on , a fact is something that was proven to be true , and if you still say that it is false , then well . . that 's just sad . . 
  okay , thanks !, 
  will nobody want to talk about `` eaurope '' ? 
  that we are n't worth meeting , and should be rid of asap . 
  what 's # 15 a month and then it says that aditionally # 16 , so each month # 31 , for 9 months ? 
  remember remember the 5th of november the gunpowder treason and plot , i see of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
  white shroud by a.skema . 
  '' ... a poet by calling and lift operator by profession . 
  \u0160k\u0117ma stretches space in the novel , allowing memories of family life to flow inside it , alongside a desperate present complicated by a love triangle ; as well as time , which pushes the protagonist toward insanity . 
  the author himself has described the novel 's theme as `` narcissistic '' . 
  the novel portrays the descent into insanity of the poet antanas gar\u0161va . 
  the author reveals gar\u0161va 's personality and tragic experiences to the reader . '', 
  hands down haha , scottish guy accidentally bought a horse . 
  we had a kind of `` school only friends '' relationship , and i could n't have been happier , because it was barely enough to keep me in the social level , and i did n't want to deal with any of the drama , and they were n't people i would befriend otherwise . 
  so it was beneficial for both of us to not do anything else . 
  sometimes called '' the great peperession '', 
  pile of sh * t, 
  just because you love someone , it doesnt mean that someone loves you . 
  `` please mind the gap between the train and the platform '', 
  i am eu student in london , and i would like to get more info on that ? 
  and i apologize for anyone who i might have wronged . 
  i usually keep track of the signs and they say like `` keep left '' so i do . 
  but often i am met with people going up through the stairs that are meant to leave not to go up . . 
  first real job , that i found myself !, 
  watch this man become a wizard !, 
  you wo n't believe what happened at age 18 !!, 
  it 's hard being a child free senior , when you are 18 year old boy . 
  vlad the impaler . 
  real question here , is n't china better off financially than usa ? 
  - dave , when you do n't get to eat , you turn into a monkey !, 
  * gives cheddar *, 
  - better ? 
  * manly voice *, 
  - better . 
  uh uh uh uhh, 
  wow , there is more salt here than in the dead sea, 
  call of duty 2, 
  bottle opener , for defense and unexpected wine drinking sessions !, 
  `` you look like a psycho '' . . 
  dont worry !, 
  it will be fine ... 
  it 's just one of the downs you will have , and after that there will be an up again !, 
  you can take it again maybe ? 
  try to ask the professor , if you can do that again , because it 's very important . 
  or retake it next year darling , do n't worry , we are all people here , 
  please take care of yourself , you are more important than the college . 
  do n't forget that ever . 
  i talked my ex best friend out of suicide , tried to be always there for him and support him , until he did n't need me anymore , 
  so , hello everyone . 
  i started to learn flat design a bit of time ago , and tried to go for a designing , i do n't want anyone of my friends know that i am doing this , so i have nowhere to get critique from . 
  i read a lot about flat design , and tried to do it , the whole project was created in my mind first . 
  it 's my second flat design . 
  please tell me what i am doing wrong and what good ( if there 's anything ) . 
  thank you very much !, 
  p.s typography is hard , but i am trying my best ^ ^, 
  hey , i would love to receive critique for my latest design , i posted here once before , and got critique , i was happy for it , and tried to improve . 
  this is just a basic design , i know that too , but i made one because i want people to tell me whats wrong with it , how bad is it etc. 
  i will accept every critique that will be based on logical arguements !, 
   i used grid . 
  here 's the design . 
  link to design :, 
  thank you for wasting piece of your time on me !, 
  hello , is it possible to sort something by popularity using only css and html ? 
  or do i need to use something else like js etc. 
  thank you for answers . 
  i would be really thankful if someone could provide some material that contains information about how to do it . 
  hey , so where can i find halloween recipes ? 
  what can i make from voodoo stuff i got ( i think everyone did ) , what happens when i fill unfilled spellbook ? 
  i am really lost now , could someone explain everything to me ? 
  it 's my first halloween in tf2, 
  edit 1 : and how to kill merasmus ? 
  idk _ ) there 's always someone in the server who kills other players while we are trying to kill him . 
  my guess would be the typography : c , please tell me your opinions , very appreciate !, 
  hello , so there 's a huge discount on udemy , and i was thinking about buying this : https://www.udemy.com/complete-web-developer-course,
