  * attempts fist bump *, 
  this . . i share your pain !, 
  i am always startled by that sound  __ , 
  thanks !, 
  i really appreciate it . 
  will look into contact form , 
  thanks !!, 
  it means a lot to me , 
  is that ... it is . . 
  it 's oneplusone !, 
  oh god !, 
  * intensify intensifies * cool phone mate !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  it 's todoist ( https://todoist.com ) you can schedule your day there , and complete tasks , by which you earn `` karma points '' . 
  and it 's really easy to use ^ ^, 
  thanks !, 
  find a `` why '' at least doing so helped for me . 
  i was gaming and gaming and gaming and not doing anything productive . 
  i was doing nothing day to day . 
  then after some intense chatting , reasoning with my best friend , i realised , that if i wo n't work , i will be . . well you have an idea as to who would i be  _  . 
  i realised that with my school grades i wo n't get into great university . 
  i got depressed . 
  i got over it . 
  i started reading philosophy , i realised that i am not piece of shit haha . . 
  i want to earn money , a lot of it , as they say : you crave for something you do n't have haha , i want to be independent , free . 
  so i got strict with myself , i started reading , i forced myself to read books ( non-fiction ) . 
  i made myself to practice drawing everyday ( things i will need if i want to be a freelancer ) . 
  it was very hard at the beginning , if i get the urge to game , i would ask myself : `` how will it help me in the long run ? 
  '' , `` will it help me earn money ? '', 
  , `` what 's good from the gaming ? '', 
  , and in the process make myself feel shitty for trying to game . . then when i was feeling shitty , i was n't in the mood to play obviously , so then i got my hopes up again , by thinking : '' if i will read this book , i will be smarter '' , '' it will help me in the long run '' . 
  and i started reading , i do n't watch tv at all . 
  after you start doing that thing , for like 10 minutes , you then do n't want to go away from it . 
  of course , if you have your laptop on , music on , phone notifications on it . . will be worthless . 
  so i would turn my phone to mute , laptop as well , be in silence and read . 
  after you get into working mood it helps a lot . 
  and doing that for about a month , you kinda get that need to do it , like going for school , if you do n't go - you will bad if you skipped for no reason . 
  i am not sure if i helped , but this is how i am doing it . 
  oh right , i listen to ted talks , read at least 1 article a day related to the thing i want to work . 
  as i read a lot , i started to like myself more . 
  and after doing this for a month , you can compare , how much you advanced in just 1 month !, 
  it 's a great feeling !, 
  like they say : '' fake it , until you make it '' , listen to some earl nightingale if you are unmotivated . 
  well , if it helped someone , i am glad , if not , well  _  if you have any questions , feel free to ask !, 
  good luck !, 
  hope you get out of procrastination !, 
  bought it , now waiting for arrival !, 
  gon na play it a lot !, 
  but , i thought that internet people have no need for girlfriends/boyfriends : o how much internet are you ? 
  on topic : congrats , i am happy for you and sad for myself !, 
  xd do n't screw it up !, 
  a gf !, 
  and maybe new pencils  _ , 
  why putin ? 
  he was n't in charge of russia when they gifted it , was he ? 
  there 's only ~ 600 in mine  _ , 
  nose , nose . . 600 not 6k :d , but yeah ^ ^, 
  ooh , right xd i think going to 6k school would be awful  _  , oh wait  _  it 's always awful , everywhere in school lol xd, 
  burn the haystack ? 
  any introverts ? 
  gamers , book readers ? 
  anime watchers ? 
  talk to me . 
  thanks . . 
  you look like from an anime , uber cool !, 
  i am : c, 
  * hugs * thanks , bro ; , (, 
  uhm , there 's this thing in psychology , that means something like this : if you want to buy a new perfume , do n't buy perfume that you like , buy one that your boyfriend/girlfriend likes , because you wan them to like you and vice versa . 
  that way both of them will be happy with each other . 
  is n't that 's right ? 
  of course , there are limits to this . 
  but you get the main idea :d, 
  yes , he likes you , but it does n't mean that you should stop trying to impress you , right ? 
  i picked perfume not for no reason , because the psychology of smell , he will be even more attracted to you if he smells the perfume he likes . 
  i would recommend reading about those things , they are interesting ( probably the reason as well why i do n't have a girlfriend xd , but oh well :d ), 
  yeah , agreed !, 
  no one should be a marionette ^ ^ , keeping opinions is good . 
  maybe you should do some conclusions , haha ? 
  kinda sucks , but i know where u coming from : c, 
  why ? 
  how you survive this stuff ? 
  yeah , i hope so too !, 
  unless i break smth even more expensive haha !, 
  yeah  _ , 
  i know that feel , i tried to laugh it off tho, 
  just woke up , ate waffles !, 
  praise the waffles !, 
  nom nom nom ^ nom i want to chat , but waffles are good, 
  is that good mythical morning i smell ? 
  and i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i will always loooove you uuu !, 
  i am a male if that change anything, 
  hallo, 
  why so ? 
  :o though i know what you mean, 
  that 's kinda cool !, 
  my best friend used to do it , it 's a form of escapism , at first it 's to `` unleash '' the anger , or whatever is built inside , because when you cut yourself , your body releases endorphins , which is basically pain killer if i good recall my biology/chemistry course ( might be wrong , but for sure , that it releases it . 
  my friend described that it feels good to do it . 
  i told my friend that it will become an addiction , and i was right , you get addicted to that feeling , it becomes like a drug , that 's why it 's sometimes really hard to quit it , though i helped my friend to get over this , over countless talks and what not . 
  if someone 's cutting oneself , do not , by any means do not laugh from them , or say that they want attention , they try to hide it , the reason they are doing that , so they do n't bother others , so they can feel better without burdening others . 
  it 's a delicate and serious problem , because at some point , the one who is cutting himself/herself might stop feeling pain from that at all .
