  ( well . . naruto is uhm . . 
  it 's complicated with that many fillers ! ), 
  haha, 
  hm . . minato i guess :d there are a lot of fillers lol, 
  oh my god . 
  what if i told you , something that will change the reddit , and my inbox ? 
  * cough * feminism, 
  i know right , it 's great again !, 
  haha, 
  i think so too !, 
  it 's better than nothing , and it fixes the problem , for as long as i do n't lose myself and download all the useless apps again haha !, 
  for me , i always end up downloading stuff that i wo n't use or wo n't even need , and they pile up eventually . 
  `` lucky number slevin '' loved the idea of the movie !, 
  are you sure , jesus chan ? 
  heroin or heroines ? 
  there 's a difference there , after last time you joked , someone invented religion , so be careful !, 
  truth . 
  yes !, 
  i thought that no one would put it here , awesome !, 
  if this was russia , everything would be different, 
  that is a secret , my dear friend . 
  is he alright ? 
  i mean it can be lethal . 
  i was expecting something even worse , like he made food without washing hands and thus bees and wasps were all over the food and injured innocent people eating haha . 
  i do n't know i am passive aggressive until it 's too late . 
  and then because of my pride i bear consequences . 
  loud chewing, 
  can relate on both sides . 
  i sometimes just stop communication if i see it 's going nowhere , and it 's a deal breaker if our views are too different , tastes , the way of thinking . 
  after communicating for a bit , i already know , if it will work out or not , so far , have n't connected with anyone , and i have been here for oh . . so very long . 
  actually , if being honest , after the people i met here , i started hating people even more hah . 
  like , if you expect me to hold a conversation every god damn time , it wo n't work , or if the responses i get are : `` wbu ? '', 
  to every single question i ask , nah , it wo n't work that way mate haha . 
  friendships wo n't last if only one party is doing all the work . 
  full suits ? 
  we are only required to wear blazers as a form of school uniform . 
  swimming , socialise, 
  i would rather watch vice than fox news . 
  i have it on n910f , i am not sure about battery life . 
  some ui changes , not sure if `` daydream '' function was present before or not , but i found it recently haha . 
  sometimes it get glitchy with fingerprint scanner unfortunately . . about battery , check it yourself : http://imgur.com/bpu1t5p , btw , smart manager appeared , not sure if it was present before , i think not haha . 
  i am afraid to read , because i smell internet argument , and those are where both sides show how `` awesome '' they are : x, 
  i once saw a guy being made fun of , for being a ginger , by a fucking brown girl , i mean , it was the girl , that spends 80 % of her time in a solarium . . 
  either way , if i see someone making fun of a person just because of their hair color , that person becomes imbecile for me , i do n't want to have anything to do with . 
  hello , i enjoyed the series . 
  first tvshow that i watched in a very long time , i have n't even watched game of thrones , so it 's a big deal for me haha , because i loved this show , the issues that are mentioned there , are all relevant today . 
  the idea of hallucinations really got me , when `` mr.robot '' - elliot 's father , showed up , and he was communicating in a way with him , i always thought that he was real , until the scene , where elliot said something along the lines : `` you are making me say , that i am ` mr.robot ' '' loved that . 
  though , i would have loved if it was possible , to expect that part , like , you could spot from time to time , when he was talking with mr.robot , that people around him , looked at him weirdly , as if he was crazy . 
  well but those a minor things , i loved it nonetheless , hope you guys make s2 as exciting as s1  , and wo n't end the show without a proper ending . 
  you deserve an updoot !, 
  those girls , that say : `` i am so shy '' , like hell you are , if you were shy , you would n't tell anyone that you were so fucking shy . 
  i just ca n't bring myself to like the person , who fakes herself so much . 
  i wo n't lie , i liked it . 
  i am not an expert or anything , just a random dude , but i enjoyed it , maybe you picked the right song , i do n't know , but i listened to pretty much all of the song . 
  good job op , 
  loner, 
  he died saving a buss full of grizzly bears from orphans , such a shame . 
  he truly was a terrific person . 
  spanking, 
  44 days of hell , i think it 's called like that . 
  plain sigh . 
  steven bills, 
  internet . 
  kids these days wo n't even imagine world without it , hell , even i wo n't . 
  how much of a human they are , their worth . 
  it really depends on your point of view , and how you perceive death . 
  for example , i look at death , as not such a bad thing , since once i die , i do n't have to worry about anything , i do n't need to care about anything , i do n't believe in gods or anything , so once i die , i just stop existing , simple as that , in a way , it helps to get away from your mortal problems and stress . 
  other times , i remember this quote - `` death , therefore , the most awful of evils , is nothing to us , seeing that , when we are , death is not come , and , when death is come , we are not . '', 
  it 's simple as that , at least for me it is . 
  of course , we can say that it is a coping mechanism , to joke about death . 
  i was thinking of giving you an example using bone cancer in it , however , i decided not to . 
  some people might never be able to get over that fear i guess , saying that you should `` deal '' with the concept of death , might be same as telling the person that worries way too much , to just not worry . 
  i think that you just need to accept and understand , that your time is limited same as everything else , nothing lasts forever . 
  accept that it will eventually come to you , to me , what matters is how you accept it since there is no real way to `` deal '' with it . 
  i might have typed a lot of gibberish , i have n't re-read it . 
  just.don ' t walk, 
  woke up, 
  i am happy to hear that you are okay now . 
  could you tell me , the whole process of how you left ? 
  did you tell them , or just left without a notice ? 
  tried to make it better before leaving or not ? 
  how did you felt in the day you left , were you hesitant ? 
  were you scared ? 
  thank you for answering my questions , 
  this !, 
  i had the same problem , this fixes it for me as well haha, 
  i have n't experienced wifi problem . 
  so far , aftet recent minor update my battery life is great again i have been using the phone all day its still at 47 %, 
  for destroying the world for the reason which would have been easily avoided . 
  i am envious actually . 
  people who argue , even if you prove them that they are wrong , they still keep on arguing . 
  as thought they know it better , even if they are wrong . 
  thanks for this one . 
  it finally is snowing here !, 
  or our brains just do not want us to know how it works , so they make us forget it , every time !, 
  * conspiracy *, 
  there will be world war 3 , my predictions : in upcoming 10-15 years . 
  is it possible to forget your native language , or your family members from a concussion ? 
  since those are deeply connected with the brains , are n't they ? 
  i am curious .
