those prussians pulling down our glorious beer-consumption !, 
  i guess it is not about getting them deported , but rather to deny them the special treatment syrians get, 
  i 'd rather take a german broomstick than a french tank !, 
  then you just cut them off , siegecraft is nothing new . 
  there still is a franconia , sadly we are bavarias underlings now ; _ ;, 
  you mean in service , because there are 4 iowa-class battleships around . 
  well , austria could get hofer so there is that ... 
  same here , at least my summer vacation starts today . 
  let 's wait for the first contact with vlad p. 
  [ that 's pretty much it . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichsparteitagsgel%c3%a4nde ) having the stadium around would be pretty awesome . 
  well time to buy some paint and stuff , that 's a lot of work . 
  n\u00fcrnberg relevant again ? 
  do we get to finish the kongresshalle ? 
  true that , still there are bands that fit the bill even better . 
  kraftklub is not really fitting imho , too much pop i 'd say . 
  which is also a horrible accident in its own right . 
  just give the gurkhas a few jerseys and the situation will be under control in 2 to 3 days . 
  well , we tried it with wine once , the results were ... interesting . 
  it usually takes the whole world to bring down us germans , only for us to rise even higher . 
  let 's just close the passes and establish a no-fly zone , let 's see how they like that . 
  it 's strange , the dutch are supposed to be the tallest in europe but the ones i met were about 1,60 to 1,65 . 
  i guess they do n't let the `` real '' dutch out of the confines of their dikes . 
  that 's the problem with most of our contestants . 
  lena was a nice break from those mediocre at best `` musicians '' . 
  you are right , it does not compute but it w\u00f6rks, 
  can your parking lot accomodate bigger vehicles ? 
  my buddies and me are touring poland in our trusty leo 2s soon , so we need those parking spaces , 
  neither did the spanish inquisition expect that horribly stained g-string . 
  so it 's population is just as badly represented as it is in the us . 
  but was it gerrymandering , normal movement of citizens or straight up fraud ? 
  gyros is ok i assume ? 
  no , no i do n't think so they are your typical plastic moderators since a few years ago . 
  as a german i must say , eurovision is something we do n't get . 
  at least not yet . 
  that 's because cleaning personnel is allowed to wear their working clothes . 
  hello there sexy ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the dietrich-bonhoeffer-realschule in neustadt/aisch , but i guess tuscany was/is a very popular region to make a trip . 
  there is a comic about a piglet that has it as the theme . 
  [ this one !, 
  to be honest i never got the hype surrounding doctor who and coldplay ( who are mediocre in my opinion ), 
  the last years brought up some of the uglier faces everywhere . 
  belgium sure had enough of it . 
  trust me , i know that kind of people . 
  all that is left for them is to berate others , be it their family , friends , employees or as you said waiters/waitresses , because in their opinion everything could be done so much better by them . 
  just think about it that those people have nothing else to feel good about than trying to degrade someone else . 
  yep you really met our finest specimen , the assi . 
  back when i was still in school we went to florence , pisa , monteriggioni and san gimignano for our final trip , there we played a game of `` spot our countrymen '' that was quite an embarrassing week in italy . 
  maybe it was made by someone from the neue bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  they still have to learn a lot . 
  scones would come to mind . 
  let 's ask baden-w\u00fcrttemberg if they want to join us as well . 
  then we proceed . 
  we do n't go anywhere . 
  except if you are varg vikernes , he is too serious . 
  venom and serious black metal in one sentence is some crazy shit . 
  hell , totaly not my sub-genre but good nonetheless . 
  you know we shot the last brown thing coming from austria , so think about it . 
  hofer ? 
  i guess he sold his sword to afford more bananas . 
  oh god melonpan < . <, 
  can we have some of your beach-houses then ? 
  gives us more time to kick frenchmen around . 
  that 's not a defense , that 's an invitation . 
  he was over 90 years old , so he most probably died a natural death . 
  those are very british teeth on a belgian . 
  i thought it was contained ... 
  sometimes we get urges you know ? 
  like digging a hole at the beach for example and sometimes we just forget to stop . 
  like the kiel channel , ww2 , reelecting our chancellors and wrecking the brazilian national team . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  i tried a similar mod for archery in skyrim once while battling for a fort . 
  it was the most annoying mod i ever had . 
  switzerland is strange in some ways . 
  womens suffrage and `` verdingung '' come to mind . 
  was your music choice on purpose ? 
  that 's the best part of it . 
  let 's hope it does not get the ber treatment . 
  they are ready to polder all the time i heard . 
  do n't forget the festung , which is a purely defensive building . 
  like [ this . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/luftbild_wuelzburg.jpg ), 
  in this case everything is wrong . 
  [ hm ... ] ( http://you-big-blog.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/der-teetrinker.jpg ), 
  to annoy us continentals and have some good music and actors . 
  what exactly did i just watch ? 
  it amused me even though i did n't understand anything except frikadelle . 
  nothing spells capital like a bunch of dealers and thugs , just like berlin . 
  brb just gon na dust off my time machine . 
  funny how this kind of person was present in most central european countries , even the car is the same for this stereotype . 
  and at least half of the other royal families in europe , if my memory serves me right . 
  smart decissions are off the menu since a few years . 
  i am amazed how many swiss cross the border for groceries every day because of the price . 
  is it the same for you or do you consider it as unusual in the netherlands ? 
  bark from assorted trees and water . 
  we have just the right toys for that , do n't you worry . 
  the sun only sets one thing and that is its standards which are pretty low . 
  in germany it 's either the \u00c4rmelkanal or , if you are feeling funny , the antibritischer schutzkanal . 
  just kidding , it 's only the \u00c4rmelkanal which mean sleeve channel . 
  it is so they can actually process the sounds they hear as music .
