  you learn the grammar by noticing the patterns . 
  so if you 're doing lr with german , you might not know what cases are at first , but you notice that dem , der , and den come after prepositions most of the time . 
  then you notice that it 's dem for masculine things , der for feminine things , and den for more than one thing . 
  tada , you 've learned the dative . 
  simple example , but your brain is really good at figuring these things out if you 're actively engaging with the texts . 
  it speeds it up a lot , in my experience , if you take the time to read through an overview of the grammar ( on wikipedia , for example ) every once in a while , just to get a feel for what you 're looking for . 
  if you just ca n't figure out where se , le , lo , and la go where they do in spanish sentences , a quick google is normally enough if you 've already seen and heard them used a lot . 
  since that was probably my thread , i wo n't bore you with more of me telling you that it works , but one thing that 's definitely for sure is that you can use a wide variety of methods and learn faster than a uni class . 
  they tend to be pretty slow . 
  put in two hours a day and you 'll be miles ahead . 
   do you just jump into the l-r method having no prior exposure to the language ? 
  i personally find it easiest from around a2 . 
  assimil -  lr is a nice progression in my experience . 
  you can do lr from the beginning , though . 
  one of the write-ups i linked was a guy who did it from japanese , so it works even if the languages are n't close , but lr is just plain hard at the beginning . 
  effective , but hard . 
  edit : also remember , the founder of the method recommended translating the first few pages word for word to get started . 
   books by alan watts suggested that the language revealed hints at a different , less materialist or reductionist view of reality . 
  he was right . 
  how do you figure ? 
  what are considered the big three ? 
  those are the big three by speaker number , but it sounded to me like b_hutt might have been using some other metric , which is why i asked . 
  yes , it 's pretty far fetched . 
  if you spoke spanish you might learn how to convert enough to have some uncomfortable chats , but language learning is an activity where progress is usually measured in months , or even years . 
  realistically you 're talking about a few months to be able to have basic conversations about local architecture or the weather . 
  it points out a problem in what is usually considered the mainstream us left so that we can recognize it and avoid it ourselves . 
  the people being made fun of in this comic are n't exactly the people we need to be focusing on working with . 
  what do socialists have in common with snide , elitist , liberals who are probably pro gun control ? 
  that gap is a big one to cross . 
  our efforts need to be centered around the working class . 
  some of them are conservatives , some apolitical , and some liberals , but probably not the particular variety being made fun of in this comic . 
  focusing on the right people is an important part of effectively communicating our message . 
  and you communicate by listening to people , talking to them , and inviting them to meetings if they seem interested . 
  if you do n't know how to bring people to your way of thinking and your group , look up how the churches and salespeople do it . 
  cut the dishonest crap , but there are a lot of good strategies there . 
  who do you think did a better job attracting and organizing people this year , / r/socialism or the donald ? 
  i also do n't see the hate in this photo . 
  making fun of liberals is n't hate . 
  people need to know what we 're not as well as what we are , and what we 're not is anything like the democrats . 
  i personally would have posted this somewhere else , but i also do n't see a big problem with it . 
  they 're terms used by liberals to shame feminists who are n't sex-positive and think sex work is inherently exploitative under capitalism , or workers who see a class as a set of lived experiences and relationships rather than a self-identification . 
  or feminists who think that brains do n't have an inherent gender and that that idea is intrinsically sexist . 
  aka the dominant variety of feminism on socialist subs on reddit five years ago . 
  no more revolutionary feminism here , though \u2639, 
  my political peer group is n't particularly good at keeping me caught up with all the new terms . 
  what is a femme ? 
  how is it different from a female or a woman ? 
  are the people who 've gotten involved in leftist subreddits through all the front page full communism posts morally bankrupt ? 
  the donald is a sexist , racist , every kind of - ist shitshow . 
  that does n't mean that memes are ineffective . 
  dubbed movies very rarely have subtitles that match the dubs . 
  if you want matching subtitles , you probably need to go for shows and movies that were produced in french or italian . 
  how long have you been practicing your french pronunciation ? 
  it took me two years to learn to roll my r in spanish . 
  do n't get discouraged and keep practicing . 
  you know the developmental stage where babies babble incoherent syllables ? 
  they 're practicing their pronunciation and training their muscles . 
  think about how much nonsense comes out of their mouths before they start sounding right . 
  how does italian make that list over portuguese ? 
  italian is a regionally confined language of an average-sized european country with limited usefulness outside that area . 
  portuguese is spoken by hundreds of millions of people all over the world . 
  it 's not like it 's a small difference , either . 
  portuguese has 3.5 times more speakers than italian does . 
  ca n't you just set your wi-fi network as a metered connection ? 
  not that that 's a good solution , and i still hate windows , but that generally keeps my windows computer from updating or downloading too much stuff i do n't want . 
  if it 's not downloading updates in the background , it 's not filling up their hard drive either . 
  i do n't get this phenomenon . 
  years in germany , and i 've had people switch to english because of my poor german twice . 
  both were within six months of me arriving . 
  as long as i do n't tell people i 'm american and do n't speak english with anyone else around me , no one seems remotely interested in speaking english with me . 
  even when people got frustrated , `` try english '' did n't seem very high on the list of solutions . 
  but then again , why would it ? 
  most immigrants with shit german do n't speak english , either . 
  like another commenter said , it might be an accent thing . 
  even when my german was awful , i do n't think it was ever too american . 
  i finished the chinese course . 
  3000 in level 1-3 and 1000 from the daily life course . 
  i 'd say it took me hsk5 , ~ a strong b1 or weak b2 . 
  i did n't do all the active exercises glossika recommends , though . 
  i put it into anki audio -  tl and engish , and then i just went through and practiced the b sides ( active ) every once in a while when i had time and felt like it . 
  i also watched a lot of tv , and my active skills did n't catch up to my passive skills until i actually went to china for a bit . 
  i do n't really focus on chinese any more and just read/watch things in it when i find something interesting , but i 'm slowly turning my anki deck into cloze cards to give myself a little more active practice as well . 
  i should have been doing that from the beginning . 
  edit : might be worth noting i did assimil and another textbook series before starting glossika , so i was around a2 when i started with the course . 
   the `` r '' is actually a global problem when it comes to learn a language because it has so many variations . 
  i think it 's kind of funny that they 're all considered one category of sound ( rhotics ) at all . 
  where are you from that you use erhua and traditional characters ? 
  sorry for being nosy , but i 'm not sure i 've ever seen that before . 
   mi legis ** \u011d ** in, 
  it was n't that bad . 
  i can process 50 sentences of audio in a handful of minutes . 
  put it in audacity , select a sentence then press control + b , repeat 49 times , export multiple by label . 
  the deck in general was a ton of work though . 
  i kept going back and forth between whether it was better to screenshot the text , repair the ocr ( old glossika , new courses are n't like that ) , or type it out myself . 
  this thread is pretty funny as a chinese speaker . 
   might be a corny answer , but i love the word and . 
  what it looks like , and what it means . 
   it was his uncle holding him back on tattooing, 
  star wars would have been very different if uncle owen had let luke get that tribal tattoo on his face like he wanted . 
  in my experience , germans are very aware of how much the us helped them after wwii and happy to admit it .
