  i 've played on kgs and ogs and , despite being god-awful , have n't come across anyone being a jerk about it . 
  just go for it . 
  l and r are distinct , but many times english `` r '' sounds become `` l '' sounds in chinese , especially at the beginning of syllables . 
  think about the famous boy wizard , hali bote , for example . 
  i agree that the joke was in poor taste , but some chinese accents do struggle to distinguish between r and l in english , not because there is no difference in their variety of chinese , but because it 's not the same distinction as we have in english . 
  does he have trouble distinguishing the two sounds listening ? 
  see if he can tell minimal pairs apart without context . 
  if he ca n't , fixing that is the first step . 
  spanish : mexican or caribbean, 
  chinese : dongbei mandarin, 
  ancient greek : homeric ( of course ), 
  that 's from two years before terminator was released . 
  his accent is n't super strong or hard to understand , but he sounds distinctly austrian . 
  is this the right one ? 
  it 's also available here :, 
  i was disappointed when i moved to spain from latin america because i expected that aspect of the culture to be similar . 
  i generally say i 'm ml , but i really like a lot of stuff i read from maoists , too . 
  you can find language partners on italki.com and sharedtalk.com , but you might initially benefit more from http://lang-8.com/ , where you can get your texts corrected by native speakers . 
  people who learn mostly with duolingo tend to have somewhat machine-translation-like grammar . 
  yeah , i speak german every day and do n't find it particularly pleasant-sounding , and i think that 's perfectly alright . 
  i do n't expect everyone to find appalachian english as beautiful as i do , and i ca n't see why people feel the need to defend german so much . 
  i lived in andalucia , and i like the accent there well enough . 
  it was fun to overuse the perfect participle ( no helping verb necessary ) , as opposed to la where the preterite is far more common . 
  as far as the culture goes , i ca n't say there 's anything in particular i prefer . 
  friendly chatter and hospitality are very important to me , and i did n't experience a lot of either one in spain compared to mexico or honduras . 
  italki.com is good for finding skype exchange buddies . 
  i 'd get a couple of textbooks and work through them , and that will give you a good base for chatting on skype , watching tv , etc. 
  i personally like pavc and assimil , but there are plenty of other quality textbooks . 
  it 's not really a big deal whether you learn traditional or simplified . 
  simplified is easier to write by hand , but learning to read and type them is n't significantly different . 
  learn traditional if you know you want to go to taiwan , otherwise simplified is the safer choice . 
  since i do n't want to start my own thread to ask , while people are here , how is the name \u718a\u519b for a man ? 
  \u718a because my friends call me bear , \u519b because i saw it on a list of common chinese given names . 
  i just do n't want to end up with the equivalent of rainy . 
  in case kpgfisty runs out , i can invite people to asiatorrents as well . 
  edit : one left . 
  i do , pm me your email . 
  i use mcd for learning new vocab i see in the wild or working through a book or newspaper article , but everything else is sentences . 
  i 'd say try both out and see what works for you . 
  if you use mcd , i would set anki to only show one card per excerpt of text per day . 
  otherwise it 's too easy to cheat yourself because you 've seen the clozed word on a different card already . 
  if you really want learn ancient greek and communicate with people , you could learn ancient and modern greek . 
  i found that ancient greek ( with modern pronunciation ) helped a lot when i was in greece after only studying modern for two months . 
  the way people learn ancient and modern languages is pretty different , so you could probably even start both at the same time . 
  i also had to learn to read german ( also could have chosen french ) to graduate , while studying greek and latin , so learning a third language definitely is n't impossible , but i think russian is a bit harder , so choose wisely . 
  also , do n't listen to the people saying it 's harder to learn a dead language . 
  if you do n't have to learn to speak , write , or listen , that makes learning a language way easier . 
  cantonese is a type of yue , shanghainese is a type of wu , and pekingese is a type of mandarin , so you could say that they are in different families . 
  compare that to putonghua and chongqing dialect , which are both in the mandarin family . 
  black and african-american are largely synonymous . 
  some people prefer one , some the other , but neither are particularly edgy ^ 1 . 
  there are plenty of derogatory words for aave , like ebonics or jive , but in conversation with non-specialists , black english is probably one of the most neutral ways to describe it . 
  [ here ] ( http://atlantablackstar.com/2014/11/16/fascinating-study-reveals-white-people-far-negative-view-blacks-african-americans/ ) 's a recent article discussing the issue . 
   at a time when many people of african descent view the two descriptors to be interchangeable ,, 
  it then goes on to argue that we might should be more careful about the term black , but the default position these days is that they are more or less the same . 
  most of these tropes are the things i find endearing about asian dramas . 
  the one exception is weak female leads . 
  even the most badass somehow turn out to be helpless . 
  i just started sweet sweet bodyguard today , and it 's already not looking good for what i thought would be an interesting female lead . 
  i learned in the ruhrgebiet , the largest metropolitan area in germany , and the average person spoke little to no english , certainly not enough to have a casual conversation . 
  the exception is people under 30 who have graduated from gymnasium : it 's still hit and miss , but there 's a good chance they speak english . 
  are there regional differences in dutch ? 
  the only place i 've been in the netherlands was fryslan , but i remember them using a spanish-like `` r '' sound . 
  practical audio visual chinese . 
  it has dialogues with pinyin and bopomofo , grammar explanations , vocab lists with sample sentences and audio , and practice exercises . 
  there are five volumes , which is a lot of content as far as textbooks go . 
  just use german for an hour a day . 
  it 's not as big of a deal as seoultastic is making it out to be . 
  as long as you use it regularly , you 're not really in danger of losing much , and you will get better with enough exposure . 
  just might take a bit longer . 
  since german still requires effort to keep up , i 'd pick one of the easier languages on your list . 
  dutch is probably the easiest , and icelandic the hardest . 
  just whatever you do , do n't half-ass it and do n't stop studying german . 
  the low internet penetration means the population has a lot of room for growth , limited only by how quickly china 's infrastructure is improving . 
  chinese is the only other language that feels like it has a complete internet , at least to me . 
  if i limit myself to german or spanish ( or both ) , it becomes very difficult to do everything i want on the internet . 
  i agree that chinese is not dominant now , but i like infographics like this because a lot of people do n't realize that chinese is almost equal and could very well be the most used internet language in a few years . 
  i found matching french subtitles for bon cop bad cop , qu\u00e9bec-montr\u00e9al , congorama , and 20h17 rue darling . 
  they 're movies , not tv shows , but i 've never had trouble finding french subtitles for movies from quebec . 
  from latin and spanish i could already get by reading french , but this helped listening comprehension a lot . 
  dongbei folks pronounce sh , s , zh , and z funny sometimes , but it is one of the places where you are least likely to hear other dialects/languages . 
  warning for op , taiwanese cities mean taiwanese accents , and the situation between taiwanese and mandarin in taiwan is n't that different from shanghainese and mandarin in shanghai . 
  i 'm not saying that germans are going to start using the internet in chinese or talking about global reach at all , just that the people who use english on the internet might be a minority pretty soon . 
  i do n't have any idea what if any repercussions will come about when our part of the internet has less content than the chinese . 
  sent , 
  i 've only been playing banjo for a year or two ( ten years of guitar calluses help , but still ) , but i ca n't figure out how this happened . 
  what part of your fingers were bleeding ? 
  the blood is in strum marks . 
  how could you destroy your hand like that playing clawhammer ? 
  protests do n't get noticed as much if they do n't inconvenience others . 
  shutting down traffic is a pretty good way to get people to pay attention to you . 
  i 'll take fighting the system over good traffic flow any day . 
  protesting in a road merits death ? 
  what the fuck is with the people in this thread hating on the people protesting an oppressive government being so bold as to inconvenience people ? 
  so much for the punk part of the name . 
  when the state shoots , we should be calm and peaceable . 
  whether it 's mlk in the states or gandhi in india , that only works when there is a dangerous , growing violent response and the government needs a way to release tension . 
  mlk without the black panthers or gandhi without the resistance fighters have no way to put sufficient pressure on the government . 
  i wish we lived in a world where we could politely ask the bosses to be nicer , but if they do n't feel scared , nothing changes . 
  riots are n't as focused as violent resistance movements .
