  generally , \u53c8 is for the past and \u518d is for the future . 
  this is why studying collocations is important . 
  i 'm american and have no idea who charles schultz is . 
  i guess it depends on the country , but i 'd expect germans to know snowden and coltrane way above everyone else on that list . 
  they might have heard the name michael jordan , but no one cares about or watches basketball here . 
  i 'm sure it 's different in a basketball country , though . 
  itt americans have no idea what 's famous outside the us . 
  good textbooks teach collocations , but i 'm not familiar with any sources aimed specifically at collocations . 
  chinese suffers from a lack of textbooks targeted towards intermediate/advanced learners , but as long as you learn vocab in context and pay attention to collocations as you read , watch , or listen to chinese it should be fine . 
  i know this particular pair ( \u7d93\u6fdf\u4e0d\u666f\u6c23 \uff09 is in glossika , one of the few textbooks ( using that term loosely ) suited to intermediate learners . 
  yes , had no idea who wrote it , though . 
  that 's quite a lot they claim to govern . 
  and i would argue that european corporations have profited greatly from the eu , not the european people . 
  it does n't make sense for countries like poland out hungary to have the same trade policy as germany . 
  immigration is another issue that 's causing a lot of disagreement , because different countries have different values and interests , and germany just barrels ahead assuming they 're right all the time , like they do . 
  countries are tired of it , and either right wing populists are going to kill or neuter the eu , or it will end up federalizing . 
  also , why does it feel like everyone on reddit 's default argument has become ` you do n't understand '' . 
  i see this way more often than i used to . 
   europe has a much more egalitarian social democracy that is perfectly capable of distributing the proceeds in a reasonable manner . 
  it 's been getting consistently worse . 
  the situation for workers in europe is n't as good as it was 20 years ago , especially in countries that used to have more social democratic policies like scandinavia . 
   you clearly have no idea how the european parliament works if you think the germans ` barrel on through ' they are actually less powerful per capita than smaller countries because of the way the distribution of the seats works . 
  parliament is n't the only part of the eu . 
  who holds the administrative positions ? 
  and do you think germany 's disproportional commitment to funding the eu is out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
  they may hide it in idealism but they know the free trade they push benefits them greatly . 
   it most certainly makes sense for hungary and poland to have the same trade deals . 
  what you are referring to is the inability for euro countries to devalue their currencies to remain competitive . 
  no , you 're telling me what i think again . 
  free trade agreements are not the best choice for these two countries right now . 
  yes , the currency also causes problems , and i agree with you that a fiscal union would help . 
  increased federalization could solve a lot of these problems , but then we 're talking about even more centralized control and policy , which countries are increasingly rejecting . 
  it will only get worse if liberalism ( in the classical sense ) falls out of favor globally . 
  just so you know , anki does all those things besides multiple choice as well . 
   again , how is this the eu 's fault ? 
  the eu advocates neoliberalism , globalism , and free trade . 
  these are not social democratic values , democratic socialist values , or anything of the like . 
   administrative positions have nothing to do with passing legislation, 
  is passing legislation the only important thing the eu does ? 
   just like the rest of the eu, 
  eh , we 'll see how this plays out in the next 10 years . 
  despite questionable motives , i think brexit will turn out to be a good thing for britain and more , more tightly integrated countries will leave the eu or otherwise cripple it . 
  the eu federalizing would also be good for the eu , but it seems unlikely . 
   you need to actually substantiate this claim ,, 
  i 'm redditing in the wee hours of the morn , discussing eu politics on / r/china . 
  agree with me or do n't , but i 'm not putting in the effort needed to substantiate why free trade is more harmful to less developed countries . 
  there are plenty of articles about it , and your opinion usually comes down to different values looking at the pros and cons . 
  no , not at all . 
  here are some [ samples ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaulish_language#syntax ) of gaulish from wikipedia . 
  it was a celtic language through and through , not much closer to latin than irish . 
  could be , but that theory postulates that protoitalic and protoceltic shared a more recent common ancestor than pie , or that the proto languages had close contact with each other . 
  that would n't mean that the continental celtic languages were more closely related than the insular languages . 
  i would n't be surprised if they do share a bit more vocab due to loans and possibly some areal features , but it 'd be a huge stretch to say they 're `` pretty close '' to latin . 
  war 's never a happy thing , but a lot of people could have a lot to gain by a war in the scs . 
  destabilization and loss of face for the ccp could be the impetus that gets them taken out of power . 
  that could mean true independence for taiwan . 
  the north korea regime would lose its largest supporter . 
  i personally hope it does n't come to that because we could get the same effects from a trade war . 
  the us needs to call china 's bluff , treat taiwan like a real country , enforce freedom of movement in the scs , put a tariff on chinese goods , and let china choose how to handle it . 
  in practice it 's very normal to use pronouns referring to people 's sex when they 're talking about people . 
  it only sounds weird when the word is grammatically dependent on the word m\u00e4dchen , like relative pronouns or something . 
  when i see someone expressing derisible ideas on an open forum , i generally deride them . 
  that 's what most of the other posters here seem to be doing as well . 
  free speech is working as intended . 
  unless the chinese complainers have their way , but i doubt that . 
  [ oh death - dock boggs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiynoh99guc ), 
  not in unna they do n't . 
  i do n't think those particular differences are the most relevant ones , here . 
  china is right about tibet and the dalai lama because it 's good for china . 
  also , china being right is good for china . 
  if it 's good for china , it 's good . 
  this works on a smaller scale , too . 
  look at [ this example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/va1prqm.png ) . 
  this is what 's good for me , ideals be damned . 
  americans do n't respect -- many probably have trouble comprehending -- this kind of radical , unabashed , self-interested pragmatism . 
  america and americans prefer to couch their self-interest in ideals or other rhetoric . 
   no need to impose your position onto others . 
  i generally agree that * only * calling them brainwashed is n't the best , but this is a bit too much for me . 
  we may not have all the answers , but some people have more well-supported arguments than others , and some people do n't even try to justify their position . 
  i do n't have qualms about pushing my position on others when the other person 's opinion is dangerously wrong . 
  i feel like i may have communicated unclearly , because you asked this question again [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5s0a56/language_shower_thoughts/ddc4kwj/ ), 
   do you mean you can call someone a m\u00e4dchen , then use sie to refer to it ? 
  i was trying to communicate that yes , in speech you normally use sie to talk about a m\u00e4dchen . 
  the / s also did n't really change the way i read your comment . 
  maybe prolonged exposure to germans has damaged my sense of humor . 
  they can express those thoughts and feelings as much as they want in the prc . 
  they might even get \u00a5 .5 for them . 
  let me give you a pragmatic american perspective :, 
  americans can invite leaders friendly to american ideals to speak in america . 
  to hell with whether it offends the chinese students . 
  i do n't go to china and rail against being subservient to your parents . 
  do n't fucking come to america and rail against the free speech of the leader-in-exile of an oppressed people we supported and many of us still support . 
  you 've probably heard the phrase `` the one thing a tolerant society ca n't tolerate is intolerance '' ? 
  well , the one thing a society with free speech ca n't tolerate is people trying to take away that free speech , especially if they are foreigners loyal to a foreign government . 
  i 'd send the lot home . 
  the fact that you order chicken at a barbecue place makes me think i would n't agree with you about much when it comes to barbecue . 
  nah , the persians and afghanis will understand you . 
  no , being self-hating is a requirement to be german . 
  if anything you count double . 
   there is no reason that the only relationships in star wars should be straight ones .
