  the unlimited soft drinks ca n't be helping , but they can take those over my cold , dead , obese body . 
  most people i know in the us drink tap water . 
  bottled water is expensive and has a decent chance of tasting pretty awful . 
  it 's quite common to get tap water at restaurants in the us , as well . 
  it 's free and you can have as much as you want . 
  barbecue , mexican , traditional meat and three type meals , burgers , wings , chinese , and pizza are the most common types of restaurants i think . 
  compared to comparably sized towns in europe , american towns have way more variety in restaurant choices . 
  i think it never should have gotten to the point where being undocumented is tolerated bureaucratically . 
  we should have made sure immigration stayed documented and legal as much as possible . 
  woulda , coulda , shoulda . 
  at this point , i think there should be a path to legal status for undocumented people living in the us . 
  most of them are alright . 
  there 's no need to try some kind of mass deportation . 
  i 'm also not shedding tears when people do get deported for some reason . 
  it sucks , sometimes it 's the right decision , sometimes it 's not , but that 's how it goes when you live somewhere undocumented . 
  i want to live in a country with rule of law . 
  law is a burden , but it 's also a protection and it keeps things fair . 
  the murky half-legal undocumented nonsense has to go one way or another , but i blame our government and their incompetence more than the immigrants themselves . 
  there are tough decisions to be made on how to make our immigration enforcement consistent that will hopefully involve both immigration reform and increased enforcement . 
  tl ; dr yes , too many undocumented people , not too many immigrants in general . 
  yes , i think there should be a path to legal status , but keep it short , sweet , and simple . 
  i think displacing current populations is a problem , but most of the other effects of gentrification seem to be good things . 
  increased rights for renters and caps on annual rent and property tax increases should be able to stop or slow down the former problem without terribly inhibiting the flow of money into the community . 
  the only democrat i 'd be particularly interested in voting for is tulsi gabbard . 
  i think she has a chance of being the nominee , but she probably wo n't be one of the frontrunners . 
  cory booker and elizabeth warren are other options , or some other clown from the democratic establishment . 
  i would consider voting for biden , depending on how i feel about trump at the time . 
  he 's a half-decent labor democrat , but i 'm concerned about his age . 
  i ca n't imagine trump not running unless he gets impeached . 
  if he does , it 's anyone 's game . 
  if he does n't , i do n't know who the dems would run that could beat him . 
  the dems need to dip their feet in populism to have any chance , but it seems like the powers that be are n't too interested in doing that . 
  i hope i 'm wrong and it 's a good race , but who am i kidding ? 
  it 's going to be two years of grown adults slinging shit at each other on tv . 
  i can think of painfully few senators that i 'd vote for for senate , much less president . 
  who else would i vote for ? 
  which generals or governors would be good presidents ? 
  she will have seven years in congress and service experience . 
  could be a lot worse . 
  i 'm more interested in voting on her views , policies , and what i 've seen of how she conducts herself so far than just tallying up her experience points compared to a bunch of other politicians i do n't like anyways . 
  hah , i did n't catch that when i read it either . 
  after a while you 'll be able to tell what tone a word is when you hear it , but at the very beginning i 'd recommend looking the word up to double-check . 
   a good president is going to be capable of leadership , appointing people to outline her vision , using the bully pulpit , and hammering out deals in congress . 
  that 's all for naught if they 're pushing a vision i do n't agree with and appointing people i do n't agree with . 
  obama was great at compromising and getting things done despite his brief experience , but i still thought he was pretty awful because i did n't agree with what he was doing . 
  effectiveness for a cause against mine is n't helpful . 
  i mostly associate hickenlooper with gun control for some reason , but that 's a big complaint about gabbard as well . 
  i do n't know anything about what he thinks about foreign policy , which is one of the biggest issues for me . 
  i would never vote for a venture capitalist or anyone associated with h. clinton , so that 's a no on mcauliffe , and i 'd never vote for a new democrat , so that 's a no on inslee . 
  hickenlooper could endear himself to me , but the rest very much go against my voting interests . 
  it does hurt property values , but we have to weigh that against the negative effects of forcing people to move out . 
  there is natural turnover from people moving for other reasons , dying , etc. , after which the owner is free to set a market-appropriate price . 
  this strikes a pretty good balance . 
  it has its downsides , but it usually does n't stifle development too too much . 
  and either way , i put a much higher value on people not being forced to move out of their homes than maximizing economic development . 
  that 's why i think increased enforcement is important . 
  people have to know we 're willing to send people who do n't follow the rules home . 
  we 've been tacitly supporting illegal immigration for decades , so we have to be responsible for the human cost of our negligence . 
  any future immigrants need to be treated as the law says , which needs to be strict and decisive removal and monetary penalties to be paid by confiscation if necessary . 
  that 's true to an extent . 
  i 'm against most of the way the country is run at the moment . 
  still , though , the centrist groups are by far my least favorite and a lot of them are democrats . 
  there are a few people on the r side who are n't centrists , as well . 
  i 'm not hung up on voting for one party or another . 
  i 'd rather vote dem , but if trump got bannon 's tax plan passed and cracked down on china 's exploitative trade practices , i might even vote for trump . 
  i doubt it , but the point is there 's plenty of ideological room outside of what i wo n't vote for . 
  the pronunciations from lefcant and thonatas are how i say it and how i usually hear it pronounced . 
  the x pronunciation sounds weird to me . 
  going through some of the other forvo pages for similar words seems to confirm that pronouncing the ch as you do in ich is the most common way . 
  space exploration . 
  we need elevators , orbital shipyards , terraforming projects , self sustaining world ships , colonies in this solar system and others . 
  right now our eggs are all in one basket and the earth basket does n't look too healthy . 
  some friends and i once convinced a foreign exchange student that trampolines were illegal . 
  trampoline act of 1979 , some senator 's daughter died on one or something . 
  that 's why you have n't seen any . 
  we kept it up for a few months . 
  i do n't follow . 
  if remaining in the country without a proper visa is illegal , and you are punished for not following that law , it seems pretty equal to me . 
  germany does a great job with providing constitutional protections like this and has very few problems with illegal immigration because you have to have legal status to get anything done . 
  it 's not inhumane , it 's not evil ; you just have to follow the law and there are n't any government agencies bending the rules for you . 
  they do n't have to deny anyone due process or treat foreigners differently . 
  everybody has to have an id , immigrant or not , white , black , does n't matter . 
  now i differ with germany in some ways on their immigration policy , but the thing is that they could change and effectively enforce it tomorrow if they wanted to because if you 're there , you have papers . 
  not sure exactly which ones you 're referring to , but i 'm not a big fan of mass deportations of people who have been living here for years . 
  i think it 's irresponsible , and we have to hold ourselves accountable for our policies . 
  [ this one ] ( http://thecountrychickblog.com/2012/08/you-know-youre-from-alabama-when/ ) has most of the funny ones i 've heard about alabama . 
  i do n't disagree that any of this is the situation right now ; i just think we should change it . 
  i had a siesta when i worked in spain and it was miserable . 
  i could n't turn off for my break , it felt like working for 12 hours with a bunch of wasted time in the middle . 
  [ some of these ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5ian7q/language_learning_a_howto/ ), 
  i usually did 50 cards a day , about 30 minutes a day of just adding . 
  that was faster than i could keep up with studying new cards , so the pacing was about right for me . 
  i also used that time to look up anything i needed to look up about the sentences . 
  i just copied and pasted directly into the card creator and drug and dropped the audio files i separated in audacity . 
  ahsoka is my favorite canon audio book mostly because they got ashley eckstein to read it , but it 's an enjoyable book as well . 
  not as good as bloodline or thrawn , but if you are specifically looking for the audiobook i 'd recommend it . 
  i expected it to be more or less like hungary , the only other eastern european country i had spent much time in at that point . 
  there are plenty of differences , but from an american perspective i 'd say it was a pretty fair approximation of what to expect . 
  the biggest thing that surprised me was the food . 
  in general , european food does n't do it for me .
