  i 've only met one person who complained about it irl , and they were from california or something . 
  yeah , new york and alabama might as well be different countries when it comes to social norms . 
  that 's kind of why i singled out the person in my last comment as being from california as well . 
  two turds probably would n't even register for me . 
  i live in s\u00fcdwestfalen . 
  the only place in germany i 've ever noticed as having a lot of dog shit was hamm , but then again hamm is a very special place in a lot of ways . 
  starting with the index finger as 1 is the most common system in the us . 
  i normally start with the pinky finger , but i picked this up as an adult , i think while i was living in latin america . 
  it just felt easier for some reason . 
  i 've seen other americans start with the pinky , too , but it 's not the most common way . 
  i assume it 's at least partially due to influence from mexico , where counting from the pinky is the norm . 
  germans start with the thumb like most continental europeans . 
  people look at me weird when i use the index and middle finger for two . 
  it also took me a while to get used to asking people how many they wanted and getting a thumbs up in response . 
  why would n't a native speakers brain distinguish different types of uses ? 
  just because because they do n't know the name someone gave to it does n't mean that they do n't recognize the category at all . 
  not really a fair answer because i live in germany , but i know the basics and care a lot about the outcome , but i 'm not really worried about it . 
  i even did the wahl-o-mat ^ 1 when it came out a few days ago . 
  cdu is always the party i match with the least , but honestly i 'm okay with them winning again . 
  they 've proven themselves to be competent , even if i do n't always agree with the policies . 
  and who else would i want ruling germany , really . 
  got ta be kidding me . 
  afd ? 
  they 're awful , incoherent , and disorganized , even by right-wing populist standards . 
  die gr\u00fcnen and die linke say nice stuff sometimes , but i 'd be worried they 'd be at a loss when it came time to actually make things happen . 
  i 'm also not sure if creating legal and safe refugee routes is the best idea right now . 
  germany got more than it bargained for without them , and the priority needs to be getting decisions on all the people here , sending home the people who ca n't stay , and making sure germany can successfully integrate those who are staying . 
  it 'd be nice to be able to send more people home to a safe country , too , but no one in germany has too much influence over that . 
  so yeah , if i could vote , i might actually vote cdu this election . 
  so weird to say that , but refugee politics is the number one issue for me right now , and i feel like the cdu has been doing a passable job being humane and upholding the german constitution . 
  of course i wish the camps were n't all being outsourced to private/religious organizations , i do n't like anything about the cdu 's politics outside of the refugee topic , but they 're doing alright and i have n't seen any better plans . 
  ^ 1 wahl-o-mat ( electo-o-mat , roughly ) is a super cool website for german elections where you take a quiz on your positions on important election topics , and it tells you whose positions you match up with the most . 
  i 've never seen a website that does that good of a job for us elections . 
  they have versions for state elections and national elections , with different and relevant issues for each one . 
  no problem  that 's right , i 'm not german , just an american living here . 
  [ it seems to work decently well through google translate . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=de&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.wahl-o-mat.de%2fbundestagswahl2017%2f ), 
  might want to follow along on the [ german site ] ( https://www.wahl-o-mat.de/bundestagswahl2017/ ) just in case something breaks , though . 
  the first column is to help you pronounce it , the second is how it 's normally written , or at least that 's what i 'd assume . 
  esta is not technically a visa . 
  you still have to apply before you come , but it 's normally pretty painless . 
  something weird is going on here with his mother applying for a green card . 
  i 'm guessing they 're having trouble because they came to the us while they have an ongoing application for a green card , which can raise flags and make them suspect you 're not planning on going home . 
  must be different for italians . 
  the limit for germans is three months . 
  white or melungeon , depending on the context . 
  i also just say american sometimes when talking to foreigners to avoid explaining or justifying any answer i give . 
  in this case , you know it ca n't be b because you 'd have to change the other semicolons to commas , too . 
  that would also be a grammatically correct sentence , but it 's not a possible answer . 
   is this rule saying that , if there 's a comma anywhere in the sentence , all lists must be separated by semicolons ? 
  if there 's a comma in any of the items of the items in the series , the lists * can * be separated by semicolons . 
  you 've got two options for relative clauses like that . 
  if it 's essential , it does n't take commas . 
  if it 's non-essential , it takes commas on both sides of the relative clause . 
  the way it 's written in the text is non-essential . 
  the meaning of the sentence changes significantly when you take out relative clause , so it should be essential . 
  answer choice b is the correct punctuation of an essential relative clause . 
  googling essential and non-essential relative clauses can give you more information on this . 
  some of the details differ between american and british english , so be careful where you 're reading about them . 
  why do you want to feel masculine ? 
  forget about societal expectations and be the person you want to be . 
  if crohn 's prevents that , it 's not because you 're a man . 
  one . 
  up until a few months ago i was still able to have a beer here and there . 
  now i ca n't . 
  very little has changed socially . 
  i joke about it , my friends joke about it , and we can still bond over our weekly beer sessions , i 'm just not drinking beer . 
  there are also plenty of types of male bonding that do n't involve exercise or beer . 
  or , even better , you can just go for bonding activities . 
  i play chess with a group of guys four times a week . 
  is that bonding or male bonding ? 
  is it manly enough ? 
  stupid questions that are n't worth thinking about , in my book . 
  lots of guys are n't typically physically masculine for various reasons . 
  lots of women do n't look like they 're expected to look , either . 
  i 'd recommend ignoring it all and trying to look as good as you can . 
  two . 
  this one i found particularly funny because it reminds me of a woman i know with crohn 's . 
  she 's very ambitious and struggles with how crohn 's impacts her ability to do high-stress stuff . 
  i guess my point is just that it 's not a masculine thing . 
  you 're an individual , and you have to come to terms with how crohn 's impedes your goals as a person , not as a man . 
  also , women are , generally , much more familiar with the feeling of not being able to do things because of physical limitations than men are . 
  framing your problems in terms of masculinity might lead to you missing out on a lot of good support and advice . 
  three . 
  you 've got a dad . 
  that kicks ass . 
  `` less of a man '' is just toxic thinking . 
  figuring out how to provide for yourself and people you care about can be challenging , but it 's not like this is an distinctly male problem , especially not these days . 
  four . 
  you can call them platitudes if you want , but i 'm very much not a typically masculine guy and never really had problems on that front . 
  i 'm older now and have been married for a while , but let me give you a tip . 
  women can tell if you see them as women first and people second . 
  they recognize it when you assume they value certain things or will act a certain way because they 're women . 
  if you can just act normal around women and treat them like anyone else , that gives you a big advantage over a lot of guys already . 
  check out * dialect topology and social structure * by peter trudgill . 
  he brings up some of the reasons why languages might be typologically different . 
  classical chinese : this is not the same language as mandarin . 
  they 're as different as latin and french . 
  different grammar , different vocab , different language . 
  it has nothing to do with the complexity of the characters .
