  at the bottom of the home page , there is a list of all the courses they 're working on and how complete they are , by percentage . 
  if the language you 're interested in is near completion , it will probably be cheaper to go ahead and preorder it . 
  if it 's not on the list , who knows how long you would be waiting ? 
  ~ 30 minutes a day of audio flashcards . 
  sometimes subs2srs , sometimes other sources , right now it 's glossika . 
  at the beginning it was from assimil/other textbooks . 
  i used to do about 30 minutes of characters , too , but after a couple of thousand it 's easier just to pick up new characters as you see them . 
  i 'll probably start again when i need to start learning more uncommon vocab , but right now it 's just filling in some gaps . 
  i also watch a lot of chinese tv and movies ( probably an hour or two a day ) and , now that i 'm in china , get a lot of practice throughout the day as well . 
  on weekends , i generally spend some time reading . 
  what order ? 
  i never really paid attention to what order i did anything in . 
  i just tried not to neglect anything for too long except speaking , because my experience with other languages is that speaking comes pretty quickly if you can listen . 
  i know some people really push speaking early , but that 's not my thing . 
  i practiced shadowing/drilling sentences a lot for pronunciation , but i would n't really call that speaking . 
  you wrote all that because someone got screwed over by an employer ( surprise surprise ) and then had trouble opening the doors in your house ? 
  thanks for being helpful i guess , but damn you 're condescending . 
  not even the normal kind of condescending either , but the kind where you go post a manifesto on reddit about a person in a vulnerable situation , just to make sure it 's extra clear that you look down on them . 
  german is fractured into smaller regional languages , but everyone can more or less speak the standard language if they have to . 
  there are about three major types of spanish dialects , and with a little exposure they are not too hard to understand . 
  it 's more fractured than russian , but not as much as german . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , and it has plenty of dialects/sister languages i ca n't understand . 
  a scot , a jamaican , a speaker of aave , and an australian will have a hell of a time communicating if they ca n't revert to a more standard register . 
  if you consider chinese a language , it 's probably more fragmented than arabic . 
  mandarin and cantonese have close to no mutual intelligibility when spoken , and in wu territory alone , it 's not uncommon to not understand what the people in the neighboring city are saying . 
  i 've also read that people from different parts of wenzhou have trouble understanding each other , and that 's just one city . 
  which northerners are hard to understand ? 
  except for the few straggling platt speakers , i thought northern germany was pretty homogenous linguistically , due to the relatively late arrival and spread of hochdeutsch in the region . 
  plus , outside of germany , platt usually is n't included with the high german languages/dialects like koelsch , voralbergisch , swiss german , bavarian , etc. 
  what did i say that made you think i 'm unaware of how close it is ? 
  as someone who has pretty good command of general american , australians are easy to understand minus a few lexical differences . 
  i still do n't think it would be easy to communicate with a jamaican without significant accommodation , and when some aussie friends visited me in the states , i had to translate aave for them . 
  at 19 , i tried to watch life of brian for the first time . 
  i could n't even follow the plot and had to use subs . 
  my first irl encounter with an australian went about the same , but after being around it for a while i find it pretty easy now . 
  rp was never difficult , but like you pointed out , that 's mostly helpful for media . 
  yeah , i just included scots and jamaican because if we 're using the `` arabic is a language '' standard from op , they seemed relevant to the discussion . 
  and of course , it 's hard to talk about mutual intelligibility between english dialects , whether we 're talking about patois/scots or jamaican english/scottish english , because education in a standard register is so widespread . 
  eh , i ca n't find the link . 
  if i remember correctly , the author used three main categories : 1 . 
  peninsular spanish ( minus andalucia ) 2 . 
  coastal spanish ( including andalucia , the caribbean , argentina , chile , and other s-eating places ) and 3 . the non-coastal regions of northern south america + mexico and central america . 
  i 'm sure i missed it a little bit , but i think that 's close . 
  it 's definitely not a detailed breakdown , but as a learner i find it fits pretty well with how well listening ability transfers between dialects . 
  i 've worked for  a year each in honduras , germany , hungary , and spain , studied in mexico for a semester , and am currently in china . 
  if you like moving around , being an english teacher is a pretty good job for it . 
  some people act like it 's a huge deal , but you really only need three things : a job , a visa ( not a big deal ) , and money for a plane ticket and one month 's rent + deposit . 
  it 's not possible for everyone , but it 's an attainable goal for most , especially if their language skills are good enough to rent from people who do n't speak english . 
  they 're usually charging higher prices than the non-english-speaking locals , in my experience . 
  eu is definitely one of the harder places to get a job , but i 've known a few americans who got jobs as english teachers because no one from the eu had applied for that position . 
  the way my employer at the time explained it , they could n't hire the americans without at least interviewing the eu applicants , but if there were no eu applicants , it did n't cause any problems . 
  how would you define a police state ? 
  incarcerations per capita ? 
  police killings per capita ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand this completely . 
  how is it different from - fuckin - in the word absofuckinlutely ? 
  to add to this , the money and benefits are generally much better for people with teaching certifications ( and sometimes experience ) from their home country . 
  this allows you to get jobs in the snazzy international schools , compared to the local schools/colleges or private language schools which generally do n't pay as well . 
  i have better than 20/20 vision , still hate reading a lot of chinese websites . 
  pretty much anything with traditional i magnify or have to rely a lot on context , so i would n't worry about your eyes . 
  i 've never had a problem with books , though . 
  i have noticed it 's getting better , probably because the exact strokes of a character are n't as important as i get more out of context the better my chinese gets . 
  about a2 . 
  enough to have some meaningful interaction and know enough structure to put new vocab items and phrases you hear to use . 
  you also have to have some context to be able to pick up new things . 
  sometimes you have enough context from the situation , but the more you understand , the more context you have . 
  also , it helps to know enough so that people do n't give up on trying to communicate with you immediately . 
  i ca n't imagine a childhood without bologna sandwiches . 
  that 's kind of like never eating kraft singles . 
  i think that would be a good idea , but i would recommend making it a word or phrase that does n't show up in dictionaries/textbooks that often . 
  a word of the day i could have pleco-d is not nearly as useful . 
   `` i no like you . 
  what u say no good . 
  i no anarchist . 
  i good people . 
  i down vote u. '', 
  they even threw in a little less subtle racism for good measure . 
  judging by their understanding of aave , sometimes i suspect most redditors are from montana . 
   `` you be going to the store right now ? '', 
  but white people say `` you going to the store right now ? 
  '' , so it must not be wrong , and thus not aave . 
   in british english , for example , the original pronunciation or as close as possible is considered normal for significantly more loanwords than in american english . 
  people say this a lot , but 1 . 
  it contradicts my experience and 2 . 
  i ca n't find any studies with relevant evidence either way . 
  outside of the us , putting pictures on resumes is common practice . 
  if you are really , really , ridiculously good looking , just go with it . 
  zoolander references aside , it 's used to make sure people are the right race and , secondarily , the right look for the job . 
  i hate it , but if it 's required , there 's not much you can do about it . 
  i 've had people openly tell me they just throw away applications with no picture . 
  you can always leave out a picture , and if they 're serious about your credentials , they 'll ask you for one . 
  the downside is you risk missing out on a few opportunities . 
  where in europe ? 
  in germany and spain , pictures are usually required on resumes . 
  in fact , it was a german business owner who told me he threw out applications with no picture . 
  when i was doing job search training , i never saw a student not put a picture on their resume . 
  i 've never heard anyone say otherwise , so it must not be all of europe . 
  i guess i overgeneralized . 
   you can try to discover the principles in the chinese language by yourselves and make a conclusion . 
  i never had a teacher , so i did a lot of this and agree completely .
