  especially considering that of the languages with cases , the only one with more than ~ 15million speakers is german , it 's easy to see why someone would associate western languages with a lack of grammatical cases . 
  there are n't many people studying sla doing research on people teaching themselves . 
  i hope some other commenters know of some , but afaik sla is geared heavily towards classroom learning and immigrants/children . 
  and seeing as how none of the products you mentioned are popular in classrooms , my guess is you wo n't find any proof that one is more efficient than the other . 
  glossika does n't just have vocab and definitions , though . 
  it 's sentences , at times strung together with a bit of context . 
  that 's part of the appeal is that it 's not just vocab . 
  true enough about the commentary and explanations , though . 
  if you 're looking for that , glossika 's a definite no . 
  it 's not proven , but probably the most well-loved program across languages for self-learning on here is assimil . 
  pimsleur , michel thomas , and glossika all have their fans but it 's far from unanimous . 
  just as a side note , just because a program is boring does n't mean it 's not efficient . 
  fsi is boring as hell , but it 's still an efficient program . 
  the hanban estimates are absurd . 
  the fact that the german and french association estimates both put hsk4 at a2 while hanban puts it at b2 should show you how far off they are . 
  a2 and b2 is an enormous difference . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd have no qualms about putting the hanban estimates on a resume , but realistically you should go with the french association estimates . 
  the german estimates are a little harsh , in my opinion , but it accurately reflects the way the cef is used in germany . 
  it could be \u738b\u5728 , which is a chinese name , possibly vietnamese as well . 
  in vietnamese it would be pronounced v\u01b0\u01a1ng t\u1ea1i . 
  the one on the left might be \u7389 ( ng\u1ecdc ) as well . 
  does any of that seem right ? 
  both of those characters also exist in chinese , so i just typed it out and looked it up in a chu nom dictionary . 
  what kind of gun is that , by the way ? 
  as far as audio-only courses for beginners go , it 's quite good , but wo n't get you very far at all , and so might not be worth a hundred dollars to you . 
  you can probably get it from your library and save yourself some money . 
  you might want to look into michel thomas too , if pimsleur sounds appealing to you . 
  mt focuses more on grammar and less on useful phrases , but it 's a good audio course for beginners as well . 
  that page is more or less just a promo for their product . 
  unless i 'm missing something , it seems to be ink for use on paper and they say nothing about whether it 's toxic or not . 
  a field has to be pretty damn small for there to be no literature about it in chinese . 
  definitely smaller than economics . 
  where are you looking for translations ? 
  have you tried linguee.com ? 
  it 's a pretty good place for finding technical terms , but the english -  chinese pairing is n't as good as most other languages . 
  you 're talking about the german dictionary , right ? 
  it 's great for english < -  german , but pretty much rubbish for chinese . 
  if you want a german < -  chinese dictionary , you can download the free german dictionary files on pleco . 
  and if it 's not there in that dictionary , you 'll still be able to see the english results , which are generally more thorough . 
  check linguee for technical terms , though i doubt there are a lot of chinese < -  german documents . 
  pretty complete . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , but i have the german files on there because occasionally it will have a word the english dictionary does n't . 
  nciku was a good dictionary . 
  when it became line , they took out some of the features . 
  unless it 's gotten better recently , it 's just an okay dictionary now . 
  stress always gets me . 
  more than vegetarian pizza , more than baked beans , more than anything else . 
  if i get stressed about something , i can be 100 % sure that i 'll be in pain and more the next couple of days . 
  it always starts a day or so after the stress . 
  i make a lot of choices , small and large , in order to avoid stress . 
  i was n't like that before crohn 's . 
  i have the emotional depth of a teaspoon , so i 'm not really sure what the difference between stress and anxiety is . 
  anxiety is pretty much stress in anticipation of something , right ? 
  if so , that sets me off just as much as any other kind of stress . 
  if you download the english and japanese subs , it only takes a couple of minutes to put them together using aegisub . 
  open them in different windows , sync them , then copy and past the lines from one over into the other and you 're finished . 
  the chinese internet is about as big as the english speaking internet , with its own memes , message boards , social media , etiquette , internet celebrities , and everything . 
  it is indeed kind of a mindfuck to realize that even though the internet lets us connect more and get more info than ever before , we 're still missing more than half of it . 
  they mean we 'll only get a one world government as a response to something like a world war or other catastrophic violence . 
  kind of like the un grew out of a response to ww2 . 
  it 's got about the same number of users . 
  do n't forget that many nonnative english speakers use the internet in english as well . 
  the `` s without a vowel '' is the correct sound . 
  it 's spelled si4 in pinyin . 
  there 's no good way to write this using english letters representing english sounds . 
  if i had to pick , it would be something like suh , but that is n't particularly close . 
  ipa would be / s\u0268 / . 
   objectively, 
  what would make a language objectively better to learn ? 
  you wo n't find this online . 
  there 's no market for it . 
  your best bet is to download chinese dubs and get english srt 's from somewhere else . 
  my so works with refugees in germany , and they say levantine arabic is what most of the refugees speak . 
  msa would have very limited uses . 
  right now though , the most in demand language for someone wanting to work with refugees here is persian , simply because very few germans speak persian and there 's a decent number of people coming in from afghanistan and iran . 
  there are more arabic-speaking refugees than persian , but germany also has a large ( ish ) pre-refugee-crisis arab population who can take a lot of these new jobs which require arabic . 
  i 'm sure it 's different from country to country , so depending on where you are , the answer of what to learn might be a little more complex than learning the language of most of the refugees . 
  even if you learned maghrebi arabic or kurdish you 'd have no shortage of people to work with any time soon . 
  the one with fan bingbing ? 
  that 's chinese , so no dubs needed . 
  avistaz is a great site for torrents of chinese movies and shows ( including multiple versions of popular ones like \u6b66\u5a9a\u5a18\u50b3\u5947 ) , but i do n't think it has much ( any ? ), 
  chinese-dubbed anime . 
  most stuff is in the orignal language , or occasionally mandarin instead of cantonese or vice versa . 
  420 blaze it . 
  but yeah , it can be really addicting , and it 's something you do n't really know until you experience it . 
  but five years later the magic is gone and speaking the language you * were * learning is just your everyday life . 
  and that 's beautiful too , in a way , but not nearly as striking as first breaking into a new culture . 
  so you start learning another one . 
  it baffles me how german rap is n't more popular , even ( especially ? ), 
  in germany . 
  aside from some big names like bushido , most ethnic germans i know do n't know or care about german rap music at all even though it 's one of the best scenes in the world . 
  it 's not only tw/mainland . 
  i have two copies from the mainland ( one physical , one ebook ) and they also have different orders . 
  iirc they just put the flashback in a different part of the book . 
  as for why ? 
  no idea . 
  the downside to having the flashback at the beginning is that it feels different from the rest of the book . 
  i was like , `` wtf i thought this was supposed to be sci-fi , '' especially because i read so slowly in chinese that it took weeks to get past it . 
  if you read the flashback in the middle , you can see why the flashback is there and where it 's going a little better . 
  so i would read it in the middle , but it 's not like it ruins the book to read it at the beginning or anything .
