  where do their rights end , because it seems like having your law enforcement operating outside of your country and jurisdiction would n't be considered a `` right '' by many people . 
  serbo-croatian , luxembourgish , k\u00f6lsch , and the baltic languages also use a pitch accent . 
  when i ( ruhrpott-dweller who lived briefly in the rhineland ) imitate a k\u00f6lsch accent or hear others imitate the accent , the sing-song intonations are one of the most noticeable things about it . 
  i assume that 's coming through from the local language . 
  but aside from anecdotal impressions , [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitch_accent#franconian_languages ) has this to say about it :, 
   a pitch accent is found in the following franconian languages , or language groups : luxembourgish , limburgish , ripuarian and moselle franconian . 
  they are sometimes collectively referred to as west central german tonal languages . 
  despite significant differences between individual languages within these groups , generally most often there is a contrast between unaccented syllables and accented ones having either of two tonal accents , or sometimes none . 
  the tonal accents are referred to under a variety of names and denominations . 
  tonal accent 1 , called sleeptoon in dutch or sch\u00e4rfung in german , has mostly a steep rise of pitch followed by a sharp drop of both pitch and intensity and a return to their previous levels . 
  tonal accent 2 , named stoottoon in dutch , is having a linear slightly falling contour keeping intensity level . 
  his bookstore was n't in the mainland when they were forced to fire him and hand over their records . 
  extradition treaty ! = foreign cops can come arrest people . 
  thailand has no records of arresting gui , or even of him leaving the country . 
  lee bo was was in hong kong when he was arrested , not the prc . 
  these are all examples of overreaching and operating outside of their jurisdiction . 
  check out the tokemo malay anki deck . 
  it 's got a lot of sentences and vocab with audio . 
  you 'll probably want to use a real course , too , but the deck 's a good resource to keep in mind . 
  i just use different keyboard layouts/imes and cycle through them using ctrl + shift . 
  i have hotkeys for english and german , which are the two i use most often , but cycling through is manageable most of the time . 
  why do you only type with your thumbs ? 
  it most likely comes from cantonese gap1 gap1 ( \u6025\u6025 ) or malay cepat cepat . 
   many already know chinese is very abstract and the language itself is symbolic in nature and thus likely to utilize symbolic logical principles more than some would assume . 
  the first ( from top to bottom ) egregiously badlingy quote in the article . 
  first of all , there is n't anything about the chinese language itself that makes it more symbolic than others , and even the writing system has a fairly low number of purely pictographic or ideographic ( symbolic ? ), 
  characters . 
  and even if chinese were more symbolic than other languages , it still would n't mean it uses more logical principles . 
  but that 's just the start of it . 
  the post gets weirder as it goes . 
  i think op is proposing some kind of new system for reading meaning from chinese characters , but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  edit : op 's post history reminded me a bit of that guy with nine-hour lectures on youtube about how laws are invalid because they do n't use true grammar or whatever , and i 've been trying to remember/google his name all day and i ca n't come up with anything . 
  can someone help me out ? 
  edit 2 : david wynn miller . 
  agreed . 
  my brain tried to understand the post as `` new mnemonic technique '' a couple of times , but op seems to legitimately think that 's how characters are constructed . 
  those are doves in english . 
  it 's the same word in german though , so probably for other languages as well . 
  it takes me about two years to get to know a german as well as i can get to know the person behind me in line at dollar general in alabama . 
  also , being direct is generally seen as a positive thing , and people do n't couch their requests and opinions behind indirect language as much . 
  for example , i was wondering if you could ... 
  it 's also socially acceptable to straight up disagree with people by just saying no . 
  as an american , sometimes i feel like i 'm in a bad children 's show watching grown people nein and doch each other back and forth . 
  also repitition . 
  being from alabama , it generally takes me a while to get to a point , and it 's normal to rehash what i or other people have said . 
  this frustrates germans , a lot . 
  talking to strangers is much less common , as well . 
  while the person at dollar general in alabama might tell me about their son 's most recent adventure that led them back to prison , or about how their husband drove over their mother 's grave last night , or whatever , i 'm lucky to get a greeting in germany , and that only in small towns . 
  for me , yes . 
  for a relatively small amount of effort , it connects me to a nice community of people from all over the world . 
  [ this news site ] ( http://www.espero.com.cn/ ) , for example , is made by chinese esperantists . 
  that sounds like a description of the lojban community to me . 
  i ca n't imagine what will happen to the job market in germany if it gets as hard to get a visa for brits/nirish as it is for americans , especially since such a large amount of work is offered only on a freelance basis , which means no work visa . 
  i 'm pulling for a brexit for other reasons , but it seems likely to drive up demand for the english teachers who can stay , which wo n't bother me at all . 
  i hope it means that language schools stop the exploitative freelance-but-not working arrangements so that teachers can get visas , and they do n't have to rely on eu citizens . 
  personally i would have gone with baguexit . 
   i can read it as soon as i have typed it by remembering its sound . 
  but the sound does n't come into play at all when using cangjie . 
  if i can say it and read it , but i ca n't visualize it , how do i know which shapes to type ? 
  no , you do n't have to . 
  most schools will expect you to speak * only * english in the classroom . 
  some schools , though , like it when teachers can be more autonomous interacting with customers , scheduling/re-scheduling appointments , etc. , and that means they 'll prefer teachers who can speak the local language , even though they want you to conduct classes in english . 
  from personal experience , i would n't have gotten hired in spain and honduras if i had n't been able to speak spanish . 
  my bosses and the administration were monolingual spanish in both places . 
  i got hired with shitty german the first time i worked in germany , but the second job search there was much easier because i spoke german , and a couple of the interviews/application processes were done entirely in german . 
  i also found it way easier to get work the second time around with much better language skills . 
  the only place i 've been where i felt like they did n't appreciate me being able to speak the local language was china . 
  which makes sense , because they want easy to control english-speaking drones who stay in the dorm and crawl out on their command because they rely on the school for survival . 
  being able to take care of your own shit really throws a wrench in their take-advantage-of-the-clueless-foreigners employment model . 
  if you have a good employer i 'm sure it 's not an issue , but unfortunately there are lots of the other type in china as well . 
  i 'm happy about it because it further dismantles the former empire and provides the best opportunity in a long time for the dissolution of the uk itself , which means increased autonomy for irish and scots . 
  it also weakens the eu , which is one of the primary exporters of neoliberal economic policy throughout the world , which continues to negatively affect less-developed nations . 
  i think it was definitely a victory for democracy , even if not for self-interest . 
  the english people chose themselves , and that 's what they 're going to get . 
  just because they did n't prioritize britain 's economy and finance sectors does n't mean democracy failed , it just means that the people did n't prioritize those things . 
  i would love to see similar votes in china , which could be especially beneficial for non-han groups and groups that do n't enjoy prc rule . 
  put tibetan , taiwanese , hong kong , and uyghur sovereignty to a vote in tibet , taiwan , hong kong , and east turkestan , respectively . 
  would leaving the prc be a bad idea for their economy in the short term ? 
  sure . 
  but the uk ( unlike the failed scotland referendum before it ) has now shown that peaceful , democratic separation from larger governments is possible . 
  yes , but iwaka was talking about cangjie . 
  that does n't use the sounds or jyutping in any way . 
  there was a secret book used by necromancers in the elder scrolls : morrowind that was more or less written in esperanto . 
  it was irrelevant nonsense , as far as i remember , but it was still pretty cool seeing esperanto there . 
   and groups that do n't enjoy prc rule . 
  though i think `` do n't want to be ruled by the prc '' would have been a better way to phrase it . 
  good idea . 
  and if you did n't grow up around firearms , learn to use them and carry one with you when you can . 
  that is quite possibly the single most foreigner friendly place in china ( if you ignore the scammers ) . 
  just leave the forbidden city , turn left , walk 10 minutes over to wangfujing . 
  it 's a straight road you ca n't fuck it up . 
  just a joke a saw today on ptt that made me chuckle . 
  answer for those who do n't want to see the whole thread : 42, 
  i know what hurts me and what does n't . 
  most crohnies also figure that out after a while . 
  i do n't see anyone claiming to be an expert on what hurts other people or even crohns itself . 
  that was one of the first comments on ptt as well , different joke though . 
  no way you understand 99 percent of swiss german unless you speak a related dialect , like something alemannic , or have had more than average exposure to it . 
  are you sure they were n't speaking standard german in a swiss accent ? 
  i was watching a swiss broadcast ( only stream we could find ) of a soccer match recently , and the commentator was completely understandable because he was speaking standard german .
