  `` stimulation of the wrist acupuncture point pc6 for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting '' . 
  in lee , anna . 
  cochrane database of systematic reviews ( online ) ( 2 ) : cd003281 . 
  vickers , aj ; cronin , am ; maschino , ac ( 2012 ) . 
  `` acupuncture for chronic pain individual patient data meta-analysis '' . 
  arch intern med : 1 . 
  there 's three . 
  two for pain and one for nausea . 
  as a disclaimer , i think tcm is 99 % bullshit , but i started thinking about acupuncture when it was prescribed in the us to a family member cancer patient by a non-asian , non-hippie doctor . 
  turns out there might be something to it , but it has n't been being tested for that long . 
  yep , here in anhui it 's \u7f8e\u5973 the vast majority of the time , with a little \u5c0f\u59d0 sprinkled in . 
  toefl is all general american . 
  cambridge tests ( fce , cae , etc. ), 
  are a mix of various native accents , mostly british . 
  i 'm not sure about ielts . 
  there may be fewer native english speakers than non-natives , but there 's no way there are fewer native-to-native interactions than non-native to non-native . 
  non-natives often use the language for business or travel , but most natives use english all day every day . 
  that 's a lot of interactions . 
  i do agree with your point , though . 
  understanding people with various accents , native and non-native , is an important and useful skill . 
  peking is roughly how it would have been pronounced in mandarin when the name was borrowed , so in a sense they did transliterate directly from mandarin . 
  they just never started using the more modern pronunciation like english did . 
  german is another language which preserves peking , i 'm sure there are a few more . 
   wubi is for those who are familiar with the pen strokes ( literally : five pen ) i.e. 
  how to write chinese . 
  all chinese strokes are simplified to five stroke types . 
  that sounds like you 're describing [ \u4e94\u7b14\u753b ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wubihua_method ) ( wubihua ) , which is very different from [ \u4e94\u7b14\u5b57\u578b ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wubi_method ) ( wubizixing , usually called wubi ) . 
  wubihua is relatively slow and inefficient , but useful for typing on old phones or typing in a character you do n't know on the computer without needing to study a complicated system like wubi or cangjie . 
  wubi , on the other hand , is one of the fastest input methods around , but it takes a while to learn . 
  the strokes are still grouped in major stroke types on the keyboard , but that 's where the similarities end . 
  german is not very difficult . 
  more difficult than norwegian , yes , but still one of the easier languages for english speakers . 
  the difference will be a couple hundred hundred hours to proficiency , if that . 
  that 's nothing in the context of how long it takes to learn a language . 
  as someone who speaks english and german , i can kind of read dutch sometimes . 
  but when it 's spoken , you wo n't understand more than catching a word here and there . 
  but it is quite easy to learn - german students generally take 6 weeks of summer dutch class before they can start university courses in dutch . 
  if you speak standard german , everyone will understand you . 
   95 % will be able to speak something similar enough to standard german for you to understand . 
  however , if a group of swiss people or bavarians or something do n't want you to understand , you wo n't understand . 
  to anyone who knows the area , they will know that norwegian/danish/swedish is kind of blurring the line between speaking three languages and speaking one , kind of like claiming you speak croatian , bosnian , and serbian . 
  it wo n't be that much more impressive than german on a resume unless you 're dealing with an american who does n't know better . 
  also , german is very useful in europe . 
  norwegian is useful mostly in norway . 
  i 've never met anyone that uses anything besides pinyin on a computer , so i ca n't tell you how popular it is besides not very at all . 
  maybe typists use it , but as good as the pinyin input methods are now , the benefit has to be tiny . 
  i 've heard cangjie is popular in hong kong , though , because until recently , all the phonetic input systems were based on mandarin , which many hong kongers did n't / do n't know . 
  subs like / r/communism and , to a lesser extent , / r/socialism tend to be pretty serious and discussion-oriented , so / r/fullcommunism is a place for leftists to post memes , make jokes , and generally let off steam . 
  last month in my town the hot shirt was black and just said `` pervert '' on the front . 
  every stand in the pifashichang was carrying it , and seemingly every fifth villager was wearing it at any one time . 
  `` lorem ipsum '' and `` sample text '' are always big contenders , as well . 
  many chinese people are not used to dealing with l2 speakers . 
  someone can speak to me in english in a foreign accent all day and i wo n't bat an eye , but god forbid a foreigner speaks chinese . 
  i asked a guy for directions the other day , as simple a conversation as possible , and he starts yelling to everyone on the square that i can speak chinese . 
  it 's just not something they 're used to . 
  some old folks here ca n't / do n't / wo n't understand me unless i dialectify my speech a little bit , and about 5 % of everyone i meet tingbudongs everything i say , for no apparent reason . 
  i know my chinese is bad , but you should understand me asking you \u591a\u5c11\u94b1 or \u548b\u5356\u4e86 . 
  the 5 % are generally the same kind of people who ca n't keep their mouth closed when i approach them and start speaking , so i just tell myself it 's not my fault and move on . 
  and if it is my fault , bad pronunciation or something , fuck it . 
  just keep practicing and improving . 
  i can generally tell the difference between the `` i 'm open to understanding but i do n't '' face and the `` foreigner panic '' face , though . 
  a guy a while back let his freshly lit cigarette fall straight out of his mouth and did n't even notice when i asked him for a bottle of green tea . 
  i swear , these people sometimes . 
  but anyways , it 's that lack of exposure to non-native chinese speakers which causes these problems , which means you have to be spot on ( much better than in spanish , for example ) to be understood by your average zhou . 
  edit : despite using your question to vent , i do have to agree with / u/luomulanren 's sentiment . 
  it 's frustrating when people do n't understand you due to a small error , and that 's a problem you would n't have with many other languages , but you have to use that to get better . 
  and your chinese will be all the better * because * you get feedback anytime you 're slightly off . 
  i 'll echo everyone else 's sentiment and say meet them through your hobby ( ies ) , whatever it is . 
  most all of my chinese friends i met through music . 
  when i moved here , i went around to all the different music stores playing their instruments chatting with the people there . 
  i met some cool people and started expanding my friend circle from there . 
  [ unna rap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7cskkyovsw ), 
  [ das zweite ergebnis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy-3wlibgck ), 
  every wehraboo i know calls themself a huge fan of modern history , or military history , or whatever . 
  and it 's true that some people are huge fans of modern history and not wehraboos . 
  but the number of huge fans of military history with a nazi flag hanging in their house who are not wehraboos is zero . 
  hi , shameless asshole here . 
  sometimes i do n't want to think when i watch a movie , and i generally like reboots . 
  what makes you think it 's a good idea judge people by their movie preferences ? 
  what about my preferences implies that i `` aimlessly occupy time until before [ i ] know it [ i am ] fucking dead ? '', 
  there are many ways people can engage and stimulate their minds besides sharing your taste in movies . 
  we need a new word for the emotion i feel when i realize i only have enough hair to comb on the sides of my head , but none on top . 
  what 's wierd about lieutenant ? 
  and yeah , wednesday has the same thing going on as comfortable , where the consonants have switched since the spelling stopped changing . 
  edit : oh , british pronunciation . 
  how could i forget ? 
  oh , i did n't realize - ieu for the oo in too sound was that unusual . 
  lieutenant , in lieu of , richelieu ... actually not as many as i thought . 
  i guess it 's pretty wierd after all . 
  glossika is great , because it 's tons of content in natural , register-appropriate language . 
  the downside is that all the fluff is gone . 
  the most user-friendly thing about it is that it 's from easier sentences to harder . 
  gsr makes it so that you do n't have to keep up with when to review what . 
  but that lack of fluff is my second favorite thing about the course , first being the amount of content . 
  when i pop on the tracks when i 'm on the bus , i do n't have to listen to anything besides what i 'm there for . 
  no british people droning on about the country 's customs like teach yourself , no lackluster students or half-hearted mnemonic device suggestions like michel thomas , not as much english as pimsleur . 
  i open the pdf to where i left off and there 's nothing on the page i do n't need to see . 
  but there are no grammar explanations , no vocab or cultural notes , no fluff at all . 
  the pace recommended for the gsm track is about as fast as 90 % of language learners could ever hope to sustain . 
  this is n't a situation where the company is overpromising their product , but they are leaving out the fact that it takes much more individual motivation and effort than most courses .
