  see # 5, 
  * is being able to speak from day one important ? 
  see # 2 and # 6, 
  and if all of this gets too confusing , get a textbook . 
  they 're written to guide you through the process , and the exercises will include activities that exercise the same language muscles as the ones i 'm writing about here . 
  most textbooks are well-suited to # 2 , # 3 , and # 6 . 
  the listening-reading ( lr ) method is , most simply , using bilingual texts with target-language audiobooks . 
  you learn new vocab by comparing the text with the facing english , as opposed to word lists or dictionaries . 
  grammar is acquired naturally rather than explicitly studied . 
  this technique is based on the idea that the amount of comprehensible input ( i.e. 
  listening to things you can mostly understand ) is the most important factor in learning another language . 
  in its purest form , lr allows you to skip the boring textbook sentences and children 's books and go straight to what you want to read . 
  it 's made comprehensible by using parallel texts , rather than relying on the learner to be able to understand most of the language independently . 
  [ here is the mother of pure lr 's guide ] ( http://users.bestweb.net/%7esiom/martian_mountain/!%20l-r%20the%20most%20important%20passages.htm ) . 
  the writing style is a bit jarring , but there are some very good points and considerations there . 
  it 's essential reading if you want to use lr as your main learning strategy . 
  lighter forms of lr can also be used in conjunction with other methods , and there 's no one way to do it right . 
  the standard method is as follows : 1 . 
  read the english version of a long text , the longer the better ( l1 ) , 2 . 
  read the original text ( l2 ) while listening to the audio , 3 . 
  read the translated text ( l1 ) while listening to the audio again . 
  this is the most important part and the only step that can not be skipped under any circumstances . 
  repeat these steps until it gets too easy , then get a different book . 
  doing another repetition using the shadowing technique is a good way to get some pronunciation and speaking practice in with this method as well . 
  you have to get a feel for what works for you . 
  warning !, 
  if you 're not really analyzing the text in detail and figuring out how the language works , what you 're doing is extensive reading/listening . 
  that 's good practice , but it 's in the practice activities section rather than the learning strategies section for a reason . 
  a good rule of thumb is that if you do n't understand it , it 's not helping you much . 
  more on that in the practice section . 
  * instantly engage with content interesting to you, 
  * all vocab and grammar is learned in context, 
  * no explicit grammar instruction ( only a pro if you 're someone who freezes up when they hear words like verb , adjective , conjugate , or decline ), 
  * good for learners who have large chunks of time to dedicate to learning , scales well with long study sessions , even upwards of 9 or 10 hours at a time, 
  * lots of listening practice from the very beginning, 
  cons, 
  * requires extreme amounts of concentration, 
  * no hand-holding , your brain has to do the work of figuring out the language itself , and you have to schedule and motivate yourself, 
  * difficult to gauge progress at the beginning . 
  it will likely be at least 100 hours before you start understanding noteworthy amounts of native speech in the wild, 
  * easy to fall into the trap of not focusing and analyzing enough , which leads to very slow or nonexistent progress . 
  and because it 's difficult to gauge progress , you could spend 50 hours `` studying '' with little to show for it if you 're not careful, 
  * easy to get demotivated because of how little you understand at the beginning, 
  * not a particularly efficient method if you ca n't dedicate at least two hours at a time to it . 
  this method scales very well with long study sessions , but if you only have 30 minutes at a time , you 'd be better off doing something else, 
  in short , this is a powerful method for confident learners , but it 's easy to mess it up . 
  for people who are trying to learn their first foreign language , i would not recommend using lr as your primary learning method . 
  it is , however , a great activity if you have a whole weekend and want to spend it doing nothing but studying . 
  further reading : http://users.bestweb.net/~siom/martian_mountain/!l-r/lr_for_grasshoppers.html, 
  shadowing, 
  strictly speaking , shadowing is pronunciation practice . 
  it 's much like repeating or echoing l2 audio , but done simultaneously as the l2 audio continues to play . 
  the reason it 's in the learning strategies section is because of how it 's used in conjunction with a resource like assimil , which is what i 'll be focusing on here . 
  for those unfamiliar with assimil , it 's a collection of about 100 short dialogues or occasionally monologues with facing translation in english ( l1 ) and audio recordings of the dialogues . 
  linguaphone is another set of similarly structured courses that work well with this method . 
  with a little adaptation , this can work with glossika or fsi as well . 
  assimil is not explicitly designed for shadowing , but it 's almost perfectly suited for it . 
  the learning itself occurs similarly to the lr method , in that you are comparing text/audio to a translation in english ( l1 ) . 
  assimil has two huge advantages , though , in that a ) it is designed to introduce less complex words and grammar first and gradually get harder and b ) there are notes and explanations to help you figure out why things are the way they are . 
  here 's how it looks :, 
  first , put the lesson you 're working on on repeat . 
  keep your book closed . 
  try to speak along with what you 're hearing . 
  after doing that a few times , open your book and read along with the english while continuing to listen and speak along with the audio . 
  then begin to read the l2 text and glance over to the english ( l1 ) , still listening and speaking along with the audio . 
  turn off the audio , analyze the text and the translation , read the notes and look up anything you do n't understand , then do any exercises in the book . 
  read the l2 text out loud , then play the audio again and shadow it . 
  check your pronunciation against the audio recording . 
  depending on you goals and how much time you have , there are some more activities you can do with the lesson as well . 
  you can do a dictation exercise by listening to the audio and writing or typing out the text , then checking what you wrote with the text in the book . 
  you can do [ scriptorium ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/scriptorium ) . 
  you can record yourself reading or shadowing the dialogue and compare it with the audio . 
  after you 've studied the lesson as outlined above , you can use it as passive listening practice when you ca n't spare the attention to properly study , for example on a commute or while doing the dishes . 
  even if you do n't follow the method as strictly as outlined above , or if you do n't think shadowing suits you as a primary learning strategy , it 's a great activity to incorporate into the study of any textbook or material that has audio dialogues . 
  at an intermediate or advanced level , shadowing audiobooks is a very effective and efficient exercise . 
  this is based mostly on professor arguelles 's shadowing method . 
  the shadowing step by step video at the bottom of [ this page ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/shadowing ) is a very detailed , in-depth look at the method and how to do it . 
  professor arguelles can be a bit eccentric , and like many polyglots tends to be a bit dogmatic about the way that works best for them , but he 's undoubtedly one of the most skilled language learners in the world . 
  you can learn a lot from listening to or reading what he has to say about it , even if you think some of it wo n't work for you . 
  * practices speaking , listening , and reading, 
  * clear , structured learning as laid out in a textbook like assimil, 
  * grammar explanations, 
  * vocabulary and grammar is learned in contexts, 
  * easy to gauge progress and see improvement, 
  cons, 
  * although more structured than some strategies , assimil does n't guide you through the learning process as much as other textbooks . 
  some degree of learner autonomy is required, 
  * assimil and other shadowing-friendly resources cost money, 
  * requires ~ 30 minute chunks of uninterrupted , focused study time, 
  this is a solid method that is clear , easy to follow for inexperienced learners , and available for a wide variety of languages . 
  this is one of my top picks that works well for most learners . 
  10000 sentences, 
  the idea behind this method is that if you can read and understand 10,000 sentences in a language , you can understand most anything . 
  like the lr method , 10k is based around the idea that you large amounts of comprehensible input is what determines a learner 's success . 
  this , along with grammar translation , is one of the oldest language learning methods out there . 
  it works , but it 's difficult to implement correctly and efficiently . 
  one modern approach , popularized by antimoon and later ajatt , is to immerse yourself in the language ( read books , watch tv , etc. 
  ) , pull interesting sentences from things you read or hear ( called sentence mining ) , and put them into flashcards . 
  l2 sentence on the front , english ( l1 ) and any notes you might need on the back . 
  you learn the words and grammar through sentences on your flashcards , and ajatt recommends 10,000 hours of immersion ( what i am calling practice activities ) to go along with your 10,000 sentences .
