  specifically grammar ? 
  five percent of the time , probably . 
  unabridged audiobooks and ebooks are the most helpful to me . 
  for most major languages , finding reading/listening materials was pretty easy . 
  i 'd like to study hebrew or arabic , but neither language seems to have many audiobooks . 
  i was talking to a couple of polish guys here in germany the other day , and we got to comparing experiences learning german . 
  it 's amazing what a little motivation can do with a dictionary and no idea what you 're doing . 
  you can swear to speak to your roommate in german , take your dictionary with you to parties , write conjugations on your wall , etc. 
  it sure as hell was n't `` and then we used duolingo '' . 
  and people on this thread are acting like their rights are being violated because duolingo put up a language they do n't care about . 
  i understand , i could n't give half a shit about high valyrian , but i do n't see why it should bother me that other people do , or duo is making some promotion money , or whatever is happening in this case . 
  if you 're a beginner , you 'll see the important words frequently , and you should n't be looking up lots of advanced words while reading anyways . 
  by the time you 're advanced , you 'll probably be remembering new words much more easily and it 's not as big of a deal . 
  i do think properly used srs speeds up vocabulary acquisition/hour , but it comes down to the person a bit . 
  i can read for 4 + hours a day if i 'm not too busy . 
  there 's no limit to how much i can study that way . 
  i personally ca n't handle more than a couple of hours of anki , and i ca n't even sustain that for more than a few weeks . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not , but guinness is n't particularly popular in germany . 
  i mean , you can buy it at the supermarket , but it 's not more popular than the us . 
  i had to look up what witbier is . 
  hefeweizen is pretty common , but i do n't know anyone who drinks hefeweizen as their everyday beer ( maybe there 's a region where that is common , i do n't know ) . 
  all my friends and i drink pils and occasionally schnapps if we make it past eleven , usually whatever someone brought back from their last hunting trip . 
  the cool kids drink landbier . 
  earth . 
  compare him to american presidents of the past . 
  compare him to leaders of other western nations . 
  he 's very much a centrist by either standard . 
  bernie is not a centrist . 
  warren is not a centrist . 
  ted cruz is not a centrist . 
  tulsi gabbard is not a centrist , but she does have broad appeal across the spectrum . 
  obama was very partisan , yes , but policy-wise he was about as pragmatic centrist as they come . 
  she 's the only democrat i have any interest in voting for next election . 
  maybe some others will come up , but if she decides not to run i 'll probably sit the next one out . 
  your body adapts if you stop bombarding it with soap . 
  plus , if everyone else is the same way there 's no need to be self-conscious about it . 
  if people exercise they generally shower or wash up , so it 's not like people get drenched and then just do n't clean themselves . 
  pro free trade , pro bailouts , continuation of interventionist foreign policy , opened areas to oil drilling , pro-corporate healthcare reform . 
  obama endorsed macron in the french election for christsake , the centrist to end all centrists , the guy who 's trying to gut the french welfare system . 
  if your honda is like my honda , that is indeed a coast button like i had in my previous car . 
  you coast and then it sets the speed at whatever you were at after coasting . 
  i do n't think most working americans , conservatives or liberals , are pro-bailout , but comparing obama to other leaders ( e.g. 
  bush ) is the best i 've got . 
  the other things are all centrist , though . 
  also , keep in mind that [ centrism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centrism ) is n't just a compromise between right and left . 
  it 's an ideology in its own right , somewhat independent of the overton window . 
  which of the other policies i listed do you think are n't centrist ? 
  edit :, 
   to say such a thing throws your credibility out the window, 
  i know this is just a casual reddit discussion , but is my credibility really relevant here ? 
  i gave concrete examples that can be discussed themselves . 
  no one is appealing to authority , no one is trying to sell themselves as an expert , there 's no reason at all my credibility should make a difference here . 
  even if i were a pathologically lying , drug smuggling , neo-nazi who preferred calzones to pizza , that would in no way be relevant to what i said . 
  nobody should rely on duolingo , and nobody should feel like they 're entitled to have duolingo follow their opinions on what is and is not a worthy language . 
  nafta was bush 1 , which is why i put it on the centrist list . 
  it does seem like the right has moved away from that , though , thank goodness . 
  enough money can get someone to do something , but definitely not anyone anything . 
  why do n't you just do your homework ? 
  it 'll make class easier . 
  i missed half of ninth grade because i was in the hospital , and i still got all my homework done from the hospital bed . 
  get your shit together . 
  [ that would be far too biblical  ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=ezekiel+18%3a13&amp;version=nasb ), 
  seriously though , usury is the biggest drain on the american people . 
  the interest , the inflation , the political control , the ability of the banks to shut down the economy as we know it and hold us hostage . 
  i do n't think we could immediately change everything like you 're talking about , but we could at least start . 
  getting rid of the banking cabal would be a good first start . 
  i do n't have a strong opinion about how ; nationalize the fed , abolish the fed , they all have their ups and downs , but it 'd be better than what we have now either way . 
  you ` want ' it done . 
  you do n't ` need ' it done . 
  people who study latin tend to be people who value education in and of itself . 
  we do n't usually do it for the degree , or the certification , or the job prospects , or really much any other reason besides that we think it 's worth knowing . 
  doing your homework for you would defeat the purpose . 
  it 's not about a code of honor or values . 
  i 'm glad i had people who did n't take shit from me when i was a kid . 
   but im not here to discuss your values . 
  i mentioned why people study latin only to answer your question about why latin threads have homework douchebags . 
  you can do this yourself . 
  that means it 's not a need . 
  or no one can do it . 
  that 's also an option . 
  also means it 's not a need . 
  i know there are services out there that do your homework for you . 
  i 'm familiar with some of them - hazard of having been a teacher . 
  the fact that you 're too lazy and/or stupid to find them is probably a good thing in the long run . 
  but if you do find someone to do your homework for you , you pay money to not learn . 
  you lose either way . 
  i 'd never heard of scritches before this question . 
  i do n't know that much about basketball , but the football industry is still overwhelmingly dominated by white guys . 
  the players make a lot of money but they do n't have much say in how things are run . 
  i see a picture of a girl hugging a donkey when i click on the link . 
  that is the way many native speakers act because they frequently are doing you a favor . 
  not being good at a language is an inconvenience . 
  when people learn i 'm american , i often get to humor their attempts at english . 
  it 's fine as long as it 's not excessive , but i am humoring them . 
  i do n't see why this would be an anachronism . 
  english speakers had trouble pronouncing german words then just like they do now . 
  as an alabamian who lived in texas for a while , they most certainly can be that rude . 
  most are n't , but that 's true anywhere . 
  plenty of americans are angry about arming rebels . 
  a lot fewer americans are pissed off about the russian email thing than reddit would have you believe .
