  you can raise class consciousness without using the word class , and i would recommend it most of the time . 
  i try to find as much common ground as possible and do n't start working in my own strictly communist feelings until i 've built some political camaraderie with the person . 
  most do n't know that i 'm a communist , and i try to shy away from words that most americans have been taught to hate , like class , labor , socialism , etc. 
  it all depends on the person , though . 
  tl ; dr convince them of your ideas without calling the ideas communist . 
  i would n't say `` arse '' is unknown in american english . 
  my grandmother and her acquaintances say it frequently , but it 's true that i do n't hear it a lot among young people . 
  ass is a donkey , not a hybrid between a horse and a donkey . 
  that 's a mule . 
  the venezuelan anti-revolutionaries are just as dangerous and hell-bent on snuffing out anything resembling a people 's movement as the cuban anti-revolutionaries . 
  the difference is that most of that venezuelan group still live in venezuela . 
  it 's a dangerous situation for the people , and i wish them the best fortune in what will undoubtedly be a struggle to continue the revolution . 
  sorry about that . 
  these things slip out despite my best efforts . 
  there was an ama with someone who fled the country after chavez 's re\u00eblection ( as they put it ) not that long ago . 
  extremely reactionary would be giving him too much credit . 
  it 's most associated with californian english , but you can hear it all over the states among younger people now , probably in part due to the influence of hollywood . 
  sure people try to pronounce it with the proper tone . 
  the assimil course in ancient greek ( as the most prominent example ) does a decent job of using reconstructed pronunciation . 
  edit : just realized it would have been polite to link the course i 'm talking about . 
  last i checked it was only available from a french base , but it seems like they 've added italian as well . 
  i love the music they play at the tournaments . 
  i 'm not sure i understand this , but i would also like to be a helicopter . 
  that sounds like a good religion . 
   you 're not a fucking catholic . 
  you 've just been abused by years of conditioning . 
  i do n't understand the difference . 
  a lot of people say it 's difficult , and it 's more difficult than french , spanish or german for an english speaker , but it 's still a relatively familiar germanic language with a more complex grammar than its scandinavian neighbors . 
  it would n't take nearly as long for an english speaker as hungarian , for example , and it 's hardly the most difficult language for native english speakers if you expand past europe . 
  i regretted updating . 
  i use anki primarily to learn mandarin , but i 'm not sure that was relevant to my decision . 
  i felt like i had less control over the type of cards , organizing fields , etc. , but i might just not have given myself enough time to figure it out . 
  i uninstalled it and reinstalled the older version . 
  it 's been shown to outperform placebo for treating pain . 
  ernst , e. ; lee , m. s. ; choi , t. y. 
  `` acupuncture : does it alleviate pain and are there serious risks ? 
  a review of reviews '' ( pdf ) . 
  pain 152 ( 4 ) : 755 -- 764 . 
  doi :10.1016 / j.pain .2010.11.004 . 
  pmid 21440191, 
  lee a , fan , lty ( 2009 ) . 
  `` stimulation of the wrist acupuncture point pc6 for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting '' . 
  in lee , anna . 
  cochrane database of systematic reviews ( online ) ( 2 ) : cd003281 . 
  vickers , aj ; cronin , am ; maschino , ac ( 2012 ) . 
  `` acupuncture for chronic painindividual patient data meta-analysis '' . 
  arch intern med : 1 . 
  one of them supports the use of acupuncture to treat post-operative nausea , not pain , but i included because it furthers the point that acupuncture outperforms placebos . 
  i find reading to be generally unhelpful for everyday vocab , excluding niche websites about things i do in my every day life . 
  however , you seem to consider news vocab every day vocab , which i do n't , so my answer might be irrelevant . 
  i keep a separate category for news vocab in my anki deck , and i take the effort to study news vocab specifically . 
  blogs are much more `` every day '' , in my experience , and unless they 're news blogs , do n't share much vocab with the news . 
  i save the reading for more specialized vocab . 
  for everyday vocab , banal soap operas or movies where people do a lot of average stuff have been my best friends . 
  if you have trouble understanding them , use subtitles . 
  i 'm also trying a frequency list for the first time at the moment and i 'm enjoying it , but i 'm using it with the goal of understanding boring tv shows so i can use the words in a more natural way . 
  if you were asking more about news vocab :, 
  for german , i read a couple of articles from the online version of a popular news magazine ( der spiegel ) every day and put the words i do n't know into anki as a part of the full sentence i found them in . 
  after having done that for about six months , my comprehension of the news ( written and spoken ) went from god-awful to pretty good . 
  it 's not the most fun thing in the world , but the improvement was quick enough to be worth it . 
  i feel like that only worked because my german was far ahead of my news comprehension ability in other areas . 
  i would make sure my `` boring daily stuff '' vocab is up to snuff before i start listening to or reading the news . 
  tl ; dr put in whole sentences from the stuff you 're reading , not words . 
   `` a person will never die solely because they are female or because they were black . '', 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but your privilege clearly has n't taken you to the many places where this is not true , where people die and are killed because of their perceived race . 
  also , the proletariat is n't monolithic . 
  uniting the proletariat can not be done without addressing the issues which we think divide us . 
  the struggle against capitalism is the struggle for worker solidarity , which is at best imperfect and at worst impossible under the shroud of sexism , racism , and their oppressive ilk . 
   `` a person will never die solely because they are female or because they were black . '', 
  i ca n't get over how far from my world you must be to be able to say something like that . 
   `` a person will never die solely because they are female or because they were black . '', 
   where do you live then ? 
  laos ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , racism to the degree of murdering people for their ethnicity has been pretty much stamped out in the west . 
  you seem to have not taken the non-western part of the world into account with your first statement . 
  to me it seems like you were n't counting them as people , probably not maliciously , but as a subconscious expression of western privilege . 
  to fight capitalism , we must also fight the capitalist within , the beneficiary of global privilege . 
  to disregard the tragedies outside of the western world is to perpetuate the capitalist system . 
  it 's hard to fight oppression when people wear their fortunate circumstances like blinders against the plight of people around the world at the hands of capitalism in whatever guise it takes . 
  socialism is a global struggle . 
  each racially motivated killing in laos is just as painful as the racially motivated killings that still happen in mississippi , no different than the people killed by imperialism in the developing world are no less valuable than those killed by capitalism in the west . 
  i am a fluent reader but have pretty much no active skills at all . 
  i still read ancient greek for fun three years after finishing studying it in uni , even though i have no use for it at all . 
  so yes , it 's very enjoyable . 
  however , you probably will need a large passive vocabulary to find it enjoyable . 
  that comes with reading , though . 
  to add my two cents , assimil is a great way to build vocabulary and start off your anki decks in a structured way . 
  shhh , they do n't count . 
  take your historical sources elsewhere . 
  i add sentences that introduce new words or new grammatical ideas into my deck , in addition to using assimil more or less as the instructions indicate . 
  as i progress past assimil , i continue to add to the deck from other sources . 
  lookout mountain native who also lived in texas for twelve years with a similar accent/experience . 
  there tends to be a few levels in between my `` mountain '' accent and my ga accent , depending on how comfortable i am with people i meet and their native accent . 
  i would n't have even noticed beyond people saying `` you sound funny on the phone '' ( with family ) if i had n't studied linguistics . 
  english : i think an international language could help support communication between the proletariat in different countries , but we have bigger obstacles to revolution at the moment . 
  esperanto is a fun hobby , and although i find its goals noble and worthwhile , i ca n't imagine prioritizing its proliferation over actively organizing workers and raising class consciousness in whatever languages are already at our disposal . 
  esperanto is fun , though , and i wish i had more opportunities to use and practice it . 
  i had to google what what it was in english . 
  i 'm the same way with most places that i did n't learn about in middle school geography class . 
  it seems to already have enough support in the thread , but just in case / u/cherrynubcakes is still unsure , wheelock 's is probably the best book you 'll find for learning a classical language .
