  also , a1/2 in french after studying through high school and b2 italian in three years of study seems perfectly reasonable . 
  wikipedia uses kriptografia valuto . 
  i 've actually never heard / \u00e6p\u0259le\u026at\u0283\u0259 / , only / \u00e6p\u0259l\u00e6t\u0283\u0259 / and / \u00e6p\u0259le\u026a\u0283\u0259 / . 
  and yeah , most people i know from the mountains do say / \u00e6p\u0259l\u00e6t\u0283\u0259 / , but i 'm from pretty close to the tennessee border , so maybe it 's different in kentucky ? 
  can someone explain the badling to me here ? 
  as far as i can tell , she 's saying that people do n't trust people who talk differently than they do , which is true , right ? 
  she goes a little far in telling people what to do with that information , i guess , but it seems pretty tame . 
  it 's definitely not politically correct , but i do n't expect political correctness from china . 
  at all . 
  i do n't even think it registers as a concept for most people . 
  on a note unrelated to the language , i 've never really understood why this is such a contentious issue . 
  i do n't care if you 're into the same sex because you have no choice or because you choose to . 
  you should be allowed to do whatever you want anyways . 
  it 's also a bit of a gray area because many people struggle forming their sexual identity , especially if breaks with societal norms , and do n't realize they 're gay until later in life . 
  there 's also evidence that people 's sexualities change as they get older . 
  it 's certainly disrespectful to assert that everyone who is gay * became * gay , but it 's also too simplistic to write it off as unusably offensive . 
  i have n't read the original article in this case , but they probably just did some cultural translation , which i agree is offensive . 
  interesting survey , though it saddened me a little to realize that starcraft is no longer even worth listing on the list of examples of esports . 
  www.cherokeelessons.com is an option . 
  there 's also [ this site ] ( http://www.culturev.com/cherokee/cherokee.html ) , which has more information on the grammar than most places . 
  there are a couple more textbooks ( check uz-translations . net ) , but they all read like word lists with minimal grammar explanation , which kind of sucks . 
  the only satisfactory explanation of the grammar i 've found anywhere is `` a reference grammar of oklahoma cherokee '' by brad montgomery-anderson . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.cherokee.org/news/radioshow.aspx ) is tons of listening practice . 
  you can also find a bilingual bible ( have n't found an audio bible yet . 
  they exist for every other language :( ) and some hymn books if you google around a bit . 
  i know that does n't help much , but the lack of resources is one of the main reasons i have n't learned more . 
  trying to piece together information from multiple sources just makes it about 5 times harder than it needs to be , and the language is n't used enough online for me to practice reading almost anything but the bible and wikipedia pages . 
  best of luck , maybe someone else will chime in who knows more . 
   currently , people of no faith are the fastest growing religious group ( using that term loosely ) . 
  that might be true , even in alabama , but i had a few friends growing up from non-religious families that became christians as teenagers , and i 'd imagine the pressure of being one of few non-religious peers had a lot to do with that . 
  i know i 'd feel pretty weird being the only non-christian on a high school football team , which are generally pretty tight , hierarchical communities . 
  and if a coach allowed the symbolic act of conversion to happen on a football field ? 
  meh , it 's not coercion , but i would have to think pretty hard about telling the coach i was n't interested in that offer . 
   a public school is not an appropriate venue for baptism . 
  this seems like a really obvious thing . 
  why they could n't have done it somewhere else is beyond me . 
  i still hate thinking about the pressure of it , but at least it 's not state-sanctioned . 
  i 'm fine with the students choosing religion for themselves . 
  the issue is that having the support or blessing of an authority figure can be a big factor in someone 's decision . 
  that 's natural , but that support should n't be coming from an authority figure whose authority comes through a government institution . 
  that 's how i understand the situation , anyways . 
  what do you mean by boosting ? 
  running people with low item levels through tougher dungeons/raids for gear ? 
  if he had supported the students by attending their baptism outside of the school in a context that distances him from his role as an authority figure at school , at an event that he did not need to approve or plan in any way , i do n't think this would be as much of an issue . 
  the problem is not that anyone was forced to do anything . 
  if the coach , in his role as a school authority , approves of a religious ceremony on school grounds , it is an endorsement of that ceremony . 
  the knowledge that a coach supports this particular religion and supports his players converting at school may make other people feel pressure to do the same , or feel ostracized for choosing not to participate . 
  students do n't need that pressure from authority figures , that 's the job of other students , 
  this is more racist than all but two or three of those comments . 
  still though , why not learn the vocab word , characters , and pronunciation as one unit ? 
  for example , learn the characters \u7535\u89c6 , which mean television , and are pronounced dian4 shi4 . 
  i really wasted a lot of time studying characters separately when i started . 
  also , i would n't think of tone and pronunciation as two different things . 
  the tone is just as much a part of the pronunciation as what vowel to use . 
  are the people there switching to english with you ? 
  if they are , your goals can be `` accomplish x in german without anyone switching to english . '', 
  i do n't know where you are , but it can range in difficulty from `` order d\u00f6ner '' to `` chat with fans at a soccer game '' to something really specific like ordering a replacement bed slat . 
  i learned german where no one speaks english , or at least does n't let on if they do , but i 'm in hungary now and adding `` without anyone switching to english '' to the same goals i used in germany is working out okay . 
  well , most women 's movements do look to the swedish law as an example to follow , and most western governments listen to women 's movements for advice on women 's issues these days . 
  you might not realize it judging from reddit , but the legal-to-sell illegal-to-buy model of legislation on prostitution is very popular among many feminists . 
  my hunch from personal experience is that it 's split down the middle . 
  liberal feminists and some queer theorists are more likely to be pro-legalization or regulation , whereas other major strains tend to view prostitution as something inherently problematic , at least in our current society . 
  so yes , sweden is quite progressive and has applied the recommendations of a large group of feminist theorists to their policy , for better or worse . 
   from personal experience , non-sex-positive feminists are really hard to find in the real world - but you usually do n't hear about them , either . 
  i hear about them all the time in the news , and meet them at literally any protest related to women 's rights . 
  and , like / r/tallerthanunicorngod implied , they 're widespread in women 's movements and politically powerful . 
   last time i checked , feminism is all about allowing women to choose what to do with their body and life, 
  ok , looking good so far . 
   ... including prostitution . 
  there 's a lot of debate about this , and you should n't be dismissing people with different views as anti-feminist . 
  if you 're interested in seeing the other side of the feminist perspective on this issue , i 'd recommend the book [ the industrial vaginas ] ( http://www.feministes-radicales.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/sheila-jeffreys-industrial-vagina.pdf ) by sheila jeffreys . 
  i understand that not everyone has time to read books about everything , but it 's probably better to try to understand her argument a better before you critique it . 
  she addresses every point you bring up in the book , and i 'd be doing it a disservice by trying to condense it into a reddit comment . 
  if you 're deciding who is and who is not a feminist and excluding one of the most influential feminist theorists on the subject of prostitution , you 're clearly not interested in discussing feminism as most people understand and use the term . 
  i just reread your comment . 
   there is no meaningful `` other side '' here . 
  that was n't a good start . 
   if you tell women they ca n't be prostitutes ,, 
  i should have stopped after this , because it does not represent the views of anti-prostitution feminists at all . 
  if you decide to engage with the other side of the issue , instead of denying it exists and misrepresenting its views , check out the book . 
  i think it 's especially important to read things that you think are obviously wrong , but that 's just one of the many ways we do n't share enough common ground to have a productive conversation . 
   you should n't have joined this discussion at all if you ca n't present your own arguments . 
  there did n't seem to be much even-handed discussion of the anti-prostitution position , so i thought it would be a good idea to point towards a good resource for people who are interested in learning more . 
  this is a really complex issue , and i 'm still in the process of forming my views on it . 
  very true , but the number and influence of sex workers ' organizations are a small piece of women 's movements as a whole , and they tend to have even more trouble gaining mainstream or insider support than other feminist groups . 
  did you mean to type \u90a3\u4e2a ? 
  the filler is normally written \u90a3\u4e2a . 
  understandable confusion , but a quick google or look at a tv show with subs clears it up . 
  if you 're having trouble hearing the tone correctly , listen to the filler \u8fd9\u4e2a and compare it with \u90a3\u4e2a . 
  they should sound the same . 
  it might be worth using , but it 's definitely not worth buying , especially if you 're already using duolingo , which is pretty similar . 
  invest a fraction of that money into a good textbook , skype lessons , or something else . 
  pretty much anything will be a better value for your money . 
  it 's josei , targeted towards late teenage/adult women . 
  i do n't know much about xhosa , but ifani is a xhosa rapper with some pretty good songs . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngbfheeicp0 ) , for example . 
  i 'm so bad people people apologize to me during games for beating me so badly , but everyone has been supportive or at least understanding . 
  if you 're bad enough that you 're wasting their time , it probably wo n't be a very long game anyways . 
  why would you be embarrassed ? 
  because some stranger who plays go on the internet realizes you 're not very experienced ?
