  the sentence feels kind of odd and stilted without `` me '' in english , but sounds natural in german . 
  it could go either way , and does n't seem like it would affect the meaning or lose nuance either way . 
  / r/stormfrontorsjw , for the lazy who want a link . 
  [ marco reus did the same thing , but he did n't make it nearly as long . 
  i 'm against international free trade in general , and i do think nafta is not a benefit to the american worker . 
  it 's nothing personal about canada or thinking they 're trying to be unfair , but i do think nafta needs to be abolished/heavily renegotiated . 
  friendliness . 
  stores that are always open . 
  optimism . 
  independence . 
  variety of food . 
  ice in drinks . 
  appreciation of guns . 
  i can see that subreddit going one of two ways : very slow , or very shitty . 
  / r/alabama is not a bad place , all things considered ; i see no reason to change it up . 
  edit : i just went to / r/bama . 
  how do we wallow in our negative reputation ? 
  there are a few posters here with self-hating southerner syndrome , but that 's not the impression i get from most posts and comments . 
  i have cards that are n't due for another 12 years . 
  i do n't make a habit of deleting cards . 
  if you have too much to review , increase your interval and cut down on new cards . 
  at the level you 're at , should n't you be looking for opportunities to be exposed to language that does n't `` say things in a way that is spoken in everyday life in germany '' ? 
  reading lord of the rings is n't for everyone , but as someone who quotes it far too much in english , i 'm very glad i took the time to read it in german . 
  it 's also probably the one series that helped me most to be able to affect a stuffy register . 
  it 's not something that comes in handy every day , but at c1 you 're probably running short on things you do n't know that do come up every day . 
  the things you need to read or watch or talk about may be entirely different , i guess i 'm just trying to say that at this point , you should n't be worried if it 's different than daily language . 
  that 's just where you have to go to get better at german . 
  the things you 're learning now will get used a lot less than the things you learned at b1 . 
  the jakubmarian link is probably the most straightforward . 
  slightly irritated . 
  i 'd think it 's a little weird , but there 's no logical reason for it except that i was raised in a place where that 's not normal . 
  right now every post i see on the front page of this subreddit is a novice-level question . 
  if anything this sub is even more beginner focused than most language subs , for whatever reason . 
  as an american , they sound funny and i 'm only 80 % sure i know what they mean . 
  `` i 'm good at anthropology '' , right ? 
  to americans , [ \u0259\u028a ] does n't really sound like any phoneme we have , but it sounds more like / u\u02d0 / than / a\u028a / . 
  as someone who learned guitar and then banjo without lessons , after you have the basics i 'd recommend just starting to learn songs . 
  start easy . 
  the more advanced techniques you can pick up as necessary . 
  make sure you 're actually learning to play the songs well . 
  do n't just half-ass play through them and move on . 
  playing cleanly is something that takes a lot of effort at first . 
  i play clawhammer , so i do n't have more specific advice for you , unfortunately . 
  the original star wars trilogy , as anyone . 
  i could make a good effort on spinal tap , but i 'd probably fail if i could n't build up enough cue cards . 
  that 's about it as far as 80s stuff goes . 
  for more modern movies , harry potter and lotr . 
  for a literalish translation with a similar meaning , `` i 'm on it '' may help you remember . 
  as in i 'm working on it , i 'll take care of it . 
  ich bin dran can also mean `` it 's my turn '' . 
  what else would you say ? 
  i would love to try so many movies . 
  i 'd also love it if you could just see movies you do n't know well from a first-person view without the game aspect , like simstims from the sprawl trilogy . 
  i moved to germany with horrendous german . 
  probably not a2 even on a good day . 
  years later i now speak pretty well , despite doing almost no bookstudy . 
  just be curious , interested , look up stuff you do n't know , never stop putting yourself in situations where people will be speaking german , and most importantly listen attentively , even if you only catch one word out of five . 
  you can only sit through so many all-german social events before you start getting better . 
  sitting there and letting some kind person try to speak a few sentences of english with you every once in a while gets real old , real fast . 
  the cool thing about germans is that they 're actually very hospitable after you manage to get them to start talking to you , and it 's not weird to accept invitations . 
  get yourself invited to things like may day parties -- you do n't need great german to pull around a wagon full of beer and eat bratwurst . 
  group events are the best , because there 's a lot less pressure on you to contribute to the conversation . 
  you can just kind of listen and chime in when you feel like it . 
  edit :, 
   the temptation to only watch english media is strong . 
  honestly i would n't worry too much about the media thing . 
  you 'll learn way quicker from social interactions than you will from watching stuff . 
  plus , coming home to nice , comforting , english netflix after five hours of listening to stuff you do n't understand is a luxury i always gave myself and i do n't think it was too bad for my german learning efforts . 
  the [ iversen method ] ( http://how-to-learn-any-language.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?tid=16959&amp;pn=5761#182949 ) and [ goldlist method ] ( https://huliganov.tv/goldlist-eu/ ) are both wordlist vocab learning strategies that use pen and paper , as well . 
  french, 
  modern greek, 
  polish, 
  hebrew, 
  hungarian, 
  japanese, 
  german, 
  chinese, 
  yiddish, 
  belarussian ( i think , not sure about this one ), 
  korean, 
  georgian, 
  armenian, 
  welsh ( i think ), 
  you 're right , it 's azeri . 
  oops . 
  it 's modern . 
  that form of the first word does n't exist in ancient greek . 
  yes , except where otherwise noted . 
  i should have double checked number six . 
  they just fed them into google translate . 
  that 's why they had the bulgarian confusion , because google translate says 16 is bulgarian , despite being the wrong script and not having the right meaning . 
  facebook messenger and text messages . 
  i live in germany and more or less have to use whatsapp to communicate with people . 
  it 's such a pain in the ass to get working and make it find the contacts on your phone that may or may not be written in international format . 
  and then , if i get a new phone , i do n't have login info for whatsapp , i have a number , which i no longer have access too . 
  and at the end of the day , you 're sending your data to facebook just the same . 
  might as well just use facebook . 
  my partner has a thick ruhrpott accent , so it could be regional . 
  either way , that accent is not exactly an uncommon one and there are a couple of others in this thread saying they use it too . 
  why are you saying the first syllable should be pronounced like the name `` al '' ?
