  so if you directly translate the way you use ` have ' it makes no sense in another language . 
  after a lifetime in lexicography , patrick hanks reached the alarming conclusion that words do n't have meaning . 
   grammar : like i said above , memorizing rules , especially grammar rules does no good for anybody trying to become fluent . 
  grammar is really only useful for those who have already acquired a language and are looking to improve their communication skills and sound more educated or professional . 
  the only thing we need to be aware of when starting a language is the nature of the language : isolating , fusion , agglutinative , or polysynthetic . 
  knowing that declensions and conjugations exist is important . 
  we ca n't be ignorant to what exists grammatically in a language , but we can at the beginning be ignorant to what all those grammatical details are and just be aware of them as you encounter them . 
  i have a coffee , and i 'm about to have to go to yet more relatives ' to finish my recovery . 
  my head feels drizzly and gray , like the weather . 
  what is boxing day ? 
  i 've never heard of it before . 
  you too !, 
  what do you mean by traditional chinese ? 
  if you mean mandarin , i 'd say it 's harder than msa . 
  the thing that makes arabic especially challenging , more so than hebrew or hungarian or amharic or any number of tier 2 difficult languages , is the diglossia situation . 
  if you learned msa in a vacuum , and were never in any situation where a dialect would be more appropriate , msa would be easier than mandarin , but that 's a hypothetical situation . 
   you are n't going to encounter '' \u7686\u3055\u3093 ___ \u3092\u52c9\u5f37\u3057\u3088\u3046 '' in the wild . 
  no , but you will need to recall \u65e5\u672c\u8a9e in the context of some other sentence . 
  seeing the word associated with other words you 'll commonly find near it helps a lot . 
  yes , adding context makes the flashcard easier , but that 's not the point . 
  it makes recalling the word easier too . 
  [ my dog also enjoyed christmas . 
  he also went into the neighbor dog 's house and stole her bone she got for christmas . 
  bad dog . 
  christmas eve i had some schnaps from an unmarked bottle my neighbor brings back from hunting trips . 
  i 'm off drinking for a bit . 
  i drank yesterday , too . 
  bad choice . 
  i did n't even get to eat that much because i was sitting next to a really old man eating fondue and he kept grabbing my sticks from the fondue pot thinking they were his . 
  the meal today was with the schalke side of my family . 
  there are a few differences with rosetta stone . 
  the biggest is probably quantity . 
  i do n't know exactly how many distinct sentences a rosetta stone course has , but it 's nowhere near 3000 unless the course has changed a lot since i looked at it last . 
  in order to intuit a language 's grammar , the more exposure and examples you have the better . 
  glossika also uses translations , which is much better suited than pictures to learning anything more complicated than the boy throws the ball . 
  the pictures thing is a nice idea , but in practice you spend more time trying to figure out what the picture is trying to convey than it helps . 
  glossika includes a pronunciation guide . 
  if you ca n't identify the phonemes and how they differ from your native language yourself , you 're sol . 
  glossika transcribes everything and gives you a primer at the beginning . 
  glossika 's format is also much easier to use however you want . 
  audio files and pdfs , so you can cut them up and convert them and use them however you like . 
  rosetta stone pretty much requires you to follow their program , which many people find overly repetitive and boring . 
  you 're right in the sense that glossika and rosetta stone both rely on you learning the vocab and grammar from context . 
  neither one gives any kind of explicit instruction , but that 's not the thing that makes rosetta stone a mediocre course . 
  rosetta stone is a very large sum of money to provide you with a very small amount of content , very little practice , and completing three levels ( which takes a while ) might take you to an upper beginner level . 
  its similarities with glossika are n't its weak point . 
   i do n't understand how it teaches you anything more than how to parrot sentences back . 
  it does n't , that 's the thing . 
  you have to learn it . 
  your brain will do a lot of it automatically with enough exposure and practice , but it 's good to compare translations and ask yourself questions about it as well . 
  even though you may not understand the why behind everything at first , by the time you finish you 'll probably have only a handful of questions left . 
  when i finished my chinese deck , i had about ten or fifteen sentences marked that i did n't understand how they were structured . 
  i 'm not saying you should or should n't use glossika . 
  it sounds to me like you 'd prefer something that gives a bit more explicit explanations , which is a perfectly reasonable preference to have . 
  you might be interested in heading over to / r/totalanguage and tracking your progress with the people there . 
  i think you mean american liberals . 
  liberal means something else in most western countries . 
  that would be most of the west . 
  if west = usa , you might have been in china too long . 
   i was amazed how cruel one could be while still being polite . 
  our politeness has nothing to do with being kind . 
  people conflate the two for some reason . 
  some of the meanest people i know are the most polite . 
  does n't mean it 's fake , just means politeness is it 's own thing . 
  sometimes outsiders do n't realize when we 're being polite jackasses , which can be sad or humorous , depending . 
  i see what you 're saying about the polite bit . 
  it 's real polite , but it 's not real nice . 
  i 'm not convinced about the southern hospitality thing , though . 
  if i had to pick a group of americans to try and score a meal off of , southerners would be pretty high on the list . 
  there are few groups southerners hate more than perceived traitors . 
  a visitor with a newscaster accent is as often as not a welcome guest . 
  a local with a newscaster accent thinks they 're better than everyone else . 
  atlanta is being consumed by generic american culture . 
  not necessarily a bad thing , and it 's still southern in many ways , but it 's a very different vibe from places like birmingham or chattanooga . 
  training and equipment is certainly more effective than only adding men , and there are probably some biases that played a factor in this decision being made . 
  but if korean air , which i 'm not that familiar with , is like most airlines in asia , there is a huge gender preference for female flight attendants for sexist reasons . 
  the idea of requiring including men may be based on sexist outlooks , but i 'll be happy to see fewer flight crews that look like they were selected for how similar they look to dolls . 
  i do n't think most people in the usa do feel ownership over the west . 
  i do n't think most europeans think of the us alone as the west , either . 
  the only place i do consistently see west = usa is china . 
  the ny times , an american newspaper , recently referred to merkel as the leader of the free world . 
   most europeans have the stereotype that americans have no culture, 
  i live in europe and have n't experienced this outside of friendly banter . 
  sounds more like part of the american inferiority complex to me . 
   neither are related to korean much at all , except for loanwords . 
  korean is considered a language isolate , so it 's not related to either chinese or japanese . 
  this is only true in a genetic , we-can-linguistically-prove-this kind of sense . 
  japanese and korean share remarkable similarities : typological similarities , similar sentence structure , formality/honorifics , use of particles , and the shared sinoxenic vocabulary you mentioned . 
  chinese and korean are significantly more different . 
  aside from the vocab and shared history , there 's not much there to help . 
  sometimes the unreal nature of the conditional comes from context , sometimes it 's represented by \u6703 . tatoeba sentences are n't always the most natural , but at your level they 'll give you a good enough idea of how this idea can be expressed in chinese . 
  see [ here ] ( http://tatoeba.org/eng/sentences/search?query=i+would+if&amp;from=eng&amp;to=cmn ) . 
  \u5982\u679c goes at the beginning of the protasis , \u7684\u8a71 goes at the end of the protasis . 
  sometimes they are both used in the same clause . 
  chinese is not a language where thinking in terms of english will get you very far , especially in terms of grammar . 
  things are different from the ground up . 
  most of the way you ask your question makes it seem like you 're coming at this from the wrong angle , probably because this is above your level . 
  keep learning and practicing . 
  it 'll fall into place . 
  northern germany is a shining example of that protestant work ethic being a part of the culture , but they do n't have the wealth disparity the us does .
