   human beings will never simply agree to all just believe in some kind of generic , store-brand religion . 
  that 's a rather strong claim . 
  i do n't agree with it , but to refute it i 'd be talking out my ass just as much as you are . 
  speculating about religion in the distant future does n't seem very productive , nor is it a good argument against the reverend 's ideas . 
  commenting on men 's appearance does n't have nearly the baggage that commenting on women 's looks does . 
  reducing women to their appearance is a time-honored tool of oppression to reinforce women 's position in the patriarchal hierarchy . 
  it can still be a dick move to put too much emphasis on men 's looks , but there is no system that uses appearance to disadvantage men . 
  it does n't support any kind of systematic oppression . 
  i am not an egalitarian . 
  i am a feminist . 
  the best way to achieve equality is fight for groups that do n't have it . 
  i do n't need to fight for everyone 's equality . 
  fighting against the patriarchy and oppressive gender roles is the best thing for everyone . 
  oppression is a burden on the both the oppressed and the oppressors which can only be lifted by the oppressed . 
  read your freire . 
  also , see comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fullcommunism/comments/4ime79/im_in_love_comrades/d2zxuqc ) . 
  who 's playing oppression olympics ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  men are n't oppressed as men . 
  they may be oppressed as workers , minorities , etc , but men as a group are n't oppressed . 
  no olympics if only one group is competing . 
  by the way , i do n't have a strong opinion either way on op . 
  seeing as how this is a communist subreddit that is generally kept pretty clean of bro-ish behavior , i 'm inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  i never said anything about the op . 
  i want to live in a world where everyone is equal , but when people say they are egalitarian , that usually implies they think they need to fight for everyone 's equality . 
  i disagree . 
  men as a group are equal enough already . 
  fight for workers , fight for women , fight for the oppressed wherever and whoever they are . 
  that 's our path to equality . 
  good point , comrade . 
  if only there were a good way to put this into practice . 
  seems like you get to pick between objectification and exclusion . 
  as a matter of sub policy , at least . 
  i use an esperanto version of my name so that it fits the grammar . 
  and i use a completely different name when speaking chinese . 
  as do many people , or at least most of the chinese-americans i grew up around had two names , an english and a chinese name . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised you say you do n't do that in chinese ; where i lived in china , i pretty much never ran across anyone who could say my english name , and as soon as i told them my chinese name , they used that exclusively . 
  germans try to keep original pronunciation more than anywhere else i 've lived , by far . 
  but even with their best attempts , you still hear news about the hobble telescope , new songs from beyongseh , and eat snecks . 
  ( btw the people on 1live are the absolute worst about using unnecessary anglicisms and using them incorrectly . 
  also they try to explain song lyrics that they obviously do n't completely understand . 
  drives me crazy . 
  but that 's irrelevant to this discussion and i only bring it up because i spent like four hours in a car today . ), 
  and really , you think they try to pronounce it like americans ? 
  they say twiddr ? 
  more like twitta . 
  northern europe in general is really big on anglicisms , but that 's the exception rather than the rule . 
  look , if you want to be called by your name in your native language that 's fine , but some people would rather not deal with it . 
  my name 's a bitch even in the us , and sounds very different at home from an appalachian speaker than it does from someone from ohio . 
  literally half of the sounds are different and there are fewer syllables . 
  if i 'd rather not ask people from other countries to suffer through trying to pronounce it , you should n't have a problem with that . 
   you can pronounce it the same in any language, 
  with my name you really ca n't . 
  most people ca n't say it . 
  the name nguyen seems to be an example of that . 
  most americans do n't pronounce it like vietnamese do . 
   in any language , names are spelled and pronounced the way they are pronounced in their native language . 
  people 's names are n't translated . 
  seriously ? 
  you 've never seen people translate diego to james or cristobal to christopher ? 
  tomek to tom ? 
  people do this kind of thing all the time . 
  like i said , it 's cool if you do n't want to , but do n't act like everyone does it like you do . 
  edit : that came off sounding like i was hating on the german pronunciation anglicisms , but the point i wanted to make was just that languages will at the very least assimilate loanwords to their phonology . 
  same goes for names , so they 're almost never pronounced like the orignal name . 
   in any language , names are spelled and pronounced the way they are pronounced in their native language . 
   people 's names are n't translated . 
  that bit 's just false ( go to chinese wikipedia for any western celebrity ) , and, 
   it 's a name , you can pronounce it the same in any language . 
  this bit 's misleading . 
  sure , you can say it like you would at home , but speakers of other languages might have no idea what you 're saying if their language does n't share a lot of phonemes with yours . 
  and saying things like it bothers you that the duolingo course makes you translate adam makes it sound like you have a problem with translating names . 
  if that 's reading too much into it , then i guess i did and there 's no disagreement . 
  that much at a1 ? 
  if you were a higher level , i 'd say after having that feeling a hundred times or so it gets a lot better . 
  hopefully it wo n't be much worse for you , but the better you get and the more you get worn out , the less you 'll get exhausted and the more you 'll get used to it . 
  it 's not a terrible idea to have an english ( or whatever ) weekend every once in a while if you 're starting to feel burned out . 
  being motivated is key , so make sure you know yourself and push as hard as you can , but not more . 
  i can mostly understand them , but not entirely . 
  we share a few words and grammatical features that other englishes do n't , though , which makes it a little easier . 
  what 's funny is that i know a couple of people with thick scottish accents ( not scots proper ) , and when i talk to them , i naturally start to speak more in dialect myself . 
  not sure why . 
  the only other accent this happens with is aave ( and appalchian and southern , of course ) . 
  and scottish people understand appalachian as well as any other outsider . 
  source : i get drunk around scottish people every now and again . 
  but no , i do n't think this is the right sub . 
  and i doubt you get more than anecdotal answers anywhere . 
  please remember to credit professorshitdick on the shirt , op . 
  edit : gramatiko, 
  i picked up a bit of miskito living in honduras , but it has about 200,000 speakers if i remember correctly , so bigger than what you 're asking about . 
  everything i learned was from acquaintances who spoke miskito . 
  it 's a super fun language i knew very little about before going there . 
  but i never got good enough that it stuck , and i 've forgotten most everything but the basics now . 
  the middle of the word changes for possession iirc , which is something i have n't run across in any other language i 've studied . 
  i still have a couple of children 's books in miskito some friends gave me , though . 
  i also picked up some yucatec maya living in mexico . 
  some of the women in the village i was in could n't or would n't speak spanish , and everyone was amused by a gringo speaking the local language . 
  same story with miskito though , i never actually got good at it . 
  plus the language has almost a million speakers , so too big to be what you 're asking about . 
  i 've been learning cherokee recently for fun .
