  [ centrism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centrism ) is its own ideology . 
  it does n't mean working together , taking ideas from both sides , not extreme , or anything like that . 
  they support moderate amounts of economic freedom and tend to be socially liberal . 
  obama , macron , merkel , and blair are all pretty textbook examples of centrists . 
  centrism is explicitly liberal , in the classical sense of the word . 
  centrists are extremely well-represented in the us already , namely among the new democrats and blue dog democrats , but there are some centrists on the other side of the aisle as well . 
   where is the `` diversity of thought '' that i am not seeing ? 
  it 's not anywhere near the media or political establishments , which is most of what you 've talked about in this chain . 
  germans are know-it-alls . 
  besserwisser , better-knowers , as they say . 
  it 's not about americans at all . 
  they 're that way to everyone , including other germans . 
  it does n't help that they do n't hedge their language 10 % as often as americans do . 
  at the end of the day , though , a lot of it is just differences in how we communicate . 
  germans feel obliged to say what they think is right and do n't feel inclined to point out that they do n't actually have a clue . 
  the other person does the same thing , and the result is a useful conversation where everyone 's opinion/perception of the facts is out on the table . 
  americans are more likely to tease out the important information with questions . 
  but even controlling for all of that , i 'd say yes , germans are smug bastards who are way more sure about everything they think they know ( and they think they know everything ) than the average american . 
  edit : just to be clear , germans in general are n't nearly as smug in general as the european parts of reddit . 
  still pretty smug , though . 
  more edits : class also plays a big role . 
  working class germans still communicate in the way i described , but professionals are where the smugness is concentrated . 
  the constant smugness is actually kind of nice because you can do the same thing . 
  it 's pleasant sometimes . 
  when i 'm in the states for an extended period i start to miss it , but then i start missing the way people in the states communicate when i get back . 
  they both have their advantages . 
  i think ; in my opinion ; maybe you could think of it like ; i 'm not sure , but ; i see where you 're coming from , but ; etc. 
  i have to concentrate on not saying things like that when i speak german . 
  it 's basically asking to be ignored . 
  irving is a suburb of dallas . 
  it 's perfectly safe if you just go about your business . 
  there are tons of foreigners , business-people , etc. 
  there going about their business as well . 
  do n't be weirded out by everyone having a gun . 
  you 'll hardly ever see them . 
  the people you meet in texas wo n't be the kinds of people who are russophobes . 
  the anti-russia sentiment is very connected to politics , and only concerns a very small part of the population who uses it as a proxy for hating on trump . 
  most people do n't care . 
  the number of people who * like * russia is at a high point as well . 
  renting a car is definitely the best choice . 
  i 'm not sure about your documents , but i know that some foreign licenses work . 
  the best thing to do would be to ask the car rental companies before you get here . 
  i do n't know where in russia your from , but the answer about the weather is probably hot . 
  there 's a brief non-summer period around christmas . 
  the rest of the time , it is hot compared to any of the population centers of russia . 
  around the time you 're going , there should be an average high of around 20 \u00b0 c. 
  the southern part of the city is the less nice part ( it 's been a long time since i lived nearby , so someone correct me if that 's not right ) , but i ca n't think of anywhere that i 'd consider dangerous enough to take extra precautions for . 
  i 've only seen it for german before , but that table always cracks me up . 
  i sometimes joke that if you say `` that 's a good idea , but '' , the american hears the `` but '' and the german hears `` good idea '' . 
   i will say something like `` uhhhh i do n't know about that , '' meaning `` i think that is wrong . '', 
  they say `` ah , i must be right because he can not deny the statement due to lack of knowledge . '', 
  too true . 
  as someone who is more or less the opposite of centrists , i feel like the centrist faction of the democratic party solidified their control over the party last election , not the other way around . 
  radicals constantly get shit on by the centrists , too . 
  that 's not a one-way street . 
  i agree that the republicans have largely turned their backs on centrism in favor of more populist rhetoric , but i want to wait and see what the trump legacy is policy-wise . 
  i do empathize with getting called very contradictory things , though . 
  sometimes i feel like an inkblot for whoever i 'm talking to 's politics . 
  why do mexicans blanket everyone from asia as chinos ? 
  i do n't know , it 's just what people do when they do n't really care about the specifics . 
  they do when they 're in trouble . 
   are you sure you read the manual right ? 
  still way too indirect . 
  the german will just say yes . 
  this is literally a memorial in a place on private land called `` confederate veterans memorial park '' . 
  i know how the scv is , but i really ca n't be outraged by this . 
  everyone ? 
  and the people who do judge people based on how they talk are n't really high on my list of people i 'm trying to impress . 
  still do n't think it 's everyone . 
  if i see someone judging somebody for talking black , my opinion of them drops just as much as if they judge someone for a southern accent . 
  funnily enough , i know plenty of people who i 've never seen do either one . 
  there 's always subconscious stuff , but it 's your job to be aware of that and not let it get in the way . 
  it 's not my job to change the way i talk for your prejudices . 
  i feel like we got very different things from that movie . 
  the way he responds is also a pun on \u03bc\u1fc6\u03c4\u03b9\u03c2 , another word often used to describe odysseus ' cunning . 
  not directly related to op 's question , but i felt like it 'd be a shame not to mention it when talking about this passage . 
  yes , i feel safer having a gun . 
  yes , the states are more dangerous than many other developed countries , but i do n't think it 's a gun problem . 
  economics and culture play a much larger role , and there are a lot more people in the us who feel like they ca n't depend on law enforcement to solve their problems and protect them for various reasons . 
  nothing . 
  i do n't think they 're a threat , and i do n't think it 's the president 's job to deal with a small group of assholes with shitty opinions . 
  the law can deal with any crimes they commit just like it can deal with anyone else 's crimes . 
  make space colonization a priority . 
  our position is way too unstable as long as we depend on one planet for survival , especially a planet inhabited by violent primates with nuclear weapons that keep messing with the climate . 
  sounds like a lighter version of what they have in germany . 
  i definitely support programs like this , but only if it 's the student 's choice . 
  i do n't want the students ' future being decided by the government . 
  the fact is that not everyone is cut out for academia , and that 's okay . 
  we need to make sure we have educational programs and , even more importantly , jobs that give blue collar workers the ability to earn enough to comfortably provide for a family . 
  as other commenters mentioned , programs like this exist in the us , they 're just not universal . 
  yes , i just wanted to make it clear that this would be a deciding factor for me . 
  the lizards are keeping us from going to the moon . 
  open your minds , people !, 
  despair . 
  repulsion . 
  but on the other hand , he 's not hillary , so he 's got that going for him at least . 
  i feel about like i would if someone were to ask me to eat a slug . 
  so slimy . 
  i 've been toronto a few times and it does n't feel remotely non-american to me . 
  different money , different flags , but it would n't seem unusual on the other side of the border otherwise .
