  he always has some new entrepreneurial scheme or another , like buying candy in town and selling it at camp cheaper than the official camp kiosk . 
  yes they want free shit , but the vast majority are more interested in working and providing for themselves . 
  i would n't be able to keep up speed if i flicked my finger . 
  if you include time on htlal and unilang , i 've been around this `` community '' for a little over 10 years . 
  honestly , none of the stuff you mentioned bothers me . 
  duolingo helps some people , power to them . 
  pretty much anyone claiming that any one source is the be-all end-all of language learning are wrong , but i can excuse people who get excited about something that worked for them . 
  same thing with most all your resource issues . 
   too many egoistic `` polyglots '' who think of themselves as multilingual geniuses for having learned 2-3 freaking romance languages and some others on a b1 level tops and they are bragging about their `` knowledge '' on youtube . 
  - some of them want to get rich with their `` talents '' . 
  you mean there are deluded , self-important people on the internet who want to make money ? 
  you do n't say ... 
  if benny ( who 's by no means the most extreme example ) were n't trying to make money with languages , he 'd be selling something else to some other group of people . 
  i get it , though . 
  there are tons of shitty resources , bandwagons , fads , and hacks peddling their wares . 
  that would be extremely annoying if it affected me at all . 
  sometimes it bothers me when a thread attracts people who have no idea what they 're talking about , because it 's unfortunate when people do n't get the answers they 're looking for , but there are enough knowledgeable people here that there 's usually at least one person who can provide a solid answer . 
  all in all the community could be a lot worse . 
  he runs a blog called fluent in 3 months and sells books and has co-authored some teach yourself stuff now . 
  his whole schtick is speak speak speak . 
  he did a few challenges where he tried to learn a language in three months , and i do n't think they went as well as he planned . 
  his mandarin after three months was very uninspiring . 
  i mean , it was good for three months of study , but even people who have zero mandarin can probably recognize it 's nowhere near anyone 's definition of fluent besides benny 's . 
  i do n't remember the chronology , but at some point he starts redefining what fluency is when people call him out on it . 
  but the great thing about benny is that there 's always something new to stir up the hornet 's nest , which i think is a part of his marketing strategy . 
  recently he was promoting magnetic bracelets to help you learn or something like that . 
  tl ; dr he 's a good seller who has no qualms about dishonest-ish marketing and speaks enough languages well enough to stay somewhat respectable . 
  you mean like [ captain underpants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captain_underpants ) ? 
  no idea , i have n't been there since well before i started using reddit , which reddit tells me was five years ago . 
  it suffered from the [ same problems ] ( http://www.thefedoralounge.com/threads/the-life-cycle-of-an-internet-forum.13711/ ) a lot of forums did ( do ? ) . 
  i particularly liked the unilang community at its height , though , because i got the impression most people were there because they really liked languages . 
  htlal was always a little too focused on the most efficient study methods for me , and the board in general tended a bit towards elitism . 
  there were some extremely intelligent , experienced people posting there , though . 
  they both take about the same amount of time to learn . 
  you might personally find one harder than the other , but the difference is n't big . 
  no idea . 
  use a textbook . 
  mandarin has a lot more syllables than japanese . 
  mandarin has 1522 different syllables , while japanese has 130 or so , roughly double if you do n't count the n as a separate syllable . 
  this is because mandarin uses a lot more different sounds , including tones , and has a less restrictive syllable structure . 
  practice every day . 
  set realistic goals . 
  same thing for anything you want to get good at , really . 
  it depends on your goals as a language learner . 
  if you 're learning english to use with other non-natives , for business or travel for example , there 's no strong reason to worry about sounding native . 
  if you 're moving to a country semi-permanently , sounding like a foreigner will affect your life a lot more . 
   ich sage , dass gender studies et al. 
  peer review funktioniert da kaum . 
  i think this is the first time i 've heard netflix referred to as `` real life '' . 
  first you say you found a name that is mildly interesting at best to most people , but you misspell it . 
  then , you say you spelled it wrong , but then continue insisting it 's greek with `` that singular greek letter '' , \u00c6 . 
  except that that 's not a greek letter , and the name is obviously from north germanic roots . 
  and then post it here , because apparently being able to recognize languages makes people * very smart * . 
  there 's a euphoric lack of self-awareness here . 
  i studied greek , and my thesis dealt with epic poetry in indoeuropean languages . 
  i might not be an expert , but i can generally tell what language i 'm looking at . 
  a source for the nordic origin of this was posted on badlinguistics . 
  your source just pointed out how greek was transcribed in latin . 
  that does n't mean the letter is greek , and says nothing either way about the origin of the word . 
  but i 'm most interested in your use of the word chill , which you seem to think means `` think i 'm awesome '' . 
  it was an uninteresting , incorrect post that you doubled down on when called out , then posted everywhere and complained when people found the origin of the word more interesting than whatever your point was . 
  yeah , it 's a part of my life spent behind a computer screen and a username . 
  i definitely would consider it more virtual life . 
  i never claimed ae is only germanic . 
  nordic languages are a branch of the germanic languages . 
  they 're also called north germanic languages . . ~ ~ my hunch was north germanic because of the ttr ending , the r of which looks like a typical nominative ending in old norse . 
  i do n't know much about old english at all , which is quite similar , so i decided to play it safe and say germanic , which includes both . ~ ~, 
  edit : i just reread my post and realized i did say north germanic from the beginning . 
  i guess you just did n't know it 's the same thing as nordic . 
  i looked through your post history to see if you were a troll before responding , and i find it horrifying that you seem to be like this all the time . 
  good luck with that , i guess . 
   i think if you do n't speak the dialect perfectly ( and you wo n't for a long time ) people will notice that you are faking it and that is awkward . 
  this has n't been my experience at all in german . 
  i hear people who speak regionally accented german with a foreign accent every day , and it 's not an issue at all . 
  it 's not the topic in question , but it 's the same thing in alabama . 
  most of the immigrants learned english there and speak the local dialect with a foreign accent . 
  nobody notices or cares any more than any other foreign accent . 
  but even theoretically , why do you consider a regional accent faking it but not the standard dialect ? 
  if i 'm not speaking my native dialect of my native language , i 'm faking it one way or another . 
  interesting . 
  which series ? 
  there are some fantastic spanish dubs , but i 've never heard german dubs that i found tolerable , much less better than the original . 
  every language has grammar . 
  it 's an integral part of language . 
  if you 're used to spicy food , it can be very difficult to understand how low some people 's tolerance can be . 
  i live in germany now , and no matter how bland i try to make the food when i cook , people complain that it 's too spicy . 
  it 's near impossible for me to cook food that my german friends can eat and i do n't find nasty and bland . 
  i do n't know if you 're from a place that considers too much salt spicy ( if you 're from a potato country , you 'll get used to it after a while ) or if you have health issues ( i have crohn 's , so i sympathize if you do ) , but this sounds like something that no amount of explaining or threatening can really fix . 
  the people at the restaurants probably legitimately think they 're giving you non-spicy food . 
  my german pet peeves :, 
  it 's snack , not sneck . 
  it 's an / \u00e6 / sound in english , you should say it that way too . 
  same thing with wrap ( rep ) and hacker ( hecka ), 
  chance : this word is one syllable with a nasal vowel in the middle , not schongse . 
  it 's the hubble telescope , not the hobble . 
  the vowels are fundamentally different . 
  i have no idea * what * the hell germans are doing when they try to say beyonc\u00e9 's name . 
  it 's bee-yon-say ( bi-jan-see for the krauts ) . 
  i do n't mean any of that , by the way . 
  german is a different language with different sounds , so they pronounce words differently .
