  no , i do n't think americans are particularly bad at geography . 
  the average american is about as bad at european geography as europeans are at north american geography . 
  buzzfeed is not very representative of our population as a whole . 
  's has become a clitic in modern english . 
  it 's related to the former genitive case , but it 's not a proper case any more . 
  clitics are syntactically independent . 
  if 's were just a case ending , it would n't be able to attach to phrases : the man i saw 's coat , the leader of the cult 's book , etc. 
  to provide an alternative to the traditional groups , learning words in the contexts of conversations is generally accepted as the best way to do it these days . 
  for example , learning three words in the form of `` apes have black fingers '' ( shitty example of a conversation , but pretend you 're a kid at the zoo ) is generally better than learning apes , giraffes , and tigers in the animal list . 
  rejecting someone 's answer and insisting that they interpret a nonsensical sentence is pretty rude . 
  if someone asks me a question and then rejects my answer offhand , that 's offensive . 
  similar thing happening here . 
  my intuition says yes , and i found [ this site ] ( https://www.thoughtco.com/what-is-clitic-words-1689757 ) with similar examples on the first page of google results . 
   they are world class brainwashers, 
  where do you think the word brainwashing comes from ? 
  i think you 're confusing me with the person who said `` fuck you '' to op . 
  i did n't answer anything , because i did n't understand the original sentence in context . 
  other commenters had already corrected the sentence , so i did n't bother . 
   many people on this sub are not native speakers and in the process of learning english . 
  expecting every poster 's english to be perfect or even decent is ridiculous and , dare i say it , rude . 
  i do n't expect it to be perfect , but in order to give a good answer , we have to correct the sentence a bit . 
  op is too combative ( calling people fags , telling them to fuck off ) for me to bother asking questions trying to get to the root of the problem . 
  it looks like you figured out the problem , which is nice , but if an english learner calling people fags and saying fuck off asked me a grammar question in real life , i 'd get pretty peeved too . 
  that would only be a bonus if you 're fighting heterosexism as a whole . 
  that 's the problem a lot of the time , but discrimination against non-heteros is not a monolithic thing , and gay and lesbian people face different kinds of discrimination than bi people and other non-heterosexual people . 
  agreed , but homosexual erasure is a big issue among some people as well , especially among lesbians . 
  i do n't know the context of the original post , but i 'd have a problem with using homophobia to refer to discrimination against people who are n't homosexual the same as i 'd have a problem with overusing language that is n't specific to homosexuals to talk about ( or gloss over ) the specific issues they face . 
  still cheaper than cigarettes , probably . 
  i do n't get what i said to cause the confusion about lesbians being homosexual . 
  i just hear about homosexual erasure more from lesbians than gay men , so i said it 's an issue especially among lesbians . 
  it 's a tricky topic . 
  when it comes to identifying discrimination , it 's especially important to think about the words you 're using and make sure they 're not erasing or conflating the struggles of various groups . 
  heterosexism , biphobia , and homophobia are all useful ideas and words that are n't the same . 
  blindly replacing homophobic with heterosexist just leads to more erasure , though of a different group . 
  sometimes it 's the most appropriate word , sometimes it 's not . 
  the tumblr crowd shies away from a lot of the traditional terminology relating to gay and lesbian people . 
  that 's the context of my argument here , not necessarily with you or the person above you . 
  at your level , you 'd benefit from using a parallel text . 
  that way , you can understand the spanish beyond your level without having to spend inordinate amounts of time in a dictionary . 
  reading your book in readlang is another good option , but clicking on words can get a little tedious as well if you lack a lot of vocabulary ; plus , the google translation is n't as good as a real translation . 
  listening to the audio while reading a bilingual text would be even more effective . 
  with a language like spanish where the structure of the sentence is relatively transparent to an english speaker , you can never really start reading too early with bilingual texts . 
  if there are n't any of the book you want to read , you can just paste the spanish and english books into a word document with a two-columned table . 
  what 's the advantage of a graded reader over a parallel text ? 
  i 've never seen one for low levels i find interesting . 
  i just checked two dictionaries and both recommended pronouncing the - ae plural as ee ( / i : / ) . 
  so it would be britannickee and an-nah-les cam-bree-ee . 
  - ae as ee is an english convention for pronouncing latin words , though . 
  if you want what historians would say , use - ee . 
  the latin pronunciation would be more like - eye , as other commenters are recommending . 
  asking a subreddit full of people who study latin is getting you the latin pronunciation instead of the anglicized one . 
  edit : the latin plural - i is almost always pronounced as - eye in english ( as in alumni ) , so using - eye for - ae might be confusing to people . 
  the idea behind a bilingual text is that you do n't struggle , either . 
  the l1 text allows you to understand what you can of the l2 , and if it 's a construction over your level you just move on and keep listening . 
  bilingual texts work for seeing and absorbing the l2 as well . 
  graded readers are great if you enjoy them . 
  i just do n't see how anything your wrote is different than using bilingual texts except `` at a simpler level '' . 
  i see . 
  if op 's goal is exposure , i would definitely recommend not looking up every word . 
  i do n't use parallel texts that way . 
  there are better tools for intensive tasks like that , in my opinion . 
  not to say it 's a bad idea , but it 's a very different activity than what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm about 140 hours into reading harry potter in russian ( finished the whole harry potter series last week ) , starting from no knowledge at all , and it 's working great . 
  i do n't feel like i 'm internalizing any less than i would with a graded reader . 
  the idea behind both methods is the same : comprehensible input . 
  bilingual texts and graded readers would both be great activities for op . 
  i prefer bilingual texts because i can read things i want to read , but i do n't think it 's inherently better . 
  i think i understand your objection if you 're imagining looking up words and taking time to parse out every single sentence , but as an extensive activity it 's just as effective . 
  i like steve . 
  he obviously pushes his platform more than i 'd like to hear ( not too excessively , to be fair ) , but he 's one of the more realistic , knowledgeable language learners out there . 
  i particularly like how he described language learning as being very different from laying bricks , building layer by layer and not going back . 
  it seems like a lot of his criticism of duolingo in this video is due to him being used to having a very individualized learning style . 
  it 's a legitimate criticism . 
  books and textbooks are much more customizable than duolingo , which is quite rigid . 
  there are , however , a lot of other problems with duolingo . 
  i hope he keeps using it and does another review later . 
  and now he 's talking about just what i wrote , at the timestamp op mentioned in the title . 
  in the segment at the end , he 's pretty much nailing everything i think about duolingo . 
  english is such a beautiful , succinct language . 
  i 'm thinking of getting a tattoo of the word scuba . 
  it means `` continuing to breathe while water rises all around you . '', 
  that 's about how ridiculous i find these things about untranslatable words . 
  did you mean to write [ ci ] , or were you going for [ k ] , [ s ] , or [ t\u0361\u0283 ] ? 
  also , we do n't usually aspirate stops in the middle of words like that , and doubled consonants only exist at word boundaries , not syllable boundaries . 
  i would write it [ b\u0279\u0320\u026a ` t\u00e6.n\u026a.ki ] . 
  for the second , i 'd say [ \u0259 ` n\u00e6.le\u026as ` ke\u026am.bri.i ] . 
  except for removing the doubled consonants and glottal stop , the other changes are more preference than anything else . 
  right , we write our compound nouns with spaces . 
  entirely different . 
   voiceless stops are aspirated if they occurr before a stressed vowel ( source with examples ) . 
  okay , i was just saying it to myself and did n't hear it . 
  still do n't , but maybe i 'm just weird or overthinking it . 
   british, 
  i 'm american , as well . 
  i thought your vowels looked british . 
  the word annales does n't sound right to me no matter how i say it . 
  i 'm not even sure if i 'd rhyme it with tamales / iz / or bales / e\u026alz / instead of the / le\u026as / on the end , which is what sounds the wrongest to me . 
  i ca n't find any comparable , more common latin words in the dictionary to compare it to . 
  edit : right now i 'm leaning toward / \u0259 ` n\u00e6.l\u0268z /, 
   in english we pronounce the former as if it were the latter,
