  the amount of german content on the internet is tiny considering the number of native speakers with internet access . 
  german dubbers are the least expressive voice actors in the world . 
  spanish : listening is hard . 
  esperanto : it 's a made-up language spoken by people who think learning a made-up language sounds like a good idea . 
  basically like a lotr convention without the elves and self-awareness . 
  greek : [ verbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancient_greek_grammar_\\ ( tables \\ ) #verb _ example ) . 
  latin : there are five cases and three genders , but for the most part all the forms look the same and it 's like trying to solve a puzzle where all the pieces are square . 
   shit , the bitterness is real . 
  i hate that , i really do , but i 've more or less resigned myself to it at this point . 
  as far as i can tell , there 's nothing i can do about rarely being able to have a normal conversation in chinese about anything besides me speaking chinese . 
  you 're right , i phrased that completely incorrectly . 
  what i wanted to say was that you do n't need 10k sentences to be able to understand spanish , or to transition away from more directed learning strategies to practice . 
   i ca n't imagine actually mining just textbooks for 10k sentences ; that would take years lol . 
  haha oh no , i never meant all 10k from a textbook . 
  even glossika tells you to mine your own sentences after their material and includes a little tutorial on how to do it in the booklets . 
  the way you did it sounds pretty good , starting from textbook sentences and then pulling from native materials . 
  even if you did want to mine all the sentences from textbooks for some reason , it would n't give you a diverse enough pool of sentences to be as effective as it could be . 
  i just never got particularly quick at mining sentences , so i tend to stick to things like subs2srs after mining out enough textbooks to kind of understand tv shows . 
  i also find it fairly time efficient to make cloze cards from stuff i 'm reading , as well . 
  i do consistently practice using native materials , even if i 'm pulling sentences from textbooks , though . 
   and also , i am worried about being able to gather sentences/vocabulary as passive and not being able to use it . 
  this is a great point . 
  think about it this way : listening , speaking , reading , and writing are skills . 
  they 're things you do with the language , so you do n't really need to focus on `` learning '' to speak if you have a solid listening foundation . 
  you just have to practice . 
  if you 're planning on needing to speak , say for a vacation , start doing self-talk a month or two early and maybe even try to talk to a practice partner for a couple of hours . 
  if you ca n't get any sentences flowing , spend a little time writing first . 
  passive knowledge activates surprisingly quickly , and getting into the habit of talking to yourself all the time can help keep you from being at a loss for words . 
  i 've heard similar complaints about korean from other people . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not familiar with anything you could use for lr . 
  sometimes the resources just are n't there \u2639, 
  i got kind of fed up with all the `` comfy '' advice this week . 
  i also love reading books in foreign languages and zoning out in front foreign language tv , do n't get me wrong , but people need more than that to really make progress . 
  clozemaster is nice . 
  i prefer cloze deletion to single word cards , and clozemaster fills the niche of a nice online , simple , no-prep required , cloze-based vocab trainer . 
  using tatoeba sentences is n't that great , and i did n't feel like i had enough control over what kind of words it was showing me . 
  i just messed around with it for a few minutes , so i 'm not that familiar with the srs system . 
  but even if it did n't have those problems , it does n't really fit with the way i learn because i have anki set up the way i like it and i can just add sentences from the books i 'm reading without too much trouble . 
  the sentences are more relevant to me , have more context , are only the words i need to learn , no more no less , and are generally more fun because i enjoy book excerpts more than random sentences . 
   i do n't agree the op does n't have any results to show . 
  i never meant to imply that . 
  i was referring to their claims about how to learn a language . 
  i also did n't say that audiobooks are easier . 
  just like tv series are better for more casual speech as seen in conversations , audiobooks are more likely to be in a more formal register . 
  which one you choose is a matter of which one you think you need to work on . 
  pretty sure it 's the skin that does it . 
  that 's why i can have a nice conversation with someone on a phone , then show up in person and they all of a sudden feel the need to comment on my chinese . 
  my favorite though is when i call somebody and want to buy something they 're selling in the classifieds , and then i get there , they realize i 'm foreign , and they refuse to sell it to me . 
  i 'm not claiming my chinese is perfect , but it 's good enough . 
  and in a different context or country i would never call it anything but racism . 
  `` excuse me , do you know where the xyz office is ? '', 
  `` hey everybody , come look !, 
  the foreigner speaks chinese !, 
  hey , hey come here . 
  look ! '', 
  thank god one of the people he called over was reasonable and just told me where the office was . 
  foreigners ca n't stay at this hotel . 
  or the time the new waiter at my favorite noodle place filmed me eating for five minutes on his phone . 
  which was somehow less annoying than the people who fall over in shock when they see me using chopsticks or eating spicy food . 
  getting halou , laowai , and fuck yelled at you any time you 're out in public . 
  people walking up to me and grabbing my arm with no warning so they can turn me around for a picture . 
  or more commonly , everyone and their sister taking clandestine pictures or , if they 're really forward thinking , asking if i 'll take a picture with them . 
  seeing your face pop up on billboards around town . 
  people pop in the dumpling shop from the street just to ask me if foreigners eat dumplings . 
  the fuck does it look like i 'm doing ? 
  mcd employees start scrambling to find a picture menu when i walk in . 
  hun , do i * really * look like i do n't know the word big mac ? 
  most of the time this stuff is more ignorantly annoying than malicious . 
  i met plenty of amazing , kind chinese people who went way out of their way to help me . 
  but being treated differently because you do n't look chinese happens literally every day . 
  also , i was in a small town . 
  all my experiences in truly rural areas were way better . 
  big cities were somewhere in the middle . 
  most people were n't weird about it , but there are still enough people who are . 
  small town bourgies are a terror , though . 
  there 's some truth in everything you 're saying . 
  but i work on stereotypes about foreigners : do n't speak chinese , ca n't use chopsticks , do n't take care of their parents , promiscuous , not humble . 
  you can fix those and show people you fix them all you want to , but new people you meet are still gon na be like `` wow , you can use chopsticks '' every fucking time . 
  if it were one situation , maybe i broke some norms . 
  but the simpler answer is that it has something to do with me not looking chinese and the stereotypes that go along with it . 
  were they even going for a cajun accent ? 
  most of the show sounded like the typical failed generic southern accents used in other shows about the south . 
  when i saw them , i recognized the stereotype and expected them to be american , then changed my mind when they started speaking . 
  i was pretty sure they were going for canadian , which i thought was odd . 
  the ones thabonch linked just seem a lot more real and well-done than the bruges clip . 
  american tourists dressing in matching outfits ? 
  american who thinks america is god 's gift to everyone ? 
  typical . 
  i nearly spit my coffee at the old couple because i 've been living in europe for years and i still have to fight the urge to talk to everybody . 
  but easily angered fat people with canadian accents ? 
  yeah we 're fat and wear baseball caps , but nothing else hit any tropes most americans would recognize as stereotypically american . 
  were n't those crops around his house ? 
  ocean water is n't that useful for drinking or watering crops . 
  if swg taught me anything , moisture farming is pretty much the best and only way to get water . 
  yeah , i thought he felt very real as a character , and i 'm very much hoping for some spin-offs books or comics featuring him . 
  i especially loved how they resolved his moral ambiguity and showed what was really important to him at the end . 
  i included grammar translation because it does work . 
  most of my criticism is based on a certain type of grammar-translation learning that never really moves on to other things . 
  i still would n't pick it as the most effective way , and it 's easy to build bad habits by overgeneralizing or misunderstanding the grammar , but like any of the learning strategies , if you use it and practice enough you can learn a language that way . 
  learning closely related languages also mitigates a lot of problems gt has .
