  or if we 're talking pericles era , both parents had to be from athens to be allowed to vote . 
  let 's not idealize the past too much , here . 
  it 's all good fun , but sometimes leftists like to villainize capitalism and liberal democracy to the point that it 's literally the worst thing ever ever . 
  i get a little uncomfortable when people start acting like we have n't come a long way since feudalism ( or in this case athenian democracy ) , which is why i felt the need to comment in the first place . 
  i would probably move to tennessee or kentucky . 
  it 's hard to say why , i just like most of the people i 've met from there and enjoy the scenery and general pace of life when i visit . 
  if your main problem is english pronunciation , my favorite book for that is * ship or sheep * . 
  as far as learning about words like uvular and rhotic , just read through [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_phonetic_alphabet#consonants ) , follow the links , and learn what all the sounds are and what they 're called . 
  a book would be overkill . 
  while she 's there she can apply for scholarships to a four year school . 
  it may not be funded by your government , but if she 's a good student there 's a real chance she can get it funded by some other group . 
  getting accepted into a four year college would give her a visa to continue staying as well . 
  more than 75 %, 
  shorter , more frequent classes are generally better . 
  shorter study sessions are more efficient :, 
  paul , j. 
  `` a study of the class period . '', 
  the journal of higher education 4 , no . 
  9 ( 1933 ) : 480-83 . doi :10.2307 / 1976998 . 
  more frequent is better :, 
  paul , j. 
  the journal of higher education 8 , no . 
  9 ( 1937 ) : 480-84 . doi :10.2307 / 1973841 . 
  both studies are about classes , not one-on-one tutoring , but i would n't imagine the results would vary too much . 
  edit : also everything adventuringraw said . 
  but when in doubt , shorter , more frequent study sessions are generally the better choice . 
  it 'd have to be [ are you from dixie ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igqsjwb1wyu ), 
  honorable mention to [ bonnie blue flag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5xdgylufck ) . 
  i also like sweet home alabama , but i wish it were n't the only thing most people i meet know about alabama . 
  edit : oh , thought of a song about the mountain itself from drive-by truckers : [ lookout mountain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpihc9a_3vi ), 
  they think we 're out backpacking around and playing with kids in the morning , because some acquaintance 's child they look down on did it for a year . 
  of course reasonable people know there are real english teachers too , but those are n't the people who are the problem . 
  it 's become a common enough gap year activity that some people see it that way , true or not . 
  i downvoted because i do n't think complaining about votes contributes to the conversation . 
  if you hear it correctly enough times it 's not so hard to remember , especially if you pay attention and listen for it . 
  for most verbs with a difficult preposition or case , i could remember a specific time when i heard the verb used with the right case , so if i was n't sure , i could just think about that sentence i heard and model what i was trying to say on that . 
  * oh right , it 's dative . 
  now i do n't really remember the specific instances where i heard the verb/case combo , i just know it 's * ihm widersprechen * , for example . 
  try to understand the words and the grammar of the sentence , and make sure you can remember them . 
  if your sentence is \u6211\u4e0d\u5403\u4e86 , you should be able to say what the sentence means , what \u4e0d ... \u4e86 means , as well as \u6211 and \u5403 . 
  if the flashcards have audio , make sure you can understand the sentence without looking at the text , chinese or english , as well . 
  also , hsk1 is n't a1 + . 
  hsk1 is roughly the first half of a1 . 
  europeans are super weird about interacting with strangers by us new-worlders ' standards . 
  your best bet is to try to find some people who 'd be interested in meeting up with you before you go , through meetup.com or tinder or whatever . 
  just chatting with strangers is not a thing hungarians ( or europeans more generally ) do . 
  if you can get an `` in '' , a person who will introduce you to their other friends , people will probably be happy to talk to you about whatever , though . 
  you may get lucky and strike up a conversation with someone chatty , but the odds are against you . 
  i rarely handwrite german that anyone else has to read , so i never learned the differences in german handwriting compared to american . 
  to me , my handwriting looks equally bad in both languages , but germans inevitably struggle more than americans just because the looped cursive i learned in school and kurrent are n't the same . 
  i think what you 're experiencing is mostly because you 're slowing down and thinking about what you write . 
  you could probably do the same with english , if you wanted to . 
  there is no shortage of free ebooks , free audio courses , free websites , and even free books if you live near a library . 
  i 'd love to see an age breakdown of people asking for apps compared to other resources . 
  i have a hunch that younger people are just used to doing everything on their phone or tablet . 
  phones and tablets are great , i use mine all the time , but they 're not always the best solution for every task . 
  they 're great for apps that let you do some flashcards in your downtime or something , but that ca n't form the backbone of your learning . 
  or people are lazy and want something convenient and easy . 
  either way . 
  well , they are invented , promoted by a small number of people , and do n't see much usage in any widespread dialect or register . 
  that may not make them pretend words , but they 're not exactly like most words , either . 
  not every word is purposefully invented . 
   do you never use google as a verb ? 
  yes , and so do a lot of other people , which is something that separates it from artificial pronouns . 
  it also developed from a name , something which is commonly invented/designed . 
   is something not a word if its definition or usage does n't conform to someone 's world view or opinions ? 
  not sure where this is coming from . 
  of course people 's opinions do n't determine what is and is n't a word . 
  who invented he and her ? 
  pronouns are some of the most stable words in a language . 
  we can trace the word he all the way back to pie . 
  we do n't know where it came from before that , but we have no evidence to suggest that it was invented . 
  xe was invented by don rickter of the unitarian universalist church in 1973 . 
  that 's what makes it more `` purposefully invented '' . 
  my point was never that xe was not a word . 
  it 's certainly something . 
  it just lacks a lot of the characteristics that most words share . 
  stable means that they are slower to change than most other words and less likely to be replaced by loanwords . 
  numbers like one and two , as well as demonstratives are other examples of generally stable words . 
   you know , the way , `` he '' and `` her '' came to become `` real '' words . 
  do you have any evidence that they were designed , not adopted by speakers , or promoted by people with political aims ? 
  any one of those three would be a surprise to me . 
  has anything happened recently to make us think the movie will suck , or are we just preparing for the worst ? 
  i have n't been keeping up with the news . 
  you 're assuming a lot about me . 
   bot old and middle english had gender neutral pronouns that fell out of use , so i genuinely do n't know what you mean by `` stable . '', 
  we still have at least one of them from middle english : `` they '' . 
   xe/ze is just one of those changes you 're seeing in your lifetime , and i 'm guessing you think it 's icky because trans . 
  has anything i 've said made you think i think trans people are icky ? 
  either way , [ here ] ( http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/yo-as-a-pronoun ) is [ an example ] ( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=18567465 ) of a gender neutral pronoun coming into existence in my lifetime . 
  there are a few things that make the baltimore `` yo '' different than words like `` xe '' . 
  for starters , it was n't designed , is used by a lot of people , and is n't being actively promoted . 
   also , i could argue the entire gender binary to the exclusion of any other gender norms is a political aim , since many cultures had non-binary genders and words for them ? 
  sure , but english culture traditionally had two genders . 
  if we develop more , i 'm sure we 'll have words for them , too . 
  maybe it 'll be xe , maybe people will stick with they , who knows ? 
  my money is on they , though , for what it 's worth . 
  edit : irrelevant side note , second person plural was ye , not thous . 
  some of the queer people i know who speak english prefer to have people mix up pronouns and some of them prefer they .
