  on the other hand , i have a russian acquaintance who never mastered the [ r ] but otherwise speaks flawless german , and people ask him if he 's from bavaria sometimes . 
  bavarians are n't exactly beloved in the rest of germany , so i would n't give myself that accent unless i had a personal connection to an area which used [ r ] . 
  no rule , regional variation, 
  just to reiterate what the other commenter said , you were just in the wrong part of the italki site . 
  for exchanges , you need to be [ here ] ( http://www.italki.com/partners ) . 
  like damnable , just without the able . 
  i have no idea if it was ever actually pronounced or not . 
  i have no experience with france specifically , but spain and germany are both full of `` chinese proverbs '' that are about as chinese as a fortune cookie . 
  little sugar packets , decorations in ( non-chinese ) restaurants , napkins , anywhere where you can find a quote , there 's '' - chinese proverb '' or '' - confucius '' after some bland aphorism . 
  the area for liberals who think pornography and feminism are compatible is over at / r / [ gulag ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/socialism ) . 
  usually when people say graded audio in the context of language learning , they 're talking about audio suitable for particular levels . 
  teachers talk about grading their speech to the level of their class . 
  grade as in graded reader , not grade as in a + . 
  mine does n't make me resync the media after changing a field , just the database or whatever . 
  what version are you using ? 
  i feel a bit dumb for having to ask this , but what are the characters for the words ? 
  i 'm searching by jyutping on cantodict but i ca n't figure it out . 
  edit : added my best guesses so far . 
  german is truly the most logical language . 
  i ca n't really imagine being able to understand the spoken language without having thought about grammar first . 
  i guess it 's possible in an immersion environment with no formal study . 
  you said there 's no difference in english , and then you explained the difference . 
  where i live ( southern usa ) , most people who learn a second language dig into the grammar from the beginning . 
  grammar is not a separable part of the language . 
  whether you know how to describe it or not , if you can speak a language , you know how to use its grammar . 
  i learned english grammar the same way anyone learns their first language : i was pretty bad at it at first , but after a few years , i had it mostly figured out . 
  give me a hand -  give me one hand . 
  grammatically correct , sure , but i 'd say the meaning is pretty different . 
  in this case , i do n't raise the middle of my tongue to the roof of my mouth in german , whereas i would in english . 
  at least that 's my best guess sitting here saying it over and over . 
  the very tip of my tongue is also on my alveolar ridge for the german word , but it would be more near my teeth in english . 
  sorry for the bad description , phonology is not really my thing . 
  in my part of alabama , grammar school is a synonym for elementary school . 
  i do n't think that 's what they 're talking about , though . 
   i have always been told by germans that if i pronounce the english lehnw\u00f6rter as they 're pronounced in english , it wo n't sound weird, 
  i 've always been told the same thing , but i do n't know any germans who actually do that , so i 'm skeptical . 
  i tried keeping english pronunciation like everyone told me at first , but after not being understood half the time , i now just say sneck , heppy , schongse , compjuta , hecka and whatever else and keep my mouth shut when someone mentions how germans keep the original pronunciation of loanwords . 
  must be . 
  most of my friends are mid-20s and up from around the dortmund area . 
  i do n't hear awesome much unless i 'm watching a german esports cast or something . 
  they use a lot more english than i i 'm used to . 
  the `` l '' in cool sounds very different to me , but once again that could be regional . 
  definitely take zoto888 's answer into consideration , and i think they 're mostly correct if we 're talking about two living languages . 
  however , dead languages , or languages where you 're only focusing on reading , are a little bit different . 
  it 's a much smaller time commitment to be able to passively understand written text , as compared to actively produce the language or understand it when spoken . 
  in college , we learned latin and greek simultaneously , and we were expected to be able to read at least a enough french or german to struggle through academic articles by the time our senior year came around . 
  so in this specific case , i do n't think it 's that big of a deal to study both a dead language and a living one . 
  having more time for one is always better , but it 's definitely not undoable . 
  i 'm not a native speaker , and i only went through the some of the upper level lessons . 
  all i can really say is that there are lots of problems and the mods are responsive . 
  i 'm sure if someone were to go through the course lesson by lesson , there 'd be tons more to fix . 
  i 'm liking assimil cantonese so far . 
  it has a book too , but i do 75 % or more of my studying with only the audio . 
  if you could study a bit on the weekends or something with the book , the audio would be great for car rides . 
  it 's a good step up from a pimsleur course level-wise . 
  i personally prefer it when people do n't mention it . 
  when i first moved out of alabama , i could n't have a conversation ( in english ) without people making fun of my accent . 
  sometimes saying positive things , sometimes neutral or negative , but it always derailed conversations . 
  it bothered me in my native language , and i wish people would n't get distracted by my accent in languages i 'm learning , either . 
  i just want to have a normal conversation . 
  that being said , i 'm not going to reject compliments or hold it against people who bring it up or anything . 
  most people mean well , so i try to see it that way , but honestly i 'd rather people just be comfortable talking to me , or pretend . 
  starting from more or less the same position ( 10 + years with guitars/etc . 
  ) , i found clawhammer way easier . 
  messed around with it for a day or two and it just felt right . 
  old-time picking like thumb lead stuff also came quickly . 
  i 've tried to learn rolls and stuff , but the fingerpicks frustrate me and i guess i do n't want to learn it bad enough to actually practice . 
  i can play simple stuff without picks , but it 's harder than i expected it to be . 
  i felt bad reading that thread . 
  there are so many incomprehensible posts . 
  not even esl incomprehensible , just completely disjointed . 
  how do you find canto subs ? 
  even searching for \u7ca4\u8bed\u5b57\u5e55 still gives me shows with mandarin subs . 
  which part is exclusive ? 
  the latin alphabet and diacritics are both very common . 
  india has 447 languages . 
  papua new guinea has 838 . 
  number or concentration does n't matter . 
  png has more either way . 
  if you already have the basics and romance vocab , i would recommend going to www.readlang.com and reading a book through the site . 
  that way you can click on unknown vocab and get the definition without having to check a dictionary all the time , which gets real tiring real fast . 
  it even saves the words you click on as flashcards for anki if you want . 
  [ 1984 ] ( http://readlang.com/library/53c1c2a8e8e1dbed0e00c6bf/from/0 ) is on the site already , and if you have the text , you can upload any book you want to read . 
  like others said , using esperanto is really useful too . 
  you can learn a lot just hanging out on the lernu forums . 
  there are also active esperanto facebook groups , but the average level of the users seems lower than lernu . 
  pm me your email and i 'll send you an invite . 
  i have a couple if someone else wants one too . 
   ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ! ), 
  india has 447 languages . 
  nigeria has 522 . 
  papua new guinea has 838 . 
  ethnologue 's numbers . 
  pretty sure \u9e21\u5df4 means soul , not sole . 
  also , do n't forget to post pics after you get the tattoo op . 
  you were a couple of minutes too late . 
  i 'm out now , sorry :(, 
  jack parow - [ afrikaans is dood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2udjhqvsc8 ) , [ cooler as ekke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrzfqw4xh2k ), 
  afrikaans is one of my favorite languages to listen to . 
  i wish there were more media produced in it .
