  but when halftime came , everyone started cracking up because no one could understand the halftime analyzers or whatever they 're called . 
  they were speaking swiss german . 
  okay , one guy i could kind of understand , and it sounded like koelsch to me , but the other two were incomprehensible to all 8 german speakers with me , 5 of whom were natives ( all from westfalen or the ruhrgebiet though , so no dialect to help them ) . 
  i 've seen similar things happen for comedy segments in swiss shows . 
  wan na was definitely not the mistake i would have picked out . 
  it 's informal , but not unnatural or ungrammatical , especially not in an informal context like a reddit post . 
  ` on my english ' , on the other hand , is wrong regardless the register . 
  also , if you 're connecting two independent clauses , using ` and ' after a comma is correct . 
  you 'll also see it in lists where the oxford comma is used . 
  i 'm not sure if i should study the things that i find most difficult . 
  will focusing on things i have trouble with actually help ? 
  do you have any sources to back this up , or is it just conjecture ? 
  that sounds like very little accent to me . 
  he phrases some things weird/non-natively , but his accent is n't any more different from mine ( american ) than many british accents . 
  to add to that , japanese is one of the fastest languages in the world ( by syllables per second ) , where mandarin is one of the slowest . 
  the best commute-friendly progression from pimsleur is probably glossika . 
  the gsr files are the more pimsleur-ish . 
  i think you can try it out for free before you buy , as well . 
  unless there 's a new one , the torrent is an older version with only taiwanese mandarin . 
  if you buy it the pdfs have selectable text ( maybe not a huge deal for you ) , some text/audio mismatches have been fixed , and you can get beijing-accented audio . 
  possibly other advantages as well , but i 'm not sure . 
  i have no issues with torrenting , but glossika produces what i consider to be the best bang for the buck learning material right now and they 're a relatively young/small publisher , so if you like it and have the cash , consider buying it as well . 
  to me brazilian portuguese sounds like spanish , european portuguese does n't . 
  or did n't until i spent some time there , now it sounds like spanish to me too . 
  it used to sound more like russian or something . 
  it 's actually about the same as spanish , according to [ this ] ( http://www.thelinguafile.com/2015/04/speech-tempo-what-is-worlds-fastest.html ) . 
  7.82 syllables per second for spanish , 7.84 for japanese . 
  it 's an insult using word that refers specifically to one gender . 
  google can lead you to articles or even books , but that 's the crux of it . 
  in the world , in fact . 
  even immigrants who move to the netherlands are on average taller than their compatriots back home . 
   condescending obnoxious dick, 
  you seem like a real pleasure . 
  you also told me i was being dense on purpose for understanding a person speaking pretty clear english . 
  have you considered giving people who disagree with you the benefit of the doubt instead of assuming they 're a dick or trying to be contrary ? 
  women are traditionally considered inferior , men are n't . 
  women are systematically oppressed , men are n't . 
  the patriarchy affects men negatively as well , but they 're also the group that benefits most from it . 
  same reason men do n't experience systematic sexism in general , really . 
  sounds good . 
  i 'll tag you as a kotakuinactioner to make sure i do n't accidentally answer your questions in the future , even though you 're still asking after you 've had the same argument too many times . 
  i was a bit suspicious anyways , because it 's not exactly a difficult question to google if you 're legitimately confused . 
  sorry if my last sentence was a little vague , i meant that you should n't assume other people are a dick and you should n't be contrary . 
  as to what discouraging calling people names has to do with being subhuman , i have no idea . 
  i was just saying that you should try to be a bit less combative when people disagree with you . 
  it 's pretty damn hard to find places without chinese speakers . 
  they 're all over north and south america , europe , asia , australia and increasingly africa . 
  but if you 're looking for languages that have widespread majority populations , take your pick from any former colonial language . 
  french and portuguese come to mind first , but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  i thought of portuguese because it has large populations of speakers in europe , africa , and south america . 
  spanish is 99 % just in spain and the americas . 
  two contiguous areas does n't fit the way i interpreted the op in my second paragraph , but that 's certainly up for interpretation . 
  [ here 's a demobilized version . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutual_intelligibility#list_of_partially_mutually_intelligible_languages ), 
  [ here ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0b9w5zezjxxydlxr0wmn4yv9xb0u ) 's a . cbz of volume 1 ( of 3 ) . 
  it 's bigger than it should be , but when i try to make it smaller it gets too difficult for me to read it . 
  edit : fixed the permissions problem . 
  old school rp does ( think grand moff tarkin ) , as well as some regional varieties like scottish . 
  but yes , no learner needs to roll . 
  you can draw the kanji on the mobile version of the jisho website on your smartphone . 
  that seems simpler and cheaper to me . 
  you need internet , but other than that it 's great . 
  i 've heard germans complain about immigrants that `` ca n't even speak english '' . 
  i hate that people use my language as a measuring stick for education , value , or most anything else . 
  you 're german , complain about how they do n't speak german for chrisakes . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  i think the fact that some germans still see german as being less useful plays into that as well , though it 's been changing . 
  english is the first foreign language people are expected to know , and it 's almost considered a prerequisite for traveling or being abroad by some people . 
  it 's used as an insult , which of course has the bonus effect of making some germans with no/poor english skills feel self-conscious about it , even if they 're in a position where they do n't really * need * english for anything . 
  it makes me feel kind of shitty that other people feel bad because they do n't speak my language . 
  if you 're in the us , sure , feel bad about your shitty english , but otherwise i do n't think people should be expected to know it ( unless their job requires it or something like that ) . 
  there is a time to try and fit in , and a time to embrace your heritage . 
  in my daily life , and at work , i want to be treated as normally and possible and i try to sound as native as possible . 
  when i get caught without a ticket on the train , i sound like [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8co-rdxcsly ) . 
  but in seriousness , i 'm happy for people that are happy with their foreign accents and i see where they 're coming from , but i also see the value of sticking out as little as possible . 
  i fall overwhelmingly towards the latter , but it takes different strokes . 
  they look very different . 
  \u884c\u66f8 is more similar to \u6977\u66f8 , and mostly but not entirely legible to someone unfamiliar with it . 
  compare looped cursive and printed text in the latin alphabet . 
  \u8349\u66f8 is drastically different and uncomfortably illegible to the untrained reader . 
  google them to see how they look . 
  i also like http://www.shufazidian.com/ , which allows you to search a big collection of examples by style and character . 
  the characters are a result of historical development , not a lack of sounds . 
  hawaiian has far fewer sounds but communicates fine without characters . 
  spanish does n't have many more sounds than chinese and they do n't need characters . 
  i personally like characters because they provide extra semantic information that an alphabetic script would n't , but they 're not necessary . 
  languages like vietnamese , mayan , and korean have shown that they are perfectly usable without characters . 
  i hope chinese does n't stop using characters , but i do n't think your argument is the reason why . 
  [ a chinese article about the same . 
  do the same thing as everyone else , just do n't practice speaking . 
  assimil is good start , yes . 
  it depends on you . 
  how much do you write things by hand in your native/dominant language ? 
  how important is it to be able to handwrite ? 
  chances are it will be similar for chinese . 
  if you need to write things by hand , then learn it and practice it . 
  if you do n't , then no hurry . 
  people say you need to write the characters to remember them , but i only learned stroke order and a few basic characters to get a feel for writing and did n't do any more until i could read around 2500 characters or so . 
  when living in china , i had to write down an address or name or food on a menu a couple times a week . 
  it was never an issue .
