  the urban deserts of inner cities ? 
  similar crime rates to third world countries , similar life expectancy , infant mortality , and so on , so i do n't see the harm in calling the us a third world country as long as people are aware they 're not talking about the whole us . 
  i agree about 1st and 3rd world , but i never hear 2nd world in popular discourse ( well , almost never now ) . 
  when i do hear it , it 's always about former communist states . 
  is commonly used by whom ? 
  i agree with everything besides your first sentence . 
  i do n't know many english-speaking esperantists , so using the word international to mean non-anglophone did n't register with me right away . 
  just add it . 
  instead of doing an hour of italian every day , do an hour of italian and an hour of dutch . 
   a fragrant violation of rules, 
  which fragrance ? 
  that 's accusative and the sense you 're talking about , right ? 
  legally they do n't have a right to secede , at least not without fighting for it . 
  however , i 'd be much happier if the south were its own country , or maybe the south and midwest . 
  the divisions in our country are n't just a media-induced problem . 
  culturally , the big cities in the northeast and on the west coast are miles away from most americans , but they dominate our media , politics , and finance . 
  at this point we 're as likely to get kicked out as we are to secede , i.e. 
  not likely at all , so it 's all just theoretical . 
  i have no doubt that if a state did try to secede , it 'd come to physical violence sooner or later . 
  the hardest one by far is the first one . 
  you always get better at learning , but the first language is where you figure out how you actually learn . 
  the difference between the third and fourth is not nearly as pronounced as the first and second . 
  that assumes a lot , though . 
  learning a romance language will help you with other romance languages a lot more than having learned the five slavic languages you know . 
  difficult languages sometimes need different approaches , so learning spanish from portuguese may not make subsequent languages much easier if those languages are chinese and arabic , especially compared to , say , having learned russian before chinese and arabic . 
  anglos have always had the political power , though . 
  how many presidents have been non anglos ? 
  no more than four , i think . 
  i started learning years ago just because i found it interesting and wanted to learn something different . 
  i got the chance to go to china at one point , and realized i have no desire to work in any capacity that involves communicating with chinese people every day . 
  china 's the only country i 've lived in where i wished i could n't understand people . 
  nowadays , i really enjoy being able to watch chinese tv and movies and keep up with what 's going on on chinese social media , so i still practice a lot and do a bit of studying from time to time . 
  i 'm still not good enough to pick up a random book and read it comfortably , which i 'd like to be able to do , but i 'm in no rush . 
  my active skills are withering and that does n't bother me too much . 
  the only time i 've ever seen a roundabout in the states is near the airport in jackson , ms. 
  it 's a disaster because no one knows what they 're supposed to be doing . 
   that 's like saying learning english is a good idea because it 's a decent stepping stone to french . 
  it definitely is a good stepping stone . 
  a chinese student who speaks good english will have a much easier time learning french than one who speaks chinese and , say , japanese . 
  what are they talking about ? 
  the only other use i know of the word snowflake is a white woman who dates black guys . 
  what 's the connection to liberals ? 
  i 've never been a big fan of either of the two parties , but generally the democrats seemed more reasonable than the republicans . 
  less science-denying , less fear-mongering . 
  this election has shown me that if that ever was the case , it 's not any more . 
  too much calling trump voters evil , too much shaming people who do n't vote democrat , too much assuming trump voters are ignorant rednecks , antagonizing bernie for disagreeing with a certain type of identity politics . 
  agree with him or do n't , but i do n't think the man 's a racist in any meaningful sense of the word . 
  they make politics about their opponents being bad people . 
  it 's not better than the right complaining about degenerate liberals or whatever they talk about these days . 
  not the person you were responding to , but yes . 
  they should . 
  it 's hard to address these topics without getting into other critiques as well . 
  the potential for abuse with something like a b83 warhead is that it could be used to further corporate interests , which i find pretty terrifying . 
  without corporate money backing it , it would be difficult to own something that large . 
  that said , yes , i do still think private citizens should be able to arm themselves as much as the army , though it seems more practical for this to be community based for larger , more expensive weapons . 
  gun control based on crime history disproportionately affects black communities . 
  ( edit : and this is a problem because it takes power away from the community . 
  knowing that someone or a group can defend themselves leads to respect , or at least fear ) . 
  mental illness is a tough case , but as of now i do n't think there 's enough evidence that mentally ill people are so much more dangerous than your average , run-of-the-mill asshole that it justifies denying them the right to a gun . 
  my former neighbor has been abducted by aliens three times and has an incredible arsenal . 
  i 'm not more worried about him shooting me than any other random redneck . 
  feeling justified in overthrowing unjust governments is kind of what america is about , from the founding on to helping overthrow every other government in the world when the powers-that-be felt like it . 
  revolution is a tool , not a good or bad thing in and of itself . 
  it all boils down to the idea that political power grows out of the barrel of a gun . 
  the implicit threat of violence underpins our entire society . 
  i have my problems with the constitution , but the founders understood that as well as anyone . 
  a population that can remove its government by force is a feature , not a bug . 
  plans by whom for what kind of course ? 
  i live in germany now . 
  in no particular order :, 
  free refills, 
  free water, 
  ice in drinks, 
  mountain dew everywhere, 
  barbecue ( i 'd kill for a pulled pork sandwich ), 
  guns, 
  paper plates/cups, 
  mexican food, 
  i think that 's about it . 
  i used to really miss football , but after i got over my prejudice , i really enjoy soccer fans and their shenanigans as well . 
  i still miss football , but soccer does the trick in a pinch . 
  most decent caf\u00e9s will give you water with your coffee , but at restaurants , my experience is no . 
  never heard of burgerista , but i 'll see if there 's one nearby . 
  i 'm always up for a good burger . 
  when i still believed i could find good mexican in germany , all the places i tried were basically bars with nachos . 
  seldom have i felt so sad , psyching myself up for some chicken mole and getting nothing besides a tongueless man 's imitation of a fajita . 
  it changes your perspective , but be aware that being an immigrant has its challenges . 
  it 's different than studying abroad or working abroad for a year . 
  there 's a reason your boyfriend wants to go back to his home country , just like there was a reason my partner wanted to go back to hers . 
  i like living in germany . 
  it 's a great place in so many ways , but i 've been away from the us for nearly a decade now and that nagging feeling that i 'm not at home is n't showing any signs of going away , despite being fairly well integrated here . 
   maybe because of ignorance . 
  sounds like denglisch to me . 
  k\u00fcchenpapier or k\u00fcchenrolle is the german word for it . 
  it 's not a thing in english , as far as i know . 
  the english term is paper towel . 
  a lot of stuff produced in germany ends up with low effort , german produced translations on the packaging , so that 's possibly why you 're finding paper towels when you search for it . 
  this would n't be the first thing i thought was denglisch but was actually british , though . 
  i 'm sure they mean oldest still-existing democracy , which if you define democracy as a particular type of bourgeois liberal democracy , may very well be true . 
  and only wealthy males could vote .
