  saying what i think is n't being inconsistent unless i 'm trying to pass it off as fact , which i clearly did n't . 
  i hate having dead time in the middle of the day and working late . 
  as someone from up 59 a ways , i would n't know where to get a gyro if i wanted one . 
  i think their availability is a big city thing . 
  i rejected their conclusion because of my priority : stopping trafficking . 
  they explained it earlier in the paper . 
  there is a percentage decrease in trafficked women , but an absolute increase because the number of prostitutes increases . 
  i 'm using their data to come to a different conclusion based on different values . 
  also , because they did n't have good data on how legalization positively affects prostitutes . 
  we 'd have to look to other sources for that . 
  the difference is that i 'm still accepting their data and you 're not . 
  sure , we can go back and forth with opinions all day , but if you 're going to reject the data i 'd want to see a different source that is better . 
  all you did was regurgitate the researchers own misgivings about their numbers . 
  that 's fine , but it 's not an argument for anything . 
  meanwhile , i have plenty of argumentation which supports my proposal . 
  [ seattle journal for social justice ] ( http://digitalcommons.law.seattleu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1814&amp;context=sjsj ), 
  [ mackinnon ] ( http://www.prostitutionresearch.com/pdfs/mackinnon%20\\ ( 2011 \\ ) % 20trafficking % 20prostitution % 20and % 20inequality . pdf ), 
  [ here 's an article criticizing the decriminalization proposal . 
  ] ( http://digitalcommons.uri.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1012&amp;context=dignity ), 
  the four or five page spiegel article i posted earlier is also a great piece . 
  i 'm not unbiased in this and i 'm not trying to hide it . 
  my partner 's job is working with trafficking victims . 
  it 's fucked up , there are a lot of them , and i hear stories about how legalization makes her job more difficult all the time . 
  i 'd have to see a strong case for legalization to consider it . 
  even beyond the possible benefits of different policies , i think prostitution is a violation of human rights because it is not usually a choice . 
  mackinnon talks about this a bit in her speech i linked . 
   well now we really are back to, 
  translation : i 'll accept a researcher 's findings when it suits me , but reject it when it does n't . 
  i agree with researchers when i agree with them . 
  i disagree with them when i disagree with them . 
  that 's how this goes . 
  that 's why people have differing opinions on things even in situations where the facts are a lot clearer than prostitution . 
  i 'm sorry i wasted all this time , but i do n't think our abilities to read and discuss other studies is compatible . 
  that 's the nicest way i can put this . 
  your `` translation '' displays a fundamental prejudice and misunderstanding of how people should read and interpret data , and your assumption that i 'm claiming everything i say as objective is ... well , i ca n't tell if it 's a rhetorical device or a show of ignorance , but it 's not productive conversation either way . 
  it is . 
  you 're wanting a translation into japanese , so japanese is the target language . 
  from britain to usa you can use a pet passport now . 
  most countries in europe and the usa have made it so that if you have this passport and do all the required checks , quarantine is n't necessary any more . 
  it used to be a huge pain in the ass , though . 
  the issue i 've run into is that germans often thought i was referring to my close family . 
  i find that verwandte usually gets my point across best when i would talk about family in english . 
  i 'm not sure about op , but this is very normal where i 'm from in the states . 
  i 'm part of two of the three big `` families '' in the area , despite sharing a surname with neither of them . 
  it 's more like a clan than any kind of german family structure i 've seen . 
  i 've settled on calling these people `` meine verwandten '' in german . 
  i 'd call them kin or family in english . 
  it stretches out to fifth cousins or so , a least in my case . 
  i thought for the longest time it was a part of the informal imperative conjugation . 
  it sounds kind of abrupt without it . 
  like the word passive-aggressive . 
  nobody needs a word to describe the way things always are . 
  two things : commercialization of anything and everything , and our particularly self-destructive variety of liberalism , outrage culture , oppression olympics , and identity politics . 
  i do n't think they are . 
  from the last election cycle , hillary , webb , and o'malley were all pretty moderate , as well as bush , rubio and co. on the republican side . 
  which parts were n't moderate ? 
  i 'm legitimately curious , i might be out of touch with what passes for moderate . 
  i know hrc is democrat approved and rubio is republican approved , but outside of healthcare and some wedge issues like gun rights i just do n't see huge policy differences . 
  one wants a little more government involvement , one wants a little less , but at the end of 4-8 years we 'd have been looking at pretty small changes either way . 
  then again , when i googled rubio i learned he supported building a wall on the border , so maybe i 'm misremembering him a bit . 
  he did n't use to be that way about immigration . 
  compared to people like bernie , rand paul , or trump , though , hrc and jeb !, 
  and even rubio were very much status quo candidates from my perspective . 
  in this case because the phrase is modeled after the well-known phrase panem et circenses , which uses the accusative . 
   `` he hates it to read newspapers '', 
  someone else has already brought it up , but this is not correct in english . 
  certain types of verb clauses in german need a dummy object ; you see it with da words as well as es . 
  there 's not really a similar construction in english . 
  i have met many , but it 's more a quirk of the german market than anything else . 
  these people should n't be translating into english and do n't do as good a job as natives , but germany 's translation certification certifies you to go both ways , so it 's not likely to change soon . 
  edit : the frankfurt airport is a great example of why german natives should n't translate things into english . 
  how 's greek 101 going ? 
   and sie in wo sind sie ist accusative , if i am correct ? 
  nope , still nominative . 
  sein and its conjugations ( bin , sind , ist , etc. ), 
  generally have nominatives on both sides . 
  i have n't seen that many wagons in the eu . 
  you see them occasionally in rural areas where people have horses , but it 's hardly a large number . 
  or are you talking about the little red ones for children ? 
  i 'm guessing there are fewer in the us than germany because we do n't pull beer around in them for fathers ' day , but i 'm not sure if that 's applicable to other countries . 
  no , buggies are what you put your groceries in while you 're walking around the grocery store . 
  i 'm okay with states having whatever official languages they feel appropriate , but at a federal level , we should either leave it like it is ( no official language ) or make english the official language . 
  i 've been there four times , no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm not that into the geological stuff , but chilling outside looking for wolves and bears and whatever else shows up is my ideal vacation , and i 've yet to find a better place for it than yellowstone . 
  none of the above . 
  how can a table be shrunk ? 
  the third principle part of the verb is shrunk , this is passive so it requires the third principle part , so it 's shrunk . 
  shrunken is more common as an adjective directly preceding a noun . 
  yes , it 's correct . 
  overgeneralizing rules ( e.g. 
  trying to apply the regular past marker - ed to an irregular verb like shrink ) is one of the largest source of mistakes native speakers make . 
  it 's a great way to further centralize european capital in germany and other wealthy nations while leaving the working class out out to rot when their jobs get sent to eastern europe or other less wealthy eu countries . 
  i do like the freedom of movement , but that could have been accomplished without all the other problems the eu brings with it . 
  kronen pilsener or sometimes pott 's landbier . 
   there is a reason the west is referred to as judeo-christian . 
  i 'm pretty sure politicians referring to their country or the west as judeo-christian is an american thing , not a western thing , and a fairly recent one at that . 
  i 've never heard of it outside the us . 
  a quick look at [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judeo-christian#inter-group_relations ) seems to support my hunch . 
  not traditional zoroastrians , but some young persians in germany celebrate zoroastrian festivals . 
  it 's a revivalist thing/political statement moreso than a religious tradition .
