  i 'm not sure . 
  the situations where you need to make your own curricula are pretty slim . 
  for the most part it 's easier just to pad around good textbooks that already exist . 
  this is what most non-chain schools i know do and it seems to work fine . 
  for anyone wanting more info on the verse op is referring to , here it is in greek, 
  and english ( kjv ), 
   neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin : but yield yourselves unto god , as those that are alive from the dead , and your members as instruments of righteousness unto god . 
  `` death unto self '' does n't mean much to me , but if i wanted a latin quote that represented the idea op is talking about that referenced this verse , i would probably go for `` ex mortuis viventes '', 
  never heard of them . 
  lingq is great , but it requires more effort than duo and is n't suited to killing ten minutes on an app . 
  if i had to choose between lingq and duo , it 'd be lingq hands down . 
  but it suffers from tough competition , namely readlang and learning with texts . 
  lingq is more structured , but it 's based around the same idea . 
  its fanbase is small , but so is almost every language learning platform 's . 
  duo is an outlier , and it gets a lot of users because it prioritizes ease and convenience over effectiveness . 
  say ee and round your lips . 
  these kinds of descriptions are flawed and vague , because they rely on imprecise terminology . 
  she started with / u / . 
  she said curl the tongue because tongue position is what differentiates / u / and / y / . 
  i started from / i / , which has the same tongue shape as / y / , which is why you do n't have to move your tongue starting from / i / . 
  read [ this article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/close_front_rounded_vowel ) for a more precise description of how the vowel is formed . 
  no , it 's the international phonetic alphabet . 
  it 's also used in the article i linked . 
  yes , i was just explaining why she talked about the tongue because op seemed confused . 
  it 's easier to keep it simple if i compare what i said to what op is confused about the woman saying . 
  that subreddit confuses me . 
  the images i see seem completely unrelated to the description on the sidebar . 
  is that how we 're defining enjoyable media ? 
   rouge one, 
  [ rouge one ] ( https://i.redd.it/xwu74kdhbz3y.jpg ), 
  i get why they do this in china . 
  chinese handwriting can be very distinct , personal , and hard to read * after * years of teachers enforcing perfect strokes . 
  that said , i think it 's ridiculous that handwriting is still so prevalent in schools . 
  when typists got faster and the technology they needed was there , people for the most part stopped teaching and using shorthand . 
  in the same way , now that tablets and phones are ubiquitous , i do n't think handwriting needs to be more than an afterthought . 
  i personally enjoy the feeling of pen on paper , but i 've hardly ever had to use it since getting out of school . 
  edit : that reminds me of this article on [ library hand ] ( http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/library-hand-penmanship-handwriting ) that showed up in / r/fountainpens recently . 
   a lot of the us is more passive aggressive than nyc and does n't handle the abruptness well . 
  it does n't mean nyc is rude . 
  if you define politeness by not being direct , which is a key part of southern politeness , new yorkers are going to be rude by your standards no matter what . 
  i also consider europeans in most places i 've lived rude . 
  it does n't mean they 're bad people ; it just means they 're not my kind of polite . 
  i swear i ca n't go online without people saying something about how huntsville is different . 
  it bothers me because of what your comment leaves unsaid . 
   guns , god , and nascar, 
  are any of these a problem ? 
  should i be ashamed of them being a part of my culture ? 
   that place where you have to be into atving , deer hunting and fishing , otherwise you 're not cool . 
  there was plenty of room for me in rural alabama as a person who was n't really into hunting . 
  i was kind of bookish and not exactly the coolest , but i think that would have been true most anywhere . 
  i do n't think there 's a problem with a place having different common pastimes than other parts of the country , either . 
  what makes huntsville better ? 
  is it because people there are more educated ? 
  more democratic ? 
  does that make their culture better or more valuable than the rest of alabama ? 
  i find it useful to make a distinction between politeness and being moral or ethical . 
  politeness has to do with observing cultural norms of social interaction . 
  in the south , ` insincere ' pleasantries , euphemisms , circumlocutions and little white lies everyone understands for what they really mean are part of it . 
  as a southerner , even as someone for whom being polite seems to be less natural than normal , that 's my frame of reference for politeness . 
  in germany , politeness in regards to strangers has a lot more to do with making sure you do n't inconvenience anyone . 
  it 's not a question of better or worse , we just interact with people differently . 
  i would n't presume to go to new york and tell people they 're rude . 
  i 've been on trips with people who have done that and called them out on it . 
  new yorkers not adapting to the south , on the other hand , are fair game in my book . 
  i 'd expect them to be bothered by me standing on the left side of the escalator ( or something else they find rude ) , so i 'm going to be bothered by them not knowing how to express their opinions less ( what we perceive as ) combatively . 
  none of this has any bearing on morality , fairness , or any objective measure . 
  politeness is cultural . 
  on a side note , i hated southern politeness until i moved away and realized how much it actually helps avoid hostility with strangers and makes social interactions more pleasant and often more productive . 
  rockets are a pretty strong argument , i admit . 
  that 's the third book , so not exactly the end of the series , but also definitely not good for the cover of the first book . 
  i 'm halfway through the seventh book right now . 
  it 's not my favorite translation , but it did n't seem too bad . 
  what makes you say it 's horrible ? 
  just to be clear , i did n't know russian before i started so i 'm not exactly qualified to judge the russian translation , but i thought they did a pretty good job translating the names . 
  \u041b\u0443\u043d\u0430\u0442\u0438\u043a as lupin 's nickname ( instead of mooney ) was particularly good . 
  i personally prefer translated names ( in general ) to leaving english names that do n't make any sense , so maybe it 's just a preference thing . 
  i found it fascinating , too . 
  towards the beginning of the primary , i was convinced trump would do poorly in the south . 
  i do n't really know what to make of it . 
  when i got mine in texas in the 00s , all i had to do was a written test . 
  no road test , and my parents just signed a form saying they had given me driver 's ed themselves . 
  in the case of poles in chicago , there 's still a huge community of polish speakers and polish nationals . 
  i 'd love to see what percentage of poles have family in chicago , because i have no connection to chicago whatsoever but have never met a pole ( here in germany ) who does n't have family there . 
   overall easier grammar than german, 
  i 'm not sure getting to decline every noun in russian into more cases is that much easier than only having to mess with articles and adjectives in german . 
  not to mention verbs . 
  russian 's got aspects , too many prefixes , fewer periphrastic constructions . 
  if you 're coming from the perspective of a monolingual english speaker , i have trouble believing anyone would think russian grammar is easier . 
  chinese has all those characteristics and more , but good luck getting anywhere with broken chinese in most places . 
  i 've taken students from scratch to b1 in english . 
  they could have pretty good conversations , but i 'm not sure if that meets your requirements for proficient . 
  it took ( iirc , it 's been a long time ) 10 weeks of all-day ( 8-3 ) classes . 
  what do you want to know about it ? 
  that was my job . 
  i did n't have a lot of feelings about it . 
  the struggles mostly involved students not caring enough to be interested in the class , but most of them were fine and ended up learning a lot . 
  you can have a conversation the first day if you want to . 
  what 's your name ? 
  what is this ? 
  how long it takes people to be able to have conversations depends entirely on what your standards for conversations are .
