  it 'll impact the quality of the jobs you can get , but you 'll definitely be able to find a job . 
  there are no shortage of poles and other eastern europeans teaching english over there , though i have n't personally met any germans teaching english . 
  mostly just german backpacker types . 
  there are some german positions from time to time as well , especially at universities in big cities . 
  i remember seeing that a place in harbin was hiring last year , i have n't looked recently but there are probably a few spots this year as well . 
  not you , you asked a legitimate question . 
  there was a small discussion about this in the socialist subreddit a few weeks ago too . 
  btw , on reddit leftist generally refers to socialists , communists , anarchists , and the like , not whatever the hell the prc is . 
  people who support the prc usually just get called wumaos , 
  the ones i saw were interspersed with all the english jobs . 
  try searching for `` german '' on echinacities or something like that . 
  regardless whether it 's enforcing contested territory or expansion , it still makes people nervous . 
  the same can be said of the crimea conflict as well . 
  guns seem to be the only thing i ever agree with alabama politicians about . 
   john ( an apostle who travelled closely with jesus ) in rev 21:8, 
  different johns . 
  john the apostle traveled with jesus . 
  john of patmos ( aka john the revelator ) wrote the book of revelation , significantly later . 
  if you accept the view that the gospel of john was written around 100ce , we 're definitely not talking about books being written by an apostle . 
  same can be said of the epistles . 
  it 's plausible that a john the presbyter authored both books , but that 's still not john the apostle . 
  or maybe he was , but then he 's not the author of the book of revelation . 
  i admit it 's been a while since theology class , so i 'm a little fuzzy on the details , but at that time most scholarship pointed to at least two different johns writing the books attributed to a john in the new testament . 
  the stylistic differences in the texts make me pretty sure it 's not the same person either way . 
  the first epistle and the gospel likely share an author , but the others do n't fit . 
  yes , that 's the full form . 
  native english speakers have the luxury of not really needing to learn any other languages except in uncommon situations , so we can `` waste time '' learning languages that are n't that useful and it does n't really matter at all . 
  my chinese was like that at one point . 
  maybe you skipped over the `` i somehow manage to be as bad as google translate '' stage , but i 'd reckon most of us learners have been there . 
  the worst part is , i had no idea how incomprehensible i was . 
  op is probably in the same boat . 
  at least these days i know i suck . 
  besides \u8d34\u5427 , there 's also the taiwanese bbs , ptt.cc . 
  if you 're on linux , you can connect with something like luit - encoding big5 ssh bbs@ptt.cc . 
  no idea on windows or mac , sorry , but i 'm sure you can google it . 
  yes , it is . 
  there are some pretty good boards if you look around and find stuff you 're interested in , but there 's also huge amounts of shit to wade through to find it . 
  i spend more time on ptt these days , i guess mostly because the threads on news and politics do n't make my blood boil as often when i read the comments . 
  yes , it is . 
  there are some pretty good boards if you look around and find stuff you 're interested in , but there 's also huge amounts of shit to wade through to find it . 
  i spend more time on ptt these days , i guess mostly because the threads on news and politics do n't make my blood boil as often when i read the comments . 
  telnet for what ? 
  telnet is less secure , which is why i recommended using ssh . 
  but if you 're saying that 's how you do it on windows , if that 's the only choice i guess you take what you can get . 
  yep , i also use yon/yonder if the tl makes a three way distinction instead of two like standard english . 
   that 's what i always you . 
  not sure if typo or aborted pun . 
  you know how in standard english , here is closer than there ? 
  well , there is closer than over yonder . 
  same idea with this / that / yon . 
  this house ( we 're standing next to ) , that house ( across the road ) , and yon house ( down the road a ways ) . 
  i just realized i 've never had to explain this before , so sorry if it 's unclear . 
  is lojban an auxlang ? 
  us americans do that too . 
  i 've been living outside of the us for almost a decade and i still hate having to convert km to minutes or hours when i ask somebody how far away something is . 
  i agree that auxlangs could do well adapting some lojbanesque approaches . 
  but i actually like the way it mangles source vocab : it remains human , but not close enough to any one language or group to provide significant advantages . 
  i liked that about volapuk too , but it had other problems , chief of which was a bad case of idoitis . 
  lojban grammar is fine , but for purposes of communication , unambiguous grammar is n't a huge step forward when you 're still dealing with ambiguous words . 
  i 'm not sure the consonant clusters are any worse than esperanto . 
  if anything , the thing keeping lojban from being a lingua franca is the philosophy of the community and kind of people it attracts . 
  most lojbanists are n't looking for an auxiliary or international language . 
  without a community of people pushing it ( like esperanto ) , it wo n't grow as an auxlang . 
  which is fine , because it was never intended as such . 
  mi ne komprenas vian frazon , ` how lojban is ... ' . 
  i saw a lot of people making fun of this on the badling thread too , but i do n't really get it . 
  many native speakers probably are n't c2 , because they 're not trained or educated to do complex tasks required in a professional or academic environment . 
  it does n't mean they 're bad at the language or anything , but it does mean they 're not that good at professional tasks , and thus not c2 , because that 's what c2 is measuring . 
  the problem is just that lots of people here equate cefr rating with being good at a language . 
  i really like stephen chow , and his version of journey to the west is one of my favorite mandarin language movies , but i found the mermaid very disappointing . 
  it was just another chinese movie . 
  not awful , but not any better than any other chinese blockbuster . 
  you 're the first person i 've met who likes lihk better . 
  lit was great , but i could barely stand lihk . 
  and that fucking helmet . 
  but to each their own . 
  i 'd like to second red cliff . 
  it 's the king of chinese war movies , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  because he lives in hong kong and was n't breaking any laws there . 
  so you become property of a nation because of a deal made by two governments neither of which represent you , they tell you you can keep your laws , but then arrest you for breaking their laws in a place where they said your laws and rights would still apply . 
  he `` does n't understand '' why the prc says one thing and does another . 
  seems reasonable . 
  arrest him when he comes to the mainland for something he did in hk which is n't a crime there , and then the mainland government forces his hong kong store to fire him and give them data ? 
  how are they honoring their ideal of one country , two systems ? 
  he got arrested for physically bringing books with him the first time . 
  that 's different because he was breaking prc laws in the prc . 
  so if i mail liquor to saudi arabia , they should come force my liquor store to fire me and detain me for months without a lawyer or family contact ? 
  i recognize that the prc is within their jurisdiction to arrest him when he enters , though i do n't like it or agree with it much . 
  the part that really irks me is the prc 's action against his employment and business in hong kong . 
   also they got the bookstore to terminate my employment, 
   they [ asked ] lee po to copy the records in hong kong for them . 
   especially lee po , who was allegedly forcibly taken away in hong kong . 
  how are they complex ? 
  only two languages regularly use the chinese characters . 
  that 's hardly `` generally '' . 
  joining in spanish conversations is much less weird ( and possibly offensive ) than starting off convos in spanish in the us . 
  if i want to jump into a spanish convo , it would n't make sense to do it in english , and i 've never really gotten any negative feedback from it . 
  then again , i 'm not exactly a spanish `` learner '' at this point , but i 'm still very noticeably non-native . 
  do they have the right to deal with him in hong kong ? 
  did they have the right to apprehend gui minhai , a swedish national , in thailand ?
