  it 's pretty mild as far as badlinguistics goes , in my book . 
  yes , agile is an adjective , but this is just a clumsy attempt at trying to tell people that agile management is something you do . 
  and rule # 3, 
  what does that even mean ? 
  do you hear what might sound like a tiny `` y '' sound after the l in leabhar ? 
  i hear it most strongly in the connacht example , but it 's there in the other pronunciations as well . 
  to be clear , it 's not actually an l followed by a y sound ( which is why you might not hear it as such in every example ) , but rather that the middle of the tongue is put higher than usual while you pronounce the l. it 's normal that you ca n't hear the difference sometimes at first . 
  it just takes practice . 
  edit :, 
  i forgot to talk about broad consonants . 
  as an english speaker , the slender ( y ) consonants will probably be more different from what you 're expecting as a `` normal '' consonant to an english speaker . 
  the palatalization can be very clear sometimes , like in the word beo . 
  broad consonants work pretty much the same way , though , just instead of making the consonant sound more like a y ( slender ) , it makes it sound more like a u ( ipa \u026f , because i ca n't think of an easy way to approximate it in english ) . 
  a lot of times you ( at the beginning ) wo n't even notice it 's not exactly the same as the english consonant . 
  check out the word [ bu\u00edochas ] ( http://www.teanglann.ie/en/fuaim/bu%c3%adochas ) for an example where the broadness of the consonants really sticks out , to me at least . 
  using two courses is pretty much always better than one . 
  now if you were trying to split your time between ten different courses i might recommend against it , but you have nothing to lose from doing two courses . 
  regarding these two specifically , neither pimsleur nor duolingo will get you very far by itself . 
  after you finish pimsleur , you 'll probably want to move on to something like glossika . 
   do n't you think losing a streak once will ruin the experience of language learning ? 
  the problems some people have . 
  just pretend it 's like a textbook that does n't tell you anything about how many days in a row you 've studied , because it 's really not that important . 
  i used to keep track of my study time with pen and paper . 
  if i missed a busy day here and there , it did n't matter at all , because i never thought that `` streaks '' were a good metric for evaluating my learning . 
  it 's just a fun metric on duolingo that helps motivate some people . 
  if it ruins your experience , you 're taking it way too seriously . 
  possibly 70 % of content , because those few sites ( youtube , facebook , etc. ), 
  make up the huge bulk of what people do on the internet these days , but most websites are tiny things 99.999 % of people do n't care about , including the ccp . 
  in addition to baidu tieba , tianya , and hk golden like others have said , i 'd recommend checking out ptt . 
  it 's most popular taiwanese forum ( or rather a true , old-school bbs for some reason ) and has boards or all kinds of topics . 
  there are some taiwanese slang words that come from the dialect , but it 's all in mandarin . 
  yes , seeing a streak can be motivating and make you feel good . 
  i 'm not against having a best streak , or anything like that . 
  if it helps people , sure . 
  but a streak is still just a motivational tool . 
  if losing it ruins the experience of language learning , it 's become far more important to the process than it actually is ( a loose correlation at best ) . 
  if it 's detrimental , it can be safely ignored . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , but i 'm comfortable enough to answer this question about german . 
  the biggest thing that lets people know you 're an english speaker is pronunciation , especially the `` r '' sound . 
  unless you 're in one tiny village in sauerland , the english `` r '' will instantly give you away . 
  most imitations of anglophone german accents will emphasize this . 
  other giveaways include dipthonging too many vowels . 
  grammar-wise , english speakers suffer from a lot of the same ailments other german learners do : wrong word order , wrong cases , and wrong genders . 
  one mistake that is more specifically english is using the perfect to express how long something has been happening . 
  if i hear or see someone say `` ich habe seit zwei jahren in k\u00f6ln gewohnt '' , it 's almost definitely an english speaker . 
  germans use the present tense for this . 
  edit : thought of another one : overuse and underuse of anglicisms . 
  sometimes english-speaking learners excessively avoid words like management or training , or just throw in english words everywhere . 
  it 's especially tricky because advertisements use way more anglicisms than is appropriate in everyday speech , so you have to be careful about not only which anglicisms to use but when . 
  supposedly the platt spoken in sauerland in some village near siegen ( somethingsbach , ca n't remember the name ) used something like an american r. i 've heard this from two sources , one guy who said his grandfather talked that way , and another guy who recited a poem in sauerl\u00e4nder platt and used what sounds pretty much like an american r. i have never seen literature confirming this , but it sounds legit to me . 
  i was mostly joking about not being recognized as an anglophone though . 
  no one speaks the dialect in day to day life anymore . 
  i might see the poem guy tonight . 
  if i do i 'll ask where his family is from . 
   spend an afternoon walking through the streets of any big german city . 
  i walk through dortmund most every day . 
  there is a man with a bicycle who is constantly yelling about the end of the world and the lies of the church . 
  approximately one group of asis every block drinking heavily at all times of the day and generally being loud . 
  young people people being oblivious and loud and screaming constantly . 
  extra points because it 's christmas market season . 
  young men blasting hip hop out of their 3er . 
  the fucking people going to the stadium on the train with me good lord last time they brought a drum and an old boom box it was a 40 minute ride . 
  you do n't need musical accompaniment to sing heja bvb for chrissakes . 
  you know what all those people have in common ? 
  not brits or americans . 
  i 'm not saying germany as a whole is louder or quieter than any other particular place or group of people , but this implication that germans are especially `` calm '' and `` quiet '' just seems outlandish to me . 
  they 're people . 
  a lot of americans have this weird inferiority complex where they think europeans are more cultured or refined or something . 
  they 're people and do more or less the same shit we do . 
  ah yes , the `` obsession and assloads of cash '' method . 
  it works , no doubt there . 
   i immersed myself in german and tried to simulate being in germany . 
  that means : when i listened to music , it was only ever german music . 
  germans listen mostly to german music ? 
  for people reading who are not made of cash , focus on the obsession part . 
  it 's not the specifics of what op did that made them successful , but the amount of time and effort spent on the language . 
  you can see great results doing lr for that many hours a day for that long . 
  be proud of what you 're dialect actually says about you . 
  do n't worry about what other people think it says about you . 
  learn to resent people expecting you to speak the standard language . 
  if you see their bigotry for what it is when they expect you to speak a certain dialect , it 's easier to not care . 
  just do it . 
  it feels weird at first because you 're violating social norms . 
   i also feel the same way with english because a lot of people are n't aware that there are native english speakers in my country and do n't recognise my accent / dialect as that of a native speaker , so i also end up having to adjust my speech to not come across as speaking my own native languages poorly . 
  learn what people want to hear and play them for it when you have to . 
  job interview ? 
  situations where you 're not relying on the other person for sustenance ? 
  speak your native dialect . 
   but if you ca n't afford it , you can do language exchange partners where you teach them english in exchange for teaching german . 
  this doubles the amount of time spent for the amount of practice that you get , assuming that your exchanges go perfectly . 
  they usually do n't . 
  language exchanges are okay , but far less effective than what you 're talking about . 
   try not to be so nit picky , it takes away from discussion . 
  i just think it 's funny when learners try to be more [ german ] than [ germans ] . 
  i 'm also making fun of you and detracting from the conversation because if you were paying $ 30 a day for lessons , you were paying more than a lot of people make in a month . 
  the average salary in poland is $ 680 a month . 
  compare that to the $ 900 i 'm estimating from what you 've said you were paying . 
  nothing against you , but if people come here and think you were successful because of all the money , that 's demoralizing . 
  it 's important people realize that you can be a very successful language learner without paying more than twice the average income of places like russia or brazil every month . 
  that 's why i brought up the obsession and the amount of time you put into it .
