  starting sentences with `` there were '' or `` it was '' without a good reason is something writers should be aware of , and it makes sense to lump it with avoid the passive voice because the effect on the writing is similar . 
  i guess pullum can complain because they do n't strictly adhere to academic definitions , but as far as i 'm concerned different terms for different fields for different purposes is a very normal part of language use and not really badling . 
  here are the three wrongly identified passives , to maybe save someone the trouble of googling it . 
   `` there were a great number of dead leaves lying on the ground '', 
   `` it was not long before she was very sorry that she had said what she had '', 
   `` the reason that he left college was that his health became impaired . '', 
   claiming that it `` removes the subject '', 
  it can leave the subject unstated . 
  it also often removes it to the end of the sentence . 
   verbs come in two types , active and passive, 
  so if he had said sentences or phrases would that make it then not badling ? 
  this seems like an extremely small nit to pick , especially when his meaning would be clear to anyone who did n't study linguistics . 
   he equates passive voice to passive actions , which is inaccurate . 
  we 'd need a study to determine how using the passive voice affects the listeners/readers response to / interpretation of the action . 
  social constructs have been a thing since at least the seventies . 
  i associate it more with cultural studies than sociology ( just in terms of how important and talked about it is ) , but i studied around the same time as you and heard plenty about it . 
  this video is not available in my country . 
  am i missing anything grand ? 
  if it 's just a video version of that classic website that was reposted here recently , i 'll continue being too lazy to vpn it . 
  russian , ukrainian , and belorussian are all fairly intelligible . 
  same with polish and slovak/czech . 
  bcs languages are so intelligible they 're just one language for most purposes . 
  there 's some mutual intelligibility with slovenian as well . 
  bulgarian and macedonian are mutually intelligible , but i do n't think any other slavs find them particularly easy to understand . 
  between those four groups , there 's still a certain amount of intelligibility . 
  you 'll recognize words , but probably not be able to make out the important parts of what 's being said . 
  [ here 's a fun map of lexical distance . 
  ] ( https://alternativetransport.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/lexical-distance-among-the-languages-of-europe-2-1-mid-size.png ), 
  sozialwissenschaften are notably not usually considered geisteswissenschaften , though . 
  geisteswissenschaften is pretty much what we called humanities in college plus linguistics . 
  further down the page they give [ this hierarchy ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/geisteswissenschaft#wissenschaftsgliederung ) , which does not include it . 
  that 's by no means authoritative , but i also do n't normally hear sozialwissenschaften included in geisteswissenschaften . 
  \u9f99 is simplified chinese , based on the prc 's reforms . 
  \u7adc is the japanese version . 
  the traditional version ( taiwan/hk/a few more ) is \u9f8d , just to add another one to the mix . 
  labs , labs , and more labs . 
  i call them tennis shoes . 
  my dog has a crate in the house because in my experience , dogs like having a place to go to feel safe . 
  it also tends to stress them out less when traveling if they 're used to being in a crate . 
  my dog never really liked his . 
  he just sleeps on the bed . 
  in my experience , probably europeans . 
  for most germans , the americas are canada , the us , maybe mexico 's next , ... brazil 's over there somewhere . 
  argentina too , right ? 
  i lived in latin america for a while and they rarely have a clue where i 'm talking about . 
  there are also lots of people who are convinced the us has 51 or 52 or 40 or whatever states , and ca n't name more than five of them . 
  it 's not surprising they 'd assume it 's a state if they hear the person is from `` america '' . 
  it happens pretty often . 
  a lot of bigger universities have dorms for married couples . 
  i do n't have a number for you . 
  it 's not the norm , but it 's not anything i 'd consider too weird , either . 
  it also varies a lot by region and socioeconomic class of the students involved . 
  ! translated, 
  more than 75 % of them , but i have a lot more to do with europe in general and those three countries in particular than the vast majority of americans ( lived in two of them , good friends from the other ) . 
  lots of euiv does n't hurt , either . 
  i still maintain , though , that knowing american states is about as important as knowing countries in europe . 
  i 'd expect a well-educated person to be able to name and identify the most important countries in europe . 
  you know hardly anything about a whole continent if you do n't know any of the states . 
  it 's the level of knowledge about europe of an american who can only pick out the uk and italy . 
  it 's a part of the west germanic dialect continuum . 
  i thought it made sense in the context of the map . 
  i made it about 15 seconds into the comments before i had to stop . 
  so many people with no clue talking out of their ass . 
   you ca n't say the same for europe . 
  i do n't see why you 'd say all that about the us and canada and then not think the same about europe . 
  i also do n't see why you can be more familiar with american geography without knowing state names than european geography without knowing country names . 
  it 's not that i expect europeans to know all the states , it 's that i do n't expect americans to know the countries in europe . 
  european states and their identities are important to europeans , but outside europe it 's largely seen as one place . 
  no european country is as internationally important as the us , not even close . 
  the eu is a major economic player , but only knowing germany and france is the american equivalent of only knowing new york and california . 
   are you sure this is true ? 
  take a closer look . 
  and like you said , in english they refer to it as bavarian , and they make it clear at the beginning of the article where it 's spoken . 
   bavarian is a major group of upper german varieties spoken in the southeast of the german language area , largely covered by bavaria and austria . 
  it forms a continuum of more or less mutually intelligible local and regional variants . 
  here 's a map of bairisch from the ohtere 's link which clearly indicates where bavarian is spoken . 
  [ bairisches mundartsgebiet ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/bairisches_mundartgebiet.png ), 
  and another relvant quote about where bavarian is spoken . 
  i never thought about it much until i left the us . 
  now , most of the americans i meet are from the east coast , california , the pnw , and the odd big city in texas . 
  in my years in europe i 've met one other person that actually registers as what i always thought of as american ( talks like me , interacts like me , not a whiny good-for-nothing ; they were from tennessee ) . 
  i did n't realize the cultural gap was so big when i only knew people from the south , and mostly rural parts at that . 
  pnwers and yankees in particular are tough to be around sometimes because they 're just so damn smug . 
  maybe i meet a weird subsection of them in europe , but i 'd secede tomorrow if most of them are like that . 
  i saw americanness in some ways as what europe is not , because that was my frame of reference . 
  the more people i 've met , the more i think the `` coastal elites '' might as well be european as far as i can tell . 
  add in how much political , economic , and media power the coastal elites have in the us , and that 's how you get resentment . 
  coke is the generic term . 
  co ` cola is the red one with the polar bears . 
   mexico, 
  topless sunbathing is illegal in mexico , and if people are doing it , it 's a sign you 're in a place for foreigners . 
  it 's tolerated , not accepted . 
  you wo n't generally see women sunbathing topless at local beaches . 
  to answer your question , most americans see boobs as private parts . 
  that 's what makes it different than men . 
  as such , they should n't be displayed or seen in public . 
  whether or not it 's illegal depends on where you are . 
  not that i agree or particularly care one way or the other . 
  it 's just different cultural norms . 
  i do n't think there is any accent that is perceived more positively than the vaguely mid-western general american accent used in news .
