  i would recommend and least watching some with no english subs , if only because watching too many things with subs can inflate your perception of how much you understand . 
  one small correction , the german equivalent of `` one '' or the impersonal `` you '' is `` man '' , not `` mann '' . 
  sometimes people do try to be clever and write it as man ( n ) , though . 
  i had edited some in , but i 'll just put them here now . 
  \u6749\u6749\u6765\u4e86 - most recent romance i 've watched . 
  soap opera story , pretty good if you 're into that . 
  it 's also a bit slow , in a good way . 
  i 've found it easier to understand than most shows , but ymmv . 
  \u75de\u5b50\u82f1\u96c4 - police buddy cop show , really fun to watch , enough explosions to stay interested . 
  \u63ed\u79d8 ( disclosed ) - centers around a private investigator , story arcs generally last 1 to 3 episodes . 
  like \u75de\u5b50\u82f1\u96c4 , enough action to keep it exciting . 
   the term ` ye ' was originally used to a group of people , while ` you ' was applied to a single individual , both referring to the person being spoken to . 
  actually * ye * was the nominative case and * you * was the oblique case , both of the second person plural . 
  thou was the singular word for you . 
  it was the same all the way through , old to early modern . 
  i think that 's good advice , but i 'm personally too lazy to find versions of shows with no hardcoded subs most of the time . 
  sites like kankan and iqiyi are just too convenient . 
  if there 's an esperanto translation , i 'll read that . 
  it 's a very flexible language and does a relatively good job capturing the original except for portrayals of regional accents . 
  i 'll probably never learn czech to read the good soldier schwejk , but the esperanto translation is better than the english for the most part . 
  if there are any regional accents/dialects , i will never ever ever read a translation of it in german . 
  i 've seen what they did to mark twain . 
  they just translated all the non-standard verb tenses literally into german , which makes no sense because no one speaks german like that . 
  it sounded like a foreigner was speaking german , not someone uneducated . 
  i do like german translations of russian literature more than english most of the time . 
  greek and roman literature also has a lot of quality german translations , but i 'd rather just go to the source . 
  i pretty much do n't read anything in spanish unless it was written in spanish . 
  i read game of thrones in spanish , but it was just to practice . 
  i did n't really think the translation was anything special . 
  i generally only read translations of english language books for the sole purpose of studying , so i just read it in whatever language i 'm studying . 
  if i want to have fun reading , i 'll read it in the original or pick a good translation if i do n't know the original language , which means usually english or sometimes german or esperanto . 
  a lot of shows have both hardcoded , depending on where you get them from . 
  at this point i do n't really bother with looking for subs anymore . 
  i do n't use different sub strategies for the same show . 
  i just choose to watch something that already has english/chinese subs if i do n't feel like watching without for some reason . 
  i download from kankan , iqiyi , baiduing for thunder links , and asiatorrents . 
  i love that movie , and the sequel is even better in my opinion . 
  maybe that 's just because i 'm a bit partial to mandarin , i do n't know . 
  do you have the cantonese romanization or characters as subtitles as well ? 
  another thing that the other posters have n't touched on is answering a question about the past . 
  if someone asks if you did/have done something , yes can be \u6709 and no can be \u6ca1\u6709 \u3002, 
  have you been watching the world cup ? 
  yes . 
  the sequel is love in the buff . 
  i just thought because the movie was in cantonese , you might have the cantonese pinyin . 
  the sequel has a good bit of mandarin though . 
  the happiness report is horribly misnamed . 
  they 're analyzing normal qol metrics and calling it happiness . 
  i would be much more convinced by a study which analyzed how often people smile , or even self-reported surveys with things like `` how loved do you feel ? '', 
  this report included a bit of that , but who decided that gdp per capita , life expectancy , and perceived freedom equated to happiness ? 
  it 's just a really eurocentric take on what happiness is ( and i 'm not sure europeans are the experts on anything other people would consider happiness . ), 
  compare that list to [ this one ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/worlds-happiest-country-would-you-believe-paraguay-n110981 ) . 
  either way , i 've never seen any list of happiness that puts the us at the top . 
  we generally score a bit better than average . 
  i just wanted to clarify what your first link actually was . 
   in my country it is much less common to tell friends and family that you love them , does that mean we love each other less ? 
  no , but people may feel [ less loved ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2013/02/14/a-color-coded-map-of-the-countries-where-people-feel-the-most-and-least-loved/ ) because of it , which often contributes to unhappiness . 
  i agree with the cultural differences comment , and i think any attempt to quantify happiness will ultimately run into that problem . 
  what a german thinks happiness is and what a mexican thinks happiness is differ in a lot of ways . 
  i think the best way around this is self-reported happiness , but of course that brings its own problems with it . 
  euro-centrism is not limited to europeans . 
  i use kankan and iqiyi . 
  sometimes shows are available on one and not the other , or only one site has hd versions for download , etc. 
  the euro-centrism bit was targeted solely towards the metrics used in the graphs . 
  the comment about europeans not being happiness experts was an offhand reference to the impression many americans and latin americans get in europe that europeans never smile , complain a lot , are unfriendly , whatever . 
  it 's just cultural differences , but that was exactly my point . 
  any culturally specific study on happiness funded by the un seems a bit disingenuous to me , or at least poorly thought-out . 
  i 'm trying to figure out where the race between the us and europe idea is coming from so i can respond to it , but i do n't really see it . 
  if anything i lump the usa in with europe because dominant anglo-american culture shares more values with europe than not . 
  we even share the time-honored tradition of either consciously imposing our values on people , or in this case , just kind of acting like we are the norm . 
  if you mean i thought it was a happiness race , no way . 
  people all have their ideas about what happiness is and that 's great . 
  my family in germany probably ca n't imagine how many people in bumfuck alabama can be happy because we have a high crime rate and no bakeries , pedestrian zones , or good health insurance in the same way i ca n't imagine them being happy because they never smile and complain all the time . 
  i just think a study from an international organization should have been a bit better about dealing with this bias , or at least explicitly recognizing it . 
  hehe , that attempt at being non-partisan did n't last very long . 
  an important step to cooperating in a non-partisan way is not telling other people their socialism is n't real . 
  just something to keep in mind next time you decide leftists are too fractious and want to fix it . 
  i agree . 
  is that what mrcookie484 did ? 
  because i read `` the bolshevik revolutions did n't really succeed in implementing socialism at all . '', 
  which is n't a critique of the problems in the ussr , it 's dismissing it outright . 
  this formal use seems limited to retail , though . 
  the professor-student example could be a case of multiple people in the class being sick . 
  it could be a singular , but there are better explanations . 
  outside of retail , using y' all when speaking only to me generally implies that you 're more friendly with me and are asking about me and my family . 
  it would be weird if a stranger or acquaintance singular y' all-ed me . 
  but i do agree that there is a retail singular y' all that happens . 
  maybe it 's just the first step in developing a t-v distinction . 
  reformism is n't necessarily the same as not being an accelerationist . 
  i would rather fight for revolution with healthcare , jobs , and housing than without it . 
  5 at b2 , definitely . 
  that 's generally good enough to work in the language , watch movies , talk to people without them getting frustrated , etc. 
  and that means the skills can only go up from there . 
  a2 is n't really that useful outside of making it easier to get around when traveling . 
  c2 is better than most people need . 
  at b2 it might be uncomfortable sometimes living and working in the language , but i very rarely run into situations that i ca n't handle in spanish or german and i 'm definitely not c2 . 
  to quote from [ wikibooks ] ( http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/chinese_%28mandarin%29/using_tones#pronouncing_the_tones ) :, 
   some syllables do n't have a tone and carry no tone mark . 
  they are not stressed , and they take their tone from the syllable before them :, 
  if it follows a first - or second-tone syllable , then the toneless syllable is mid-range .
