  guess we better shoot the japanese for asking our plane that strayed into their airspace to change course . 
  so is flying into enemy airspace and refusing to leave or divert course when they ask nicely like 10 times . 
  i did n't make an effort study german grammar until i was already quite communicative and felt like i needed to nail down a couple of things . 
  same thing with chinese , though it 's not as good as my german . 
  learning chunks of the language as opposed to words and grammar mostly eliminates the need to study grammar . 
  we 're also way more capable than babies of both studying grammar explicitly and recognizing the patterns . 
  the only thing we 're really worse at is pronunciation . 
  misunderstanding is a natural part of learning to understand correctly , in my opinion , whether you 're studying explicitly or just getting a feel for it . 
  some of the situations where misunderstanding has caused problems for me in real life are burned into my brain , and probably more i do n't even remember . 
  i would recommend studying grammar if you have trouble making sense of sentences . 
  if it all seems fairly straightforward to you , might as well wait until you have trouble . 
   for 99 % of people , it 's going to be impossible to get a well paid job that involves their language learning . 
  i think this is just as bad as the advice you 're disagreeing with . 
  it depends entirely on your situation . 
  i 'm in germany . 
  a lot of the people i know here are foreigners . 
  we pretty much all have better jobs than we would at home because we speak german . 
  learning german and moving to germany is a very common way to get a better job if you 're from a poorer area . 
  if you live in kansas and do n't want to move , learning a foreign language will not be that likely to help you . 
  not amazing , but okay to learn the basics . 
  if people do n't like it , they should definitely drop it . 
  there are plenty of resources for most major languages , duolingo is just one . 
  i used the vietnamese course recently because i was having trouble figuring out some stuff in the glossika course by myself , and i found it useful . 
  if it were easier to google vietnamese grammar i would have just done that , though . 
  a while back germany had a problem with a bunch of refugees they 'd registered trying to go to sweden because they heard it was nicer . 
  which would n't have been a problem if they were n't already registered in germany , but still . 
  the grass is always greener , i guess . 
  if you have to leave your home behind , might as well go big . 
  i agree completely . 
  the situation 's been getting worse , they 've extended the maximum stay in some camps from 3 to 6 months because they 've got too much to deal with , and things in general are kind of shitty for refugees . 
  there are a lot of germans doing their best , but germany just was n't ready for a migration of this size at an administrative level . 
  that 's not to say there are n't plenty refugees with shitty attitudes , but wanting to go somewhere better is completely understandable . 
  as far as it 's possible to know something like that from post history , that looks about right . 
  i would n't be surprised if op is communicative enough to pass fce ( b2 ) despite some grammar issues in writing . 
  sometimes their writing looks very natural , so they obviously have a lot of exposure , but there are mistakes that i would n't expect from a b2 speaker . 
  a solid range of expression and being comfortable in conversations trumps mediocre grammar every time , though . 
  ps : op , the best thing to do is get a practice exam and do it . 
  i 'd recommend you grab an old fce exam from the internet somewhere . 
  if it 's too hard , get pet , if it 's too easy , get cae . 
  grade yourself on the things you can , and get your writing checked somewhere like lang-8 . 
  that 's about the best idea you can get without actually taking the test . 
  not so much diarrhea , but i responded to iron pills with awful , lay-me-out-on-the-floor cramps , so i had to stop taking them . 
  \u6211\u5b78\u6f22\u8a9e\u4e09\u5e74\u4e86 \u3002 = i have been learning chinese for three years . 
  \u6211\u5011\u7d50\u5a5a\u5df2\u7d93\u4e03\u5e74\u4e86 \u3002 = we 've been married for seven years . 
  a duration always goes towards the end of a sentence , usually with \u4e86 if it 's still going on . 
  check [ here ] ( http://tatoeba.org/eng/sentences/search?query=have+been+*+for&amp;from=eng&amp;to=cmn ) for more examples . 
  edit : since you 're new , i just realized you probably need pinyin . 
  here 's a tip that helps you if you do n't know it already while allowing me to be lazy : get perapera chinese . 
  you can mouse over words and see the pinyin immediately . 
  you can also set it to show the definitions if you want to , but that might be a little too easy mode . 
  edit2 : you 'll get more and generally better answers from / r/chineselanguage . 
  it 's got about three times as many people as here . 
  mi demandus [ \u0109i tie ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/jalagi.gawonihisdi/ ) . 
   wv has a rather unique and very violent history when it comes to corporate rape of the citizenry . 
  not the least of which is the [ battle of blair mountain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blair_mountain ) , where the government and coal companies literally bombed miners for trying to unionize . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what `` be good for your mother '' means without context . 
  \u70ba can work , like xindas said . 
  another similar concept is that \u5c0d + someone + \u597d means to be good to someone , as in to treat someone well . 
  for example \u5c0d\u4f60\u5abd\u597d\u9ede means `` be nicer to your mother '' . 
   literally hundreds, 
  if you 're just starting out and already uninterested that 's not a good sign ; ), 
  chinese initially interested me because i wanted to understand a different way of thinking and fundamental set of values . 
  i also thought it would help me understand language in general better to learn something so completely different from a language i knew . 
  i stuck with it because i enjoyed learning characters . 
  i still enjoy and use it because i , for some reason , actually like a lot of chinese-language tv shows and movies ; i 'm finding more and more books i enjoy as well . 
  plus i end up wasting time on the chinese internet a lot . 
  most important chinese literature and religious/philosophical texts are n't in mandarin , so that 's a bit of a downer . 
  no , i mean it 's in \u53e4\u6587 . 
   japanese nibs run finer that western ones, 
  twsbi is taiwanese though , is n't it ? 
  i figured they ran about the same . 
  and they do , at least as far as i can tell from the [ nib nook ] ( http://www.gouletpens.com/nib-nook ) . 
  though to be fair i 'm not very good at telling the difference from pictures . 
  i agree with what you said except for the `` can study by themselves '' part . 
  maybe it was just my school ( t88 reporting in ) , but my students were awful studiers . 
  they could do it for a long time , but at that age i could have learned or memorized twice as much in half the time . 
  and that 's no testament to my study skills , which were pretty average for an american student who plans on going to college . 
  but i guess there 's no need to be efficient when you have to study six hours a day after class no matter how much you actually learn . 
  ah , i did n't know that , thanks . 
  [ this book ] ( http://www.green-woodpress.com/products_detail.php?id=102 ) is pretty close to what you want . 
  it 's made for cantonese-speaking abcs who want to learn written chinese . 
  now , this is formal written chinese , i.e. 
  based on mandarin , but they 're teaching it with cantonese pronunciation and comparing and contrasting grammar and vocab with spoken cantonese . 
  it might not be exactly what you want but you might want to check it out . 
  in germany , it 's mostly the older people who are resentful . 
  they 've spent thirty years working in german and have better things to do than learn english , but their company got bought by americans or something and now they 're being forced to take classes . 
  the higher their position , the more likely they are to feel this way in my experience . 
  combine this with negative feelings toward american imperialism or feeling entitled to speak german in their own country . 
  and now seeing how the number of foreigners in germany has spiked in the last ten years and all the changes that 's brought ? 
  yeah , i get resentful students sometimes . 
  not often , but it happens . 
  no time soon . 
  ask again in a couple of years . 
  correcting students for using american words instead of british or vice versa seems like a jerk thing to do . 
  if the student learns something from another dialect outside of class , power to them . 
  it feels like this is more a theological disagreement between you and the person giving the sermon than bad religion . 
  saying something is the only path to god is divisive . 
  does n't mean it 's wrong , but it 's divisive nonetheless . 
  the thing is , the divisiveness of a statement does n't have anything to do with the validity of a statement itself , or if it does , it needs to be more clearly explained . 
  i do n't like the reverend 's argument regardless , but like another poster said , it seems more like bad theology than bad religion .
