  since when is gyoza chinese ? 
  i 'm so angry they put this fake language on duolingo instead of what * i * wanted . 
  how dare they !, 
  now i 'll never be able to learn a more useful language . 
  thanks duo . 
  yeah , if they were trying to make this joke , then it 's an anachronism . 
  i think the explanation that it 's an american trying to pronounce a german word is a lot more likely . 
   how do they compare with teenagers of less well off parents ? 
  not favorably . 
   can we assume they 're shining examples of politeness ? 
  who has to assume ? 
   or are many teenagers a bit inconsiderate , some worse than others ,, 
  yes , that 's completely true . 
   and you just have a bit of a chip on your shoulder ? 
  for thinking rich kids tend to act entitled ? 
  that 's not exactly a news flash . 
  stress is about as unpredictable as english , if you 've learned that . 
  the stress shifting with cases is mostly predictable though , right ? 
  / r/europe is about as hostile to anything euroskeptic as / r/politics is to people who do n't conform to their liberal ideology . 
  / r/estadosunidos, 
  in seriousness though , americans are all over reddit . 
  we do n't need a place because everywhere is our place . 
   i noticed there 's no room in your argument for what happens after the cops find out who was in the car, 
  there 's a bit in dave chapelle 's new stand-up on netflix about how cops treat him . 
  as usual there are some insightful comments on race in the routine . 
  i get less hassle from the police . 
  my forebears were landowners . 
  those are both white privilege . 
  in practice , there 's a whole lot of white and not much privilege in rural alabama . 
  the problem is that leaving people free to self-segregate leads to segregation extremely often . 
  you can make it illegal to have policies promoting segregation , but if you do n't actively try to desegregate , you end up with a black school and a white school just like you had before . 
  i agree with both of your lines , but the problem is that this is one of those issues you 've got ta kind of pick a side on : implicit support of segregation or social engineering to desegregate . 
  the useful bits of fluent forever are all compilations of advice you can find online , and the rest are personal touches that are nothing more than the preference of the author . 
  do n't worry about not being able to find it . 
   read articles/literature as normal, 
  basically yes , but you 'll thank yourself for picking easier articles . 
   add new words to a custom deck as soon as they 're come across, 
  three things . 
  one , add the sentences to the deck as well . 
  i personally use mcd cards not only because they 're effective , but also because i can make them much faster . 
  just copy a paragraph and cloze out the words you do n't know . 
  there are other good setups , but you 'll probably end up kicking yourself if you do n't at least put the sentences on the back or something . 
  two . 
  there are faster ways to do this than doing by hand . 
  you can read the articles or books in something like readlang or lwt and then export the vocab you clicked on to anki in whatever format you want . 
  it 's not necessary of course , but i just wanted to point out that it 's an option . 
  three . 
  if you 're a beginner or low intermediate and you 're adding every word you come across , it might get overwhelming . 
  do n't be afraid to hit the suspend button on cards that are above your level . 
  they 'll still be there six months or a year from now . 
   put new cards before reviews, 
  that 's a personal preference thing . 
  i do n't , because i always finish my cards for the day and like having the new cards mixed up with the old ones . 
  also note , using anki with reading materials is just one of many ways to use anki , but since that 's what you seem interested in , i tried not to go off on too many tangents . 
  anything that rules for a century will result in most all of the ills that people complain about . 
  when you define progressives as the pro-banking party of the wealthy and educated that the democrats in the us are , of course they 're responsible for tons of problems . 
  they 're also the biggest supporters of neo-liberalism at this point . 
  oh , i do n't put all the blame on them at all . 
  that 's why i said `` at this point . '', 
   socialism or babarism are our only options in this collapse . 
  fascism has a pretty good track record for maintaining stability when they do n't start wars , as well . 
  in the interest of playing devil 's advocate , estado novo is n't associated with any genocides that i 'm aware of , and the white terror in francoist spain targeted political opponents , much like violence in early revolutionary russia . 
  is fascism barbaric ? 
  yes , but it 's by no means the most barbaric result of an impending collapse i can think of . 
  i 'd love a future more like star trek , but since the conditions often do n't exist for a successful socialist movement in developed countries , i 'll take a fascist over a neoliberal any day . 
  as far as programs go , duolingo is already one of the better ones out there despite its problems . 
  i ca n't think of any better course in the form of a program . 
  have you tried memrise ? 
  do you want a textbook ? 
  it 's way better than any online program you 'll find . 
   harry potter, 
  and here 's metro 2033 for good measure . 
  russian influence in elections . 
  clinton . 
  obama . 
  being offended . 
  high school : 120 students, 
  college : 1100 students, 
  i have no idea about all the others . 
  i 've slept way too much since then . 
   that they should n't be out in public ? 
  i have n't seen any movements to keep transgender people out of public . 
   that they should n't be given jobs so long as they 're being treated, 
  some people are so depressed it interferes with work . 
  if the company notices and chooses not to hire that person , that 's kind of their prerogative . 
  same issue with trans people . 
  same issue with anyone , really . 
  i 100 % want trans people to be able to go about their business and live their lives , but i do n't really see what government-given rights they 're missing out on at the moment . 
  good writers need to learn how to use the active and passive voice to get the results they want . 
  this is one author 's opinion about passive verbs . 
  he 's not saying they 're wrong , just that they 're bad style ; and this is badlinguistics , not badwritingadvice . 
  even so , i 've heard much worse advice . 
   linguists , such as geoffrey pullum , see the elements of style as inaccurate ; some see it as contributing to bland writing . 
  the link to pullum 's article on the site you linked is dead , so i ca n't see exactly what he said . 
  it seems weird to call strunk and white `` inaccurate , '' though . 
  it 's a style guide . 
  you can agree or disagree , but what they do has very little in common with a grammar written by a linguist and should n't be judged as one . 
  that does n't mean it 's wrong , it just has different goals . 
  again though , those three sentences are n't passive because of some linguistic quality . 
  they 're passive because they take focus off of the actor in some way .
