  how does it interact with those verbs that go after other verbs ? 
  like 90 % of my chinese grammar knowledge is just having a feel for it , because even if i did have the language to describe what i need to know , i would n't be able to find out without looking through a bunch of example sentences anyway . 
  memorizing a thousand forms of greek verbs was way easier . 
   a 5 year old is more fluent than you for sure . 
  adults are expected to be a lot more than just fluent , though . 
  even compared to adults with low levels of education , 5-year-olds are terribly incompetent language users . 
  this is all light-hearted , but there are really people out there who buy into this idea that kids are super language learners . 
  i would n't trade my adult ll skills for a kid 's in a million years . 
  we can learn way more , way more quickly , with a slightly worse accent . 
  as laggindragon said , it 's called [ laddering ] ( http://www.alljapaneseallthetime.com/blog/how-to-learn-multiple-languages-without-getting-confused-the-laddering-method/ ) . 
  i 've never personally found it to be something worth doing on purpose , but if i find good resources in a non-native language , i use them . 
  supposedly it 's useful for practicing and reinforcing one language while learning another and helping keep similar languages separated , even though laggindragon seems to think it would make it worse . 
  the only time i 've done most of a language through laddering was portuguese . 
  i just worked through the assimil book from spanish real quick , and having the two languages right next to each other made it easier to pick out the differences at the beginning . 
  i never really took it further , so i do n't know how useful it is over a longer period of time . 
  the most recent study i saw showed that about 60 % of americans still distinguish caught and cot , but if you 're youngerish or from certain areas it 's entirely possible the majority of people you interact with do n't distinguish them . 
  when i learned standard english i learned to pronounce them the same , but there are still people who think it sounds weird . 
  also , pin and pen are both pronounced like pin , same with tin and ten ( tin ) , and most any e sound before an n. for example , i pronounce end as in and center as sinner . 
  it 's a very common feature of southern accents , but apparently it 's found in some other places as well . 
   use right hand rule, 
  this does n't exist in the us . 
  it 's one of the biggest new rules i had to learn driving in europe . 
  it drove me crazy . 
  like others have said , the person who gets to the stop sign first goes first , but you have to stop no matter what . 
  it 's pretty common that people are n't sure who was there first , so the waving thing happens among americans pretty often too . 
  i still find the idea of a toilet brush to be used by multiple people weird . 
  i do n't know why , i just do . 
  i do n't remember seeing them outside of the house when i was growing up . 
  the speed depends a lot on where you are , too . 
  people meandering around the interstate near chattanooga do n't drive nearly as fast as anywhere near dallas . 
  75 is a pretty safe bet . 
  the best thing to do is just find a group of vehicles going at a speed you 're comfortable with and tag along significantly behind them . 
  better than playing chicken in the intersection . 
  a turkish girl stayed with some people down the road . 
  she asked to move because they did n't have an indoor bathroom . 
  a korean got asked to prom by a black guy and the host family made a big stink out of it . 
  i think she ended up going home early ( as an alabamian , let me use this opportunity to say thank god this was in mississippi ) . 
  a czech woman i know went to nebraska or something and was taken aback by the redneckness of it all , but she ended up learning a lot and understands america better than anyone i 've talked to who has n't lived there long-term . 
  it 's super refreshing to meet europeans who understand some of why our politics are the way they are without being condescending about it . 
  having personal connections with non-urban americans is really good for that . 
  i 've known a couple of german girls who came . 
  both of them ended up falling in love with the place and marrying locals . 
  the german guys i 've known have all treated it more like a big vacation . 
  one of them stayed on to play collegiate soccer and was enjoying himself last i heard . 
  the `` it was a bunch of pissed-off terrorists '' explanation seems a lot simpler and more believable to me . 
  true , true . 
  i guess i was just thinking that it pretty much never comes up compared to europe . 
  everyone i know in germany calls it a pferd ( horse ) , not a springer ( jumper ) . 
  same thing when i play with poles , it 's ko\u0144 ( horse , my spelling could be off ) , not whatever that is on the map . 
  i do n't know if these are regional differences or what , but it makes me question the maps a bit . 
  s\u00fcdwestfalen . 
  i 'm not a native speaker , that 's just what the guys i play with call it . 
  some of them are locals , some retirees from dortmund . 
  i only play with old people and foreigners , so that makes sense . 
  the northern part of yellowstone national park . 
  i 've been there four times and mostly just sit around looking for bears and wolves whatever happens to be around as long as i can make the vacation last . 
  there 's beautiful scenery and a chance to watch animals doing their thing in nature . 
  it does n't get any better than that for me . 
  another commenter 's suggestion that it might be an age thing makes a lot of sense to me . 
  the german germans i play with are pretty much all  60 years old and the rest are poles . 
  it 's also just people from around the neighborhood , not clubs or anything remotely official , so that could have something to do with it as well . 
  any sources in particular you recommend ? 
  all the \u041a\u043e\u0440\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043f\u043e\u043d\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0442 articles have this bizarre \u041d\u0430\u043f\u043e\u043c\u043d\u0438\u043c , let 's remind you of something to tell you how to feel about this news at the end of the article . 
  i want to try reading \u041d\u043e\u0432\u0430\u044f \u0433\u0430\u0437\u0435\u0442\u0430 too , but i ca n't find an rss feed to subscribe to and i 'm lazy about going to different sites . 
  do n't go out like stringbean . 
  put it in the freezer instead . 
  the last sentence of korrespondent.net ( i did n't realize there were others , sorry ) articles always start with \u041d\u0430\u043f\u043e\u043c\u043d\u0438\u043c and then add some caveat . 
  like in [ this article ] ( http://korrespondent.net/world/3878852-smy-nazvaly-makrona-samym-vlyiatelnym-chelovekom-mladshe-40-let ) , for example . 
  in this case they start the sentence with \u041e\u0442\u043c\u0435\u0442\u0438\u043c , but it 's the same formula . 
  i just mentioned it because i 'm not used to seeing this formula in articles from other languages , and i was n't sure if it was a russian news thing or a korrespondent.net thing . 
  i 'm interested in all kinds of news , so any good content with minimal propaganda and hidden ads would be good . 
  politics , economics , geopolitics , technology , diplomacy , you name it . 
  thanks for the help , by the way . 
  i 'm just getting into reading the news and do n't really know much about the media landscape in the russian-speaking world . 
  wow , this looks amazing . 
  there seem to be tons of good articles on here , lots of data . 
  the other sources look a lot better than what i 've been reading , too . 
  mel in particular is surprisingly easy to read . 
  the quality of my russian news-reading time has just skyrocketed , thanks again . 
  i do n't think one is significantly easier than the other for english speakers in general , but you might personally find one easier . 
  korean has a big advantage in that it uses an alphabet you can learn in a day . 
  japanese requires learning  2000 characters , chinese ~ 5000 , but korean does n't really require learning more than 40 characters for the vast majority of what you want to do . 
  the downside is that korean phonology is probably the most difficult of the three for an english speaker . 
  korean grammar is more complex than japanese grammar by almost any metric , and unless you struggle with isolating languages , you 'll probably think it 's a lot harder than chinese grammar , too . 
  japanese phonology is the easiest of the three . 
  the grammar is a lot like korean , just slightly less complex . 
  the japanese writing system is a beast , though . 
  you have to learn at least a couple thousand characters , but in reality it feels like more because you often ca n't predict the pronunciation of the characters unless you know the pronunciation of the word it 's being used in . 
  you have to learn more characters for chinese , but the pronunciation of compound words is usually pretty straightforward . 
  if you 're afraid of grammatical particles , conjugations , and honorifics , you 'll probably find chinese easier . 
  the grammar is almost completely isolating . 
  word order is everything . 
  chinese is also the odd language out of the three . 
  japanese and korean may not be related , but they have a lot of similarities from the perspective of a language learner . 
  chinese is very different . 
  the writing system is a grind , but after 500 or 1000 characters it gets a lot easier because you start to get comfortable with the pieces . 
  chinese phonology is n't as complex as korean , but it 's just as foreign , and tones are a real show-stopper for some learners . 
  overall you 'll still probably have an easier time pronouncing chinese than korean unless you have a really severe block about tones . 
  tl ; dr afraid of morphology , chinese is easiest . 
  afraid of pronunciation , japanese is easiest .
