  i do n't condone riots , but i understand why they happen and recognize that they have been a force for change in some circumstances ( stonewall , arab spring , etc. ), 
  i have bluestacks for the sole purpose of running pleco . 
  now that nciku 's gone , i do n't really know what could come close :(, 
  mdbg.net has animated characters that show proper stroke order , but not for more uncommon characters , unfortunately . 
  definitely french audio . 
  i would recommend french subs over english , but still . 
  there 's no reason to practice listening to a language you already know . 
  that 's assuming french is your l2 , of course . 
  yeah , i would have guessed the people who put up signs for that store were n't very original . 
  it 's a fact that black people have a higher incarceration rate than white people . 
  that fact can be used to make the case that black people are inherently criminal , or it can be used to point out that our justice system is flawed and structural racism is a real problem . 
  either way , the way it 's presented makes it more than just a fact . 
  whether or not white people rioted about oj is yes/no question , but the presentation of that sign ( or any of them ) is definitely not `` just stating the facts . '', 
  l2 means the language you 're learning . 
  my point was that the way facts are presented makes them not `` just facts . '', 
  the way people try to hide their ( often unsavory ) views behind being `` objective '' makes this a very serious issue . 
   if the sign said `` in recent us history black people have roited a lot and thus as a white person you need to buy a gun to protect yourself '' , you would have a point . 
  what point did you think i was making that this would be relevant to ? 
  i was n't trying to address your claim that the sign was n't racist at all . 
   it is just stating a fact . 
  for you to convince me that the sign is just stating facts , i would need you to show that the sign is unbiased . 
  would you like to try ? 
  i 'm also open to arguments that i ca n't think of , but none of what you wrote seems relevant to me . 
  could you make the connection ? 
  edit : i 'm approaching this with the assumption that `` just stating facts '' implies some degree of objectivity . 
   the presenter here ( the person that put up the sign ) is leaving the viewer to make a conclusion . 
  i would argue that the presenter is leading the viewer towards a certain conclusion by a biased presentation of facts . 
   facts ca n't be biased . 
  facts either `` are '' or `` are not '' . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  the presentation of facts can be and usually is biased . 
   a fact of life is there are just something that if we really care about people will make us feel uncomfortable . 
  i does n't make me uncomfortable at all . 
  if i were at all conflicted about it maybe i would , but it 's a running joke in my ( conservative ) family , i make fun of this publicly and let everyone know what i think about it , and that 's it . 
  no need to let people make me feel uncomfortable . 
   that may sound reasonable like i just put it but it 's very very to saying `` blacks are ignorant and none of them know their fathers '', 
  family structure in black communities is an important issue , but like anything else , the context ( and speaker ) can make it seem racist or like a legitimate discussion . 
  you 're still not really engaging with my key point that the way facts are presented can be biased . 
  i do n't disagree that facts `` are '' or `` are not '' , but you do n't really dispute my claim that the way we use them is biased . 
   i have approached middle age, 
  when you brought up postmodernism in a baffling situation , i knew then  i hate postmodernism , but that does n't mean people do n't use facts in a certain way to further their own agenda . 
  i 'm from small town alabama . 
  i have also lived in different parts of europe and latin america ( never lived outside of the south within the us , so maybe the situation is actually better there ) . 
  the proportion of ignorant people who say bigoted things has n't changed much anywhere i 've been . 
  there are huge structural issues here , but on a personal level , i have n't found alabamians to be particularly racist . 
   i 'm not of the school which believes that what the most people say is correct by definition . 
  this is n't really a matter of opinion or what `` school '' you 're of . 
   especially not in this time of declining educational standards, 
  which people educated in the past have you been talking to ? 
  you really think the average 70-year-old is as educated as the average 30-year-old ? 
  cantonese is a variety of yue , which is down there in the southern part of the country . 
  why do you feel this is a problem ? 
  as far as i know , this is completely natural . 
   of course it is . 
  those schools ' names are `` descriptivists '' and `` prescriptivists . '', 
  evolutionists and creationists are also differing schools of thought on an issue , but that does n't mean they are both legitimate viewpoints . 
   and lots of people believing otherwise does n't make it correct . 
  what does make something correct or incorrect ? 
  who established the `` set meanings '' and `` correct usages '' ? 
   maybe not in the spheres of science and technology , the states of whose arts are in constant advance . 
  but in terms of linguistic matters such as grammar , syntax , spelling , and most relevantly , usage , definitely . 
  and it 's the latter that we 're talking about . 
  i certainly understood your original comment to be talking about declining educational standards , not declining educational standards in one small area . 
  i ca n't imagine i was the only one who took it that way . 
  besides conforming to your view of what correct english is , are there any other ways you think people going through schools today are less educated ? 
   one , primary and secondary educational standards were higher when the average 70-year-old ( graduating high school in 1962 ) was in primary and secondary education than they were when the average 30-year-old ( graduating in 2002 ) was . 
  citation needed, 
   two , rates of recreational reading have been far higher during the lifetime of the typical 70-year-old than they 've been during the lifetime of the typical 30-year-old . 
  i 'm not an expert on this , but i 'd be interested in how we 're defining `` recreational reading . '', 
  i find it hard to understand why there is so much content on the internet if people these days are n't doing quite a bit of recreational reading . 
   ahh , the arrogance of youth !, 
   because there is this thing called `` dialect '' . 
  looking for the expression with the most hits , we are going to be finding what is most common in the largest or most commonly used dialects , so that should n't be a problem . 
  if you do n't have a specific reason to look for something in a particular dialect , using the biggest one is rarely a bad idea . 
  seems like americans have an even stronger preference for with . 
  `` enamored with '' -  820,000, 
  `` enamored of '' -  531,000, 
  `` enamored by '' -  437,000, 
  i was getting more of a sends-out - / r/forwardsfromgrandma vibe , especially after the sources about the decline of american morals and phyllis schlafly . 
  i 'm not at all . 
  i just thought it would be fun to see how the google results compared using the american spelling compared to the british , and i figured the people using the american spelling are more likely americans . 
  `` people using american english '' would have been the most precise choice , i think . 
  at university , we were reading after two semesters . 
  after that , we only had one greek `` reading '' class per semester , from sophomores to seniors , so it was all over the place : third semester lysias , fourth homer , fifth plato , etc. 
  i 'd say i was putting in about 8-10 hours a week for the first two semesters including class time , but when we started reading authentic texts third semester i had to crank it up a bit . 
  like another poster said , taking the savings of working people is n't something socialists are interested in . 
  i would cap inheritance , but that would n't affect the average working family . 
  sure , why not . 
  as long as you worked for it . 
  everyone should be guaranteed a dignified funeral , but if people want to use money to hire a 5 piece band or something , i do n't see why they could n't . 
  see number 3 . 
  this is n't really something i ever see socialists worrying about , and to be honest it seems really trivial ( except the inheritance bit ) . 
  if these are the questions we 're fighting about after revolution , that 'd be alright with me . 
   my argument is if it 's my hard earned cash, 
  i agree with / u/tacos _ 4_all 's critique of this idea . 
  oh , it 's not that i did n't enjoy it more after i started reading . 
  the first two semesters we used hansen and quinn 's greek : an intensive course . 
  i felt confident about the grammar , but either through fault of the book or my own , my vocab was woefully unprepared to deal with greek that had n't been watered down or carefully selected . 
  if i kept taking greek because i liked greek i , greek 3 made me 100 % sure i loved it , but i was spending about two hours a night reading . 
  i could n't afford to not look up words , like i would do with a language i was n't studying in school .
