  i like mexican , korean , thai , chinese -- food with flavor . 
  there are some dishes i like , but i 'm overall very unenthused . 
  i was expecting the same from poland . 
  but poland does the meaty , savory thing perfectly . 
  no matter where i ate , i got a good , hearty meal that left me full and happy . 
  and the baked goods are the best in europe , probably my favorite in the world . 
  if i could never eat another cake again , i 'd want it to be the poppyseed cake i had in poland . 
  so delicious . 
  the other thing that surprised me was the roads . 
  poland really should have splurged and gotten some germans to design their roads . 
  the layouts make no sense , the interchanges are maximally inefficient , and i generally got the impression that there had been a very minimal amount of central planning put into the road system . 
  even compared to the roads in places like the czech republic and slovakia , the polish roads were just a pain . 
   firing on an abusive central government did n't take away from ones status as an american because nothing is more american than resisting abusive central government, 
  i think this is the core of why we do n't see them as traitors . 
  i do n't sympathize with the ideals of the confederacy , but fighting against a government you think is oppressive is one of the most american things you can do . 
  also , as much as i hate all the revisionism about how the conflict was n't about slavery , oversimplifying the other direction does n't help anyone either . 
  i have more former slaves than slave owners in my family tree , and my ancestors still chose to fight . 
  i do n't know why . 
  the one piece of evidence i have that gives any explanation whatsoever was so that he could serve his state . 
  if , god forbid , it came to warfare again , there 's no way i would fight against the south or not defend it from invaders . 
  i imagine lots of men felt the same way . 
  i can view these men patriots fighting for their homeland while also disagreeing vehemently with the slavery they were fighting for . 
  also , you 're a racist . 
  lithuanian sounds like the love child of ancient greek and russian to me . 
  i 've always liked how the pitch accent makes it sound and kind of hear ancient greek sounding that way in my head . 
  it 's called the [ mid-atlantic accent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mid-atlantic_accent ) . 
  i 've had a similar discussion with someone else , but i do n't really see it . 
  i never had a problem figuring out who was saying what and appreciated the added character more than whatever was lost compared to thompson . 
  i 'm also more likely to be frustrated by readers overdoing voices than i am to be frustrated by the lack of voices . 
  the audiobook of blindsight is one of the most monotone affairs i 've ever listened to but it did n't bother me at all . 
  i did n't even notice until a friend started complaining about it . 
  everyone has their preferences , i guess . 
  it 's always open , it always tastes good , the menu is idiot/drunk-proof , and it 's cheap . 
  cherokee , hands down . 
  6 tones that have lexical and grammatical functions , polysynthetic verbs that inflect for the shape of the object . 
  it 's really interesting , but no other language i 've studied can hold a candle to the difficulty . 
  i 've heard other languages like navajo are similarly difficult , but i would n't know . 
  mandarin is definitely on the top tier of most difficult major languages in my opinion . 
  i 'll never get the people who learn it to a high level from scratch and still maintain that the grammar was easy . 
  i spent a year studying hungarian and would take that over chinese any day of the week . 
  it 's not exactly a mystery why . 
  they stare because you look different . 
  they treat you like a zoo exhibit because they lack empathy . 
  english summary :, 
  a tourist rolled down his window to feed a bear. , which is very clearly against the rules . 
  the bear poked his head in the car , the driver could n't get the window up , and the bear bit his arm . 
  the tourist got free by driving off . 
  you 're always so helpful ( and correct ) here that my first reaction is to believe you , but the second one just sounds really weird to me . 
  i do n't pretend to understand the whys and hows of german grammar , but surely the second example has to be `` heute ist es hei\u00df '' instead of `` heute es ist hei\u00df '' . 
  critical of the government , yes , but not critical of the system of liberal democracy . 
  xinhua is propaganda , but the major networks in the us are n't much better . 
  the propaganda is just less visible unless you do n't accept the superiority if liberal democracy , which 99 % of westerners do . 
  it looks different because we can separate our government from our faith in our system of governance . 
   you are the victim of ccp propaganda , period . 
  that 's a bit presumptuous . 
  the fact that american media is biased may be the only thing i agree with the ccp about . 
  i 'm open to having my views challenged , but just listing off some programs i 'm already familiar with is n't going to do the trick . 
  i read news from the us , germany , russia , and china every day . 
  also latin america , but i do n't find them worth reading that often . 
  i think they 're all biased shit , but germany pretends to try more than the others . 
  outlets that question the fundamental assumptions of the order of their societies are rare and , somehow , tend to be even more biased because their readership is defined by their opposition . 
  glossika 's great , but there 's no good excuse for these kinds of mistakes . 
  just curious , are you using the most recent version of the german course ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the progression of the german course in particular , but the old first-generation red-text versions without selectable text ( which i think is what you have ) had a lot more problems than the newer versions in general . 
  my cherokee is extremely , extremely bad . 
  i would n't say i 've learned it at all . 
  what i do from time to time though is go through a reference grammar of oklahoma cherokee and put the example sentences in anki . 
  it 's a nice overview , if nothing else . 
  there 's a surprisingly large archive of english/cherokee radio broadcasts on the internet , as well . 
   the us still has the best and most agile open press , you just need to know where to look , this is especially true compared to china, 
  i agree that the american press is better , but that 's because dissenting voices are n't silenced by the state . 
  i never hear truly dissenting voices on any of the major networks . 
  my point was that chinese outlets like xinhua are n't much worse than the major american outlets ( especially cnn ) , not that american journalism is worse off in general . 
  that 's clearly false if for no other reason than our free speech laws . 
  yeah , german media is also extremely biased . 
  i do n't think they 're nearly as good compared to other western sources compared to five + years ago , but there are occasionally flashes of journalistic integrity . 
  not about china , as you correctly pointed out , but someone has to compete with britain for the pleasure of fellating the ccp . 
  edit just to add something : it 's amazing how effective the media has been at playing up china in germany . 
  people here ( especially in the business world ) seem to have overwhelmingly positive views of china and just accept their numbers and stories blindly . 
  people who i 'd otherwise call critical-thinking , intelligent individuals . 
  it 's especially bizarre because approval of china exists with ( to my american eyes ) a fairly old-fashioned kind of widespread casual racism against chinese people . 
   again , consider that you are polluted by chinese propaganda , they spend billions each year to have articles printed in any newspaper near you . 
  it 's always hard to recognize your own biases , but the fact that i see chinese propaganda everywhere makes me think i 'm less polluted than average . 
  i ca n't even talk about it to people who are n't familiar with chinese media because i sound like a looney conspiracy theorist , but none of it is really secret . 
  ( for fairness : the us did and still does push its agenda in the foreign press as well . 
  just because i agree with their perspective more does n't mean it 's any less biased . ), 
  i was in t88 and despite being able to communicate fine with most people , there are about 5 % that get foreigner panic and understand absolutely nothing , more that will only talk to a chinese person if that 's an option . 
  could be the person you responded to 's accent , but there is certainly a cultural block against listening to non-chinese faces speaking chinese , as well , especially where foreigners are rare . 
  morphology is the easy part of grammar . 
  memorize some tables and you 're mostly there . 
  i found the fact that it was leftbranching hard , and i felt like i had to memorize the argument structure of just about every piece of vocab . 
  of course there are patterns , but if i ca n't think of an example sentence to imitate or take from , i ca n't say what i want to say . 
  simple sentences are mostly pretty easy , but i 've never seen a language where i could so often understand every word in a sentence and have no idea what it meant . 
  anything more complex than simple svo sentences gives you almost nothing to latch on to as a speaker of european languages . 
  i got hsk5 a couple of years ago and pretty much have only ever felt like the grammar is getting harder . 
  is the verb transitive ? 
  separable ? 
  is the second syllable kind of an object or really an object or not an object at all ? 
  should it be replaced with a single syllable verb here ? 
  what preposition does it take ?
