  it feels weird to call these places that clearly are n't like any other country we know countries for no particular reason besides `` they 're different '' . 
  it 's far from made up . 
  at least on the subs i read which tend to skew left and non-american , i 'd go so far as to say it 's become the dominant sentiment . 
  i hear it a lot from germans irl , too . 
  it 's up there on my list of stupidest political trends 2017 , and that 's saying something when trump is in the mix . 
  what 's the deal with americans thinking real beer lovers like craft beer ? 
  i notice this only with americans and hipsters , but i find it odd . 
  since not doing so would drive down wages for american workers . 
  i know that it 's not easy to define what a country is , but i also know that the uk regions share none of the traits that even make taiwan a debate : autonomy , independent exercise of legal jurisdiction , and independent diplomatic relations . 
  granting the people already here the right to work when the money is going to stay in the country is n't a terrible policy from the perspective of the federal government . 
  h1b is bringing in workers we do n't need , replacing workers that were already here . 
  profits go up for corporations , some of the wage goes home as a remittance , the increased profits may go to a multinational corporation whose interests are almost certainly not aligned with american interests . 
  wages go down because of the disparity in what american workers expect to make and indian ( for example ) workers , which is much larger than between the black community and the people they would have been competing for jobs with . 
  unemployment goes up , because we 're importing cheap workers to replace our own . 
  global capitalism is a huge pain in the ass . 
  but to answer your question most succintly , race and national origin are n't the same thing . 
  also , i would n't find it morally repugnant to discriminate based on race if the policy were clearly more beneficial to more people . 
  it prints pounds . 
  every state in the us has it 's own legislative body that can pass its own laws , and in many ways are autonomous from washington to an extent . 
  our education system also differs a lot by state and even district/county . 
  there 's very little federal involvement in american education . 
   ( for example , cheaper steel imports benefits all us companies that use it . ), 
  does it benefit the steel workers ? 
  slightly cheaper products ai n't worth much without a job . 
   imagine that foreign countries started giving us products ( cars , food , steel ) for free . 
  that would hurt local producers , but it would obviously be an overall benefit . 
  that would be completely unsustainable , not to mention whatever 's happening to the workers from the country that 's giving away free steel . 
  if anything it 'd be a good way for a country to build dependence on their own goods while bringing capital from the richer country for factories that can produce free stuff . 
  sounds way too much like i 'm describing china . 
  i 'd love to get on my high horse about the abominations that are `` american '' barbecue , `` american '' diners , and `` american-style '' bacon in germany , but [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jcwwxqki4ls/hqdefault.jpg ) is by far the most ridiculous appropriation of american culture and current events for food i 've ever personally encountered . 
  good piece of advice to travelers in germany : if it has an american flag on it , there is a zero percent chance it 's good . 
  sometimes , like with hamburger buns , you do n't have a choice , but avoid it when you can . 
  why have manufacturing jobs been declining since the 1940s ? 
  global capitalism has paid a huge role . 
  not only has manufacturing been declining worldwide , but it 's been leveling out internationally as well . 
  that means much less manufacturing work in wealthy , industrialized ( now post-industrial ) countries . 
  wealthy countries would n't be feeling this pressure on manufacturing if we were n't importing so much . 
  is all trade beneficial ? 
  i 'm not arguing against all trade , just some of it . 
   either way , trade does not build dependence because it is mutually beneficial . 
  china has benefited a lot more from selling to the us than the decrease in prices has benefited the american worker . 
  they 've seen huge inflows of capital to companies producing in china , both in investment and profits . 
  america has gotten cheaper goods , but now the profits of those goods are going to china instead of staying in the us and american companies are building factories there . 
  so you mean like european ideas about america in general . 
  -- leonie made herself a bit unpopular . 
  i mean , of course everyone likes other people , but then making out in a threesome ... that makes me feel a little queasy . 
  - well , everyone makes mistakes sometimes . 
  plus , i think that 's just compensation after the breakup . 
  did paul actually say anything else ? 
  -- making out with him in a threesome ... hmm naw ... that makes me feel somehow queasy ... 
  - to each his own ... 
  -- well , we talked about it again . 
  he 's somewhat disappointed . 
  he had already been looking forward to having a decent housemate , but he 's not angry or anything . 
  duolingo german is bigger than most and actually has some reasonably advanced stuff towards the end of the course . 
  if someone was practicing while they did the tree i do n't think b1 would be too surprising . 
  it 's best to think of this meaning of denken like a reflexive verb . 
  they 're operating under the ( very common , especially among chinese people ) assumption that people think of characters ( conflated with words ) and say them . 
  t\u0101 is a genderless third person pronoun in speech . 
  the l1 interference harrington is talking about goes both ways and is about as close to proof that they do n't see t\u0101 as a gendered pronoun either way as you can get . 
  this is good and matches the greek versions i checked as well . 
  ! translated, 
  my country ` tis of thee , sweet land of liberty ... 
  hey , y' all stole our song . 
  mexico . 
  i had a great time living there ; people are super friendly . 
  mexican food is also a personal favorite . 
  another top contender is portugal , the best combo of beautiful and friendly in europe . 
  our universities . 
  we have the best universities in the world , hands down , no contest . 
  it sounds like she 's really trying . 
  you do n't have to give up your relationship language to speak with her in hebrew . 
  just a few short conversations in hebrew a day would be a good start . 
  pick things you know she can understand . 
  talk about the grocery list or household chores in hebrew , just simple stuff , and just for a short amount of time . 
  it 'll probably be less stressful if you 're the one who initiates conversations in hebrew when you feel like it will bother you the least . 
  she 'll get more comfortable with it , you 'll get more comfortable with it , y' all 'll gradually start to feel comfortable speaking in hebrew more often , and you will absolutely be glad you put in the effort to get comfortable talking to her in hebrew . 
  i know this is rough . 
  i did n't speak german when i met my partner . 
  she never really liked talking to me in german and did n't start until i was at least b2 . 
  i talked to her and told her that being able to speak german was important to me , laid out my reasons why , told her i knew it was uncomfortable and inconvenient for her , and asked her to talk to me in german sometimes anyway . 
  she did , and i am extremely thankful for it , but it was a very slow process , and it does take effort . 
  your girlfriend is putting in the effort , and you have to think of it that way too . 
  it 's not supposed to be fun and easy . 
   speaking hebrew with her gives me the shivers . 
  i feel angry , annoyed , frustrated and a bit disgusted . 
  i could very clearly tell my wife felt like that at times , especially towards the beginning . 
  it 's one of the main reasons i did n't push the issue for so long . 
  you 're definitely not alone . 
  but it 's also something that you can definitely overcome if you confront it head-on and put in the work to make it happen . 
  does n't have to be drastic , does n't have to be a lot , but it has to be consistent . 
  do n't be afraid to tell her if you 're too stressed or tired to speak hebrew if you are . 
  it needs to be low stress for both of you at first . 
   has anyone managed to solve this and completely convert the language of a relationship after years of status quo ? 
  we did n't convert the language of our relationship , but we did add a relationship language . 
  we now have pet names and in-jokes in three languages instead of just two . 
  also , i completely empathize with you not liking her accent . 
  there are certain accents i just do n't think i could get past in a relationship . 
  but you can help fix this problem by 1 ) clearly telling her that you think working on her accent needs to be a priority if you have n't already and 2 ) supporting her improvement . 
  you 're not her teacher and you should n't try to be , but figure out what really bothers you about her accent and tell her what it is so she can figure out how to fix it .
