  was i necessarily speaking portuguese ? 
  not really , but i had figured out how to adapt enough of the differences that we were communicating okay , even with people who did n't seem particularly familiar with spanish . 
  i have seen many cases of portugese-speaking refugees here in germany making do with talking to a spanish speaker . 
  op is n't asking for fluency , just to be able to talk to people . 
  i sped through the assimil portuguese course from spanish a week before i went to portugal the first time . 
  it was extremely helpful and i was able to talk to people okay . 
  they understood me great , i understood enough of what they were saying to get the gist most of the time . 
  it all depends on what kind of conversations you want to have . 
  i imagined op wanting to be able to ask about symptoms or give instructions to patients he as of now does n't share a language with . 
  i could have misunderstood , but i was n't imagining op wanting to settle down for a fireside chat or anything . 
  this is the first i 've heard of it . 
  i generally try to refer to the country as the us or something just because i know some people from latin america get touchy about it , but there 's no real alternative to describing something from the us ; it 's got ta be american . 
  it was bad and out of place in her argument , but i 'm glad she at least admitted that she was only talking from her experience . 
  shows at least some self-awareness . 
  also an interesting example of how noun classes can be used to reaffirm ideas about gender . 
  i hate dutch biking culture . 
  i despise driving in the netherlands because they 're all entitled pricks who never pay attention to cars and clog up the roundabouts with their endless streams of silly bikes . 
  m\u00fcnster is like that too . 
  it 's awful . 
  bikers should get their own cities away from decent folk . 
  any big city . 
  at least a couple million dollars . 
  cheap , fast internet, 
  universal healthcare ( the american left 's insistence on single-payer is something i could do without , though ), 
  not driving in the left lane unless you 're passing . 
  that 's why the chinese do it , so there 's a good chance it 's the same . 
  ehh , there are often naked guys on the river in the middle of cologne . 
  that 's closer to `` on the streets '' than i 'd like it to be . 
  it 's so you can better monitor your digestive health . 
  no shit . 
  i thought bikes were great 'til i had to deal with hordes of them . 
  this is a contentious issue within germany as well , and i fall very firmly on team car . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jadqicg48w4 ) is a protest , so much tenser than normal , but the people they 're interviewing in the cars are the same ones swearing at the cyclists the rest of the year , too . 
  nice to assume any opinions you disagree with must be from ignorant alabama , right ? 
  no one in bumfuck alabama gives a shit about bikes either way . 
  i 'm also not on vacation . 
  when i have to drive to m\u00fcnster for work , it sucks because it 's like playing asteroids with bicyclists . 
  same thing in the netherlands , but even worse . 
  they hold up traffic and do n't even try to be considerate of the drivers coming through . 
  edit : little explanation on the video , the cyclists are able to do this without a permit or anything because any group of cyclists over a certain size is allowed to cross the street all at once . 
  they 're making up the route as they go along so no one can plan for it . 
  just making this up but probably  500,000 . 
  jackson is about the limit , any bigger than that is too big . 
  bar ? 
  beer . 
  restaurant ? 
  mountain dew or dr. pepper , depends on the day . 
  i think both sides need to compromise . 
  bikers constantly think they 're being discriminated against because a car did n't see them this once , despite the fact they live in the bike-friendliest place in the world . 
  also , why would they be waiting for me specifically ? 
  i 'm not the only driver . 
  i drove home from the grocery store today and it took me 12 minutes instead of five . 
  there was a group of cyclists ahead of me on the only road home . 
  instead of moving over to one side or something , they stayed spread out over the whole road , keeping me behind them for the better part of ten minutes , picking up two other cars in the procession along the way . 
  completely avoidable situation , but entitled bicyclists think they own the damn road . 
  sorry i do n't know of any good vocab lists , but i am curious to learn what pr\u00f6lich means . 
  [ cefr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_european_framework_of_reference_for_languages ), 
  i never saw waffles served that way until i went to europe . 
  i did n't know the fancy topping waffles were a big thing in the us . 
  to be fair , though , when i eat out it 's waffle house about 30 % of the time . 
  i think calling them belgian waffles gives away them probably not being the typical american waffle , but i guess it could be regional . 
  they serve your purposes . 
  a lot of people with no need for foreign languages may get more use and enjoyment out of conlangs than natural languages . 
  lithuanian may serve it 's purpose as the way a handful million people communicate , but to someone in the us , learning high dothraki or whatever can serve a purpose more relevant to your life : engaging with your favorite book/tv show . 
  not at all . 
  i think belgian waffles are more similar to marketing fries as dutch fries . 
  also , belgian waffles really are belgian . 
  even the shape of the waffle itself is different from typical american waffles . 
  it 's its own thing , not just another name for waffles like french fries and fries . 
   real languages are more important than fictitious languages like high valyrian , because they actually have purpose and serve a purpose . 
  just to be clear , i think this quote is wrong to the point of being offensive . 
  different people find different purposes in different languages for different things . 
  being real does n't automatically make a language serve more of a purpose for a particular group than a constructed language . 
  i have no idea which part of my comment this is in response to . 
  because it 's useful to one of the largest groups of fans in the world . 
  compared to , say , learning finnish , which is usually only important to people moving to finland . 
  right , in europe they 're just called waffles , whereas what we normally call waffles are called american waffles . 
  90 % of the people interested in learning finnish have some real and immediate connection to it . 
  that 's not a lot of people . 
  your opinions on game of thrones fans aside , i 'll give a personal example . 
  elvish has been more useful to me than the majority of real languages in the world . 
  when i was younger , i learned as much of the language as i could and used the nascent internet to try to find other people and connect with them about a language and hobby/interest we all shared . 
  i have zero interest in high valyrian or game of thrones at all . 
  i 'm just saying that what 's real on the other side of the world is n't necessarily more useful or purposeful that what 's imaginary where you are . 
  while i found it offensive ( not terribly , just in the playground `` your hobby is stupid '' kind of way ) , i would never get offended by someone like you . 
  i recognize you from here and other subreddits and already have a well-formed opinion about the validity of most of the things you say . 
  this is / r/languagelearning . 
  we 're a small part of the population . 
  i 've learned a couple of languages i had no connection to , but i 'm under no delusions that this is a common thing for people to do . 
  it 's only common here , which is why i like this place . 
   so , my wants of wanting to learn them are stupid , useless , and pointless ? 
  not in the least . 
  i do n't see how you could have gotten that from my comment . 
  it 's unusual to want to learn languages with no connection to them , but it 's not stupid , useless , or pointless . 
   let me jump right on into learn high valyrian , because it will make my life so much more important . 
  you mocking it does n't make it less important for the people that find it important . 
  it 's just someone on the internet making fun of other people 's hobbies . 
   right and the things you say are so much better ? 
  yeah , what ? 
  because i 'm not a fanboy of duolingo and a streak idiot ?
