  there 's a lot of that going around from the `` you have to go make a fool of yourself '' crowd . 
  you can practice writing , first to yourself , then online , then talking to yourself , then chatting , then talking or whatever and ease yourself in without ever being in situations that are super uncomfortable because you 're not good enough . 
  there are multiple ways to get good at languages . 
  i 'm personally not that motivated by talking to people , especially not when i suck . 
  i much prefer books , movies , and music . 
  it 's important that i can talk to people , but i practiced with myself until it 's not that awkward . 
  going through imaginary conversations with yourself can go a long way towards getting rid of the anxiety and increasing confidence . 
  there are other good self-talk activities besides just going into la-la land . 
  for example , instead of just watching dramas , watch dramas and then write a paragraph response or summary for every episode in japanese . 
  just for yourself . 
  if it sucks , no big deal . 
  if you want to get it corrected , you can , but developing comfort and fluency is the goal of this exercise , not grammar . 
  after you 've watched dramas and written about them for a while , you can try talking to yourself about the dramas while you 're watching them . 
  anyways , you will eventually want to talk to people , but you can put it off until you 're more confident . 
  disclaimer : i 'm still a beginner at japanese . 
  that 's based off experiences with other languages , but it should apply . 
   first , in a real conversation your ability to produce quickly matters . 
  that is why you practice by yourself first , so that you can produce quickly when you need to . 
   the other issue with speaking is making sure the other person understands you . 
  yes , grammar/accuracy needs to be practiced separately . 
  this is an exercise for turning passive knowledge into output and developing fluency . 
  but assuming op is in formal classes , there is probably plenty of grammar work . 
  if you need to make sure people understand , you can write for lang-8 , and for speaking , 75 % of what you say at a lowish level will be ( or should be ) parroting what you 've heard on tv/in textbooks or wherever . 
   and that confidence might very well go out the window when you find out that you have n't actually learned anything because you 've been practicing in a way that does n't actually help understanding what your issues may or may not be . 
  i think you 're working on the assumption that i think i can replace everything you learn by social interaction with talking to myself , and that 's not true at all . 
  i have a couple of extroverted , shameless friends who have done almost no `` studying '' and have learned everything from talking to people . 
  but if you do n't talk to people , you have to have another way of actually learning the language , like classes or textbooks or exposure to native materials ( if you can be active and critical about watching it ) . 
  any quirks that make it through , and there usually are n't that many if you have enough exposure , will be ironed out when you do start talking to people or get a tutor . 
  i study both , but i prefer simplified . 
  one main reason is that i find it hard to read traditional on websites . 
  the font is usually too small for me , and i find it frustrating to have to blow up a page to read it . 
  i find it much easier to read small simplified characters . 
  lots of people who like traditional have this weird belief that it 's objectively better , which i find frustrating . 
  there are so many myths about how it 's easier to go trad -  simp , trad is more logical , trad is easier to remember , etc. 
  feels a little birtherist/culty to me . 
  it 's like watching a falun gong video . 
  the big thing that traditional has going for it in my eyes is the bopomofo input . 
  i wish i could use that for simplified . 
  it 's easier for me to type with , not sure why . 
  ultimately though , i use simplified more because the mainland has a lot more people than taiwan . 
  if it were the other way around , i 'd probably use traditional more . 
  it 'll help you get used to the sounds of the language and make it sound less foreign and unfamiliar . 
  will you learn how to understand or speak any of it ? 
  not at all . 
  i opened one last year and they never asked anything like that . 
  do you have a preference for brazilian or european ? 
  i think brazilian portuguese is a nice sounding language , like spanish or italian , but i love the way european portuguese sounds like a romance language spoken by a russian . 
  best of both worlds . 
  there is n't as much need to learn english if you can flourish as a part of another speech community . 
  as the internet spreads , as it gets easier to distribute new videos , music , etc. , and more content is produced and discussion happens in other languages , i see english becoming less important in the life of an average person in many parts of the world . 
  so as the infrastructure around the world evens out , i see there being a few spheres of influence with their own lingua francas . 
  south america will probably stay spanish/portuguese . 
  outside of indigenous areas , it 's pretty monolingual at the moment , in part because the spanish-speaking world is big enough to give most people whatever they want . 
  do n't see that changing . 
  chinese : the battle for influence around the asian pacific between china and the us has heated up recently . 
  nearby countries are starting to see more people learning chinese , and if china succeeds in bringing countries like the philippines and south korea into its soi , i can see it becoming an important language throughout east and southeast asia . 
  also , your concern about dialects is unfounded . 
  almost everyone in china who talks to anyone besides their neighbors speaks mandarin , too . 
  russian : kind of already exists , and if putin stays in power , ussr 2.0 is coming . 
  english : i ca n't see english ever really losing influence in europe . 
  at this point , a person from germany , hungary , and poland will just assume they should speak english with each other . 
  i find it bizarre , but europe seems to have pretty unanimously accepted this , so i do n't think what happens outside of europe will have much effect on english 's status . 
  i also think india and other english-speaking colonies will stay english . 
  that means hindi probably wo n't ever be as widely used as you would expect from such a large language . 
  arabic : the arabic world is n't exactly a leader in english proficiency as it is , and as it develops , i do n't see that changing much . 
  i have no idea what will happen with africa . 
  the current linguistic situation there is a bit muddy already . 
  so yeah , all that to say i think more people may opt to learn a regionally important language 50 years from now rather than english , which will lead to those languages ' use as a lingua franca . 
  or maybe i 'm just being optimistic because i do n't particularly like the idea of any natural language being the language . 
  especially not my language , it just makes me feel weird . 
  i 'm going through polar bear cafe and it 's great fun , but i do n't really understand most of the verb endings except the ones in the michel thomas course , and i 'm having trouble finding good conjugation tables for japanese . 
  is there any place i can find a really comprehensive conjugation table to reference when i 'm not sure about an ending ? 
  ctrl + f-able would be a plus . 
  it looks like someone actually posted a japanese course schedule to prove they knew what they were talking about . 
  unbelievable . 
  warning : if you start clicking around on the linked site , you will probably feel the need to take a shower afterwards . 
  i 've been a member since 2010 , so it 's not that volatile . 
   also , do n't try putting adjectives after the noun . 
  jk , i know what you mean . 
  i just thought it worth noting that an adjective after a noun means something different , not that you never do it . 
  i started studying mandarin about three years ago after studying spanish for seven years , starting in high school . 
  the biggest difference to me is that chinese takes a lot longer . 
  european languages kind of feel like they 're half the same language now . 
  i do n't have much to add to what / u/pjcrafty said , but i 'll expand on one point . 
   the one thing is that it takes you longer to be able to read books because there are almost no cognates compared to having tons of them in spanish . 
  i practice mostly by watching chinese tv ( i 'm a sucker for police dramas and soap operas ) , and at this point i do n't really struggle too much understanding them ( about 80 % ) , whether i 'm listening or reading the subtitles . 
  but books , even simple things like harry potter , are a whole nother level of annoying . 
  you can know decent spanish and make it through most texts , but if you do n't really own the vocab used in a chinese book , you 'll probably get lost , and the only way to fix it is knowing more words . 
  edit : just noticed german in your flair , which i also learned before chinese . 
  does n't really change the experience , though . 
  i get mistaken for being from dortmund sometimes , and my german is far from native level . 
  i think having a convincing regional accent can throw people off . 
  i know my so has a southern accent in english , and outside of the south , no one can tell she 's not native . 
  in fact , i think speaking a language in a overly standard way , even if you do it perfectly , might come across as sounding non-native to some people . 
  i know i let down my `` speak for foreigners '' guard more with people who do n't sound like they walked out of bbc or cnn . 
  i do this all the time when i 'm trying to speak general american . 
  i have no intuitive feel for when it 's / \u026an / and when it 's / \u025bn / , so i end up overcorrecting a lot . 
  is n't / t\u025bn / standard ? 
  i know i overcorrect , but i 'm pretty sure i hear / t\u025bn / fairly often . 
  i do the `` minutes '' thing , too .
