  i do n't think i 'd be the best judge of myself , but the things other people say are so much better . 
  i do n't like duolingo either , do n't know what a streak idiot is . 
  not wrong , just a bit incomplete . 
  you can also write in high valyrian , meet new people who are also interested in high valyrian , make your cosplay better , or whatever it is you want to do . 
  and all the points under finnish may not feel that useful or pressing to the average american ( just as an example , big market ) , whereas high valyrian might seem like more fun . 
  there 's nothing intrinsically more valuable for someone about a real language than a made-up one . 
  it just depends on what you want to do with it . 
  not at all . 
  teaching him arabic is n't her job , and they 've both got to get something out of it for it to be an exchange . 
  wanting to get away from an oppressive group ( male sex-class ) is still disassociating . 
  there are a few people who unfairly malign all trans people , but i think the core of their argument is just that males are males and were raised as part of an oppressive class . 
  the gc subreddit thinks intersex are not a large enough group to challenge the sexual dimorphism of human beings . 
  and this is why . 
  you 're doing it right now . 
  `` trans people are often intersex '' . 
  the majority of trans people are not intersex , and the majority of intersex people do not identify as trans . 
   the recurring motif is to promote transgendered people as a monolithic entity , stigmatised as dysfunctional and unnatural , who must be combatted . 
  that 's what happens with any kind of prejudice . 
  humans are pattern recognizers and it causes problems . 
  too bad these people exist , but i 'm not going to use them to smear a whole system of analysis . 
   how to isolate two opposition minority groups and identify the wedge issue of one and fan it until the movement exists for the sake of the wedge . 
  that sounds extremely familiar , but it sounds more like the hijacking of feminism for the sake of the trans movement than vice versa . 
  it 's \u7d93\u904e instead of \u5730\u65b9 because they 're saying li si saw him burying the money . 
  not just the place , he saw the whole process . 
  intuitive ? 
  the whole program is grammar-translation exercises with audio . 
  it 's the english language that i 've spoken since childhood . 
  the tenses do n't feel right in either of your sentences and using from to denote time in this way does n't really work either . 
  i agree with the other two commenters . 
  also , to think about it another way , rephrase those two statements as questions . 
  `` where do i know you from ? '', 
  is a good question . 
  `` where do i speak english from ? '', 
  is not the way we 'd talk about language at all . 
  i tried to talk to chinese speakers when i started learning chinese . 
  it was the least fun , productive , or motivating thing i can think of . 
  so i studied for four more years and then tried again . 
  it made the experience much more pleasant . 
  do n't overestimate the importance of talking to people , especially at < hsk3 levels . 
  the conversations often wo n't be worth the trouble . 
  i started learning russian at the beginning of this year . 
  i 've read 16 books so far , and i 'm set to start ready player one in russian next week . 
  as far as the language itself goes , it 's one of the most fun languages i 've studied . 
  the only one i enjoyed more was ancient greek . 
  i 'm taking the test without having studied . 
  where you 'd use without + ing in english , you normally use ohne dass ... in german . 
  according to lwt , i would need to look up about 15 % of the words in twilight ( including things like names ) up to about 40 % of dostoevsky , but in practice about a quarter of those are forms of words i already know . 
  i rarely look up all the words , though . 
  that number usually drops substantially after i read a couple of chapters of the book , as well . 
  i 've been more or less using the listening reading method , just cut down to two hours a day . 
  i started by reading harry potter as a bilingual text , then metro 2033 . 
  i switched from bilingual texts to lwt about a month ago because i felt like i was stagnating and thought i 'd benefit more from having on-click dictionary lookup . 
  i 'm happy to answer any more specific questions , but the core of it is pretty simple : read and listen to audiobooks . 
  yes , that 's why we pronounce beijing , munich , danzig , and budapest like they do in those countries . 
  the pronunciation of place names is like any other word in most ways . 
  it 's determined by usage and subject to change . 
  or arab . 
  i just read through the wiki page on grammar . 
  i 'm familiar with most of the grammar issues that trip up english speakers from other languages i know , especially greek . 
  about halfway through the first book the verbs were driving me crazy , so i spent a half hour or so reading about russian verb prefixes . 
  i also googled participles because i was having trouble figuring out exactly what all those verbs with \u0432 and \u044f at the end were doing in the sentences . 
  someone with less grammatical crossover from other languages would probably have to do a bit more googling , but i think you can get most of it by lots of exposure to language you understand . 
  if harry potter is still difficult for you , then i 'd recommend rereading it because you 're already used to the author 's style and know the words they use frequently . 
  if it 's easy , it 's probably better to pick up another book . 
  you 'll want to read different books to get used to different authors and styles anyway . 
  the question is just when . 
  and of course i should add , doing something you want to do is usually better than something you do n't want to do . 
  do n't force yourself to reread a book if you do n't think you can enjoy it at least a little . 
  the hard part will be finding a company that wants to give you a visa . 
  everything else is just a matter of time and paperwork . 
  they definitely do . 
  you can respond that way , but it wo n't make you many friends . 
  if you 're in a small town , i 'd recommend joining whatever church your friends go to and going three times a year like a lot of other people . 
  most people do n't care , but there are people who will view you more negatively for being nonreligious , and you will be invited to church more times than you can count . 
  you can also just be honest and let it be other people 's problem . 
  there are pros and cons to both . 
  no idea . 
  it 's not something i 've never heard . 
  i 'd just try to sound it out . 
  or pronounce it like the sauce . 
  either way . 
  why is it okay to expect the same pronunciations across dialects but not across languages ? 
  there 's absolutely no reason americans could n't say the more similar to chinese beijing instead of beizhing , but they do n't because that 's not how they hear people say it . 
  same for nevada . 
  i do n't expect to hear yankees pronounce centre , alabama the same way i do ( like sinner , fyi ) . 
  seems weird that other places do n't have the same courtesy . 
  all the conspiracy theorists i know think he 's a shill . 
  i 'm sure there are people that take him seriously , but i do n't know any . 
  not true , the taiwanese standard is reasonably well represented , too . 
  that 's still nothing about case . 
  those are not examples of cases . 
  jealous . 
  i had a game recently starting as naples where i got a pu over france and still did n't manage to get the anatolian and english provinces i needed . 
  i got extremely lucky , never lost a war , and still could n't do it . 
  first off , none of the words are marked for case in your sentences . 
  english only declines pronouns . 
  secondly , english does n't have a nominative , genitive , and accusative . 
  it has the subjective , oblique , and possessive . 
  like the other commenter said , mandarin uses word order rather than cases to show how the words fit together , much like english . 
  to give an example of cases , here 's a sentence with the same word declined three different ways .
