  i think it was khatz that said you do n't learn a language , you get used to it . 
  are the situations in europe and the us comparable ? 
  i live in germany , and i ca n't even listen to friends from the states talk about refugees any more . 
  they act like 1 ) the us has a significant number of refugees and 2 ) germany is some kind of islamocalypse where good , white germans live in fear of roving gangs of sharia police . 
  i 'm in the us often , so i 'm familiar with the situation in both places , and at a certain point i just have to stop trying to find common ground with their reality . 
  it 's too far out there . 
  tons of refugees and immigrants here . 
  i come in contact with a lot of them in the course of work . 
  there 's some strain on the bureaucracy , but it has no effect on most people 's daily lives , except that they might have to listen to broken german more often than they used to . 
  that was n't uncommon in dortmund even before the refugee crisis . 
  the school system was overburdened anyway , but it 's become a bigger topic recently so hopefully that will change soon . 
  the biggest afd strongholds are states with the smallest numbers of refugees . 
  economic migrants who share a religion and many values with americans is not the same as syrian war refugees , or economic migrants from afghanistan who ca n't even work the screen that gives you a ticket to wait in line at the foreigner office because they do n't know how touchscreens work . 
  it 's a million people who have little in common culturally with their new country . 
  many of them lack language skills and a basic understanding of what to expect from life in germany . 
  of course there are problems , but it 's also not the end of the world . 
  and it * definitely * is n't a huge problem in the us right now . 
  i actually agree with that criticism to an extent . 
  the democrats lost the most recent election in the us because they not only basically told the white working class to go fuck themselves , but also called everyone who wanted to have an honest conversation about globalism bigoted racists . 
  they set themselves up for a game they were sure to lose . 
  the working class , the whole working class , forms the basis of every strong leftist party . 
  some people are too far down the racist rabbithole , but a lot of people are just tired and pissed off because their jobs are insecure or nonexistent . 
  trump sold them an ( awful ) explanation and solution , clinton peddled the same shit that caused the problem in the first place , completely oblivious to what the average working class american of any race cares about . 
  yeah , if you work in downtown dortmund , you see more refugees than you can shake a stick at every day . 
  most of them just kind of go about their business . 
  i get asked for directions a lot . 
  it 's harder to be scared of something that 's normal in your day-to-day life . 
  yeah , but latin american immigrants who do n't speak english still have a much easier time adjusting to the us ( and the locals to them ) than middle eastern immigrants in germany . 
  the german government has to put a lot of effort into making sure the newly-arrived women know their rights in germany . 
  basic things , like not getting beaten , being allowed to divorce your husband , and so on . 
  it 's especially problematic in the camps , which essentially serve as enclaves which reinforce some of the behaviors that germans consider anti-social . 
  america has nothing like that at the moment , not on nearly the scale that germany does . 
  we in the us do n't have to house them , pay them a monthly stipend , arrange language classes for them , pay for their healthcare , or find them a job and an apartment . 
  the german government and the organizations it hires to run the camps try to do all of those things for the refugees . 
  american illegal immigrants are fundamentally different in the way they interact with society . 
  as a group , they are most similar to what would be called guest workers in germany , and most of them come from poland/turkey/southern europe and are legal . 
  i 'd like more information on the chart . 
  especially that 's 75 % of how many total mexicans used for the data . 
  there are plenty of illegals who do n't get in the system at all . 
   illegal immigrants and their offspring are causing a massive demographical shift in the us , basically creating tens of millions of people who depend on welfare . 
  there are a lot of things i do n't like about american immigration policy , but i just ca n't see it as a race thing . 
  and if you 're serious about changing it , focusing on race will get most people to ignore you very quickly . 
  i grew up in a pretty shitty part of appalachia . 
  most of the welfare-cheating , fraudulent-disability-claiming , good-for-nothing criminal shitheads i know are white , and i know plenty of them . 
  so what , are you going to deport appalachians too ? 
  the `` mexican '' kids born here on welfare are n't any different from most of us . 
  so if you think we should be stricter on enforcing our immigration laws , fine . 
  but you can pull segments of the native-born american population with stats just as bad as the immigrant groups , and what all those groups have in common is their economic situation . 
  poverty , alienation , unemployment , and subsequent government dependence are the real problem here . 
  wanting to restrict immigration until we get our own house in order is a valid viewpoint that warrants discussion , but that has to go along with policies that address the economic problems at their roots . 
  and the problem is not fundamentally an immigrant problem , it 's the fact that workers in america have no control over their own employment . 
  people need to earn what they deserve for the work they do , not just a slice of it . 
  employers should n't be allowed to employ predatory hiring practices like replacing workers with temp workers or foreigners who will do it for exploitative wage . 
  americans need jobs and control over their workplaces , and immigration is a very small part of that . 
  public housing for illegal immigrants ? 
  where i grew up it was almost all black people . 
  these days it 's a mix of black people and people come down from the mountain . 
  edit : and yes , there is a large latino population , mostly guatemalan , but not in the projects . 
  hospitals have to cover some medical care in some cases . 
  that 's very different from providing comprehensive medical coverage to every new immigrant in the country . 
  i agree about the work situation . 
  having a black market for labor is terrible for the american worker . 
  people do n't go to subs like those to have their views challenged . 
  mixed . 
  my experiences with syrians have mostly been good . 
  it seems like a lot the people who made it all the way here are educated . 
  not all , of course , but a fair number speak some english and are university educated . 
  a lot of families , mostly people with good intentions . 
  kids with missing limbs happier than 90 % of the germans here . 
  the only refugee i 've met who ended up being outed as having fought in one of the bad groups was also syrian , so it 's not all pretty . 
  afghanis are a mixed bag . 
  a lot of them are n't really from war-torn areas , they just want a better life . 
  when most of them were new , it was n't uncommon to just see them standing around confused in weird places . 
  i mentioned getting a ticket for an appointment at the foreigner 's office elsewhere in the thread . 
  and yes , pashtun culture encourages pederasty , and it is sometimes a problem in the camps . 
  i 've talked with fewer afghanis than syrians because they generally do n't speak english or german . 
  some are illiterate . 
  one of the funniest refugees i knew is an afghani boy , around 10 maybe , whose first german phrase was `` ich suche arbeit '' ( i 'm looking for work ) , and he was always coming up with entrepreneurial schemes to make money . 
  a lot of afghanis will end up being sent home after their duldung ( third step after asyl ( hard to get ) and subsidi\u00e4rer schutz ( next best thing ) ) is denied . 
  the biggest problem group was north africans , but a lot of them have been sent back already . 
  lots of single men , lots of drug problems . 
  i do n't know why that demographic came from those countries , but every social worker i know has had the same experience . 
  supposedly a lot of newer arrivals now are africans , but i have n't had much contact with them . 
  in short , most refugees i 've met have been people trying to make their way as well as they can . 
  there are some bad people who come too , like you see in the news about berlin today , but they 're a minority . 
  i 'm also a foreigner in germany , and i rip on it all the time , but germany is a lot stronger than a couple of bombings . 
  am i a bot or am i just typing this ? 
  it happened in k\u00f6ln once , a year ago . 
  mostly north africans that night , if i remember correctly . 
  there are isolated incidences involving individuals sometimes , yes , but i have n't heard of any roving gangs since then . 
  the kids who grow up in german schools are generally pretty well integrated , the people who moved here as adults are a mixed bag integration-wise . 
  it 's not like some groups in the us where people never learn english or anything like that , though . 
  it might be bad german , but no one that lives in germany long-term just does n't learn german , turks included . 
  the pro-erdo\u011fan stuff shocked a lot of people , me too . 
  i 'm still not sure what to think about it . 
  i do n't have data , but turks are not generally considered a problem group by germans except on the far right . 
  they 've been here for a long time , everyone loves d\u00f6ner . 
  people wish they 'd integrate more sometimes , but for the most part it 's alright . 
  i remember funkhaus europa even did a segment where they went around and asked turks who had moved to germany what advice they had for the new arrivals . 
  it was pretty cute .
