  `` we are very important strategic partners , and we are prepared to increase our efforts together with mexico to give new energy to the development of these relations ( ... ) we are convinced that our cooperation is going to get much stronger , '' assured the diplomatic representative of the asian nation in mexico . 
  during the press conference about the festivities of the year of chinese culture in our country that will take place in 2017 , it was announced that there will be increased closeness with the mexican government . 
  `` the cooperation that exists between our two countries is mutually beneficial and is not against any third country , '' he emphasized . 
  he asserted that his government is ready to establish closer ties with mexico in the face of the expected global situation next year . 
  xiaoqi argued that free trade and economic globalization are the correct way to benefit the global community . 
  `` china , from the beginning , has been one of the participants and now is one of the most important promoters of free trade , '' he added . 
  in the adamo boari room at the palacio de bellas artes , the diplomat dismissed that the relationship between china and mexico would be affected by the arrival of trump to the white house . 
  to that end , he insisted that the countries ' bilateral political , commercial , economic , and technological relations would reach their best point . 
  last november , during the meeting of the asia-pacific economic co\u00f6peration council in lima , peru , mexico along with australia , japan , malaysia , new zealand , and singapore proposed continuing with tpp even facing the possible exit of the united states . 
  the secretary of the economy , ildefonso guajardo , then stated : `` our countries are determined to continue with this treaty , independently of what washington decides . '', 
  the six countries met in a group of twelve signatories of the tpp , which can not come into force without the ratification of the united states . 
  and facing the possibility that the free trade agreement might be revised when trump assumes the presidency , president enrique pe\u00f1a nieto guaranteed that mexico will continue to be committed to free trade , and respect for the next stage of the relationship of north american countries , `` mexico 's interests are clear '' and `` we will look for space to update and modernize the free tree agreement , with a win-win premise . '', 
  he said that this commitment to free trade will rest on two premises : `` expansion to new markets and promotion of north america 's competitiveness in markets were we already have a presence . '', 
  festivities, 
  expositions , recitals , conferences , cinema series , book fairs , and academic exchanges compose the program of the 2017 `` year of chinese culture '' in mexico , which started off last night with the concert of the national chinese orchestra of traditional instruments in palacio de bellas artes . 
  the celebration of the 2017 `` year of chinese culture '' in mexico will also include the translation of classic works , food tastings , and tourist promotions , which will take place in distinct places , public institutions , theaters , museums , and universities . 
  i feel like translating some comments , too :, 
   why learn mandarin , they said ... 
    i 'm living in china for work , i regret having picked german as a third language at college and not mandarin, 
    before the mandarin circlejerk begins ... 
  the chinese , like the japanese , do n't accept any foreigner as an integral part of their culture ( unlike the americans and germans ) ... 
  if you do n't believe me , look at this video and check yourself . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2_l71lfitk ) it 's better to learn a language that let 's you integrate into the culture ; mandarin , like japanese , is a waste of time ... unless you do it simply for the pleasure of learning . 
   and so begins the new global hegemony of china, 
   the chinese see the opportunity and want to take advantage of the situation . 
  you have to be very careful , because the chinese are expedient and tricky in business . 
   the chinese are plotting something . 
  i can see it in their eyes . 
    hahahahaha you 're a `` lacist '', 
   i , for one , welcome our new chinese overlords, 
  edit : by the way , not endorsing any of this , just thought it 'd be interesting to see the kind of comments that show up . 
  i remember hearing about this on npr last year . 
  i did n't realize they 'd be available here , too . 
  the whole segment just talked about cuba . 
  i live in germany as well , and i generally get treated like a german . 
  there 's still a glass ceiling for foreigners and some discrimination when it comes to looking for apartments and stuff , but you ca n't compare it to somewhere like china . 
  the language makes a huge difference , though . 
  germany is a lot more like that than it used to be . 
  could also be because i live in a city where a huge part of the population came as guest workers a generation ago , but i feel like a lot of people are more relaxed about what it means to be german and that sentiment is growing . 
  i 'm not sure how tugging each other off can be a war . 
  if you 're pro-union , you might find a lot of socialist/syndicalist groups more `` conservative '' than you think , especially the crowd that 's too old for all the tumblr bullshit . 
  i 'm pro gun , pro individual liberties , and economically that means i 'm pro union . 
  that 's not an uncommon view . 
  i do n't support the typical liberal drivel and solutions . 
  want the government out of business ? 
  then give power back to the unions and we 'll handle it ourselves . 
  i took that to mean decode as in figure out what they mean , not decode as the opposite of encode . 
  could be wrong , though . 
  / u/tuniltwat , you can open the . txt directly in pleco , but i 'm not sure about what to do on the kobo . 
   it is not homework but the teacher will ask me to translate this tomorrow for a grade, 
  how did this sentence escape your hands in its entirety ? 
  i remember when the leftist subs officially endorsed revolutionary feminism , a close cousin of radical feminism . 
  that was about four years ago . 
  these days it 's all liberal bullshit . 
  they can call it `` proletarian feminism '' all they want to , but it 's still the same old offensive , patriarchy reinforcing , woman ignoring , homophobic rubbish . 
  i also remember when the leftist groups i organized with irl were n't dominated by people identifying as `` queer '' . 
  unlike some people on this sub i 've mostly had good interactions with them personally despite the ideological differences , but i 'm so tired of everything being about queer this and trans that . 
  you 'd do way more to undermine the patriarchy by being the gender non-conforming man you are instead of coming up with names for why you 're special . 
   most of the leftist subs are garbage , but i actually received a few upvotes for arguing against prostitution in anarchism . 
  it 's not a very active sub , but yeah . 
  that 's all i 've got for you . 
  i came to this sub because of irl interactions with leftists . 
  i just have to keep my mouth shut when it comes to certain issues . 
  same thing on those subs . 
  i have to be really careful about how i approach any trans issues , if i do at all . 
  i 've been upvoted while raising concerns about the liberal trans movement on socialism as well . 
  i think a lot of people right now just stay silent to avoid being excluded and branded bigots . 
  for the most part i feel like the apprehension is more of an american thing . 
  like your anecdotes pointed out , it 's always kind of weird at first in europe and i do n't think people overthink it too much . 
  and this is why i do n't hesitate to talk to spanish speakers in spanish when i overhear them and it 's situationally appropriate . 
  you , as well as most spanish speakers i come across , are generally nice about it . 
  germans are n't really into talking to strangers without a reason , regardless the language . 
  it 's not that op should never try speaking german with germans , but they need to familiarize themselves with the social conventions . 
  chatting with the person behind you in line ? 
  not really a thing for strangers . 
  telling someone they 're putting their trash in the wrong place ? 
  totally fine . 
  this is a sub for making fun of wehraboos , not making fun of people who study things mishrae does n't like . 
  and of course you can publicly let your thoughts on gender studies or sociology be known , just like the people in this thread can call you out for being a dick . 
  wait , so the mods are coming to back up mishrae making fun of people who study things they do n't like ? 
  what a joke . 
  are n't you supposed to be making sure we 're having a nice jerk about wehraboos instead of waving your mod-dong at people you disagree with ( especially when votes show most other people are agreeing with bloodraven42 ) ? 
  have you checked the sidebar ? 
  specifically rule seven which links [ this part ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/learnjapanese/wiki/index ) ? 
  cool sub , generally nice user base , two shite mods on a power trip banning people for calling them out on being dicks . 
  not nearly enough of a reason for me to stop wanting to chuckle about wehraboos . 
  most of the germans i see in the states are short-termers on business trips visiting factories in the area . 
  but yes , i 'd expect long-termers to be more comfortable with the way americans communicate . 
  but still be aware that starting a conversation in german in a non-german way can throw people off . 
  my partner is german and we often speak german together , and when we run into other germans , it 's not uncommon to just kind of awkwardly avoid eye contact . 
  depends on the mood and situation , i guess . 
  we should just repost everything from sws to / r/wehraboosinaction . 
  i had no idea the mods of sws were that shitty . 
  yes , that 's why kobe bryant also does n't have a chinese name . 
  so are the two mods making autism jokes yesterday and banning people who called them out for their other inappropriate comments demodded already ? 
  i appreciate you saying you take it seriously , but without action it 's not worth much . 
  same reason english speakers do n't pronounce bach , van gogh , solzhenitsyn , gaddafi , or mao zedong with the `` exact pronunciation '' of what people who knew them called them . 
  our language does n't have the sounds for it . 
  they 're just making a point about how to implement agile management or projects or whatever . 
  i think it 's all business buzzword hooey , but my clients talk about it constantly so apparently it 's a big thing .
