  i like the way people interact , i usually like how polite we are . 
  we have the widest selection of delicious food from all over the world . 
  there 's tons of diversity in everyday life , not just where people are from or what they look like , but what people eat , what people do for fun , their values and aspirations . 
  almost every hobby you can think of has a following in the us , so no matter what you 're into , you can do it there . 
  we have some of the most beautiful landscapes in the world , and a variety at that . 
  i love our churches . 
  not that i 'm particularly religious , but i love going to singins and potlucks . 
  i like the music . 
  i love sitting around with family and friends playing music on the porch . 
  some countries have a music culture like the south , but not many . 
  american football is the most interesting sport in the world . 
  i actually like that so much stopping and thinking is involved . 
  plenty of bad things about the us too , but it 's still my favorite . 
  i was just trying to start a discussion and thought this video might be a good springboard for people to talk about it . 
  these stereotypes feel plenty broad to make for a good discussion here , but i guess that 's your call . 
  i do n't know what i 'd put in a self-post besides the stereotypes i already listed in the title . 
  those stereotypes were what i hoped to see discussed , especially as a counterpoint to the discussion on / r/gendercritical [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gendercritical/comments/5lab5x/men_are_oppressed_when_women_refuse_to_indulge/ ) . 
  i have nothing enlightening to say to put in a selfpost , and discussing harmful stereotypes of men seems very broad to me already . 
  no , but ve ah funny !, 
  you do not undastand ze germaan sense for humor !, 
  it is very strange , zat zey sink ve ah not funny . 
  yes , i am . 
  most people slide into their gender roles without thinking about it too much . 
  having more freedom to dress different ways , act differently , etc. 
  without social consequences wo n't be something most people reject . 
  untangling biological sex from all the stereotypes around it will take a very long time , and exactly how to effect social change is a really big topic . 
  i would say schools are the best and most efficient avenues for change at the moment , as a short answer . 
  i was talking about the thread as a whole , not the post itself . 
  you 're being referred to by complete strangers ( and a lot of them ) by the color of your skin . 
  that 's not a particularly pleasant experience over a long period of time , regardless whether laowai is an offensive term in and of itself , whatever that means . 
  personally , i view laowai like the word gringo . 
  it can be used endearingly or hatefully . 
  it does n't bother me if friends say it . 
  when people are trying to be friendly , i generally tell myself they do n't mean anything by it , even though i do n't particularly like it . 
  and random people on the street yelling laowai can kiss my ass . 
  waiguoren is n't generally yelled at white people on the street , so it 's generally safer and that 's what i 'd rather people use if they 're not sure . 
  generally though , as long as people are treating me like a human being , i wo n't get too caught up about what words they 're using . 
  i disagree about germanic  romance . 
  german and icelandic are a bit harder than the romance languages like french and spanish , but most of the germanic languages are n't . 
  the romance languages also have a difficult outlier like german , romanian , but it 's not as popular . 
  i also disagree that slavic languages are easier than nonindoeuropean languages . 
  major languages like indonesian and swahili are generally considered easier , despite not being related at all . 
  i 'm also hesitant to think that near eastern indo-european languages like persian and hindi are any harder than slavic languages . 
  like others are saying , german is just slightly harder than spanish . 
  if you want something a little less similar , indonesian and swahili should only take about 50 % longer than spanish to learn . 
  motivation trumps difficulty every time though , so learn what you want to learn most . 
  swahili being easier than korean is n't much help if you do n't care enough to study it . 
  [ fsi language difficulty ] ( http://www.atlasandboots.com/foreign-service-institute-language-difficulty/ ) chart might be useful for you . 
  romance verbs are generally pretty easy for english speakers because they 're quite similar to our verbal system . 
  you can memorize every spanish conjugation paradigm and every irregular verb five times over by heart by the time you start to really be able to use \u4e86 and \u904e and \u662f ... \u7684 and the other verbal constructions correctly in chinese . 
  yes and no . 
  if i spend a couple of months trying to improve my listening in another romance language , i feel nothing . 
  i really only bothered because not understanding french pissed me off . 
  i 'm almost to that point with italian because i have some coworkers who speak italian , but i can mostly figure out what they 're talking about any way . 
  i hate not knowing what they 're saying about it , though . 
  i got a real rush from starting to enjoy native materials in chinese ( 5th language ) , though . 
  i imagine i 'd get a similar buzz from any truly new language . 
  closely related languages are just frustrating , for the most part . 
  most all of my chinese study was sentence flashcards . 
  mike campbell explained why studying sentences is better than words . 
  note , though , that it 's not about memorizing sentences . 
  that 's just a side effect . 
   memorizing rules has never let anyone achieve fluency in a foreign language . 
  only mass amounts of practice has . 
  let me touch on each of these . 
   pronunciation : in languages like english , our words undergo a lot of pronunciation and intonation changes when words get into sentences . 
  these things may be easier for european students , but for asian students it can be really difficult . 
  likewise is true with languages like chinese . 
  the pronunciations and tones we learn from individual words change once they go into a sentence . 
  by following the intonation of a sentence , it 's much easier to sound native rather than trying to say every word with its own tone . 
   syntax : syntax is not an easy subject and there are so many rules that can be written . 
  i find it easiest when i can recognize the parts of speech in a sentence , such as nouns , verbs , adjectives , and just pay attention to what order native speakers put them in . 
  some languages like german and chinese have subject-verb-object word order however are pretty strict about moving that order around in certain circumstances . 
  if you do n't pay attention , or try to create your own sentences with what you think is intuitive , it 'll create bad habits . 
   vocabulary : people do n't really understand vocabulary . 
  vocabulary only really takes on meaning when it is used appropriately in a sentence or paired with other words , known as collocations . 
  and because of this most dictionaries are not that useful . 
  the best dictionaries today are those made from databases and are collocation built dictionaries . 
   consider the word ` have ' in these examples : 1 ) have him do it . 
  ( causative ) 2 ) i 'll have a coffee . 
  ( consume/eat/drink ) 3 ) have you heard from him ? 
  ( perfect verb ) . 
   none of these uses of ` have ' actually have the meaning that we associate with ` have ' . 
  so if you directly translate the way you use ` have ' it makes no sense in another language . 
  after a lifetime in lexicography , patrick hanks reached the alarming conclusion that words do n't have meaning . 
   grammar : like i said above , memorizing rules , especially grammar rules does no good for anybody trying to become fluent . 
  grammar is really only useful for those who have already acquired a language and are looking to improve their communication skills and sound more educated or professional . 
  the only thing we need to be aware of when starting a language is the nature of the language : isolating , fusion , agglutinative , or polysynthetic . 
  knowing that declensions and conjugations exist is important . 
  we ca n't be ignorant to what exists grammatically in a language , but we can at the beginning be ignorant to what all those grammatical details are and just be aware of them as you encounter them . 
  the amount of time it takes to master languages differs much less than the amount it time it takes to be become competent . 
  mastering any language is a huge task . 
  those things are easier for beginners and early intermediates in spanish because they have analogous constructions in english ( excluding estar/ser , subjunctive depends on english dialect ) . 
  even though they 're used differently , you can get it half correct right off the bat and improve from there . 
  if you read a text from a chinese learner at an advanced beginner or early intermediate level , there 's a good chance it will look like they either 1 . through darts to determine what construction/aspect marker to use or 2 . translated simple past as \u4e86 , perfect as \u904e , and so on , which is wrong more often than it 's right . 
  i agree that they 're roughly equally difficult to master ( i 'd still say spanish is easier , but much less so ) , but that kind of misses the point of how much easier spanish is along the way . 
  i was talking more specifically about those grammar points that laylomo was talking about . 
  yes , the vocab discount for romance languages is one of the big things that makes them easy . 
  but in defense of what i was saying , a learner can get to a c1 level in spanish four or five times faster than a learner of chinese . 
  from c1 to near native , i 'd expect that difference to be much smaller , maybe only twice as fast .
