  the reasoning in that forbes article is pretty funny . 
  if there 's enough cash flow , then the corporations can pay off the debt and the interest from profit without taking another loan . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  the only way that works without relying on workers to consume more than they earn in wages is to assume that bankers also consume the same amount of interest they receive . 
  like that would ever happen . 
   then you would have the most powerful political tool entirely out of the hands of private bank owners . 
  why would that be a bad thing ? 
  i used to align pretty closely with the far left ideologically on most every issue . 
  i was very politically active . 
  as i got older , i met more and more people that were going to try to take advantage of every little thing they could , consequences to others be damned . 
  i lived in other countries , and realized they were n't fucking around and their governments and people had no interest in absolute , universal rules or morality like i thought our government should . 
  even though i still like a lot of leftist ideas , i do n't think they would make for a viable modern state in the world we 've got . 
  i also increasingly value stability , and honestly i see as many practical , peaceful , and effective solutions for my major concerns , e.g. 
  inequality , imperialism , attacks on free speech , etc. , coming from the right as the left . 
  if i had to narrow it down to issues where my views have changed , i 'd say i am much more skeptical of social engineering by the government , i do n't care as much about the environment , and i recognize that there are historical examples of private forces working for the good of the country and its people as opposed to my formerly near-absolute anti-bourgeoisie viewpoints . 
  what has not changed is that i have always been and will always be strongly pro-gun . 
  political power grows out of the barrel of a gun , which is why it 's imperative that the people are armed . 
  weird , i like starkville a lot better than oxford . 
  given , i only ever went to oxford for concerts , so i have n't spent much time around other parts of the city . 
  i think tuscaloosa is a great city to study in , as well . 
  unfortunately you then have to go to bama , but it 's nice otherwise . 
  as developing countries catch up with the developed world and people have more opportunities that do n't depend on the west in some way , i see english getting pushed out by regional lingua francas . 
  english proficiency in latin america is pretty low at the moment , mostly because the hispanophone community is big enough that you do n't really have to look outside of it to have a fulfilling life almost no matter what your hobbies or profession is . 
  same story in china , < 1 % of the population speaks english and they 're scaling back teaching it in school . 
  learning mandarin has already taken off pretty well in thailand , and we 'll see study increase around the rest of asia , especially in smaller countries . 
  russian , arabic , mandarin , and spanish all stand to gain as regional lingua francas at english 's expense . 
  it 'll probably remain the global lingua franca for a while , but people will have less use for a global lingua franca . 
   english is the language of over 80 % of the internet, 
  that 's absurd . 
  just because most westerners never encounter the chinternet does n't mean it 's not huge . 
  right now chinese has more first-language internet users than english and about as much content online , even though it 's centered around fewer , higher-traffic sites due to when and how the internet developed there . 
  there is no way in hell the english-speaking internet is more active than chinese and russian internet spheres combined . 
  what language does a thai person speak when trading with a chinese person ? 
  a decade ago it was a lot more likely to be english than it is now . 
  we 're starting to see similar trends in places like mongolia and cambodia . 
  yes , brazilians and chinese people will probably use english with each other for years to come , which is why i said english will probably remain the global lingua franca . 
  that said , regional lingua francas will replace a lot of the situations we currently use english for , namely communication within the spheres of influence of newly rich speech communities . 
  what you said is that 80 % of the internet is in english . 
  that 's demonstrably untrue . 
  even if everyone in the world outside of china only used the internet in english , that still would n't be true . 
  i 'm not arguing that chinese will replace english as a global lingua franca , only that it will gain prominence as a lingua franca in its sphere of influence , displacing some of the international communication that english is currently used for . 
  a tiny , tiny fraction of chinese people use the english internet . 
  tiny . 
  the russian internet is significantly more active than any language besides english and chinese , and maybe japanese . 
  i know chinese and frequent chinese sites , it has just as much to offer as the english internet . 
  heh , i use pretty much all of these , all very good recommendations . 
  i have n't tried beelinguapp yet , but it looks good . 
  people read the front page ? 
  romanian seems a bit out of place there . 
  gadsden is still a lot like what you 're describing . 
  i do n't know about the rodeo part , but sports are huge , there 's a huge sense of community , the closest thing that passes for fashion is carhartt , we hang out at each others ' houses a lot , people are constantly taking each other food , etc. 
  if , god forbid , someone in your family gets seriously ill you better hope you have a spare freezer . 
  do n't know what boutiques are , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  there are a few mom and pop stores still around , but not nearly as many as there used to be . 
  we have one of the nicest downtowns i 've seen for a town that size , though . 
  i know a few people who moved here from other places ( including a couple of yankees ) who wanted a simpler life and they seem happy as they can be with no plans of moving . 
  hate to break it to you , but almost everywhere has mobile internet besides a couple of hollers , so iphones taking over at social set-ups happens everywhere . 
  i just tend not to hang out with people who do it . 
  edit : fair warning , the bullshit that comes with small communities is strong there as well . 
  you should hear the fallout from some people in cherokee county that let their horses starve recently . 
  the sheriff did n't do anything til the horses were dead and then arrested the people after neighbors bought the horses and called in a vet , who ended up having to put at least one of them down . 
  from looking at facebook you 'd think a race war is going to break out tomorrow . 
  the number of websites is n't indicative of the amount of content . 
  that 's a very english-centric view of the web . 
  i explained earlier that chinese content is centered around fewer , more-trafficked sites . 
  the christian family - baby wants more 7 '', 
  low-fi garage rock/proto-paisley-punk . 
  four tracks as dry and dusty as the arizonan desert they come from . 
  female vocals reminiscent of courtney love paying homage to the fuzztones . 
  intricate and very tastefully arranged 7 '' gatefold sleeve in a modern psychedelic design . 
  anyone who finds themself in the keywords here will probably like the record a lot . 
  ( christopher ), 
  slope records, 
  german 's in the same family as swedish , afrikaans , dutch , and norwegian , but it 's not listed there because it 's got more stuff that is more challenging to english speakers than the others in the group . 
  romanian is the same way . 
  it 's got three genders and five cases , which is pretty much the same thing that separates german from its relatives on the list . 
  goochymayn never said it was n't real socialism , just that socialism had nothing to do with it . 
  government corruption , corporate collusion , and oil prices all played a bigger role than socialism in my opinion , though it certainly was a factor . 
   chavez also created a dependent judiciary , ruled by decree , intimidated the media , and jailed political opponents . 
  stuff like this happens in lots of countries , socialist or not . 
   periodic elections still were held , but were unfree in most every way . 
  except for all the international observers saying they were okay , at least during chavez 's rule . 
  maduro 's a bit more heavy-handed and does n't play the democracy game like chavez did . 
  because they do ? 
  socialist governments arise almost exclusively in the developing world , and they are very likely to become corrupt , like most third-world governments . 
  the variety of socialism found in northern europe tended to show similar levels of corruption to the non-socialist states around them . 
  imagine that . 
  i 'll let a native translate it to german , but just a word on the english : compromise is n't the right word there . 
  i guess you 're translating it from comprometer-se ? 
  i would say `` the pet owner promises to '' or the `` the pet owner agrees to '' . 
  while i 'm at it :, 
   ( ps : pls note me if there 's anything that could be improved in the english form ), 
  pls ** let me know ** if there 's ... 
  so socialists are like bankers ? 
  no , the words are town and city are often interchangeable in the us . 
  you 'd probably never call nyc a town , and you 'd probably never call a town of 500 a city , but no one would bat an eye at calling mid-sized municpal areas towns or cities . 
  the word village is not normally used to talk about places in the us , and hamlet is a shakespeare play . 
  ! translated, 
  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=a1+a2+b1+etc . 
  i saw an aspiring german teacher , native german through and through , actually teach `` ich habe ein stift '' as part of their sample lesson they do as part of the interview .
