  without knowing more details , i 'd have to recommend uzbek . 
  it has almost half its vocabulary from chinese . 
  mostly middle chinese , i think , which generally sounds more like cantonese than mandarin . 
  in simplified , sure , but hai is complaining that the program does n't accept traditional characters . 
  \u746a\u9e97 is the accepted way to write mary in traditional characters . 
  i went through a phase where i was n't into textbooks , but these days i see them as the fastest way to get a foundation in a language i 'm not familiar with . 
  i 'd never use one for a language related to one i know like french or dutch , but for anything starting from true beginner , i 'd recommend textbooks wholeheartedly . 
  i do n't have to get translation practice from duolingo , real audio from podcasts , grammar from wikipedia or whatever , vocabulary from memrise , etc. 
  in a textbook , it 's all in one place , structured in an easy to digest way ( if it 's good ) . 
  not liking textbooks is fine . 
  most of the social-type learners i know are n't big textbook people , but why would you say they 're the worst ? 
  glossika 's the best language-learning series to come out since assimil , in my opinion . 
  i find them super useful . 
  your assessment of the pros and cons is good , but what do you mean by could be more compact ? 
  do you mean introduce the same amount of content in fewer sentences ? 
  avistas.to has the best collection i 've seen . 
  i do n't watch a whole lot of japanese movies , but their selection of old chinese movies is pretty good . 
  if you do n't have an account already , let me know and i 'll send you an invite . 
  it 's not . 
  that 's [ an old theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altaic_languages ) that has almost no academic support these days . 
  it 's related to other mongolic languages , but there are no proven relationships to languages outside that familly . 
  to quote the linked user :, 
   no one likes neo-nazis . 
  national socialists are fine . 
  [ seriously ] ( https://www.np.reddit.com/r/european/comments/4bytdg/i_suggest_that_a_muslims_murder_may_not_be_racist/d1ecs35 ) . 
  this is n't even wehrabooism , just straight up fascism . 
  get your mandarin to a solid level before starting cantonese . 
  after that , there 's not some magical secret or technique for learning two languages . 
  practice mandarin for an hour ( or however long ) , then cantonese for an hour . 
  your knowledge of mandarin will make cantonese easier , but you 'll notice the similarities without having to do anything special . 
  mandarin does n't have trilled rs either , beijing or otherwise . 
   i feel like my civil rights are being violated . 
  that made me chuckle pretty good . 
  the michel thomas course is egyptian , not msa . 
  i 'll let people who know more about arabic answer the question , though . 
  i 'm still very much a beginner when it comes to japanese , but i 'll tell you my experience with chinese , which is a comparably hard language . 
  where you 're at is totally normal after six months . 
  it was a couple of years before i could read simple comics well enough to enjoy it ( ~ 80 % comprehension , probably less ) , and now after 4-5 years i 'm still only okay . 
  i can read novels , the news , and communicate pretty well in speech as long as it 's not too unusual , but i 'm far far far from where i 'd like to be . 
  that 's at a 30-60 minutes a day pace plus some movies/tv , more or less . 
  plenty of people learn faster , but japanese is about as hard as it gets for westerners . 
  you seem to be doing the right things , just give it another six months and things will start clicking . 
  keep trying to read yotsuba !, 
  every once in a while , try to practice as much as you can , listening and speaking , and generally do n't let up . 
  i think your expectations were just a little high . 
  you 're not supposed to be good after finishing part 1 of a beginner textbook . 
  it 's a tough first language , but it 's faster to go ahead and jump in instead of learning something you 're less interested in first . 
  just keep your expectations realistic . 
  it 'll probably be five years before you 're good enough to feel like you actually speak chinese , but you should be able to enjoy twitter , tv shows , etc. 
  after a couple years . 
  the toughest part is the first year , because your skills are so limited you ca n't even make small talk for more than a few minutes or understand much of what you read , no matter how simple . 
  not south american , but cherokee also inflects for how you came to know the information . 
  an hour a day is a good starting point . 
  if you 're getting burned out , lower it a bit . 
  if you can do more , do more . 
  just take care not to get burned out . 
  it 's easy to spend four hours a day while you 're super motivated and not that busy at work/school , but if that level of motivation lasts more than a couple of months you 're a rare individual . 
  my personal rule of thumb is to try and stop while i still want to keep studying . 
  that leaves me looking forward to studying later or the next day . 
  of course some weeks you do n't want to do anything and you just have to push through . 
  i would recommend a good textbook . 
  pavc is my personal favorite and you can torrent it if you prefer pdfs , but there are other good series . 
  after finishing a series of textbooks ( or before , but especially after ) , start trying to incorporate more native material into your daily routine . 
  also anki . 
  i personally ca n't imagine how some people learn the characters without anki . 
  writing them over and over ? 
  sounds horrible . 
  check out memrise for character study if anki does n't float your boat . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=perseus:text:1999.01.0155 ) you can find entries from a few dictionaries which are n't geared specifically toward christianity/the new testament . 
   i watched spanish shows , listened to spanish podcasts , practicing spanish by speaking it with my buddy, 
  how many hours would you estimate you spend on these activities a week ? 
  how much time have you spent on these things total ? 
  do you use subtitles when you watch spanish tv ? 
  i 'm asking because stuff like that is what most people recommend , and the most common way for it not to work is if you do n't spend enough time doing it . 
   he is from colombia though, 
  i do n't really get the `` though '' . 
  colombian spanish is no worse than any other , and the colombian accent is very clear and similar to the pan-latin american spanish used in the media . 
  i love the way they pronounce their g 's and d 's between vowels . 
  college is a great time to learn languages , but i 'd skip on the classes . 
  the teacher should be giving you more talking time , but do n't be afraid to talk more in class , even somewhat out of turn . 
  interrupt her monologue to ask something about what she 's talking about . 
  draw out the conversation . 
  since she has n't set a predominantly german speaking environment , it will be weird , but go for it . 
  most ( i hope ? ), 
  teachers wo n't give you shit for speaking the target language unless you 're way off-topic or disruptive . 
  you say she seems nice . 
  she probably wants to see her students learning and interested in german . 
  just give her that and use the opportunity to practice your german as well . 
  no , this should n't be your responsibility , but that 's what i 'd do until you can change teachers or whatever . 
  solid advice . 
   i have spent several years learning many things independently because i work in a high-tech field that requires constant learning in order to succeed . 
  i think that has given me a leg up in learning languages on my own . 
  another thing that gives people a huge leg up on knowing how to learn languages is having learned to play an instrument before . 
  they 're both skills that have more practicing than studying , training your muscle memory , and you start off by mimicking other people , gradually becoming more independent and less reliant on directly copying others . 
  not in american english , or at least not that i 've heard . 
  that 's a chicken sandwich to me . 
  i was confused the first time i heard some british co-workers talking about kfc chicken burgers , which to my knowledge kfc did n't offer . 
  what do you mean by foreign ? 
  yeah , i was just hoping to make them think about what the term foreigner means in an international environment . 
  or anywhere besides china , really .
