  what is the object ? 
  double check , they 're in weird places for an english speaker . 
  the subject is die juden , which is plural , so the verb has to be plural too , brauchen . 
  a ) this is a huge help, 
  b ) eh , as someone with a musical background , i do feel like tones were easier for me than some people , but it 's not like i did n't have to work on them . 
  c ) the grammar of mandarin is very different from all those languages you listed . 
  you will have to learn it , and it 's a huge pain in the ass . 
  easier because you 're used to learning other languages , but still something you 'll likely want to study . 
  you can pick up a lot of it just by learning sentence patterns , but it 's difficult no matter how you approach it . 
  i know there 's a minority of people who think chinese grammar is easy , but take what they say with a shaker full of salt . 
  i ca n't figure out what to do with your second paragraph . 
  you know mandarin music does n't pronounce the tones , right ? 
  or are you talking about doing this with russian ? 
  do the duolingo course and start talking to people , reading books , etc. 
  esperanto is easy enough you do n't really need to worry too much about how . 
  pick a course , work through , practice , and you 're ready to start communicating . 
   unlike a significant amount of beginners of esperanto , i am actually interested in learning esperanto to full fluency . 
  not to dull your sparkle , the many of the beginners who ended up abandoning esperanto said this too . 
  they 're americans in my view , but for some reason a lot of younger people of chinese descent have this weird idealization of china and seem to care more about its success than the us . 
  it 's a minority , but if you spew nonsense like the jackasses that hang out on places like sino , aznidentity , asianmasculinity , etc. , i fully reserve my right to not think of you as american . 
  but no , generally , i associate americanness with a set of shared experiences and values , not a race . 
  i by default assume people who look asian i see in the us or on tv are americans until they indicate otherwise . 
  thinking of liberals as leftists is a bizarre quirk of the american political landscape . 
  everywhere else , liberalism is a right-wing thing or it 's own thing , and i think they 're right in thinking so . 
  the difference between republicans and democrats economically is which industries they legislate for . 
  they do n't have significantly different visions of what the economy should look like . 
  i 'm not familiar with the latter , but i think anti-fa is ridiculous . 
  not that i 'm opposed to agitating for a political cause , but anti-fa is bunch of whiny rich kids who exalt things like disabilities , mental illness , and race as values in and of themselves . 
  [ it 's also the first thing that came up when i searched leo for `` compared to '' . 
  ] ( http://dict.leo.org/german-english/compared%20to ), 
  we 're self-sufficient for the most part . 
  the only foreign media that seems to have real staying power is japanese , but still that 's only well known in certain parts of the population , and japanese domination of video games has been over for a while now . 
  plus , it 's just the movies/shows/games , all the other pop culture stuff that goes along with it is very niche in the us . 
  americans are also much more familiar with british pop culture than any other , but it 's nothing compared to how common american pop culture is in large chunks of the world . 
  i think the alabama state flag is great , but can i submit my [ city 's flag ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/u/us-algad.gif ) as one of the worst i 've ever seen ? 
  useful for what ? 
  for work ? 
  not so much at the moment . 
  for meeting new people and talking to people from all over the world ? 
  esperanto 's pretty useful . 
  guatemalans and koreans . 
  the koreans are concentrated around the army base and mostly came after the korean war , and mostly women . 
  they 're very well integrated at this point , and the kids are indistinguishable from everyone else there except in how they look . 
  there 's still a korean church and a restaurant , but the community is dwindling . 
  they 've tried to close the restaurant before , and if they did , it would mean no korean food within 90 minutes of me . 
  it 's got to happen sometime , though . 
  the guatemalans have been coming in large numbers since around 15 years ago . 
  they 're not particularly well-integrated linguistically , but everyone gets along pretty well for the most part . 
  the big exception is in education : the tiny school there was n't ready for a huge influx of esl students and still is n't , and it does cause problems and frustrations . 
  i mostly hear the white side of it , but i 'm sure it goes both ways . 
  it 's still strange to see a tiny , one-block main street in rural alabama with 25 % of the signs in spanish sometimes . 
  there 's even a guatemalan shipping company set up an office there . 
  overall , though , i love having a little variety . 
  having a latin american grocery store nearby so i do n't have to drive to the nearest city is nice , and the weekly market is a lot more lively thanks to them . 
   are people able to understand music without tones ? 
  for the most part , yes . 
  all the music videos are subtitled anyway . 
   if so , why are they necessary in normal conversation ? 
  it makes it easier to understand , for one . 
   what about music like rap , which seems more akin to speaking than singing . . would tones be used there ? 
  yes , but any kind of melody normally takes precedence . 
  some ( especially rap ) songs have melodies that work with the tones , if that makes sense , kind of like they do in cantonese ( i 've heard cantonese music does this , i do n't know enough cantonese to say ) . 
  a2 in a year ? 
  sure , that 's possible . 
  with germans in particular , i do n't take it too seriously because there are germans who obsess about just about every culture but their own , moreso than other places . 
  swedophiles are a big thing in germany , francophiles , canadaphiles , all kind of philes , and that 's not even bringing in the weird noble savage-esque obsession some germans have with certain parts of the developing world and/or american indians . 
  in general , i see ameriphiles the same way i 'd see anglophiles or francophiles in the us . 
  it 's an unusual interest , and there could be some weird inferiority complex going on , but it 's also completely harmless sometimes . 
  the first time i tried to get a visa in germany the bureaucrat 's room was covered in pictures of her ( apparently many ) vacations where she dressed up as cowboys and indians . 
  it was kind of weird , but on the other hand , i was pretty sure she was n't anti-american . 
  if you 're willing to pay , i feel like my tones and chinese in general got a lot better going through glossika . 
  shadowing tv shows is good as well . 
  slow romance dramas with lots of talking are n't exactly hard to find . 
  books tend to be written in language that does n't carry over to colloquial speech particularly well . 
  some are more colloquial than others , but i still would n't recommend it . 
  even if you just do it to focus on the tones , audiobook readers enunciate much more clearly than anyone in china unless they 're reading a teleprompter . 
  there 's a big difference in how chinese sounds reading it from a page and speaking naturally . 
  the language in tv shows can be a bit overstandardized sometimes as well , but there 's more diversity than in audiobooks . 
  i do n't like ted talks for a lot of reasons , but i do n't see why you could n't shadow them . 
  you wo n't work out tones before beginning . 
  aim to be able to identify and produce them in isolation before you begin . 
  pronouncing them like a native means putting together whole sentences , where tones change due to the tones around them , position in the sentence , sentence-level stress , and prosody . 
  that does n't come quick . 
  think of it this way . 
   i 'm already comfortable with several thousand japanese characters . 
  relevant , does n't sound like bragging . 
  maybe could have done without the emphatic several , but small issue . 
   learning a new one takes mere seconds, 
  this adds nothing to the conversation that was n't in the sentence before it , so since there 's no other reason for it to be there , the natural conclusion is that you 're giving yourself a wank . 
  there were a couple of other points in your post where it 's not the information that makes you sound iamverysmart , but the little additions that only serve to let us see how you view yourself . 
   i will basically be able to parrot off anything i hear with correct tones/intonation . 
  even the most talented of chinese learners probably had a laugh at that . 
  you 're not the first good mimicker to learn chinese or the first person with perfect pitch or whatever . 
  the perceived lack of self-awareness adds to the iamverysmart vibe . 
  i do think sounding like a tv anchor is better than being wrong , and how you want to talk is your business , but you 've got to think about your listening comprehension , as well . 
  learning a chunk of a speech like that is okay , but you could be more efficient if you included it with other parts of your study . 
  i was already a2 when i started glossika , but that 's what i liked about it . 
  the first 1000 sentences were n't new material , so i focused almost entirely on being able to pronounce them perfectly . 
  the last 2000 sentences i was expanding my vocab and grammar knowledge while also practicing pronunciation at a sentence level . 
  but yeah , what you 're talking about doing with a ted talk definitely wo n't hurt .
