   foreign names of buildings are definitely corruptive and immoral . 
  it 's not just china . 
  i personally ca n't stand chicago because the streets all have funny foreign polack names . 
  i even saw a gandhi street one time . 
  what the hell ? 
  also , no spaghetti , kebap , and sure as hell no panini . 
  we ca n't even use the the word right , one is a panino !, 
  western society is in decay , and we ca n't help but exoticize and fetishize foreign names , food , and customs and use them just to be cool without really understanding them . 
  we must clearly see that the international hostile forces are stepping up strategic attempts to internationalize the west , and ideological and cultural fields are a focus for long-term infiltration . 
   mark zuckerberg actually speaks quite decent chinese, 
  he 's hard to understand . 
  for me , that 's the number one question of how good someone 's chinese is : can they communicate ? 
  that 's cute and all that his teacher did n't teach him the tones properly , but you can learn the tones much better than zuckerberg with no teacher at all . 
   so i know that i 'm capable of learning outside of a classroom, 
  it 's impossible to give an answer that 's right for every person , but if you know you 're motivated and know how to learn by yourself , the minor will have very little to offer . 
  a level test from telc or the goethe institute means more to an employer than a minor . 
  even a major does n't necessarily mean you speak the language well . 
  on the other hand , if you 'd like more structure , the motivation of grades , and a teacher , classes would be an okay choice . 
  if you want to actually get good at german , most of your learning will be outside of class whether you take classes or not . 
  some good questions to ask yourself might be :, 
  am i motivated by grades ? 
  am i motivated enough to learn german without external pressure ? 
  am i disciplined enough to study a language in addition to all my schoolwork ? 
  would i gain anything from having german classes on my transcript ? 
  why do i need to know german in the first place ? 
  would classes take the fun out of learning ? 
  do i have experience self-teaching , for example a hobby like music or programming ? 
  tl ; dr , classes are unreliable and , even if good , insufficient to make you proficient in german , but you might want to take them anyways for other reasons . 
  just do n't rely on them . 
  in german , i sometimes pronounce things with the original pronunciations , because germans say that 's how you should do it and they 're into stuff like that . 
  depends on the audience and if i think they 'll understand me without germanizing it . 
  in every other language , i do an approximation that suits the language i 'm speaking . 
  like ore doorve and such . 
  if i 'm talking to another person with whom i share more than one language and code switching , that 's different , though . 
  yes , you would . 
  i hope it 's a consensual fetish thing . 
  blink twice if he wo n't let you leave . 
  always relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=konip69r6vg, 
  april '' on the site , in case anyone was n't convinced it 's a joke . 
  here 's a shitty translation of the [ story in english ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/aurra ) , in case anyone wants to read the whole thing . 
  for those who are okay with text only :, 
  sponsor gazprom on board : exclusive : mario g\u00f6tze is coming to schalke 04 - marl newspaper, 
  this the the transfer shock of the year : mario g\u00f6tze is coming from bayern m\u00fcnchen to schalke 04 . 
  according to our information , main sponsor gazprom and christian heidel played an special roll in g\u00f6tze 's transfer . 
  heidel took over horst heldt 's job as manager last summer . 
  the royal blues beat their revier rivals from dortmund to the punch . 
  bvb did everything they could to ensure g\u00f6tze 's return , but thanks to gazprom , the world cup hero is coming instead to gelsenkirchen . 
  the proximity to his former home was a deciding factor in the decision . 
  a transfer to liverpool to meet up with klopp was never on the table . 
  according to our information , the 23-year-old 's contract lasts until 2021 . 
  sources close to g\u00f6tze say the transfer fee will be 29.4 million euros , with the opportunity for further bonuses based on performance . 
  heidel as facilitator, 
  the transfer would n't have been possible without big support from the main sponsor gazprom . 
  the new manager heidel , who transfered from mainz to gelsenkirchen last summer , is the one who engineered the deal . 
  gazprom now holds 50 percent of the transfer rights to g\u00f6tze , the first arrangement of its kind in bundesliga history , and legally in a gray area . 
  the transfer is costing schalke just some 15 million euros . 
  that does n't come close to using up the money from the draxler sale ( 35 million ) . 
  heidel will still be able to open up the wallet even further come summer . 
  bvb cashes in, 
  the competition in dortmund missed out on getting g\u00f6tze , but their cash registers are ringing . 
  as a club which trained g\u00f6tze , borussia is receiving part of the transfer money . 
  the so-called training compensation will be around 1.2 million euros . 
  hans-joachim watzke said in a short first statement that he wants to reinvest the money into youth development programs . 
  g\u00f6tze played at bvb from 2001 to 2013 . 
  he rarely made an appearance on pep guardiola 's starting lineup in in munich . 
  g\u00f6tze will wear number 10 for schalke . 
  he 'll be playing defense with max meyer and leroy san\u00e9 . 
  mario g\u00f6tze will be joining benedikt h\u00f6wedes , with whom he won the world cup in 2014 . 
  the dortmund side was informed yesterday . 
  g\u00f6tze 's buddy reus und stadium announcer nobby dickel showed their telling faces on facebook :, 
  yeah , they 'd be more likely to listen to their dog . 
  i was on a train one time , and a guy bought a \u5145\u7535\u5b9d ( charger thingy , not sure what it is in english ) . 
  it did n't work , and the guy he bought it from happened to be near me when he came to complain . 
  the seller did n't want to give him his money back , the guy was showing him it did n't work , typical bullshit . 
  long story short , i suggested they check and see if it was a problem with the \u5145\u7535\u5b9d or the cable , because that would be easier to replace , and offered my cable to test it with . 
  the guy looked at me like i was an idiot and continued being a dumbass , getting no closer to solving his problem . 
  i said the same thing again , in different words . 
  the woman across from me ( who i had been talking to , had studied in beijing , and seemed relatively more comfortable with the fact that i was a foreigner ) sighed and repeated what i said , the guy tried it , and tada , it was just the cable that was broken . 
  i was talking to the guy about it afterwards and he understood my chinese fine , so it was n't a language problem . 
  that 's just one incident that comes to mind , but i regularly get the feeling people think i am about as smart as a goldfish in gutter oil , and if they ever realize i said something indicating that i 'm of average human intelligence , they 're surprised . 
  i 'm starting to think this is because , to many people , it 's not important whether a suggestion is good or not , but who says it , even for little stuff . 
  as a foreigner who does n't really fit in the hierarchy , no one has any reason to use or consider our advice . 
  although i do n't experience the blaming that much personally , i think that explains the blaming part of your question , too . 
  who gets blamed has more to do with hierarchies than having done something wrong . 
  we 're variably completely outside the hierarchy or below every chinese person , so why not ? 
  what 's the ping pong ball for ? 
  in the west , i associate this behavior almost exclusively with business and work life , or maybe some weird organizations like homeowners ' associations . 
  in china , it seems like many people have internalized this so much that it dominates private life , as well . 
  no , the only common ime i 'm aware of that uses tones is zhuyin . 
  i am a big fan of glossika courses as well . 
  definitely one of the best programs out there . 
  i like your suggestions one and two , but three and four would be dealbreakers for me , as in i do n't think i 'd be able to use it any more . 
  the fact that the recordings sound like average , day to day talking is what makes the course great for me . 
  without that , i might as well use some other book with a bunch of examples . 
  glossika has better quality recordings , more up-to-date vocabulary , and covers a wider range of relevant situations ( unless you 're a diplomat ) . 
  in addition , glossika includes the language 's writing system and ipa , even including seldom-used things like hanja or chu nom . 
  it 's also less repetitive , has less english explanation to wade through to find what i want , and uses a wider variety of registers . 
  no doubt . 
  glossika has a good amount of repitition , fsi way too much , in my opinion . 
  it just adds to the english and other things i have to sift through to get what i want .
