  it 's perfectly comprehensible and there are many competent esperantists who use an english r , a german r , a french r , etc. 
  i see why you 'd call the roll proper , but i 'd call it preferred rather than proper , and the other types of r less common rather than wrong . 
  plus , you 'll probably get it after a while anyways . 
  compare evildea 's accent in his old videos to his accent now . 
  i had been learning spanish for two years before i could roll my r at all . 
  do n't let it dissuade you from learning . 
  there 's really no language more tolerant of learners than esperanto . 
  aside from just watching a bunch of shows that you can mostly understand , subs2srs is the best tool i 've found for actively studying tv shows and movies . 
  pick the tv show you want to watch , preferably one that covers topics similar to other shows you want to watch and is n't too hard , load up the english and chinese subs , run it through subs2srs and import it to anki . 
  i usually just do it with pictures , audio , and the subs in both languages , but you can even set it to include video if you want . 
  seeing the english translations helps a lot with the colloquial speech and context-dependent stuff you may not otherwise get . 
  the chinese subs help with unusual accents . 
  i do n't understand who 's voting for roy moore . 
  i mean , i 'm not there right now and am obviously a little out of touch , but pretty much everyone i know including the conservatives ca n't stand that guy . 
  is he still riding his infamy from the 10 commandments thing or what ? 
   well , in this case you are ignorant because it 's simply impossible that you know enough about contemporary german literature to claim these things : every year there are thousands of new publications and you certainly have n't read them all . 
  i was making subjective statements based on my experience . 
  is your argument that no one knows enough to have such opinions ? 
  that 's fine if it is , at least it 's consistent . 
  i do n't think it 's very useful on a discussion forum , though . 
  i 'd agree with you wholeheartedly if my reddit musings had been published in a peer-reviewed journal or something . 
  i keyed off on you a bit because , unlike the other commenters who disagreed with me , you framed it as * my * ignorance instead of a difference of opinion or experience . 
   well , you did talk about german literature as a whole being worse than french and ukrainian literature . 
  present tense . 
  literary output . 
  now . 
  recently . 
  the other bit you quoted seems clear to me . 
  they are general condemnations of the current situation , not germany 's literary history as a whole . 
  a lot of great literature came out of germany post-wwii , but i maintain that it 's been a bit dead since then . 
  brow distinctions are useful , but i think they both represent important forms of cultural output for a country . 
  germany skews very heavily towards high-brow works , but i think we 're for the most part in agreement on that . 
  i think germany lacks middle-brow literature to a greater extent than other comparable markets . 
  it 's hard because i 'm either comparing it to significantly larger markets ( spanish , chinese , french ) or significantly smaller markets ( polish ) , but walking around the local mayersche or antiquariat is a much less german experience than walking around comparable bookstores in other places i 've lived . 
  just to be clear , i know this does n't mean or prove anything by itself , it 's just another sign . 
  the avid readers i know read fewer german books than , say , hungarians or poles or latin americans read their respective literature , whether it be high-brow , middle-brow , or unibrow . 
  here 's a [ bilingual text ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/russian/comments/641mma/metro_2033_bilingual_text/ ) of it , in case you 'd find it useful . 
  i feel like i 've kind of already gotten out most of what i want to say about german literature and music , but this is a great example of how different people 's impressions and experiences can be . 
  i had heard the stereotype , but i showed up in german and everyone spoke german to me . 
  i just spoke a bit , but i can count on one hand the number of times someone switched to english with me without me inviting it . 
  i certainly know more english speakers in germany than in , say , spain , but i 'd say only about half the people i know speak more than tourist english . 
  that 's a lot , but it 's nothing compared to northern europe , where they have thriving film and music scenes . 
  i also do n't agree with most any of the bit about americans being stupid and ignorant , either . 
  most people are ignorant about what they do n't care about on both sides of the ocean . 
  i also have n't noticed the musical education being better in germany , and markedly fewer students learn instruments , probably because it 's expected that they do so outside of school . 
  as someone who knows professional musicians in both countries , i have to disagree with you assessment of german musicians having higher artistic standards . 
  not that i think their standards are any worse , but i 've seen no shortage of dedication and high standards in either place . 
  anywhere from the semi-professionals playing local festivals all the way to the opera houses in smaller/poorer cities , the quality in germany just is n't at the same level , but mostly because there simply are n't enough musicians . 
  maybe it 's different outside of nrw , but check and see how many germans actually play in your local orchestra . 
  germany is a hotspot for musicians from all over the world to come because there 's simply more money there to support the arts than there are artists to perform . 
  even if we 're only comparing `` high-brow music '' , compare this [ data ] ( https://www.music.org/pdf/mihe/facts.pdf ) from the us to [ this data ] ( https://www.musikrat.de/fileadmin/files/musikrat/musikrat/presse/pms/2013/06_juni/pressemitteilung_studierende_musikberufe.pdf ) from germany . 
  the us has about 10 times more music students in post-secondary education than germany does . 
  very roughly controlling for population size , that means america has about twice as many people studying music per capita . 
  that 's not even beginning to count the millions of kids like me who grew up learning various types of folk or gospel music from family and friends and community , a phenomenon which seems much less common in germany . 
  all the opinion aside , the whole bit about german influencing english is very misleading . 
  german 's influence on english is significantly smaller than french , latin , greek , old norse , and probably spanish too . 
  they 're related ; the similarities are due to a common origin , not due to german 's influence . 
   kind of hard to be dismissive of germany 's artistic status or influence , when an english sentence can hardly be formed ( to that effect ) without using german loan-words . 
  there are no german loanwords in that sentence . 
  cognates , yes , but no loanwords . 
  because they come from the same place , not because the words are any more german than english . 
   but i am guessing this whole back-and-forth sprang ( as so many do ) from a casual reddit comment made without much thought, 
  that 's certainly true , but the conversation has made it this far . 
  it 's pretty cynical to assume people only study something they think they can get a job in . 
  i certainly did n't . 
  i was talking about professional musicians , not just people who say they 're musicians . 
  my criteria for that is making money with it . 
  we obviously have very different backgrounds , but if people are producing something others like and getting paid for it , that 's enough for me to call them musicians . 
  i generally consider people professionals when it 's their main job . 
  i do n't consider an artist better or worse because of the kind of education they received or even whether or not they can read music . 
   individual/personal dedication , will power and work ethic are much more powerful propellants than the disabling power of a education system comprising propaganda , obedience training , and exploitation of student 's financial well-being . 
  i completely agree , but the idea that more germans have this kind of engagement with music seems completely foreign to me . 
  you 're still conflating germanic and german . 
  german and english are both germanic . 
  their roots both go back to proto-germanic and beyond . 
  using words of germanic roots has nothing to do with the influence of german . 
  the german und is not any more or less germanic than the english and . 
  modern english is also a germanic language . 
  that does n't mean it or its germanic vocabulary comes from german . 
  it means it shares a common ancestor with german . 
  we could just as easily call the ancestor proto-anglic or proto-dutchic . 
  old english and old high german are contemporaries , and our germanic vocabulary comes from old english ( and some old norse ) , not old high german . 
  do n't let the terminology get you mixed up . 
  is there any language that has more in common with japanese than korean or vice versa ? 
  they are very similar from a learner 's perspective , like their grammar or shared sinoxenic vocab . 
  the lumber tariffs are pushing prices up . 
  that 's measurably good for my finances . 
  trump has also made me hate both sides of american politics even more than i did before . 
  it 's hard to measure , but not giving a shit about who wins whatever political conflict is going on this week is nice . 
  playing video games in your target language is great practice and all , but if you 're short on time , you should consider using study methods targeted towards whatever language goal you need to achieve in a short time . 
  may be , but that was n't the question . 
  american nuclear bombs ? 
  here in the [ palatinate ] ( https://www.google.de/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjlo_ur1_lvahwcvhqkhdu6dj0qfggomaa&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fen.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2fpalatinate_\\ ( region \\ ) & usg = afqjcneroclq7egnlm2jued5l16h8o1ufa ) ? 
  yeah , but maybe trump will shoot them at north korea soon , then we 'll be rid of them . 
  i figured they were talking about the bombs stationed in germany . 
  it 's not any more specific in german than in the english translation . 
  search for the movies you want to watch on rutracker.org, 
  i read it through completely in peace yesterday evening and i felt like i 'd been sent back in time . 
  it was a cool time that i would n't want to have missed . 
  no man has ever written something so beautiful , creative and honest for me .
