  to use other terms , if your primary motivation is instrumental , it makes sense to be demotivated by lots of overlap with english . 
  if your primary motivation is integrative , the overlap with english does n't matter too much . 
   cool . 
  now , if you act like an arrogant jerk or have that '' everyone should speak english to me because it 's the biggest language in the world '' attitude , what will they do ? 
  in my experience , the most arrogant english chauvinists are the continental europeans themselves . 
  `` i learned this , everyone learns this , why do n't you know this ? 
  you 're the problem here '' , that mindset . 
  this holds true in most countries , though . 
  the dutch speak more english than germans , but the rest still applies . 
  outside of amsterdam and border areas i mostly hear dutch when i 'm there , and i 'm a tourist . 
  good lord , what can you not eat ? 
  so far you 've only listed my biggest trigger foods . 
  i have to shit if i look at a nut , and i do n't even remember what celery looks like . 
  what is there a precedence for , exactly ? 
  yanbian is a population of ethnic koreans that have been living there for a very long time . 
  they 're not refugees . 
  people still argue about translations of the bible and it 's one of the most read documents of all time . 
  i frequently see stuff on the german news that i think loses or misrepresents something from the english and could have been phrased better . 
  just because a lot of people read something does n't mean the translations wo n't be contested or just flat out wrong . 
  it depends on the food . 
  tomatoes are a trigger but a fairly mild one . 
  i can eat a dish with tomatoes and feel the effects 6-8 hours later . 
  if i eat a hard trigger like popcorn i normally do n't make it all the way through the movie ( i try at least once a year because it 's tasty and i 'm a slow learner ) . 
  why is the formatting off on your digital books ? 
  i usually prefer digital as long as i 'm sure i 'll be able to charge my phone . 
  some of the people i know from birmingham pronounce the word mature with a / y / like the long german \u00fc . 
  it 's not common , but i hear it in english sometimes, 
  the bit about \u00f6 before r is only true for british english , i think . 
  they do n't sound anything alike to my american ears . 
  i had to learn \u00f6 just like the other sounds that do n't exist in english . 
  standard german ( or ruhr german , sometimes i do n't know which is which ) compared to standard american english :, 
  long e ( only exists in diphthongs in english ), 
  o ( long and short , long only exists in diphthongs ), 
  ch ( ach laut , ich laut shows up sometimes but it 's not a phoneme ), 
  short u ( as in unna ) . 
  this one does n't sound too different from english for me , but for the life of 'em none of my american family can pronounce it . 
  i could be missing something , but most of the other sounds can be brought over one to one or pretty close . 
  i moved to germany with worse german than you and never really studied after i got there . 
  i was a2 on a good day . 
  how much time are you spending with germans speaking german ? 
  you mentioned social gatherings . 
  how often do you meet with germans ? 
  do you have a german friend group you hang out with every week ( or german-speaking , the poles and turks your age probably speak much better german than you ) ? 
  the job thing depends on what you 're qualified for . 
  i 'm at the hospital right now , and i do n't think i 've met a floor doctor yet that speaks at a c1 level . 
  i do n't think my doctor could pass a b2 test . 
  he knows tons of medical vocab , but seems to not do genders at all , minimal cases , and every once in a while freezes up and just has to bow out . 
  outside of medical stuff , he drops off real fast . 
  ( i feel bad ripping on him , super nice , super competent , just not an experienced german speaker ) . 
  my point is , there are jobs that are happy to hire foreigners with mediocre german . 
  maybe you 're not a doctor , but get an apprenticeship for something no one wants to do if you have no other options . 
  no german wants to be a baker anymore , and there are good niches for being a german-certified baker if you end up moving somewhere else . 
  just search for stellenangebote hessen and go for it . 
  worst case scenario they tell you your german is too bad . 
  one of my friends was telling me about the first time he applied for a job in germany . 
  he said he did n't understand half of the interview questions and was faking it , and at one point one of the interviewers turned to the other and said `` er hat keine ahnung was du gefragt hast , oder ? '', 
  and he still go the job , which is not in a field particularly known for hiring foreigners . 
  if i had it to do over again , i would have studied more , so keep up the anki stuff . 
  be an extremely active listener : always ( when you have the energy to spare , i know it gets tiring ) be listening not just to what germans are saying but how they 're saying and compare it to what you would have said . 
  you 'll get there , just keep using it , keep practicing . 
  most immigrants had a bad time with the language at the beginning , too , and no small number have a bad time with it ten years later . 
  the fact that you 're concerned about a lack of progress after three months and are asking for advice puts you way ahead of the game already . 
  edit : adding a bit i forgot to respond to . 
   it \u00b4 s of course not really possible to keep whispering to people asking them what is being talked about , well it \u00b4 s not really possible in 1 on 1 conversations either without getting people quickly very annoyed . 
  it \u00b4 s really annoying to sit in awkward uncomfortabile silence due to not knowing what to add to a conversation i don \u00b4 t understand . 
  do n't bother people with questions . 
  just do your bit and sit there discreetly with leo on your phone . 
  look up the words you hear five times and still do n't understand . 
  sitting there awkwardly really sucks , i know . 
  i sat through probably literally hundreds of hours of coffee and cake with in-laws and grandmothers , going out with friends , and whatnot before i felt comfortable participating . 
  just participate when you feel comfortable . 
  you 'll get there . 
  the fsi course for spanish is one of the best , in my opinion . 
  one of the best spanish textbooks for self-learning and one of the best fsi courses . 
  my general view on this is that any explanation that does n't include both sociological disadvantages * and * cultural issues is probably coming from someone partisan one way or the other . 
  there 's no reasonable , fact-based way to completely discount the stuff xynix_ie is talking about , but no amount of liberal hand-waving will change certain less positive aspects of black culture , either . 
  the thing that pisses me off most is when people ( mostly liberals ) act like these stereotypes do n't exist . 
  they do . 
  they have a real basis . 
  the question is why and what do we do about it . 
  as a white guy , there are certain policies i can support to support the traditional family in the black community . 
  the cultural issue is kind of their problem . 
  it 's hard without knowing what you 're comparing to , but it feels pretty normal to me without a cap and a bit heavy with it posted . 
  i also like heavy pens and it 's not too light for me , though i do prefer it posted . 
  i stand corrected , do n't know why i misremembered that . 
  very solid advice . 
  my much less nuanced view is sociologist on policy , conservative doing charity work . 
  i appreciate a good onion article , but this is from over three years ago . 
  as much as i distrust the government , putting your faith and money in the financial establishment does n't seem much better . 
  the basic course . 
  the phonetics are unnecessary and can be ignored . 
  also , fsi being hard is kind of what fsi does . 
  it 's also very effective , and more comprehensive than most spanish textbooks . 
  no , what format are you using ? 
  if the next election were tomorrow i 'd vote for her . 
  economic populism and sensible views on international relations ? 
  i 'm on board . 
  i 'm taking it for the first time ever this week ( been lucky up til now ) . 
  i 'm taking 90mg . 
  not having a good time .
