  plus , i have to be consciously , actively trying not to weird germans out with what they consider too much information . 
  it 's much easier for me to just talk about whatever because that 's what i grew up with . 
  it 's not as thorough as fsi , but it has characters and does n't bore me to death . 
  the thing that surprised me , though , is that all the cantonese is written in simplified characters . 
  how common is this ? 
  do you know of any sites or forums where cantonese is written in simplified characters ? 
  also , if anyone else knows some better or more thorough books for learning cantonese from mandarin , i 'd be happy for suggestions . 
  there seems to be a dearth of written cantonese with matching audio ( or vice versa ) . 
  i discovered this [ show ] ( http://data.movie.kankan.com/movie/73421 ) a few days ago and love it . 
  some of my friends saw me watching it and now they want to watch it too . 
  the problem is that i ca n't find any english subtitles . 
  i already subbed the first episode into english for them , but it 'd save a lot of work ( and the subs would probably be better ) if you could point me towards some subs on the internet . 
  [ if there are no english subs on the internet yet , i 'll probably keep making them , because i really like this series and want to watch it again with my friends . 
  what is a good site to upload the subs to so people can find them ? 
  i really hope i 'm just a bad googler and that 's unnecessary , but it would be good to know ], 
  i was n't sure how to tag the post . 
  sorry if this is the wrong subreddit or if i 've unwittingly broken any rules . 
  edit : title should say 2013 , not 2014 . 
  i just moved to hungary a few days ago after completing the fsi course and listening to/reading the first harry potter book a couple of times in hungarian . 
  so far i 'm pretty pleased with how much i understand , but judging by people 's reactions , there 're a few simple situations where i 'm still saying the wrong thing . 
  people always immediately switch to english with me when i, 
  try to order gyros . 
  the menu always says gyros pit\u00e1ban , so i figured to order i would say something like `` gyrosat pit\u00e1ban k\u00e9rek '' . 
  is there something wrong with my grammar ? 
  how should i be pronouncing gyros ? 
  ( it seems to only happen with gyros . 
  buying other food generally goes more smoothly ), 
  try to buy cigarettes . 
  tbh i 'm pretty much at a loss . 
  i 've been saying `` lucky strike-et k\u00e9rek '' , and then they go straight to english . 
  the third problem does n't actually impede communication , but it bothers me that i ca n't understand what cashiers say after we 've completed the transaction . 
  first they usually say `` szia '' , and then some word that i think starts with an i or \u00cd , but i 'm not sure what it is . 
  i 'm guessing it means something like , `` have a good day , '' but i ca n't really hear what they 're saying . 
  after they say this , should i repeat it or is there a set response i should be using ( e.g. 
  the good news is that i 've been having more successes than failures , and people are switching to english with me less than i expected , but if someone could help me with these situations i 'd really appreciate it . 
  as soon as i find an apartment i 'm planning on getting a teacher , but until then i figured i 'd ask y' all for help , 
  i wish i had more pictures , but the signs in front of the gun store in leesburg are always good . 
  i was a little unsatisfied with the thread a day or two ago where we never learned who the jerks were making fun of the shooting in ferguson ( if the sign was real at all ) , so feel free to post any other offensive or otherwise racist signs from around the state . 
  it 's good to know what businesses support hatred , bitterness , racism , etc. 
  ( the one about larry means is n't racially charged , but i included it anyways because it 's so negative ) . 
  title is half-joking , but how should we go about choosing the sounds of the language ? 
  my first thought is sticking to a relatively small set of phonemes based on how common they are in natural languages , but it could go lots of different directions . 
  as long as we 're careful about biasing towards any particular language or group of languages , it should be okay . 
  what do y' all think ? 
  i found this link helpful for figuring out how common different phonemes are : http://web.phonetik.uni-frankfurt.de/upsid.html, 
  duolingo.com is a very popular free app and online language learning platform . 
  in addition to courses on languages like french and spanish , they 've also made a course for irish , a smaller , threatened language . 
  a cherokee course could be a great tool to generate interest in the language and help people learn . 
  here 's the link : http://www.poll-maker.com/poll282515xd185496e-10, 
  i 'll be in lianyungang , jiangsu this weekend and am curious if anyone here knows the area and can recommend places to go , things to see , etc. 
  i like nature , people-watching , live music , local food ( or non-local food , any food , really ) and anything that i do n't have in tier 4 , anhui where i live . 
  all tips and advice are appreciated . 
  i am really enjoying this book so far , but i feel like i 'm missing some of the significance of the \u8ff7\u8449 . 
  i assume it represents opium , but i know almost nothing about how opium affected chinese society . 
  assuming i only have a half remembered knowledge of the opium wars from high school , does anyone know of any articles or books that could help get me up to speed on the situation \u8001\u820d was commenting on ? 
  i 'm trying to help a couple of refugee camps in germany set up language labs where the refugees can go study german in their spare time . 
  the rooms are equipped with computers , but no internet , which is pretty limiting . 
  i was hoping some people here might have some good ideas for resources that would work well in this situation with the languages involved . 
  if the resources are good , there 's no problem in buying licenses , but free resources , youtube channels that we can download and put on the computer , etc. 
  are great as well . 
  the issue is complicated by the fact that there 's no dominant language at any of these camps . 
  the most common languages are probably arabic , persian , and english , but resources for kurdish speakers , somali , turkish , and plenty of others would be useful as well . 
  i already have a couple of shows from deutsche welle , flashcards , dictionaries , and phrasebooks ( though i 'd still like recommendations for particularly good ones ) . 
  i 'm currently going through youtube looking for helpful series , though it 's a bit difficult because i do n't speak any arabic or persian . 
  thanks in advance for any ideas . 
  * this was posted on / r/de today , but i thought it belonged here so i figured i 'd translate and crosspost . 
  before anyone starts with `` sex sells '' - that 's also annoying , but that 's not what i mean . 
  i mean these shitty detergent / cleaning supply commercials . 
  it always goes like this : man does some household task . 
  woman sees it and praises him . 
  but he does n't use product xy , so woman tells him how much better it is with xy . 
  smiling faces . 
  jingle . 
  i hate it . 
  according to this advertisement , men are apparently too stupid to wash clothes . 
  and women always know which product cleans what dirt where . 
  and men deserve praise just for cleaning out the dishwasher . 
  it 's the same old stereotype that `` men are n't cut out for domestic work , but women are '' . 
  this is bullshit in both directions . 
  and actually long outdated , i 'd think , but you see the same formula in ads over and over again . 
  ca n't we just be done with this shit ? 
  * edit : i tried to link the original post and automod killed it , so i 'm trying again . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  how to learn a language , targeted towards people teaching themselves at home . 
  feel free to jump around . 
  it turned out a bit dry . 
  ** learning strategies **, 
  the following are all valid , tested learning strategies , but they may not be right for your learning style or your goals . 
  this is not a collection of resources . 
  most learners use a combination of these techniques , even within one activity , and some resources are more suited to some techniques than others . 
  types of resources to be used with each technique will be included in the descriptions . 
  for simplicity 's sake , i describe each method as it is used as a primary learning strategy , but the principles behind why the strategies work can be applied to creating or altering other activities as well . 
  i try to keep theory and history to a minimum and focus on * how * , but i included enough so that you can google it or ask me in the comments if you want to learn more . 
  here are some questions to get you thinking about how you 'd like to learn :, 
  * are you social or outgoing ? 
  see # 6, 
  * do you love literature and reading ? 
  see # 1 , # 2 , and # 5, 
  * are you learning a language only for reading ?
