  i do n't keep up with polyglot celebrities that well , but most of the ones i can think of seem to spend most of their time on a particular method . 
  i was under the impression the average learner spent most of their time with a textbook/course . 
  i do n't have any evidence for any of that . 
  i always just kind of assumed . 
  maybe i just selectively remember forum posts . 
  i 'm exactly the opposite of what you described . 
  the idea of having to fiddle around and open different books every 30-60 minutes sounds like a pain in the ass , but after i get set up , studying is n't that tiring or boring . 
  i 'm not sure that i ever remember hearing about someone complaining that they did too much listening . 
  some people 's study is unbalanced because they spend too much time with books and writing , but the other way around must be very , very uncommon . 
  you mentioned elsewhere in the thread that you think grammar takes more time than vocab , whereas i think i 've spent a few handfuls of hours total focusing on grammar since i got out of school ten years ago . 
  i do n't see the point of doing anything more involved than looking up some declension tables from time to time . 
  the rest will become clear as time goes on . 
  thank you for posting this , by the way . 
  it 's started some good conversation , and i find it fascinating how very , very different people 's approaches can be . 
   [ citation needed ], 
  `` prostitution and trafficking in nine countries : an update on violence and posttraumatic stress disorder . '', 
  journal of trauma practice , vol . 
  3/4 : 33-74 ; and farley , melissa . 
  prostitution , trafficking , and traumatic stress . 
  haworth press , new york . 
  ] ( http://www.prostitutionresearch.com/pdf/prostitutionin9countries.pdf ), 
   and second , do you think the people working at mcdonalds or as pizza delivery drivers want to be doing that ? 
  is it economic coercion then ? 
  it is economic coercion to force people to work for low wages because they have no other choice , yes . 
  however , selling your time and labor is not the same as selling access to your body . 
   can you give a good reason why prostitution should be illegal because `` i do n't like the attitudes of the people involved '' , does n't count . 
  i do n't like coercive sexual behavior . 
  if coercive sexual behavior is an `` attitude '' , then so be it . 
  i do n't think prostitution should be illegal . 
  i think buying a prostitute should be illegal . 
  it 's much better for the women involved than either legalization or prohibition and attacks the problem at its source . 
  if you pay a restaurant $ 12 , do n't you feel entitled to food you ordered ? 
  men feel extra entitled to a woman 's body after they 've paid for it , which is in part responsible for the frequency of prostitute rape . 
  paying money and feeling entitled are in no way exclusive . 
   and by the way speaking of feeling entitled should n't adults be entitled to decide what to do with their own body ? 
  yes , of course . 
  people should do whatever they want . 
  and 89 % of prostitutes do n't * want * to be prostitutes . 
  thats why it 's my business . 
  because it 's coercive sex , which is what one person wants , not usually the other . 
   and if you do legalize prostitution the conditions will improve for the prostitutes , now they can go to the police if they get attacked or exploited without fear of being arrested . 
  they can do the same thing under the nordic model . 
  [ legalization leads to increased sex trafficking . 
  ] ( https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/ ) [ legalization makes it harder to target abusive pimps ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ) . 
   also it just means a cut in demand vs legalized prostitution so the women make less money . 
  make less money doing a job they do n't want to do . 
  more social services and more jobs for at-risk women are the solution to female poverty , not more johns . 
   the problem that men want sex or are willing to pay for it ? 
  the problem is that men want to have sex with women regardless of whether the women want to or not . 
  the roots of rape are n't so different . 
   this just seems like sex negativity and puritanism disguised as concern for the women . 
  if i had a nickel for every time i got called a terf i could open a women 's shelter . 
  maybe i should start a collection fund for swerf . 
  because of course not liking coercive sex makes me a puritan . 
   ignoring how shitty your source this means you 're also advocating that the 11 % + of people who do want to be prostitutes should also be arrested . 
  i do n't think prostitutes should be arrested at all . 
  i think johns should . 
  yes , it was stated a bit too strongly . 
  in the interest of being as efficient as you can , using audio while you read is better . 
   acting like all sex with prostitutes is coercive is just stupid . 
  pretty much everything you wrote hinges on the idea that prostitution is n't coercive . 
  my argument was n't that all sex with prostitutes was coercive , just that it usually is . 
  most prostitutes do n't want to be prostitutes , so i think it 's coercive . 
  call me stupid , fine , but i ca n't really reason my way around how they can simultaneously not want to do it and it not be coercive . 
   that is a really shitty study that uses some shady definitions of sex trafficking . 
  source, 
  i did n't find his criticisms of their definitions of trafficking remotely convincing . 
  as long as they clearly define it , and the studies generally do , that seems fine to me . 
  i linked a second article there as well , just in case you missed it . 
   but yes more money for prostitutes means less prostitutes in poverty , it 's common sense . 
  it 's capitalism , not common sense . 
   first off that is a very misandric viewpoint, 
  if i had said every man , i 'd feel misandric , but i did n't . 
  men as a class are more likely to rape . 
  sexual violence is overwhelmingly a male phenomenon whether i include prostitution or not . 
  not because it 's icky or because i want to tell people what to do , but because it has large , negative effects on women 's lives , most of whom do not want to be prostitutes . 
  i think the point is that they both try to silence those who disagree with them . 
  what do you mean by linguistic abilities ? 
  better equipped to do what ? 
  inter-latin ? 
  you mean speakers of romance languages can talk to each other ? 
  that 's kind of true i guess . 
  inter-balkan ? 
  bcs is all pretty much one language , so they can talk to each other , sure . 
  inter-scandinavian ? 
  danes , swedes , and norwegians can understand each other , but it 's quite asymmetrical . 
  and dutch is most certainly not a scandinavian language . 
  it 's west germanic , and not mututally intelligible with the other three . 
  wait , now you 're defining inter-balkan as including german , russian , and latin ? 
  none of those places are in the balkans or speak balkan languages . 
  i do n't think you 're the one who needs to be telling other people they have basic misunderstandings about language structure . 
  none of the terms you 're using are even common linguistic terms . 
  dookan is the portuguese name . 
  i would imagine he 'd keep dooku around for a while because he 's useful . 
  anakin killing dooku was an important step on his path to the darkside . 
  if dooku had won , palpatine would have just kept his older , less powerful apprentice . 
  dooku was working with palpatine , and , if we 're to believe what he said in * tarkin * , believed that he 'd be serving alongside palpatine after the conclusion of the war . 
  it 's possible palpatine thought he needed to die , but i do n't think so . 
  dooku died so palpatine could get a new apprentice , not because it was necessary to end the war . 
  palps could have just asked dooku to disappear or go do something else for a while .
