  cuba 's probably the closest thing to it because the cuban capitalists fled to the us and still survived as a class in some sense ) . 
  couple that with falling oil prices which affects venezuela more than most countries because of the type of oil they produce and you get the shitshow it is . 
  seems like a weird definition of communism , especially since shortages happen frequently in less developed capitalist countries as well . 
  if you burn fields and stores of food during a famine , you share at least a little bit of the blame . 
  how do you make a profit when the currency is worth peanuts and no one has any money anyways ? 
  especially when you can co\u00f6rdinate with other business owners to foment instability against a government that 's very anti-business . 
  i read news from both sides and try to make the most sense i can of it . 
   if you 're learning in china , where the media is heavily censored and controlled , 90 % of tv will be heavily dubbed , corny scripts with little relevancy to actual spoken mandarin . 
  strongly disagree . 
  i spent years watching chinese tv before i went and i felt well-prepared for colloquial speech when i get there . 
  i also watched taiwanese shows , which were usually much better , but both have plenty of colloquial speech . 
  i get called names when i talk politics with americans all the time . 
  it does n't phase me in the slightest when it 's just name-calling with no evidence or argumentation to back it up . 
  for some reason americans ( maybe you , maybe not you , i do n't know ) seem to be uncomfortable with my politics if they ca n't put it in a box . 
  like the person elsewhere in the thread who assumed i thought stalin was okay because i called out their propaganda . 
  or you , who assumes i do n't blame the soviets because i recognize the painfully obvious truth that burning stores of food in a famine does n't help . 
  he thinks history is more complicated than good guys and bad guys , burn him !, 
  edit : i 'm only halfway through my coffee so i 'll keep going . 
  also , what is this use of the word victim-blaming ? 
  they are the victims , thus you can not criticize them and they did nothing wrong ? 
  that makes no damn sense . 
  you can be a victim of something and still be a asshole . 
  i play appalachian folk music , and it 's very different than the acoustic indie stuff . 
  folk music is so called because it comes from a folk 's traditional music . 
  it can change over time , but it 's not the same as pop music or just using traditional instruments to play pop music . 
  got ta say this is a hard no . 
  even in mandarin , which has lexical tone , it 's perfectly easy to speak quietly or whisper . 
  for the most part if you hear asians ( or anyone else ) yelling they 're just yelling . 
  same story with cantonese . 
  anyone who tells you you ca n't speak quietly is pulling your leg . 
  they 're just loud . 
  i always heard `` as useful as tits on a boar hog '' . 
  if you pronounce the middle consonant as a z you have a very non-standard accent . 
  can someone translate this to more established terminology for me ? 
  i 'm curious what they mean but ca n't make heads nor tails of it . 
  no , i did n't see the edit when i commented , probably because it was n't there yet . 
  using < z  for / s / is a pretty good way to confuse people regardless . 
  context . 
  in a job interview , i 'd say i can speak a language when i can do the job in said language , so probably b2 + . 
  in social situations , i 'd say i can speak a language when i think i 'll be able to have a reasonable chat with someone in case there are natives around , so probably b1ish . 
   you will not be able to handle complex and/or technical discussions, 
  you will not be able to handle complex and/or technical discussions * outside your field of expertise * . 
  i feel like that 's an important distinction . 
   would struggle in a group conversation between like 4-5 native speakers using slang, 
  it all depends on how you study . 
  you can take and pass a c1 test without ever setting foot in an english-speaking country and being very uncomfortable with slang , and many people do . 
  berliners are ( in ) famous for liking americans . 
  we helped out a lot during the cold war , so it makes sense . 
  when people say germany 's not welcoming , they 're not talking about germans disliking americans or disliking foreigners or not wanting us to be there or anything like that . 
  it 's that by american standards , they do n't really like anyone they do n't already know and they 're hard to make friends with . 
  mexico . 
  the only other countries that even come close are other new world countries . 
  i 've never been to australia , but i 'd be interested to see if it 's similar there , because they have a history more like the us or canada than europe . 
  i thought you were talking about the covenant , sword and arm of the lord and got really confused for a moment . 
   we have a lot to offer and our country is nothing like what you see on tv . 
  i think that 's exactly it , though . 
  tourists want to see what they see on tv . 
  it 's disappointing to me , because america has so much more to offer than our copy and pasted cities , but i know four germans who have been to new york and la or something for every one who 's gone somewhere that showcases something distinctly american . 
  [ here 's a scholarly article on who controls alex jones ] ( http://www.realjewnews.com/?p=387 ) . 
  / s , because it 's unfortunately necessary, 
  i had family that was n't too keen on me marrying a foreigner , and i agree with your assessment completely . 
  there was never any question between my wife and i where our priorities were , but we certainly did think about it and tried not to burn bridges unless we had to . 
  it 's not the same two americans of different races , but i 'd imagine the dynamics are similar in some ways . 
  i had a great time in college . 
  i studied what i wanted ( classics ) , met some great people , and learned a lot . 
  it 's made me a better person and a better citizen . 
  if i had had to pay for it , it would have been a terrible investment . 
  capitalism does n't need people who know latin and ancient greek . 
  in general , i agree with the current top comment in the thread that there 's too much emphasis on a four year degree and not enough on vocational education . 
  in order for this to work , though , we as a country need to rehabilitate blue-collar jobs and make sure they pay enough money to build a family on . 
   nativity and competency are separate matters . 
  i agree , but i 'm not sure exactly what your stance is . 
  on the one hand , you say that nativity is n't a meaningful term , but then you go on to contrast nativity and competency . 
  it sounds to me like nativity is meaningful , but difficult to define . 
  most people are n't embarrassed by things that are expected and normal . 
  i 'll watch if they show us how to turn arrows into missiles . 
  previous post from badling : https://i.imgur.com/gffdbqg.png, 
  are they taught in basic teacher education programs in china ? 
  because if they are , it sure does n't seem like anyone uses them . 
  psychology also has a pretty bad track record of doing experiments in a few places and assuming they apply everywhere . 
  i ca n't speak for this particular situation because i never taught kids , but effective motivational strategies vary a lot from culture to culture , even between various western countries . 
  the cheap stuff you can buy in the checkout line at the grocery store is way better in europe , in my opinion . 
  when you go out of your way to get chocolate i do n't think it 's that big of a difference . 
  blame the residents ; increase internet surveillance , regulations , and censorship in order to fight extremist resident associations . 
  break up corporations running the only store for thirty minutes selling cheap , overprocessed shit to poor people to milk as much profit as they can from it . 
  working class and lumpen families having more money would help increase availability of healthy food , but none of this can solve the problem by itself because the habits and cultural norms are already there . 
  if we tackle the first two problems , the biggest thing we could do is make it socially unacceptable in drastic ways . 
  stopping counting obesity as a disability except in cases where it 's demonstrably not caused by diet and lifestyle should help . 
  stop the fat acceptance bullshit . 
  ban fat people on elevators . 
  you got ta show your handicapped permit ( which you probably ca n't get if you 're fat for no good reason ) to use a scooter at walmart . 
  it 's been a very long time and we still have n't abolished the private , internationally controlled fed , so i do n't see any reason we 'd ever stop something as tame as debt . 
  as someone who commutes on a regional german train , i ca n't imagine it being worse . 
  it 's constantly late , and sometimes just does n't show up . 
  they usually tweet cancellations , but that does n't help me get to my appointment on time . 
  the train is n't operated by db , either , which means when something breaks i just have to make other arrangements for a couple of weeks because they definitely wo n't prioritize fixing the tracks . 
  it 's oddly distant unless they 're from another generation . 
  same thing in germany . 
  you do n't change careers because it 'd take at least another three years to get certified . 
  there is no `` he 's quick , he 'll pick it up '' no matter how many things someone has going for them outside of their educational qualifications .
