  thank you for that , i was moved to tears reading it . 
  i did n't think you had such strong feelings for me . 
  we had a nice , long time as friends and a nice but quite short time in a friendship plus and i thought that was it . 
  not just the physical , but with strong feelings between us as friends . 
  so i did n't give too much thought to it , you were married to my then-best friend and i was with your best friend . 
  and you have remained important to me in the long time since then , and i think it 's a shame that you live so far away . 
  you were always there for me when i needed you and did n't just take your best friend 's side , but were loyal to me . 
  we had fun times , too , and laughed a lot , when i think back on it . 
  unfortunately , so much time has passed since then that i ca n't reciprocate the feelings you still have for me so strongly in the same way , which does n't change anything about my feelings for you and our friendship . 
  ! translated, 
   whites are more dangerous, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trying to set up alt-right talking points or not . 
  i think so , but i also know that people as stupid as this post really exist . 
  either way , of course not . 
  tbh replace 100 with 301 and it 'd still be the same same for me . 
  just add the question `` why do i have to take this class to make a major out of studying greek ? '', 
  more seriously to op , no i have n't , but i 've gotten plenty emotional reading greek and old english . 
  i 'm sure it 's the same for people who are passionate about and get good enough at latin . 
  and even for people like me , latin stops feeling like a puzzle after reading enough . 
  i think it 's mostly just a matter of practice and exposure . 
  what is americanized d\u00f6ner like ? 
  i 've never had it . 
  just thinking about it , it seems like it 'd mesh pretty well with american tastes already . 
  korean , mexican , and thai , in that order . 
  i do n't really consider texmex foreign , but that 's a favorite of mine as well . 
  dollar general for daily stuff , walmart and aldi when it 's time to stock up . 
  the unvoiced th is / \u03b8 / in ipa . 
  to my knowledge \u00fe is n't used in ipa . 
  i use medisafe for tracking meds and blood sugar and gi monitor for tracking most other stuff . 
  i have no idea if those are the best out there or not , but they do what i want them too well enough . 
  i wish i gi monitor had more ways to display the data instead of just putting it altogether into a report that leaves out some details , but by and large it 's okay . 
  what can i look for to tell mediocre , good , and great players and teams apart from each other ? 
  i 've been watching the bundesliga for a few years now and i still do n't feel like i could point out good players if i had n't heard other people say so . 
  well , the thing is i picked up who the star players are and where the teams stand just by watching and talking to people . 
  the problem is just that i often ca n't connect that to what i see on the field . 
  when i watch soccer , i watch a bunch of fast athletic guys kick a ball . 
  because i 've never really played , i do n't know what really distinguishes good players from bad . 
  run faster , kick harder , i guess ? 
  i know bayern will win the bundesliga this season , but i have no particular idea why except that their players kick the ball into the net more often than everyone else 's . 
  better players ? 
  yes , but then we 're back to problem # 1 . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit , but that 's a little more what i was trying to get at with my question . 
  thanks for taking the time to answer , by the way . 
  i normally do a lot of faking it in soccer conversations and try to out myself as clueless as little as possible . 
  the tough bit for americans is why does it keep counting at all ? 
  if we have to stop play in football , we just stop the clock . 
  i assume that soccer refs also stop their stopwatches or whatever when there 's an injury or they add extra time for some reason . 
  why ca n't we just see the time they 're using ? 
  it seems like a big benefit to americans because managing the clock is an important part of our sports . 
  you can kind of do the same thing in soccer - there 's not much time left and you 're ahead , so slow everything down , but you do n't always know when you have 30 seconds left , or 5 , or whatever . 
  it also makes the refereeing look very arbitrary to us . 
  i 'm still convinced that the refs let teams get another chance on goal before they stop the clock . 
  it just does n't seem objective . 
  in american sports , when it hits zero , the game is over . 
  it 's also funny because when you 're used to having to find a scorekeeper and timekeeper for every match , it seems weird that other people have problems with it . 
  between injured players , friends , siblings , girlfriends , parents , etc. 
  you can almost always come up with someone to do it for free . 
  the south , the west coast , texas , the yankees , and the midwest . 
  the northeast , more or less . 
  they 're culturally pretty similar to each other and not all that similar to any of the other nations . 
  yes . 
  the word yankee can be slightly more or less specific depending on who 's saying it , but that 's the idea . 
  it 's a major point of contention sometimes . 
  i 'm a southerner with no small amount of sympathy for separatist movements . 
  calling me a yankee would be like calling a proud irishman english . 
  i occasionally run into foreigners ( okay , almost exclusively brits ) who insist on me being a yank even after a friendly correction . 
  call people what you want i guess , but lots of southerners 1 . did n't fight against the british ( or fought with them ) in the revolutionary war , 2 . fought against the yankees again almost a century later , and 3 . would n't be too terribly against telling the yankees to keep their shitty government and laws to themselves right now . 
  just not knowing is n't a big deal , but please do n't be one of those people that insists to members of an area that was subjugated by force that we 're the same as the subjugators . 
  let 's put people into boxes and make sure they fit neatly !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't fly the confederate flag . 
  i do n't support racism or slavery . 
  i do n't idealize south 's past . 
  i just think we 're a culturally distinct area that would do better under our own government . 
  the civil war , like most wars , was sparked by the economic and political interests of the upper class that had nothing to do with me or my ancestors . 
  i do n't support most of the ideals of the confederacy , but that does n't mean i have to throw out the idea that we 'd be better off left to our own devices . 
  please fill out your personal information :, 
  full name :, 
  resident identity card number :, 
  contact method : other other, 
  that 's true , people who speak the same language are famous for not fighting each other and instead focusing on scientific progress and resource allocation . 
  heh , i purposefully left them out because i 'm not really sure . 
  i 'd probably put most of them with the midwest or possibly texas ( for nm and az ) . 
  perhaps stick nevada on the west coast , not sure . 
  in my experience , there 's just a lot more room for dissent among conservatives . 
  it could just be the people i know , but liberals are pretty big on ostracizing wrong speech . 
  the number of republicans who are going to judge you personally for supporting universal healthcare or affirmative action are much fewer than the democrats who will judge you personally for taking a critical view on a holy issue like trans bathroom rights , southern monuments , or whatever it is . 
  could also be because i 'm from a red state , so the liberals i know are just more militant about it . 
  i have pretty big differences with both sides , and despite all the rhetoric about conservatives being closed-minded bigots , that does n't really represent my experience at all . 
  canoo.net is better for that purpose , in my experience . 
  i do n't think there 's any culture that matches what you 're talking about . 
  if there were , i 'm not sure you 'd be able to recognize it based on your assessments of other cultures . 
  why would any third party put out a centrist candidate ? 
  how would they distinguish themselves from the tons of centrist candidates already in the two major parties ? 
  what ? 
  merkel and macron , the two most important leaders in europe , are centrists , and merkel is about to get re\u00eblected . 
  bilingual texts . 
  then you do n't have to look up nearly as many words . 
  you can just look across the page , get the gist , and keep going . 
  this thread is really weird to me .
