  i guess me speaking mandarin ruins the my-posse-includes-a-foreigner vibe , i do n't know . 
  i ca n't imagine wanting to be a arrogant prick pretending to be educated . 
  language learning has been my main hobby for about ten years . 
  speaking is a silly goal for most languages , because i have no place to speak it and no one to speak it to , and i 'm definitely not the kind of person who 's going to go seek it out . 
  i just like understanding what other people are saying . 
  that 's useful enough for me . 
  you have to make your own judgments on what is worth it for you . 
  why did n't you like linguistics classes ? 
  to me , historical linguistics is anything but dry . 
  i never get tired of reading about it or seeing the connections for myself . 
  at the end of the day it 's a hobby . 
  if you do n't like it , then do something else . 
  i do it because i enjoy the act of studying itself . 
  you sound like you do n't really have a good reason to keep putting in the large amounts of time needed to get something out of language learning . 
  if you 're bored and you do n't think it 's useful , take up chess or model plane building or whatever it is you think would be fun . 
  if polish is fun but other languages are n't , then study polish and forget about the rest . 
  they 're often not considered rhotics outside of a european context , say in arabic . 
  at least that 's how i remember it , but i 'm a little fuzzy on the details . 
  i 've been thinking the same thing recently . 
  there are a lot of parallels , and duolingo does n't seem to have learned anything from what happened to livemocha . 
  or maybe they 're just trying to get rosetta stone to buy them out , i do n't know . 
  it used to be a great site with lots of user-built courses and tools for chatting with people , getting texts corrected , asking people to help with your accent , and so on . 
  imagine italki , lang-8 , hi-native , and hellotalk all rolled into one , plus knock-off rosetta stone-style courses for about 20 languages . 
  they started slowly changing the site . 
  taking away a social feature here , removing a community-built course there ( i worked on latin and was very sad when they took it away ) . 
  livemocha had a big , nice , user-base whose wishes were ignored with every change until eventually there was only a shell , with no community and a few courses approved by livemocha . 
  then rosetta stone bought them and used their email list to try to sell rosetta stone . 
  i have no idea what ns is , but at c1 you need to be consuming as much german as you can . 
  go out of your way to look for things you have trouble understanding . 
  when i read `` cool it , dude '' as a response to a completely non-aggressive post , i assume the person is upset and offended . 
   we can all spout random facts at one another , but when they fail to encapsulate the meaning within the discussion and are rather just someone trying to prove they 're so smart , it comes across as silly , ignorant , and pointless . 
  i see this happen so much in more academically-minded subs . 
  i 've decided it 's just a more subtle/advanced way to be / r/iamverysmart . 
  i feel like setting off explosives in a room with pure oxygen is n't that much dumber than setting off explosives in any room containing you . 
  good catch . 
  i think the currently threw me off . 
  i assumed it was some step in the educational process . 
  when they say it 's an isolate , they 're saying it 's not ( as far as we know ) genetically related to any other language , i.e. 
  korean and chinese do n't share a common ancestor . 
  english is related to german . 
  they both evolved from the same language , proto-germanic , spoken about 2500 years ago . 
  chinese is related to tibetan . 
  they both evolved from the same language , proto-sino-tibetan . 
  korean borrowed a lot of words and a writing system from chinese , but they do n't share a common ancestor . 
  this is not mandarin . 
  it 's an indic script , but i 'm not sure exactly which one . 
  and to think , a few months ago there was someone trying to sell this for $ 90 . 
  one of the pages has a lot of questions that seem to assume the responder is not a native english speaker . 
  i 've known esl teachers with thick scottish or southern ( us ) accents . 
  their students turn out fine . 
  the majority of your exposure from english is n't going to come from one person , and it 's good to be exposed to different accents early anyway . 
  they would think your name is marcus . 
  i think usually the second syllable is \u5eab , but otherwise it 's a normal laowai name . 
  `` totally different '' is so subjective i do n't think it 's worth calling badling . 
  the only two accents that have very strong class connotations are southern accents and black accents ( aave ) . 
  if you have a thick accent of one of those , it can be very hard to get people to take you seriously when you talk about anything more complex than changing tires . 
  to a certain degree , though , having any regional accent is perceived as more working class . 
  having a standard accent is much more strongly enforced culturally and in the media than in the uk , in my experience . 
  i 'm amazed at the variety of accents when i watch british tv . 
  they hardly let people with southern accents on tv in the united states , and even more accepted regional accents are n't as common as you might think based on how widely they 're spoken . 
  some people toast them , but i eat them straight out of the box . 
  i 'd say try some both ways , see what you like . 
  next time i 'd recommend the smore flavored ones for taste , or one of the fruit flavors because they 're the ones everyone thinks of when they hear poptarts . 
  they are indeed very popular . 
  i ate them almost every morning when i was younger , and you 'd be hard-pressed to find someone who 's never tried them . 
  i save the edge crust to last because it 's the best part . 
  i do n't think much of it either way . 
  most of the people i know who fly it seem nice enough and do n't seem any more racist than society in general . 
  if they actually are racist , i would n't know . 
  perks of being a white guy , i guess . 
  if there are other factors which would make me think someone is racist , the confederate flag does n't help my suspicions , but it 's not enough to make any conclusions on by itself . 
  i personally do n't fly it because people have told me it makes them uncomfortable , and it 's just not that important to me , but i do n't look down on people who do , either . 
  the languages most closely related to your target language normally give you the biggest advantage . 
  it 's still much more difficult to learn to read mandarin than an alphabet , but it 's significantly less time-consuming than learning handwriting . 
  do n't believe the people who say the grammar is simple . 
  morphology is simple . 
  almost nothing else has any similarities with english . 
  i have never studied any language where i 've had so many moments where i see sentences full of words i know and have no idea how to put them together . 
  i 'm a rural person . 
  i do n't see that much of the `` progress '' . 
  i do n't uphold the economy as a value per se . 
  if economic growth means taking away people 's livelihoods , then it 's not the best option . 
  a lot of this could be avoided if we thought through the transition to automated production before it happened and prepared our society and economic systems for the changes . 
  i do n't think the environment is n't a concern at all , but it has to be weighed against how it affects people . 
  most people prefer jobs and moderate damage to the environment to pristine woods , clean water , and no jobs . 
  ideally we could always find solutions that benefitted both , but it 's not always possible . 
  i know that in our current system , the transition just happens , but more state control could make this easier . 
  i strongly suspect countries with more government control of the economy will fare better during this transition . 
  so you want people to have to move to cities to have jobs ? 
  i 'll never support that , and i 'm sure there are plenty of other people attached to their communities and small towns that wo n't , either . 
  progress is n't worth losing my home , so if the question is progress versus my home and my community , i 'll always vote for the latter . 
  most rural people want neither government handouts nor to relocate , so if that 's what your progress is offering , it 's no wonder that the rural/urban divide is deepening . 
  i do n't think we should focus on bringing back old jobs . 
  we need to focus on creating a stable , sustainable post-employment economy . 
  i also do n't consider trade barriers as subsidies . 
  i do n't have much experience with them except having to listen to them on the train every day , but they say `` oh my god '' in english all the time . 
  real and possible are n't mutually exclusive . 
  in this case , may is referring to some nonspecific problems that may or may not come up . 
  possible problems , potential problems . 
  true , we 're only going to solve the problems that do arise , but that does n't change the fact that the problems we are going to solve were potential/possible at the time of uttering the second sentence .
