  also , being polite and ( in your mind ) correct does n't make it any less annoying to have a partner bring up the same shit you do n't want to talk about any more over and over because they wo n't accept how you feel about it . 
  since this is a issue , and you ca n't change what she chooses to do , the only thing you can do is change how you respond to it . 
  and as far as i can tell , that response should probably be `` drop it '' . 
  any time you classify a group as a particular race , you have to ask the question according to whom . 
  spaniards have been considered white and non-white at different points throughout history . 
  most of the people i know in bumfuck , usa would be more likely to lump them in with latinos . 
  race is a very fluid thing . 
  yep , i lived in texas for a while , and people there are a lot more aware of the differences among short , brownish people speaking a foreign language you failed in school than in , say , alabama , where mexican is a major racial group on par with white , black , and asian . 
  current and historical interaction with spanish speakers goes a long way . 
  which brings me back to the idea that race always depends on who you ask . 
  probably because they have three full years of texas history in schools . 
  ca n't say for sure , i never really got texans . 
  i never went to a chinese class , but from the people i 've talked to , i 'd never recommend seeking out a proper chinese teacher . 
  language teachers are hit and miss anyway , but chinese teachers seem to be especially behind the consensus of sla experts . 
  can the expensive guy , find a broke exchange student you can give 10-15 bucks an hour to practice the stuff you learn from pimsleur and glossika , maybe teach you a few other things that come up along the way . 
  personally , i would add a more traditional textbook to your study plan ( pavc , assimil , etc. ) . 
  you can do without , but it 'd make things easier , especially because neither pimsleur nor glossika are big on grammar explanations , and those are helpful at the beginning . 
  fresh apples , fresh anything else besides bananas , corn , anything green that has n't been cooked to mush , and even then not much , carrots , most beans , tony 's seasoning . 
  i ca n't go on , because i 'm so sad i ca n't eat even a little tony 's seasoning . 
  practical audio visual chinese 1-5 are good textbooks and not hard to find online if you 're not opposed to torrenting . 
  assimil is also good , but not as complete of a course . 
  both teach characters right from the beginning . 
  he 's definitely , one hundred percent right . 
  a german person would think slide and slight sounded as similar as you think \u7cd6 and \u6e6f ( tang2 and tang1 ) sound , because german does n't distinguish between / t / and / d / at the end of words . 
  you also probably ca n't hear the difference between the \u3145 and \u3146 in korean ( s and ss ) , in the same way a japanese speaker ca n't hear the difference between l and r in english . 
  babies can distinguish pretty much any phoneme ( distinct sound ) used in human speech , but after 6 months or so we start to lose our ability to distinguish sounds that are n't distinguished in our native language ( s ) . 
  do n't be ridiculous , everyone knows merkel is europe 's president . 
  i would n't say it 's the least effective method , but it would n't be my first choice by any means . 
  the most popular ways to expand your vocabulary in any language work just as well for latin unless they rely on listening . 
  depending on your level , temperament , learning style , whatever , i 'd recommend 1 . reading a lot and/or 2 . using an srs flashcard program like anki . 
  some people advocate just reading a lot , some people putting sentences or words you do n't understand from your reading into anki , some people just cram vocab through flashcards . 
  there are other methods too , like the gold list method or iversen-style word lists , but what is the most effective comes down to you and how you learn . 
  all the listed methods are googleable and reddit-searchable in / r/languagelearning , so i wo n't waste time explaining them , but if you have questions , feel free to ask for clarification . 
  it has more to do with how we sit around in warm , stuffy places more during the winter than runny noses . 
  opening the window normally helps in a country with reasonably clean air . 
  not op 's question , but i feel like i hear \u5e38\u5e38 or \u901a\u5e38 more often than \u5e38 by itself . 
  is that true or am i imagining things ? 
  i do n't know any rule that says i should , but i 'm asking because i do n't think i 'd ever just use \u5e38 . 
  \u4e0d\u5e38 sounds fine , though . 
   occupation and annexation can never be final , and are always reversed eventually . 
  i mean , free tibet and everything , but there are plenty of indigenous/aboriginal people who might not agree with statement . 
  sometimes places stay occupied , then stay annexed , populations are replaced , languages and cultures die off or are absorbed into the dominant culture . 
  inner mongolia is already so sinicized ( hanified ? ), 
  that it may always stay as a part of china , in whatever form that takes . 
  tibet is n't there yet , but it 's a real danger . 
  it takes quite along time after being born until you have the necessary skills to use the language for business . 
  this solution might not be quick enough for op . 
  if you struggle with pronunciation , making sounds that your native language does n't have , chinese is more difficult . 
  not just the tones , which many learners never learn properly , but the consonants as well . 
  no european language i can think of distinguishes between x/sh , q/ch and j/zh like chinese does . 
  it 's hard to understand westerners with thick accents , and it takes a lot of effort to learn well , even for quicker-than-average students . 
  if you struggle with what most people think of as `` grammar '' , japanese is more difficult . 
  you have to learn how to use particles , and different verb forms for tenses , moods , politeness , etc. 
  the sentence structure is very different from english too , but it 's only harder than chinese for fairly simple sentences . 
  still , the beginning is the hardest part , and you 've got enough to think about without seemingly backwards sentences . 
  you will never see anything resembling a conjugation table in chinese . 
  both are very different from european languages , and both will be a big challenge . 
  which one is easier depends mostly on the person and their experiences , skills , and motivation . 
  i would watch awful telenovelas for hours before i would sit through one german tv show . 
  telenovelas are too much for american audiences sometimes for the reasons you described , but most german tv manages to be both over-the-top and completely unmoving at the same time for me . 
  i ca n't think of a single good german show that is n't the news in one form or another . 
  i do n't know much about french tv , but if we 're comparing french and german movies , they 're not even close in quality , the french movies being better most of the time . 
  edit : as a disclaimer , i would choose chinese tv over spanish-language or german without blinking , which probably says something about my tastes . 
  but still . 
  they 're both european . 
  their preferred bread is not shaped the same . 
  france makes better music and movies these days . 
  the northern part of germany is n't the same type of christian as france . 
  for someone who is n't personally involved in europe 's history of emphasizing differences to be contrary , you can probably see why they 'd say that . 
  but tengodos was clearly talking about how he loves the cultures equally , so it 's all moot . 
  i know there 's a lot more to it , but i do n't think western european cultures are any more different than similarly spaced cultures in other places , like china or the us . 
  you could apply your first two paragraphs to georgia and new york or guangzhou and beijing and it would be just as true . 
  i do n't mean to say they 're not different , they most certainly are , but they fall well within the bounds of what people might refer to as one culture or `` the same '' . 
  get some of those holographic looking cards and start at a hundred . 
   what i find more interesting is that the languages that are spoken faster have the lowest information density . 
  basically , languages where every syllable has a very specific meaning ( japanese , mandarin , etc. ), 
  are spoken much slower , because they need fewer syllables to get a point across . 
  therefore , they can take more time in what they 're saying . 
  meanwhile , when not every syllable has a specific meaning to it ( spanish , english , etc. 
  ) , the speed of the language is much faster because many more syllables must be added to get the same point across . 
  it 's like the author did n't even read the results they posted just above this . 
  english is closer to mandarin in speed and information density than spanish , and japanese and spanish are more similar than japanese and mandarin . 
  which kind of ruins their argument . 
  the switched out the words english and mandarin , but describing english as a language `` where every syllable has a very specific meaning '' still does n't make any sense . 
  did n't with japanese , either . 
  i think they were thinking of vietnamese and mandarin , but who knows . 
  relative pronouns and adjectives in german . 
  i can usually hear if the adjective slipped out in the wrong case or i stumbled over deren/denen , but i continue to say it wrong all the same . 
  i hate to admit it but i still mess up genders fairly regularly too . 
  not that much any more , but i notice myself doing it at least every day . 
  what subreddit has a userbase that collectively has some ability in more languages than here ? 
  reading out loud is helpful , but i think reading along out loud while listening to the audio book is even better . 
  you can check your pronunciation against what you 're hearing , hear the answer immediately if you 're not sure how to pronounce a word ( more a problem with some languages than others ) , and be exposed to proper pronunciation , rhythm and intonation and whatnot at the same time . 
  and yes , i find that doing this helps muscle memory , which of course improves speaking ability . 
  of the crohnies i know in real life , one of them does n't drink at all and one can drink a little when they 're not flaring . 
  when i 'm feeling good , having a beer is no problem . 
  if i drink more than three or so i regret it the same way i would a vegetarian pizza . 
  like a lot of `` will this hurt me '' questions , you wo n't know till you try it . 
  when you 're feeling good , try a beer ( a as in one ) and see if it bothers you . 
  french takes about 600 hours , so roughly a year at 1.5 hours a day .
