  make language learning the thing you do while procrastinating about school/work/laundry / whatever . 
  not sure how much this has to do with generations or being raised on a farm . 
  i grew up on a farm , and i still did n't start my papers until night before/morning of . 
  i procrastinated before and after the internet , before and after i had a cell phone , when i lived on a farm and after i moved away . 
  you seem to have dealt with the problem well , so power to you . 
  but do n't blame the fact that you had problems on any conditions but yourself . 
  and especially do n't blame it on your generation . 
  that implicates all of us , and it gets old real quick . 
  i agree with most of what you said , though . 
  make sure it does n't look like your selling counterfeits , as harassing africans selling purses or sunglasses on the street seems to be one of the police 's favorite pasttimes . 
  people do n't seem fazed by fans wearing black face to soccer games and chanting the n-word , so i 'd stay away from that , too . 
  personally i did n't meet any people from the us living there who found the racism in spain anything less than appalling . 
  friends from latin america ( non-black ) complained about racism there , too . 
  latin america certainly has its own troubles with race relations , but you might want to consider going somewhere there instead . 
  i doubt anyone physically harms you in spain , but you will most certainly have to deal with racism . 
  at least you 're not a gypsy , though . 
  i lived in granada . 
  maybe it 's different outside of andalucia . 
  no one thinks they 're racist , so take all the `` no it 's great here , come on '' with a grain of salt . 
  edit : here 's an [ article ] ( http://atlantablackstar.com/2014/01/08/8-worst-countries-black-people-travel/2/ ) . 
   the u.s. state department issued a warning that `` racist prejudices '' could lead to the arrest of african-americans who visit spain, 
  here 's an older article that mentions it . 
  also see the picture for spain in the other article i linked . 
  not black face , but here 's another relevant article : http://www.foxsports.com/foxsoccer/laliga/story/dani-alves-says-war-against-racism-has-been-lost-013113, 
   well , he asked about spain . 
  and the biggest problem in latin america would n't be him being black , but he being from the us . 
  still had a bigger problem with that in spain than in mexico or honduras . 
  ca n't speak for other places , have n't lived there . 
   latin americans play the racism card too often , understandable given the light spain is given in their educational systems . 
  and the light spain is given in their educational systems ? 
  is it understandable ? 
  you can do all of that pretty easily with audacity . 
  `` las mujeres somos '' is like `` us women are '' , so in this case you could say `` neither the earth nor ( us ) women are territory to be conquered . '', 
  using `` somos '' marks the speaker as part of the group they 're talking about . 
  i used a bilabial trill or just said ch-ch-ch really fast . 
  it 's an old variety/cousin of the mass sentence method , or 10k sentence method , or whatever you call it depending on who is talking . 
  i do n't think one is necessarily better than the other . 
  just use what works for you . 
  listening-reading is another input-centered method you might be interested in , and glossika sells sentence packs , which can work along the same lines . 
  people still think he 's a savant ? 
  was n't he debunked years ago by another mnemonist who realized he used to compete under another name and ca n't do anything savant-like that other mnemonists ca n't ? 
  i 'd also love to hear him actually speaking the languages , but my google-fu is failing me . 
  its username is a rape joke , possibly racist too . 
  and it hangs out on / r/libertarianmeme . 
  do n't feed it . 
   too young to have learned irl the truth that the answer to bad speech is more and better speech , not suppression, 
  then again , your point sounds very idealistic and not grounded in reality to me . 
  i agreed with your position ten years ago , but the evidence is pointing me more and more the other way . 
  i 've seen very few capitalists , bigots , or any reactionary turned ( edit : not just turned . 
  weakened in any way , really ) by `` more and better speech . '', 
  proletarian speech in the workplace is suppressed all the time , and it 's working really well . 
  i already had a hole in my intestines by the time they realized it was n't just a stomach bug or flu causing the pain . 
  before surgery , i was actually told i just had appendicitis , woke up to no ileum and some intestine missing . 
  so yeah , it was a big relief to me , not only because it had turned into a huge problem by the time it came , but the fact that i had had crohn 's symptoms for years and for the first time had a chance at getting it treated . 
  being diagnosed with crohn 's is never a happy thing , but at least you 're getting medical care and someone is checking to see what 's really wrong . 
  and knowing what it is , your quality of life may improve with treatment . 
  i saw a guy canvassing in front of walmart yesterday start speaking in spanish with a family that passed by . 
  it was good , almost too good for someone who had never lived abroad . 
  so i asked him how he had learned , and he said he picked it up while canvassing . 
  just asking people how to say stuff and putting it together . 
  he 's the second native english speaker i 've met who 's learned spanish that way ; the other one did it selling something door to door in hispanic neighborhoods . 
  i think of people like that whenever i feel embarrassed . 
  they had no shame about being bad when they started , or at least they did n't show it . 
  and it shows in how they speak spanish . 
  i 'm not sure if you find it motivating or not , but it really helps me anyway . 
  i understand completely . 
  i could never be like that guy . 
  i prefer to do as much studying as possible before putting myself out there to minimize how bad it is and how embarrassed i feel . 
  but seeing how it can help other people learn encourages me to push myself just a little further out of my comfort zone than i normally would . 
  chinese or ancient greek are definitely my favorite languages i 've studied . 
  greek because of the literature . 
  homer does n't get old fast . 
  chinese culture also seems to share a lot less with american culture than any other language i 've studied , which always keeps it interesting and fun . 
  i find learning characters fun as well . 
  honorable mention to esperanto because the studying itself does n't take very long , and you can start enjoying it relatively quickly . 
  ca n't compare to chinese with how much material it opens up , though . 
  not sure if it 's innovative , but i like the [ lr method ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/listening-reading_method ) . 
  most of the time i say chinese . 
  in my experience , most people who do n't have an interest in the region do n't know or do n't care about the distinction . 
  when i saw it in op , i assumed they were non-native , but where are you from that `` is n't originated '' is grammatical ? 
  it sounds really off to me . 
  i would have said , `` urdu did n't originate from persian . '', 
  i 'm from alabama , where mandarin is a type of duck . 
  seriously though , i 've been asked for clarification once . 
  it would be pretty weird if you left it off . 
  people do it accidentally sometimes , but it 's a bit jarring and can cause confusion every once in a while . 
  how does it sound weird ? 
  if you 're a native spanish speaker , are you nasalizing the last vowel instead of fully forming the `` n '' sound ? 
  my hunch is , whatever you 're doing , it does n't sound nearly as weird to other people as it does to you . 
  just go for it . 
  i listened to the german audiobooks of the harry potter series a couple of times . 
  i would recommend it . 
  i personally ca n't handle most german tv or movies , but i watch tatort sometimes . 
  it 's good if you like crime-type stuff . 
  there are good movies out there too , which are also great for listening practice . 
  goodbye , lenin ; almanya , wilkommen in deutschland ; and die vermessung der welt are my three favorites , but i do n't know what you like . 
  if you 've been reading the spiegel a lot , you might also want to watch the tagesschau . 
  it 'll cover a lot of the same material and use a similar register of vocabulary . 
  plus , you can set itunes to download it for you automatically everyday . 
  the [ number of chinese internet users ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_used_on_the_internet#internet_users_by_language ) exceeds the whole population of the united states by over 150 million .
