  if someone told me they preferred xe , i 'd use xe . 
  if that happened enough , then yes , xe would become an established pronoun . 
  as of now , it 's simply far too uncommon to become self-sustaining without people consciously choosing this word and asking other people to do the same . 
  that 's what i mean by promoted . 
  designed means that the word did not evolve naturally or was not borrowed from another language . 
  someone decided and chose what sounds it should have and how it should decline . 
  none of that means it is or is n't a word . 
  like i said , it 's just a rather unusual one . 
  i never said it was a fake word , just like i never said xe was a fake word . 
  but yes , people using it is part of what makes it a word . 
  something about all of this is fishy and not typical of the subreddit : users i 've never seen ( pennwisedom is the only regular i recognize so far ) , oddly aggressive discussion , not so much focus on the linguistic aspects of the question . 
  i 'm sorry , but i feel like you 're arguing against something i did n't say and would n't support . 
  i do n't know if fraug is a word . 
  did it have some kind of pragmatic or semantic content when it was uttered ? 
  then it was probably a word . 
  all i 've been saying is that xe is unusual . 
  most words you hear develop naturally , without deliberate promotion by any group , and are widely used . 
  these things do n't define what a word is , they 're just common traits most words have , that xe does n't . 
  no , generally people do n't consciously decide how words decline . 
  usage precedes the declension table , not the other way around . 
  maybe it evolved from pre-human vocalizations , i do n't know . 
  i 'm open to reading literature on the topic , but seeing as how it 's almost guaranteed to be speculation , i doubt there 's much research on the topic . 
   like what ? 
  xe was designed , it is promoted by certain people and/or groups , and it is n't widely used in any major dialect or register . 
  most words do not share those traits . 
  i 'll go ahead and disagree with john12 and say no , i do n't think most words were designed or invented . 
  they arose naturally . 
  names are an exception . 
  words for new concepts are sometimes invented , but they can also be loaned or calqued , as well . 
  i 've read through this a few times and do n't really know why it sounds like i 'm defending the linked poster . 
  i made a top-level comment which ( i thought ) explained my view on this pretty clearly , and i 've at no point claimed it 's not a word , or it 's fake , or anything like that . 
  no , why would you think that ? 
  some very new coinages probably share those traits , but i 'd imagine it 's quite rare for words more than 40 years old , like xe is . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  they supported their claim . 
  i do n't think this belongs here . 
  i was in honduras . 
  there was a firefight outside my hotel the first night there . 
  according to the paper the next day , grenades were involved . 
  after i got to the school , i learned there had been a couple of killings ( as in carloads at a time ) a few months prior on the one road that led to and from where i was working . 
  there were no roads to get to town or a hospital or anything like that in the rainy season . 
  when the coyote got the chickens , we did n't have meat for a few weeks . 
  the nearest village with a pool hall and ( warm ) beer was even further from civilization , and the village past that grew cocaine . 
  these were all off the grid . 
  15 % of my students had family members murdered in the year i was there , two of them by the dea . 
  90 % of people believe in witchcraft , and some of my students got accused of practicing witchcraft . 
  one ended up having to leave the school because of it . 
  i watched the van driver taking me over the guatemalan border hand a garbage bag full marijuana out the window to a border guard . 
  a few pick-up trucks full of guys with guns showed up in a neighboring town while i was playing pool one time , but it turns out they were just supporting one of the politicians vying for power at the time . 
  nice guys , actually . 
  the people were generally very nice and there 's some beautiful scenery , though . 
  overall it was a positive experience , but i would n't live in san pedro sula or tegucigalpa . 
  at least in rural areas you 're less likely to accidentally stumble into violence . 
  if you 're looking to live in a city , but do n't want to brave the hellscapes of tegucigalpa and sps , comayagua is a nice place . 
  the thing is , there 's just not really any reason to go to honduras . 
  the islands are nice , but english teaching jobs there are n't common . 
  nicaragua will get you all the same benefits with fewer negatives . 
  as much as i enjoyed it , i swore off especially dangerous countries afterwards . 
  i was getting enough to cover living costs , but i was n't saving any , let 's put it that way . 
  i do n't really do much teaching any more , but i live in germany now . 
   so then whatever the oldest words in a language are were invented intentionally and then it branched out due to imperfections and misunderstandings . 
  both / u/john12tucker and i have given you other options for how the first words came into existence besides being intentionally invented . 
  this [ article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_of_language ) mentions some more hypotheses . 
  you can not prove or assume that the first words were intentionally invented . 
  also , language does not evolve because of imperfections and misunderstandings . 
  if you are truly here to learn , [ like you claim ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/5quxcp/gender_neutral_pronouns_are_pretend_words/dd2qzoz/ ) , why do you keep insisting on an intentional design of words ? 
  [ last time i asked ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/5quxcp/gender_neutral_pronouns_are_pretend_words/dd2pean/ ) , you said it was because you could n't think of any other explanations , despite the fact that you 've gotten [ two ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/5quxcp/gender_neutral_pronouns_are_pretend_words/dd2nl6o/ ) other proposals in this thread alone . 
  i figured it was n't worth my time to respond , but you 're continuing to push this despite having other hypotheses in your face . 
  it seems very disingenuous , and quite contrary to actually wanting to learn . 
  even for an * easy * language like french , the number of learners who are speaking at native speed after 18 months is very small . 
  different people progress at different rates in different skills . 
  if she keeps learning and practicing it will get better . 
  i find memorizing paragraphs of texts until i can say them perfectly ( or at least as close i need/want ) at native speed to be a good exercise for building speed . 
  it 's more important for cases where slow speech is a muscle memory pronunciation problem , which it sounds like your girlfriend 's is n't , at least not entirely . 
  shadowing is another very helpful activity . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with her being bilingual . 
  [ sure it is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/situational_sexual_behavior ), 
  it is different , but the point is that sexuality is to a certain degree situational . 
  it 's especially different because china does n't generally distinguish between gay and straight like the west does . 
  you can have gay sex and not identify as or be identified as gay . 
  sexual activity does n't correspond directly with individual identity . 
  china is n't short on men who prefer men but have sex with women because of social pressures , or predominantly straight men who have had gay experiences . 
  western categories like bisexual are still mostly unknown/ignored outside of westernized cities and lgbt groups , and even gay as an identity is fairly new . 
  also , sexual satisfaction is n't the only thing relevant , here . 
  these men are n't able to find partners that give them social fulfillment , either . 
  the drama subs are almost always hardcoded . 
  i 've never run across a good source for subs , probably because it 's rare to find videos without them . 
  if i 'm doing something i do n't have to concentrate on , like housework , i like listening to audiobooks . 
  i use this more for maintenance than learning , though . 
  it 'd be too much effort for multitasking if i struggled to understand . 
   men are supposed to forge their own path , develop their own opinions , be leaders , and be the main provider for their families . 
  in china i do n't see this happening as much as i should . 
  i 'm the last person to deny the biological reality of sexual differences , but all the stuff you listed is clearly not biological . 
  those are just western gender roles , plain and simple . 
  of course chinese men are n't manly if you judge them on western manliness . 
  it 's okay and even encouraged to be what westerners judge as effeminate , and women go crazy for those guys like western women do for lumberjacks . 
  if your argument were that chinese men are n't manly because they 're not strong or muscular or something , then you could call on `` biological reasons '' , but thinking western manliness is biologically determined is rubbish . 
  it 's definitely not ts . 
  it 's kind of like pronouncing a t and a y at the same time , which can sound like ch sometimes .
