   germans are always astounded when they hear about the types of guns americans own and that a lot of americans shoot for fun . 
  city germans , yes . 
  it seems outlandish to them . 
  guns are for russians and criminals . 
  but i live in a small town now , and shooting clubs and hunting are an important part of the social landscape here . 
  the village voted to let residents hunt on the land adjacent the village itself , which required  50 % support to pass . 
  in the right season my friends come back from their vacations showing me pictures of their kills . 
  it 's not as different as you might expect outside of the big cities . 
  because they do n't have barbecue and do n't need a special word for it , so they repurpose it for grilling . 
  that 's fine , but even germans know what american barbecue is supposed to look like and will be disappointed if all they get is a cookout . 
  zis is not so good like ze jahman bratvurst , vat ah ve doing heeah , yu said barbecue . 
  i did n't until i met someone from new york . 
  i still find it jarring , but i tell myself it must be about as frustrating for them that i call every carbonated drink coke . 
  yeah , standard german breakfast is br\u00f6tchen ( like bread , but crunchy and tastes bad ) and some cheese or sandwich meat or jam or something on it . 
  and coffee , of course . 
  muffins are n't normally considered a breakfast food , but i try my hardest to introduce it . 
  that 's partially because muffins here are too sweet . 
  i live outside the us now , and it 's a very slow process teaching myself to go to the doctor when i think i should . 
  if i moved back tomorrow , i 'd probably stop going to the doctor again unless i thought i was on the verge of dying . 
  i hate the system , i hate the treatment i get there , and i think the whole lot of them are crooks . 
  when is the appropriate time ? 
  great !, 
  thanks so much for taking the time to dig into this a bit . 
  `` er redet mit dem glas portugiesischem wein '' is a good ( if nonsensical ) example i can use to remember this in the future . 
  as poorly as i worded my question i was afraid no one would get what i was asking , but that 's exactly the kind of answer i was hoping to get . 
  if you do n't mind me bothering you a bit more , where did you find the answer to this ? 
  edit : accidentally posted a pre-revision picture , but whatever . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/klybzeh ) 's the one i meant to post . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2017/10/lebenserwartung-usa-statistik-bildung-lebensumstaende-drogen/komplettansicht ) is the original article in german . 
  i wanted to share it with family , so i translated it . 
  figured some people here might find it interesting to read how the german media talks about alabama and trump as well . 
  it 's much prettier in the picture where it 's formatted like the german article , so i wo n't bother formatting it , but here is a copy/paste of the translation . 
  life expectancy, 
  collapse in the hinterland, 
  americans born today are expected to live to almost 79 years of age . 
  the life expectancy of us citizens , a measuring stick for progress , is falling . 
  why ? 
  life expectancy : those looking for free medical treatment have to wait a long time - like these people in milton , florida . 
  life expectancy : those looking for free medical treatment have to wait a long time - like these people in milton , florida . 
  \u00a9 spencer platt/getty images, 
  gadsden is a small town with 37,000 inhabitants deep in the southern usa . 
  in february , they celebrate the yearly chili cookoff . 
  in summer , there is a yard sale that , according to the tourism office , is the longest in the world . 
  but when gadsden made the headlines recently , it was for a sad record : this is where americans have the shortest life expectancy . 
  children that come into the world in gadsden can statistically expect to live 73.3 years . 
  to put that in perspective , gadsden 's residents have the same life expectancy as the residents of el salvador , one of the poorest countries in the world . 
  gadsden , in the state of alabama , is the tail end of a statistic that alarms experts . 
  the official confirmation that something is going very wrong in america arrived in december , when the us department of health and human services announced that average life expectancy in the usa fell to 78.8 years in 2015 . 
  that was a month less than the year before . 
  the loss sounds minimal , but peter muennig is worried anyway . 
  `` a decline in the life expectancy like that is abnormal and a cause for alarm , '' said the professor of health policy at columbia university in new york . 
  aside from gdp , which measures economic performance , there is no metric that functions as well as a measuring stick for a country 's progress as life expectancy . 
  it stands for prosperity and health , and for a state that makes both possible for its citizens . 
  in the decades following world war ii , it was trie that people in industrialized nations were living longer and longer . 
  there were years in which the trend was interrupted , but the exceptions always had a clear cause . 
  in 1993 , for example , the country was at the peak of its aids epidemic . 
  this time , however , there 's no clear reason . 
  the whole country seems to have found itself in a life crisis , and some find themselves reminded of the break-up of the soviet union . 
  at that time , the life expectancy collapsed and stayed down for a long time . 
  life expectancy is rising almost everywhere , although there are slumps here and there . 
  the graphic shows that an american born in 1900 had an average of almost 50 years to live . 
  a child who came into the world in 2015 is expected to live to be 78.8 years old - in 2014 , the life expectancy was still 78.9, 
  life expectancy is rising almost everywhere , although there are slumps here and there . 
  the graphic shows that an american born in 1900 had an average of almost 50 years to live . 
  a child who came into the world in 2015 is expected to live to be 78.8 years old - in 2014 , the life expectancy was still 78.9, 
  life expectancy is rising almost everywhere , although there are slumps here and there . 
  the graphic shows that an american born in 1900 had an average of almost 50 years to live . 
  a child who came into the world in 2015 is expected to live to be 78.8 years old - in 2014 , the life expectancy was still 78.9, 
  source : clio infra ( both sexes ) , united nations , department of economic and social affairs , population divisions ( 2015 ) . 
  world population prospects : the 2015 revision , dvd-edition \u00a9 zeit-grafik, 
  it seems reasonable to look to health problems as the cause . 
  experts agree that obesity plays an important roll , affecting thirty-seven percent of american adults . 
  heart disease , strokes , and diabetes are among the top ten most common causes of death in the united states . 
  obesity is one of the prominent factors that lead these diseases . 
  americans are admittedly not the only ones with this problem . 
  eu citizens and australians have also been consistently putting on weight over the last few decades , says muennig . 
  `` but we do n't see any signs of life expectancy dropping there . '', 
  that makes the reversal of the trend astonishing : the usa is -- at least so far -- the only industrialized country in which life expectancy has fallen . 
  the japanese already live on average five years longer that us citzens , and germans two years longer . 
  in the scientific journal the lancet , scientists have projected life expectancy to continue rising in germany and other industrial countries . 
  the growth was projected to be the smallest in the usa . 
  at the same time , americans pay more for healthcare than any other country . 
  it 's now more than $ 10,000 yearly per person - twice as much as in germany . 
  the us health system devours more than three trillion dollars a year , five times as much as washington spends on the military . 
  but more money -- and statistics substantiate this -- does n't automatically lead to more health past a certain point . 
  10 from 3.2.2017 . 
  the current zeit is available here or at newstands, 
  why do americans die younger ? 
  and do the mortality tables say anything about the rise of donald trump ? 
  ellen meara , health economist at the dartmouth institute for health policy and clinical practice in new hampshire , has no simple explanation : `` it 's a little puzzling . 
  we definitely have to deal with a complex bundle of causes to figure out what 's going on . '', 
  gadsden has clues . 
  founded in 1848 , the inland port on the coosa river became a center of trade and industry in the region . 
  later , steel companies and the tire company goodyear moved into the city . 
  but then in the 80s , the steel plants closed and almost all the other factories moved out . 
  in 1989 , a business magazine declared gadsden one of the `` seven cities with the worst quality of life in the united states . '', 
  gadsden 's rise and fall is a familiar drama in the american heartland , which , in the middle of the country , was once the industrial base that led america to economic power after world war ii . 
  mass production has moved away to low-income countries , and the their jobs with them . 
  voters from these states voted for donald trump last november more than in the rest of the country . 
  gadsden , where the majority of the residents are white , was no exception : donald trump received 74 % of the vote there .
