  i 've found , with greek and other languages , i start putting more time in when i start dealing with native materials because it 's more enjoyable . 
  it was the same thing with greek , but the transition between learner and native materials , while fun , is also a bit difficult and requires a good deal of effort to get through , at least for me . 
  also , greek is unlike spanish or chinese in the way that i ca n't put on a terrible tv show and veg out . 
  yes , pleasure reading is great , but a lot of the best things in greek are heavy stuff , and when i was already reading one book for school and spending a lot of time on it , i did n't necessarily want to start something new . 
  looks like you 've already gotten sucked in by the propaganda . 
  it 's easy to learn simplified from traditional or traditional from simplified . 
  the majority of the characters are just systematic changes . 
  it does n't really matter what you learn first . 
  i learned both at the same time . 
  characters are hard , the difference between simplified and traditional is not . 
  i 'd recommend sticking with one for handwriting . 
  learn whatever you want , but this whole `` it 's easier to learn simplified from traditional '' `` traditional is more fulfilling '' nonsense is just an anti-ccp circlejerk . 
  if you liked the other video , you 'll love this one too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faflqbe6euc, 
  never said you should be , but i do n't think they 're nearly the devils a lot of people make them out to be , at least compared to other major governments . 
  with your field of study and interest in hebrew , are you sure you 're not interested in arabic too ? 
  that could be a good fit . 
  ultimately , like someone says in all of these threads , you 're only going to learn what you have the motivation for . 
  it 's better to know norwegian than half-ass a language you 're uninterested in for a while . 
  not your bro . 
  china and taiwan both produce great tv shows and movies , and singapore and malaysia throw in good stuff sometimes too . 
  lots of hong kong stuff has started to be produced in mandarin as well , especially the big budget projects . 
  got ta follow the money , i guess . 
  have you ever given cambodian horror movies a shot ? 
  they 're definitely my favorite as far as horror movies go . 
  my recommendation is to type `` cambodian horror movie '' into youtube and start watching . 
  almost all of them are based on one of the same few legends , and they all seem to favor gore and revenge . 
  they all have such similar titles , and i speak zero khmer , so it 's hard for me to remember , but i think * lady vampire * might be a good place to start . 
  i think it was popular enough to not be allowed on youtube , though . 
  i 've never seen that show . 
  is it bad ? 
  german prepositions can make you very weary , indeed , 
  two things could be happening : either you 're choosing the wrong preposition because it 's not the same as in english , or you 're using the wrong case with the preposition , which is another common problem among learners . 
  just get on lang-8 and try to write about topics that are just little more difficult than you can express comfortably . 
  you said your teacher only gives you an assignment a week , and that 's not nearly enough , so you should be practicing speaking and writing on your own . 
  also , this stuff you 're saying about english being more figurative and german more literal is kind of nonsense . 
  i do n't want to say that absolutely no languages are more figurative than others , but sure as hell not two closely related western european languages that have strong cultural ties . 
  stop making excuses for why it 's hard , accept that learning to form complex sentences can be difficult , and go practice . 
  whoa there , defensive much ? 
  i never said you did n't learn on your own . 
  i never said asking for help is wrong . 
  i tried to answer your question and give you advice . 
  i also wanted to inform you that the thing about literal languages is pseudolinguistic bullshit . 
  i get something like this . 
  i never in the world thought i would be interested in german , but i started learning it ( for my partner ) and it came relatively quickly and easily . 
  i did n't have to force the accent and i never went through the `` the language sounds too fast '' phase in listening . 
  on the other hand , i had plenty of interest in spanish and good reasons to learn it . 
  after 10 years , i got it to a level that i can use professionally , but my accent 's thicker than i 'd like and i can tell i do n't sound natural . 
  the rhythm just does n't come out like it should . 
  it could be because i had better reason to learn german ( though i did n't feel like it at the time ) , or maybe german 's stressed-based timing is much easier than spanish for me . 
  maybe spanish class in high school ruined it in some way , i have no clue . 
  he 's about as close to a prophet as we get . 
  i do n't know what you mean by phonetic courses . 
  i have a decent background in linguistics , know ipa , etc , but i 'm not sure if that 's what you 're talking about . 
  assimil cantonese is all written cantonese . 
  the books i 've found teaching from mandarin all use written cantonese , as well . 
  most hkers use cangjie i think , which is shape-based , so you do n't have to know mandarin pronunciation . 
  handwriting input on phones is also used , and there are options for typing cantonese pinyin . 
  you could type standard written chinese with canto pinyin input , but you 'd be typing the cantonese pronunciations of non-cantonese words , so you could n't type like you speak . 
  it would n't be more awkward than reading swc with cantonese pronunciation , though . 
  i use sogou pinyin for mandarin and google pinyin for cantonese . 
  all that typing by shape stuff is a pain , but apparently it 's faster after you learn it . 
  written cantonese is pretty limited , even in hong kong . 
  texts , forums , advertisements and gossip magazines are sometimes in written cantonese . 
  everything else is standard written chinese . 
  i 'm learning cantonese knowing mandarin , not the other way around , but i 'd imagine it 's pretty similar . 
  if you only want to read , i think it would be as difficult as learning to read one romance language if you know another . 
  you already know the characters and the vocab is mostly the same or at least related , but the grammar and small common words can trip you up . 
  speaking and listening is another story , though . 
  readlang does this . 
  people are freaking out and calling protestors names for blocking traffic , much less rioting . 
  can you imagine if the rioters focused that violence towards the holy police , enforcers of order and the beloved status quo ? 
  when the system is even somewhat threatened by unfocused violence ( riots ) , it responds with overwhelming force . 
  the police are so militarized that even a small victory would not come easy , even with organized violence , and the government would call in the military before they let any oppressed group get any real power . 
  my so would n't talk to me in german until i was already at a solid b1/low b2 level , but they still helped a lot , mostly in two ways :, 
  asking how to say things . 
  i would limit this to once or twice a day to keep from annoying her , but it 's a great resource to know how germans phrase things naturally . 
  helping me figure out grammar rules , also called `` does this sound right ? '', 
  once again , do n't do this too much or you might annoy your gf . 
  my partner did n't know a dative from an adverb , so at the beginning i 'd ask questions like `` does mit take the dative case ? '', 
  and it got nowhere . 
  ask your grammar questions like this , `` which sounds better , ` mit mir ' or ` mit mich ' '' ? 
  that 's a super simple example , but you get the point . 
  my in-laws are all monolingual , so my bad german was the only option . 
  that helped me get a lot of practice , but only while visiting or living in germany . 
  even if your girlfriend responds in english , it 's not a bad idea to start conversations in german sometimes . 
  worst case scenario , she switches to english . 
  no big deal . 
  4 times out of 5 my partner would switch to english , but deep-down they really appreciated that i was trying and would chat with me and correct my german sometimes when they were in the mood . 
  just do n't try to force it . 
  that 's all personal experience . 
  it might be completely different for you , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  i do n't know about nomad 's case , but i get told my english is pretty good regularly in europe . 
  apparently i do n't `` look american '' ( whatever that means ) , and my german is convincing enough in the right situations , so some people take it upon themselves to compliment my english when they hear me speak . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  it 's only happened once from a native speaker , a brit who thought i was a european who learned american english . 
  my favorite though is when someone with a thick accent tries to speak to me in english , i do n't understand , and then they ask me if i speak english . 
  i have noticed the same thing . 
  i refer to the phenomenon as `` smartest kid in their homeschool class '' , because the only thing that can compare to being the the smartest at a podunk high school is your mother telling you you 're the best at every subject for your whole school life . 
   avoid [ ... ] michel thomas audio-courses that are n't taught by michel himself, 
  i would say the exact opposite : avoid michel thomas courses taught by michel himself .
