  i 'm not the person you were talking to nor do i speak romanian , but i watched the romanian movie [ ursul ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnbq-jhbize ) recently and would strongly recommend it , at least if you like dark and funny . 
  this is one of the more solid articles i 've seen about racism from a chinese perspective . 
  i do feel like the author was conflating prc chinese/american chinese experiences a bit , but racists do the same thing so i ca n't really blame the author . 
   furthermore , i want to urge you to fight against all racism , regardless the target . 
  we 're allies , and we will fight with black people , hispanic people , indian people , arabic/islamic people . 
  and just like dr. king said : injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . 
   racism is ugly , disgusting , and despicable . 
  there 's no doubt about that . 
  i would n't want to touch it with 100 feet pole . 
  but if we do n't fight against it , it will drown us all !, 
  nice conclusion at the end of the article . 
  a slightly more accurate rule is that the stress falls on the vowel before the last consonant . 
  whatever works , though . 
  yes , i still remember the exact point with german . 
  i was driving home listening to the radio , and i realized i understood what they were saying even though i was n't really paying attention or focusing on it . 
  it happened to me at about the same level it happened to you , too , after living in germany for half a year or so . 
  you 're the person who did the write-up on how they passed the italian c2 exam , right ? 
  having done so many reviews certainly helps explain that a bit . 
  i 'm fairly consistent with anki , but you 're making me look bad . 
  ( 138627 reviews in 1134 out of 1372 days ) . 
  how many cards do you add a day ? 
  what i 'm not consistent about is adding cards : sometimes i 'll do 50 new cards on a weekend , and then add none during the week and just catch up on reviews , or if life is too busy i 'll stop doing new cards at all for a month and only review until the amount of time i have to spend drops under an hour or thirty minutes , depending on just how busy i am . 
  these days i stay around an hour and half a day , because that 's how long my commute takes , but for most of my anki life i 've done significantly less . 
  i 'd like to push my german from c1 to c2 , but i 'm not sure how to use anki for that . 
  any suggestions ? 
  for lower levels i just use massive amounts of sentence flashcards . 
  is that good for higher levels too ? 
  yeah , the thing is i use german at work and home already , it 's just that i always talk about the same stuff , so my german has kind of stagnated . 
  talking is great practice , but it 's rare to actually learn how to say something new . 
  yesterday my neighbor was telling me about some kind of new spaceship propulsion he read about so i learned some new words , but i do n't get myself into enough of these conversations to noticeably improve . 
  i like cloze deletions , but where do you pull your sentences from ? 
  any particularly helpful sources you 'd recommend ? 
  i did cloze dieletions from the spiegel for a few months , but i did n't stick with it . 
  i guess when it comes down to it , i 've just got to buckle down and study . 
  it 's too easy to get complacent when you can already communicate . 
  thanks for the advice , by the way . 
  it 's always nice to get a perspective from someone more experienced . 
  watch a taiwanese tv show with traditional subtitles . 
  that way if you 're not sure , you can hear the words as well . 
  \u63d2\u8170 is what you 're looking for . 
  yep , and \u63d2\u8170 is to put your hands on your hips . 
  languages do n't always have the same categories for body parts , surprisingly enough . 
  in europe i see simplified much more often than traditional . 
  it 's mostly places with chinese populations that have been there for a long time that use traditional , and they 're quickly being swarmed by more recent immigrants . 
  three major options i can think of :, 
  write it out on your hand, 
  give a compound word it 's a part of . 
  this is more for distinguishing homophones , but i thought it was relevant enough to include . 
  describe the shape of the character , say what 's on top , what 's on the bottom , etc. 
  edit : if it 's a word they 've truly never seen before , someone almost always writes it down to make sure . 
  it can be pretty tricky on the phone . 
  there 's also a very good assimil course using spanish as the base language . 
  it works fantastic if you stay focused on listening and just use the l1 text to orient yourself . 
  the even better option is to listen to a story you know so well that you do n't need the l1 text , though . 
  if you have a hk girlfriend , it makes sense to learn traditional . 
  it does n't really matter because you 'll probably pick up the other system from exposure anyways . 
  yes , more people use simplified , but it seems you 're more likely to come in contact with traditional users . 
  by the time you 're good enough to use chinese for anything interesting , you 'll be able to read both . 
  singapore uses simplified characters , fyi . 
  it 's pretty much just taiwan , hk , macau , and old chinatowns that use traditional . 
  agreed , and to add onto that , the italian one is also flipping things on its head a bit because the woman wanted/preferred the black man , even though black men are generally seen as less desirable than white men . 
  still not the commercial i would have made , but it could have been so much worse . 
  like the chinese version . 
  the chinese version comes off as chinese guy  any black guy , even if he 's sexy af . 
  but then again , if there 's one thing i do n't share with most chinese people it 's beauty standards , so maybe i 'm just missing it . 
  or maybe chinese beauty standards themselves are super racist . 
  what 's awkward about the pronunciation ? 
  does n't trip me up at all . 
  i had already studied greek , latin , and spanish when i started german . 
  a good read through the wikipedia page on german grammar and frequent use of canoo.net 's wortformen feature at the beginning was pretty much all the grammar i needed to know through an intermediate level . 
  no , i expect exactly what i saw . 
  but i think i should be able to expect people to not portray blackness as something dirty which can be washed away . 
  the newer versions are sometimes a bit less in depth than the older courses , but they 're still good courses overall . 
  the only courses i would * not * recommend are latin because the speakers have a ridiculous french accent , thai because they do n't use the thai script , and arabic because ... well , there 's not much good about that course , as far as i 've heard . 
  learning both adds maybe 10 % to the difficulty . 
  learn a few new radicals and a couple hundred new characters and that 's about it . 
  if you know one , picking up the other is a relatively small task . 
  on a separate note , i 've seen one of these questions every day for the last four days . 
  why the sudden flood ? 
  they 're not that tricky . 
  it 's just kind of uncomfortable/slow at first . 
  the more you read , the less you have to figure stuff out by context or guess . 
  like i said in another thread , by the time you 've watched a full tv show with traditional subtitles , you 're most of the way there . 
  i did n't mean that as a knock against you . 
  reddit 's search function is terrible and i 'm subscribed to a few different chinese language subreddits , so it 's not surprising . 
  i just thought it was interesting . 
  maybe it 's because students are on summer holiday and thinking about picking up new hobbies ? 
  if you do n't need handwriting , why learn it ? 
  even at an advanced level , if you do n't need it at work or school , being able to handwrite common things like your name , address , common food items for ordering at restaurants , etc. 
  should be fine . 
  speakers of smaller/less influential languages tend to be more demanding about it . 
  this has a lot to do with the fact that they 're not used to hearing non-natives , and it 's more taxing than for , say , americans , who likely listen to foreign accents every day . 
  double this with most people in an area knowing a language that they speak better than you speak their language ( in their eyes ) , making it more difficult to communicate if you try to speak their language . 
  it differs as much from person to person as culture to culture , but yes , it is true that in some places people are generally happy to see you speaking their language and in other places they 're not . 
  the person at the mcdonald 's in downtown amsterdam probably is n't interested in your tourist dutch , but going straight to english in most areas mexico or spain would be seen as a bit impolite . 
  that 's just my experience , i do n't have any evidence to offer or anything . 
  i 've heard similar things from other people , and my experiences with hungarian and dutch compared to mandarin and spanish seem to corroborate the story . 
  german falls somewhere in the middle . 
  greek was the one notable exception for me ; maybe i was n't reading the situations correctly , but greeks seemed legitimately happy that i could speak shitty pimsleur 1-level supplemented with ancient words greek . 
   we have no racial discrimination in our society .
