  so you get words like throwed , flowed ( flew ) , knowed , etc. 
  i seen it , ... then he run up the hill , and so on . 
  borrow is used for both borrow and lend , and there are a couple of other less common similar changes , like learn for teach . 
  a lot of our vowels are a little different from other varieties of american english , and when people tried to impersonate my accent when i moved away the first time , that was the thing they seemed to notice the most . 
  probably the most notable difference is vowel breaking , or whatever you call the process that makes the word chair 2 syllables . 
  when we emphasize the word it , we say `` hit '' . 
  is n't and was n't are pronounced id n't and wad n't . 
  we often drop the `` th '' in words like that , this , and there . 
  we can also drop relative pronouns , even when they are the subject of the clause . 
  like my sentence above , `` i know a guy a few miles away hires a black guy to bush hog his fields , '' would have in standard english ( i think ) the word `` who '' between `` away '' and `` hires '' . 
  none of that is in and of itself interesting , and i 'm sure the wikipedia page is more informative than my half-ass description . 
  i guess the main reason i think it 's interesting is because it 's the only accent besides aave i ever really see other americans have trouble understanding . 
  it does n't require passion , but it does require motivation . 
  necessity has a better success rate than passion , in my experience . 
   out of a fear of sexism accusations . 
  do n't assume everyone is a reactionary who feels oppressed by inclusive language . 
  i do n't fear sexism accusations at all , but my language has a perfectly natural-sounding , inclusive pronoun i can use , so i do it . 
  you 're talking about english . 
  that 's my language . 
  the only native one i 've got . 
  and regardless of the language , i 'm talking about how you feel the reason people use they is because they are scared of sexism accusations . 
  this takes your opinion from a questionable opinion about language dangerously close to painting yourself as a victim of the pc police . 
  i ca n't think of anything quite like the japanese writing system . 
  two syllabaries , plus a couple thousand logographs thrown in for good measure . 
  my first job was in germany , but i had a spousal visa . 
  that being said , i knew a couple of americans there who had gotten jobs without the visa advantage . 
  it was more difficult for them , because employers overwhelmingly prefer people who already have or do n't need visas , and in fact there are some laws/policies which require companies to interview eu applicants before outsiders . 
  but they did manage it . 
  they were working for elingua and berlitz , if i remember correctly , so at least some of those schools might hire you . 
  everyone had some kind of experience in germany already , though , even if they did n't have a work visa . 
  i 'd say your best bet is to do your celta wherever you want to work , and have an in to a school that way . 
  people are much more likely to deal with the trouble if they know you , like you , and have seen that you 're a good teacher . 
  haha , when i first moved to honduras , i had no idea what the hell was going on . 
  i just want to know how much this costs . 
  why is this so hard ? 
  as i understand rebus systems , it 's a rather broad category . 
  whose classification are you using ? 
  the closest i could think of to japanese was ancient mayan , which had hieroglyphs as well as syllabic characters . 
  i think egyptian was similar , at a point , but i 'm more familiar with mayan . 
  i maintain that japanese is unique , however , for having two different and mostly unique ( i.e. 
  not sharing characters ) syllabaries for different functions , a trait which neither mayan nor egyptian share . 
  just to make sure i understand correctly , unilaterals , bilaterals , and trilaterals all had different pronunciations , right ? 
  japanese having two characters for each syllable does n't seem comparable to that , but it may just be a question of what we individually find weird . 
  everybody should watch love in a puff , romance fan or not . 
  it 's a very well done movie . 
  the sequel love in the buff was even better , and as an added bonus , is mostly in mandarin so i can tell myself i 'm studying . 
  also / r/ohtaigi for taiwanese . 
  i 'm from a very conservative area , and i 'd probably give the same answer now i did in this thread a couple of years ago . 
  and i do agree with you that the typical conservative worker is more likely to turn than a liberal . 
   we can all agree that children are amazing language learners . 
  i disagree . 
  they almost always end up with better accents , but we adults are a lot faster . 
  i 'm not sure it 's fair to classify being gay as having a disagreement . 
  hey comrades , you should n't be so irreverent . 
  this is obviously recuperation , and making fun of marx is pro-bourgeoisie and anti-working class . 
  to the gulags with all of you . 
  i would n't go so far as to say op 's right , because he writes as if arabs were some monolithic , gay-hating group , without any acknowledgement of the individual viewpoints or diversity that exists within the community . 
  but even if op had no such biases , there is still an inherent conflict between op and people who disapprove of homosexuality . 
  not because of op 's views or opinions , but because of who he 's attracted to . 
  it 's difficult to say that someone else 's value system is objectively wrong , but i can say that homophobia has a very negative impact on many people , while being gay does n't . 
  my point was n't never really about who was right or wrong , anyway . 
  it 's the fact that other people have a problem with op , whether he has a problem with them or not . 
  flipping that around to blame op seems disingenuous . 
  much less chinese students . 
  that 's a pretty easy crowd as far as getting respect as a teacher goes . 
   it has been well-documented , that americans consider canada to be a part of `` america '' . 
  ergo , canada is not `` not-america '' . 
  you joke , but the last time i went to the airport , the person driving me asked if canada would be considered an international or domestic flight . 
  the sad part is , i was n't even sure . 
  edit : also , i 've only ever heard brits talk about latin people . 
  central and south america is more properly called `` the place where the mexicans come from , '' or just `` the place with the mexicans . '', 
  this post is about american , not damn-yankee-nese . 
  very few assimil courses will take you to b2 by themselves . 
  maybe the catalan or portuguese course , if that . 
  b1 is a better target , and some of the asian languages are closer to a2 . 
  i personally throw all the sentences into anki and study all of them [ audio ] -  english/tl or just tl -  english , then maybe english -  tl after i finish , but i 'll generally just practice talking to people instead of actually doing the active wave . 
  protip for making flashcards faster if you have the pdf : use copy paste of images from the pdf . 
  if you have foxit , you can just select the sentence , click on anki , hit control + v. 
  i find it much faster than typing . 
  it 's easily my favorite set of courses for intermediate learners . 
  i 've used it for mandarin ( well , about 3500/6000 sentences so far ) and it 's great . 
  it 's not quite as user friendly as some courses for beginners like assimil or pimsleur , but it has a lot of content . 
  the vast majority of everything online is in characters , not pinyin . 
  would they understand if you wrote pinyin ? 
  probably . 
  enjoy reading it ? 
  probably not . 
  plus , typing the characters is very easy if you can recognize them and know how they are pronounced . 
  there 's no good reason not to type in characters . 
  i would recommend using google pinyin , which can be downloaded and installed on windows . 
   tin foil is the only true protection we have . 
  well , tin foil and mountain dew . 
  lizards ca n't drink mountain dew . 
  tv , movies , and books help a lot . 
  whatever you can do in your spare time , do n't do it in english . 
  next time you make it to latin america , go out of your way to get people you meet 's facebook/twitter/whatever info . 
  it 's a great , low-stress way to read stuff from and interact with native speakers during the time that you 're wasting time . 
  also , do n't worry about portuguese coming out . 
  it 'll sort itself out within a few days the next time you are in a spanish or portuguese speaking environment . 
  it depends on how impatient you are .
