  i 've heard english speakers from all over the world just kind of use lay/laid for everything , so in speech most people wo n't notice , and in writing i can look it up . 
  the idea is that without unemployment , there 's no pool of unemployed workers competing with those already working to keep wages low . 
  if production requires every member of society to work , it puts those workers in a stronger position to bargain , and they can thus receive more wages for their work because they have no competition . 
  besides being bad for the capitalists ' pocketbooks , it also leads to inflation ( see [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nairu ) ) . 
  the [ reserve army of labor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reserve_army_of_labour ) is another concept which is worth reading about . 
  198.7 people in brazil + .5 in suriname + 1 in the guyanas, 
  387.5 million people in south america, 
  so about 52 % do n't speak spanish . 
  which means about 48 % do speak spanish . 
  also , wikipedia has this quote from the article on south america :, 
   spanish and portuguese are the most spoken languages in south america , with approximately 200 million speakers each . 
  that lines up with the 50-50 split from national populations pretty well . 
  i do n't know where gentleman_fedora is getting 35 % from . 
  those numbers only tell a small part of the story , though . 
  chinese has far more internet users than any other language besides english , which makes for a lot more content even if it 's centered around a smaller number of websites . 
   1 english 565,004,000 27 %, 
   2 chinese 509,965,000 25 %, 
   3 spanish 164,969,000 8 %, 
   4 japanese 99,182,000 5 %, 
   5 portuguese 82,587,000 4 %, 
   6 german 75,423,000 4 %, 
   7 arabic 65,365,000 3 %, 
   8 french 59,779,000 3 %, 
   9 russian 59,700,000 3 %, 
   10 korean 39,440,000 2 %, 
  completely anecdotally , i have trouble finding anything to do on the internet in spanish or german that i ca n't also do in english . 
  it has to be pretty niche or location specific . 
  the chinese side of the internet is not only very large , but also tends to not have nearly as much overlap with english language sites . 
  modern hebrew has been heavily influenced by indo-european languages . 
  so much so , in fact , that some linguists have tried to say it 's actually a relexified slavic language or a type of creole . 
  to be proficient in arabic , you need to learn two very different registers/languages . 
  hebrew is significantly more homogenous . 
  thai writing is complicated , but i 'm not sure most people would compare it to chinese and japanese in terms of difficulty to read . 
  also , thai does n't take long enough to learn to get its own write-up , but if it did , i 'm sure they 'd mention the writing system . 
  i suspect chinese is ranked as more difficult than thai or vietnamese because it is both tonal and has a writing system with a pretty steep learning curve . 
  norwegian is a germanic language that has a lot in common with english . 
  finnish is n't even indo-european and has very little in common with english besides an alphabet and a few loan words . 
  i think the writer did their research , which is largely based on the fsi 's numbers , which are themselves based on results in the classroom . 
  i do n't agree with all the list , especially where it for some reason differs from the fsi numbers i 've seen , but i 'm not sure the criticism you brought up is necessarily the most problematic points . 
  many japanese words which originally come from chinese have somewhat regular correspondences to the mandarin pronunciation . 
  it 's not just about the writing system . 
  s = s, 
  sc = st\u0361s, 
  where is the oddness ? 
  import `` im westen nichts neues '' or another german book you enjoy that is n't faust to readlang or learning with texts and start reading . 
  if you read for an hour a day , it should start to be enjoyable within half a year . 
  then you can study even more every day !, 
  you might want to supplement by googling german grammar as necessary . 
  i do n't disagree with anything in your comment , but it seems to me like that 's a reason to question all our facts instead of denying the existence of facts as a category . 
  you may have prevented an impressionable mind from reading vitriolic , hateful , uninformed trash . 
  i do n't think there 's much to be sorry for . 
  try living in a rural area with only a dollar general within thirty minutes for groceries . 
  things like food quality , soccer fields , and swimming pools are definitely limited for the rural poor , which the us still has a lot of . 
  those things ( food quality , etc. ), 
  may not be limited to the rich , but if you 're poor , your chances of having access to them decreases significantly . 
  i 'm confused . 
  do liberals like book burnings more than socialists do ? 
  i did n't think stopping the dissemination of reactionary literature was such an unpopular view on / r/socialism . 
  should i stop taking down the nazi pamphlets i see around town , too ? 
  right ? 
  i thought i was on the wrong sub , but it seems like in addition to the typical population of liberals on this sub we also have a few brigaders today . 
  i 'm in my late twenties , stable work situation , family , etc. 
  actually , most people i know assume i 'm a conservative at first because i fit their stereotypes of one pretty well : gun-toting , southern accent , country music , christian , etc. 
  those stereotypes are silly and mostly unjustified , like the stereotypes you have about socialists . 
  but i guess thinking of us as a bunch of angsty teenagers is easier than accepting the fact that lots of workers , teenage or not , are tired of getting screwed over and working to make money for someone else . 
  i do make money for myself . 
  that 's why i go to work . 
  i do n't think there should be leeches who also make money from my work . 
  why are stereotypes more relevant in one economic system than another ? 
  seems like a bad idea either way . 
  i really enjoy my current career . 
  it 's what i 've wanted to do since i was in high school . 
  why would i change careers ? 
  i got to see them live once in mississippi , opening for wolf parade . 
  i do n't think many people in the crowd knew them before coming , but everyone was really into their set . 
  you got ta go see them if you get a chance . 
  yes . 
  my facebook news feed is full of stuff from my mexican friends using @ to replace a/o . 
  i actually did n't even know it was a feminist thing until you just asked . 
  is it a bad idea to learn vocab before grammar ? 
  not really , but make sure not to neglect grammar too much . 
  learning enough vocab to speak chinese well is a big task , so get started . 
  is it a bad idea to learn vocab before pronunciation ? 
  most definitely . 
  i 've met a few chinese learners who studied chinese for four years and still ca n't make themselves understood because their pronunciation is just abysmal . 
  if you sound like a gringo in spanish , you can still be more or less understood . 
  if you approximate chinese sounds with the closest english equivalents and do n't pronounce the tones well , it 's very difficult to understand . 
  i do n't see much point in learning words with poor pronunciation you 'll need to correct later . 
  at the beginning , you should take one sentence worth of chinese audio ( preferably with vocab/grammar you 're learning ) and shadow it over and over until you ca n't hear a difference . 
  do the same thing with a few hundred sentences . 
  it 's well worth the time in the long run . 
  i think using the spanish r is a bad idea anyways , but if you ca n't do it already , it 's a complete waste of time . 
  realistic best case scenario , you sound like an immigrant from eastern europe , worst case scenario , you sound like a certain moustachioed bavarian chap with a hatred for jews . 
  if you 're planning on spending time where people actually talk like that , i take back everything i said . 
  there it wo n't sound weird at all , but that accent has zero traction in other parts of germany . 
  spend the time to learn the standard german `` r '' sound . 
  / u/whokilledmrmoonlight 's advice is excellent . 
  i used and really liked pavc ( practical audio visual chinese ) and assimil . 
  both are suitable for self-study , though there are a few exercises meant for classrooms in pavc . 
  i 'd also recommend using anki to memorize things , italki to find language partners , and pleco as a good offline dictionary .
