  mostly russians and eastern europeans . 
  why do n't we just allow non-english discussions here ? 
  that 's how i understand it , as well . 
  would another sub , with only a subset of the users from this sub , want to discuss language learning in another language more often than they do here ? 
  zhuyin input systems most always use tone , but it 'd take a little getting used to if you 're used to typing in pinyin . 
  i personally feel i type faster in zhuyin because i do n't have to spend so much time picking out characters from a list , but that could just be me . 
  chewing is a great one if you use fcitx or something similar , and mac and windows both have their own zhuyin imes . 
  try it out and see if it suits you . 
  i 'm unfortunately not familiar with any pinyin imes where you type the tone . 
  did you mix up the characters in your example , by the way ? 
  you generally do n't need to speak the language of the place you 're going , but it helps . 
  not having a degree will limit your job options , especially in europe where there is no shortage of graduates to in around . 
  there are still jobs where you do n't need a degree , but more and more countries are requiring it for a visa . 
  what i 'm concerned about is the way you write english . 
  i know reddit is not exactly a place where everyone proofreads , but your english comes off as nonnative or at least that you did n't go to school in english . 
  i do n't know what 's causing that , but if you ca n't get it under control , it will be the biggest impediment to you finding a job . 
  that 's harsh , but i feel like i might be going crazy because no one else seems to notice or care that this does n't read like a native speaker wrote it . 
  not just that it has mistakes ; i have facebook , i know what shitty , tired , unproofread english looks like , and i know what it looks like when people write in dialect . 
  aside from oversees , the other mistakes are n't mistakes natives would usually make . 
  2xlangue ? 
  the czech ? 
  i was wonder ? 
  do after the word wonder ? 
  i guess aboard could be a typo , now that i think about it again . 
  op also uses the term uni despite living in the us , which makes me think they might not have grown up there . 
  oh i use uni too , after living outside the states for a while . 
  by itself you ca n't conclude anything from it , it 's just one more little thing that makes me cock my eyebrows at this post . 
  assuming you have experience and speak spanish , i think you could hold off and find a job that pays 15 an hour , but 10 is n't unheard of for a starting salary in spain . 
  yes , it is not a good market compared to asia . 
  way more english speakers want to live in spain and are willing to make less , sometimes even work at a loss , to do it . 
  the experience counts for something , but as someone new without connections i still think more than 15 would be a find . 
  yes , 15 euro/hr net . 
  between the bored semi-retired brits who are just making a little extra cash and the young students/other dependents who want to kill a year in spain , there 's not much pressure on employers to offer more unless you 've got something to back it up . 
  which you do , but yes , i 'd say it 's a local quirk . 
  let 's say you like the pace of studying/practicing a language for one hour a day . 
  if you study three languages , you 'll have to bump it up to three hours a day to see the same progress . 
  otherwise yes , it will make your learning slower . 
  the problem is that duolingo itself does n't provide enough practice to get past about a2 , but the content at the end of the course is not a2 vocab and grammar . 
  in order to get as much out of the course as you can , you need more practice to keep your skills up to the sentences duo is using . 
  can you snore without gagging ? 
  it 's a very similar sound . 
  to turn this into an intensive listening exercise or something suitable for a shorter segment , a similar exercise that 's popular in classrooms is having students listen ( without writing anything down ) , then try to write down as much of it as they can , then listen again , then correct and add to what you wrote the first time , and do it maybe three or four times til you ( think ) you have written down as much of the text as you can . 
  then you can check with the transcript and listen again . 
  now that i write it out it 's actually not that similar , but your post made me think of it for some reason anyways . 
  giving yourself a task while listening is a very good idea . 
  it 's easy to get lost in the fuzz of an unfamiliar language if you do n't have a reason to listen . 
  i started learning german in my early 20s . 
  i 'd say it took about a year and half or two years until i was feeling fluentish . 
  i had a german partner so there was always something around to read or eavesdrop on , but we never spoke german together until a couple years in . 
  i lived in germany for about a year of that time , which certainly helped as well . 
  i do n't remember actually studying much . 
  i never had a proper textbook or anything . 
  i used canoo.net a shitton until i learned the declensions and conjugations , and i read the wikipedia article about german grammar every now and again . 
  plus of course incessant dictionary use . 
  after i was already a more advanced beginner ( a2ish ) , i read and listened to all the harry potter books in german , which helped a ton . 
  i even shadowed a couple of the books . 
  the period while i was doing that was definitely my fastest growth as a german speaker . 
  i was also getting reinforcement outside of the books , but they helped . 
  despite having no real study plan , i learned german faster than any other language i 've learned , which i attribute entirely to actually having a good reason . 
  the first thing that stands out to me is that you 're pronouncing words , not sentences . 
  if you can get the tone and rhythm of a sentence right , it will usually help you be understood more than if you worry about every `` r '' and vowel sound . 
  start by picking short sentences and practice them over and over . 
  one at a time . 
  10s or possible 100s of times at the beginning . 
  record yourself along with the sentence . 
  listen to them at the same time and try to hear the differences : not just the wrong sounds , but wrong intonation or stress as well . 
  it 's important to do this at full speed . 
  so that 's the number one action point , i 'd say . 
  there are a few other issues , but i would n't worry about them nearly as much as the above . 
  pronunciation - your stress is off both times, 
  the vowel on `` you '' does n't sound right, 
  `` did it sound completely alien ? '', 
  i do n't hear the `` t '' on `` it '' or the second `` t '' in `` completely '' . 
  both of those would be glottal stops when i speak , but i do n't hear any kind of / t / when you say them . 
  same problem with `` it '' in the next sentence . 
  your nothing sounds like nothins to me . 
  i did n't hear the `` l '' in help . 
  it 's not pronounced in some dialects ( like mine ) , but most people will think it sounds wrong if you do n't say it . 
  i did n't hear the `` re '' in `` remember '' . 
  when you 're - i did n't hear the n or the r. 
  it was all understandable , though . 
  spend a little time working on your pronunciation at phoneme or word level every day and a lot of time working on sentence-level pronunciation and you 'll be golden . 
  neither have most people , apparently . 
  it was one of the big things people told me about the way i talked when i moved out of alabama . 
  i think it 's a mountain thing , not 100 % though . 
  yes they do , i heard that exact phrase last night . 
  i hear that structure all the time in dortmund . 
  maybe it 's just not common where you are . 
  there are three major ways people try to make esperanto less sexist :, 
  i\u0109ismo is probably the most common of the three . 
  all root words become gender neutral , and when you need or want to distinguish the gender of the person , you add a suffix : i\u0109o to make the word male and ino to make it female . 
  patro is parent , patri\u0109o is father , and patrino is mother . 
  the second option is more or less like the first , but instead of using a suffix , you add the prefix vir to make it male . 
  patro is parent , patrino is mother , and virpatro is father . 
  the third option is to use ge with singulars to show that it is not gender specific . 
  patro is father , patrino is mother , and gepatro is parent . 
  people complain that the default is male , but the advantage is that it 's easiest to understand for people who are n't familiar with the unofficial systems above . 
  the base words like patro do n't change meaning . 
  there are also people who use ri as a gender neutral pronoun , but that 's independent from all the above deviations . 
  i personally use i\u0109o and hope it catches on .
