  sport1 will be broadcasting the eu lcs summer split finals with the well-known streamers and commentators from summoner 's inn at 8:15 p.m. 
  malte `` malternativ '' hess and jona `` johnny '' schmitt will be standing by as experts while maxim markow and nico `` sola '' linke take over the live commentary . 
  as the best-of-five final between g2 esports and splyce begins at 5:00 p.m. , sport1 will not broadcast from the beginning , but cut to the game in progress like they did with the esl one . 
  edit : found an [ english version ] ( http://www.sport1.de/esports/league-of-legends/2016/08/sport1-broadcasting-league-of-legends-summer-finals-2016-on-free-tv ) of the press release linked in the tweet , as well . 
   i do n't think that greek dysglossia, 
  not really any more , but a lot of older ( and some newer ) textbooks at least bring up the difference between katharevousa and demotic , which could give people the wrong idea . 
   i 've met non-native speakers whose english is far better than a lot of native speakers . 
  this is impossible . 
  non-natives , almost by definition , do n't have the same instincts about language that natives do . 
  they can be almost as good , maybe even as good , but not `` better '' . 
  non-natives can be better than english speakers at other skills like teaching , writing , explaining grammar , and so on , but not at the language itself . 
  non-natives may be better teachers in some cases , but they 're not better english speakers . 
  * neither good nor bad per se, 
  * not really . 
  hire the teacher you need . 
  sometimes a non-native might be the best candidate , sometimes a native speaker . 
  maybe in very specific circumstances , but generally no . 
  * in general i think it 's fine like it is in most places . 
  the exception would be asia , where they seem way more interested in someone 's passport or skin color than their abilities or qualifications as a teacher . 
  non-natives should have a higher proportion of jobs in these situations , for sure . 
  non-standard dialect ! = can not speak their own language . 
  a lack of theoretical knowledge of grammar also does not mean that someone ca n't use the grammar and ca n't speak their own language . 
  understanding and being able to naturally use slang is a good thing that shows that you can use the language well , not a mark against it . 
  if your point is that non-native speakers sometimes have a better command of the standard language , that 's true . 
  same thing if your argument is that they can have a better explicit knowledge of grammar . 
  but neither of those are the same as whether or not you can speak a language . 
   a lot of brits would n't have a clue about teaching english . 
  of course not , and they should n't be english teachers . 
  but native speakers can learn how to teach the grammar of their own language just as well as non-natives if they put in the effort . 
   sorry mate but your talkin a load of bollocks !, 
  none of the stuff i 'm saying is controversial . 
  it might be short and need more clarification , but the idea that non-native speakers speak better than some native speakers features frequently on badlinguistics . 
  german : frieden, 
  latin : pax, 
  duolingo does n't have chinese . 
  the only one i have experience with is memrise , and it 's great for studying characters or vocab . 
  i personally prefer anki , though , because i find it easier to make my own cards and i have more control over the program . 
  also , pleco ( primarily a dictionary ) is something every learner should have . 
  it 's a great app . 
  a native speaker is someone who has been exposed to the language from birth or from a very young age . 
  it 's not clear-cut at all with plenty of gray area , and i think your first example would be a fringe case and the second would be considered native most of the time . 
  getting diagnosed is one of the best things that can happen to you , imo . 
  it took the doctors longer than it should have with me , but after diagnosis and surgery i felt a immeasurably better . 
  i hate to be a negative voice here , but do n't get too caught up on the idea of a `` real normal '' . 
  you might respond well to treatment and be pretty normal , or you might never experience `` real normal '' again . 
  until treatments get better , it 's just something some people have to live with . 
  or you may not have crohn 's at all . 
  whatever the situation , best of luck and i hope you get this worked out soon . 
  \u5927\u5bb6 is just a word that means everyone . 
  it does n't necessarily have anything to do with different meanings of \u5bb6 . 
  guangdong uses simplified characters like the rest of the mainland . 
  probably thinking of hong kong . 
  nope , definitely not a friend . 
  the \u5b9d\u5b9d , the \u7231\u4f60\u5572 , that 's not how just friends talk to each other , especially not friends of the opposite sex who used to be lovers and are trying to keep a respectful distance . 
  you 're right on many counts , but it sounds like you 're conflating materialism , the philosophy / socialist doctrine that discounts spiritual explanations or superstitions , and being materialistic , which is what you described for both words . 
  chinese culture is very materialistic , and the actions of the ccp have contributed to that , but it 's completely unrelated to socialism or materialism as ideologies . 
  it 's just more chinese characteristics . 
   theoretically , capitalism is more about materialism than communism . 
  you 're still confusing [ materialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/materialism ) with being [ materialistic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_materialism ) . 
  materialism is an important part of communist philosophy . 
   the torture the crap out of her, 
  he did torture the crap out of her , if we 're to believe what leia says about it in bloodline ~ ~ s ~ ~ . 
  oh sorry , i meant bloodline , the new one , which is canon . 
  i know on linux using fcitx i can select traditional or simplified separately from the input method i 'm using . 
  same thing on multiling , the keyboard i use for android . 
  no idea how to do it on windows or mac , unfortunately . 
  depending on which year / edition and language the courses can get you anywhere from a2 to b2 . 
  mandarin is definitely no more than a2 , the catalan course from spanish is probably close to b2 . 
  just sell it as a study group ( which it is for you ) and leave out the bit about how you do n't think it will be useful . 
  yeah , but by the time you 've sunk the thousands of hours you need to learn chinese with any script , chances are you 'll have picked up a good bit of the other script from tv shows or just seeing it around . 
  the other set takes a bit of getting used to , but it 's only a few hundred characters that are really different . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is a case of chinese parents , who , generally , are n't the best about giving kids space , regardless of age . 
   chinese parents do n't have the monopoly on control issues . 
  oh no , i did n't mean to imply that at all . 
  i just recognize this poster . 
  the expected parent/child relationship is very different in china , and while i ca n't imagine tolerating it myself under almost any circumstances , i recognize that the conditions are n't there for a lot of young chinese people ( in greater china , not talking about abcs here ) to defy their parents . 
  you could leave it out , or you could just say you want to study more than the other students who only study with groups from the university . 
  i could see it working either way . 
  is turn of phrases the common plural ? 
  i would have said turns of phrase . 
  i studied greek first . 
  it helped with latin , in case you want to learn that later . 
  i do n't see any reason to learn latin first if you actually want to learn greek . 
  it 's always faster to learn one language than that language plus another one . 
  i 've organized with socialists in many different places and never heard the stuff you 're saying from anyone except anarchists who are pushing the limits of still being socialist . 
  not that it 's necessarily a bad discussion to be having , but you definitely should n't expect your views to be the default views in a group of average socialists . 
  slavery and serfdom . 
  barely , unless they were nobility or equivalent . 
  reading your responses in this thread , you seem to be a primitivist , though . 
  how do you describe yourself ? 
  yes , i was answering for right before capitalism . 
  if you go back far enough , then you get hunters and gatherers , which is not a suitable system for large scale production , worldwide distribution , or scientific or economic progress . 
  other than h and g ( and socialism of course ) , someone is always getting exploited as much or more than capitalism . 
  you 're right , it does , but work does n't have to be alienated and capitalist to still be work . 
  they still seem to think life is going to flip over night and people wo n't have to go to `` labor '' , though . 
  oh , i have n't read much communist literature in english so i was unaware that the word work was specifically associated with capitalism . 
  ah , i 'm on my phone so i cant find it , but somewhere else in the thread i quoted where op had said some things that sounded like he was n't allowing for a transitional period . 
   i do n't know about you but if somebody told me that after the revolution i 'd have to go back to work in the same factory or office with the only difference being that i no longer have a boss , i 'd probably tell them to take their revolution and stuff it . 
  though you 've since explained that the revolution is the transition . 
  even maoists generally do n't use the word like that , but i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume this is just a misunderstanding and we 'd mostly agree over a pint .
