  the areas i was living in do n't really share america 's transient culture , so it may be completely unrelated . 
  it 's a name . 
  the pinyin is d\u016bp\u00e9ng , but it 's probably just a transliteration of dupont . 
  grammar knowledge can certainly help . 
  it 's one of the great advantages of learning a language as an adult . 
  might as well use it . 
  i personally find that reading through wiki articles and googling questions i have is enough grammar for me to make sense of most of it . 
  the majority of it you can get just by knowing what to look for . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd benefit from explicitly studying grammar in chinese . 
  i did an edx course on intermediate chinese grammar , but the listening practice was more useful than the grammar itself . 
  i do n't have to know why if i can use it . 
  of course i picked up a few things , but i also pick up new things when i watch tv , read , etc. 
  if i see something i do n't get , i google it , but honestly most of chinese grammar is just word order , and knowing when to use what word order and what kind of words take up which spots . 
  most of the things that still baffle me grammatically are very formal , so i 've started learning a bit of classical chinese . 
  i 've always wanted to , and it will help my mandarin , so why not . 
  hopefully i 'll pick up some of the metalanguage used to describe mandarin while i 'm at it . 
   yeah nah , this is hilarious . 
  in fact , modern native english speakers tend to make more mistakes of this kind than non-native english speakers , because there is pressure on the latter group to acquire a more complete understanding of the rules due to testing , and falling standards in english language education in the anglosphere . 
  i 'm talking about making mistakes in their own dialects . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speech_error#psycholinguistic_classification ) are some types of native errors that occur in one 's own dialect . 
  some dialects have been influenced by other languages , but that 's not the same as mistakes made because of l1 interference . 
  the speech community does not recognize case 1 as a mistake , but they will recognize case 2 as a mistake . 
  guttural is not a term with any defined linguistic meaning . 
  russian has some sounds towards the back of the mouth that english does n't , but it 's not some broad characteristic that applies to every sound . 
  does actually knowing latin make you look less like a tool ? 
  it 's not like we walk around with `` i speak latin '' badges . 
  sometimes it makes sense , no question . 
  but when people who do n't know you see you , they do n't know the reason and you look like everyone with a latin tattoo . 
  seems like the person seeing you 's judginess determines whether you look like a tool a lot more than your reasons for getting the tattoo or whether you speak latin . 
   how do you distinguish between l1 interference and interference from other languages ? 
  whether or not the speech community recognizes it as an error . 
  i said that already . 
  no , it 's not race-based . 
   huh ? 
  i 'm talking about native english speakers making mistakes in english , specifically tense mistakes , which you claimed was more of a non-native thing . 
  your incomprehension is so strong here i do n't see any way to explain it . 
  spaniards were a lot more reserved ( and i was in andulucia , one of the areas where they 're not supposed to be reserved ) , a lot less friendly , less smiley , less chatty with strangers . 
  the food is totally different . 
  people generally seemed loud , stressed , and prone to yell at each other . 
  people were less flexible . 
  different economic history , different race relations . 
  so yeah , most everything i 'd say about how every other european country is different from latin america . 
  latin american music has obvious spanish influences and they speak the same language , but i do n't think the similarities run much deeper . 
  architecture in some colonial cities , i guess . 
  in my mind , mexico and central america have more in common with the us than they do with spain . 
  the general consensus is that spanish does n't take quite as long to learn . 
  there 's not a big difference in difficulty , though . 
  learn whichever one you 're more interested in first . 
  i only keep up with esports in german , but it 's full of anglicisms . 
  some commentators even use the english names for the units , despite them having german names in the german versions of the games . 
  [ readmore ] ( http://www.readmore.de/start ) is a good site to keep up with esports in german . 
  i think other commenters have already gotten the most common genres that are n't english or a direct translation thereof , ego-shooter and jump 'n' runs . 
  [ here ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_von_computerspielen_nach_genre ) 's a list of video game genres in german . 
  as you can see , most of them are either english or direct translations . 
   i did n't understand why you went from talking about people making errors while speaking english/mandarin , i.e. 
  a prestige language , to, 
  i was never talking about the prestige language . 
   i do n't recall us talking about people making mistakes in shanghainese , cantonese , or gaelic . 
  gaelic is not a dialect of english . 
  different language family . 
  do you think shanghainese and cantonese are as similar to mandarin as hiberno-english is to whatever you think is standard ? 
  also , i was talking about people making mistakes in their own dialects this whole time . 
  are those numbers classroom study ? 
  self-study ? 
  what are they then ? 
  i do n't want to turn reddit into a place where everything needs a citation , but i 'm curious about why you 're using those numbers . 
  i ca n't find the quoted sources from the wikipedia article on german , but the french and english hours given both look like class hours . 
  the numbers seem a little low to me , which is why i was clarifying . 
  the english link from wikipedia is n't relevant any more , but [ here ] ( https://support.cambridgeenglish.org/hc/en-gb/articles/202838506-guided-learning-hours ) 's one that says the same thing . 
  this thread has been derailed from the beginning . 
  we were never on the same page . 
  but of course , the issue is that * i * shifted , not that you misunderstood my argument and doggedly refuse to accept it when i clarify . 
  no , i was talking about native speakers of their own dialects . 
  in this context , i was talking about dialects of english and mandarin . 
  you bringing related languages like shanghainese and cantonese into this as dialects is weird and irrelevant . 
  i was never talking about them . 
   we were talking about l1 interference . 
  in interference theory , it really does n't matter what the genealogical relation of l1 to the target language is , as the very presence of differences in the two languages will lead to interference anyway . 
  i completely agree . 
  i 've been trying to tell you you 've been arguing with something i have n't been saying this whole time , but it 's not getting through . 
  at this point , it really seems like you 're being intentionally dense and/or intentionally combative . 
  i 've clarified myself multiple times , and you continue talking about what you thought i meant instead of what i said i meant . 
  you blame me for derailing a response to something you misunderstood and made assumptions about when i tried to clarify . 
  at this point i ca n't see any reason to keep talking about it , because you seem to be reading all my responses into what you want me to hear instead . 
  being hard is something that can be overcome , but the poster is right that it 's still a language that is strongly bound up with its ethnicity , and no amount of study will cross that boundary if you do n't look chinese . 
  i also do n't think mandarin is a good job investment . 
  it 's a great language to know . 
  there 's lots to read and watch and do , but even if you do conquer the challenges , you 'll never blend in or be on the same footing as chinese people or overseas chinese who speak the language well , or even not as well as you . 
  start writing a little bit before you put yourself in a situation where you need to speak . 
  chatting on the internet is a good option , or just writing for yourself . 
  do n't be afraid to look up words you do n't know . 
  you feel stupid looking up easy words at first , but in my experience it all starts coming back after you get the gears moving a bit . 
  i have two types of cards that i particularly like : one for intensive listening and learning to passively recognize new things , and one for active recall . 
  the first one has three fields : tlaudio , a sentence or phrase of audio in the tl ; tl , a transcription of tlaudio ; and l1 , a translation of the tl sentence in english . 
  the sentence should have something you do n't know : grammar , vocab , turn of phrase , whatever ; but you should be able to understand most of it . 
  q : [ sound : enja-0001-29 . ogg ], 
  what are you interested in ? 
  the second type is close deletion cards . 
  it 's easier just to give an example . 
  a : [ sound : enja-0001-29 . ogg ],
