  also , sorry people are hating on you for dookan . 
  i sometimes do n't get a chance to watch the new stuff in english , so i feel your pain . 
  not only that , but i thought the story of why dooku was changed to dookan was pretty well-known . 
  count von butthole just does n't have the same ring to it . 
  tbh i think jumping on someone for using a foreign version of a name was a pretty dick thing to do . 
  if you do n't have empathy to go , `` huh , maybe he watched it in a different language where he has a different name '' , or even just `` maybe there 's some reason he 's using a different name , maybe i should not be a dick about it since it does n't matter '' , that says a lot more about you than about op . 
  it 's not like it made it more difficult to understand . 
  not only are you not a nice person , you also act like a victim when people downvote you for it . 
  i 'm an asshole sometimes too , but i do n't act indignant when people treat me like an asshole . 
  jack 's . 
  they have burgers and actual fried chicken , not the composite board stuff like from mcdonald 's . 
  the chicken biscuits are better than chik-fil-a 's , and they have real ice cream , not just frozen yogurt . 
   well its a good thing he edited the post to let us know after i commented . 
  poor you . 
  sounds like you see yourself as the victim here to me . 
   relax, 
  you 're giving me a great opportunity to be an asshole on the internet because i do n't feel remotely bad about telling you how shitty and dishonest with yourself you 're being . 
  i ca n't let such a relaxing opportunity pass me by . 
  what makes the articulation clearer than general american ( on nbc , for example ) ? 
  someone told me on a thread about the johns suppression initiative that arresting johns is bad because then it 's harder for the prostitute to make money . 
  it 's hard for me to wrap my head around this : you see a poor woman and you think , `` she needs more johns '' ? 
  is that really the best we can do ? 
  it 's pretty hard to find a more short-sighted solution than that . 
  it 's not about changing the system at all . 
  if their exposure to rp is from the bbc , it seems to me like their exposure to ga would likely be from american media 's `` cultivated '' accent , as well . 
  i think you 're giving those commenters way too much credit if you think they were saying that john oliver speaks more clear than leroy mcsmithovski , plumber from ohio . 
  it 's not necessarily the case , but i find nothing in the comment thread that supports your explanation . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  0 points followed by 2 , where it stands now , is unlikely to be the second commenter ( me ) downvoting . 
  i will downvote this one , though , because i always downvote comments that complain about downvotes . 
  extra points for accusing me of doing it . 
  it 's showing up fine for me . 
  are you still seeing it with the strikethrough ? 
  the first linked comment is comparing him to other tv presenters . 
  taken in context with the first paragraph , it seems to imply that the commenter understands him better than other presenters . 
  it could be an unrelated sentence , but comparing him to other hosts seems more likely than him comparing john oliver with average americans . 
  and yes , people usually understand the dialect they 're more exposed to better . 
  in france , that 's often british english . 
  waffle house is generally my first choice if i do n't want barbecue . 
  it 's delicious, 
  why do you think he 's getting his idea from movies ? 
  you could be right , but it seems simpler to assume his comparison is to the american shows he 's talking about ( tonight show or whatever ) . 
  what makes it easier or harder for non natives ? 
  similarity to their language or amount of exposure , i 'd say . 
  there is nothing about scottish that makes it intrinsically harder for foreigners to understand, 
  that just seems like speculation to me . 
  since they 're french , statistically they probably watch real news in french and dubbed movies . 
  it 's better to go off what they said instead of guessing, 
  i would n't doubt that , but the person i was responding to said it was clearer , not that french people find it easier, 
   pretty succinct philosophy, 
  ehhh marx is a lot of things but i 'm not sure succinct is one of them . 
  mister_sleepy had a nice succinct summary , but that 's hardly comprehensive . 
  if the antifa had actually read marx instead of being a bunch fucking goons , they 'd know that the kind of violence threatens capitalism requires planning , co\u00f6rdination , and weapons . 
  punching some half-baked nazis in the face is about as revolutionary as shitting your pants . 
  i 'd definitely lump teaching materials and teachers in with exposure . 
  okay , then i do n't think we disagree on anything . 
  the linked comments were n't just expressing personal opinions , though . 
  some of them were making statements about how the different dialects sound that were much broader than `` it 's easier for me because i 'm used to it '' . 
  \u042d\u0442\u043e is accusative because it 's the object of the verb . 
  the structure is \u0434\u0430\u0442\u044c someone ( dative ) something ( accusative ) . 
   to escalate the star wars universe, 
  ca n't speak for everyone , of course , but that 's kind of why i did n't like the vong . 
  it felt like the dragonball z trap , where you just kept escalating the stakes until it got ridiculous . 
  after our heroes fend off extragalactic invaders that are immune to the force/not alive in some sense , where do you go from there ? 
  why did the original story matter ? 
  it makes rebellion versus empire as trivial as luke arguing with his uncle about going to the tosche station to pick up some power converters . 
  i use perapera on firefox . 
  i 'm pretty sure they have a chrome extension as well . 
  in case you have n't googled it yet , just put `` type : '' in front of the field when you are in the customize cards screen . 
  if the field you want to be tested on is `` kanji '' , it would be { { type : kanji } } on the front of the card . 
   both apple and blackberry are launching ... 
  present progressive as future . 
  you do n't use present simple because it 's not a timetable . 
  also , this year , this month , etc. 
  are signal words that should tip you off that simple present probably is n't the write tense . 
   google currently holds the top position . 
  hold is a non-continuous verb for some uses , including this one . 
  you 're exactly right . 
  your teacher is wrong . 
  sorry about that . 
  there 's no reason . 
  the n't just got lost somewhere , probably for purely phonological reasons that have nothing to do with the meaning of the sentence . 
  people try to explain it by saying it 's short for `` i could care less , but i 'd have to try '' , or `` i could care less , but not much '' or something like that , but it reeks of folk idiom origin stories . 
  it 's only wrong if you try to make sense of it word for word , which is not really how language works . 
  i personally do n't say `` i could care less '' because i never learned it that way , but some people do and as a learner you should treat it as equivalent to `` i could n't care less '' . 
  it never even occurred to me to think that star wars could end . 
  it 's a world i grew up with , not just a story . 
  but you 're right , they could escalate if they were willing to finish the story , but i really hope they do n't . 
  and they wo n't , because lunchboxes . 
  i 'm willing to bend my views on commercialization if it means star wars movies for the rest of my life . 
   most of the time i 'll see/hear it , i just tell people something along the lines of well , go ahead and do then !, 
  and walk away muttering stuff about moronic idiots who ca n't speak their own language hahaha . 
  that is of course your prerogative , but be aware it will , to the people that use `` could care less '' natively , feel like telling a german they 're a moronic idiot for using the phrase `` tie a bear to someone '' . 
  it makes no sense , but that 's just how the language is . 
  same thing with this phrase in many varieties of american english . 
  it 's inefficient to learn . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's inefficient to use . 
  it 's faster to type than pinyin with tones , especially if you use something like wubi . 
  many people claim it 's easier to read . 
  i agree , but there 's no proof i 'm aware of .
