  if you 're using it as your primary source , the amount of time they say you 'll have to spend on gsr is not enough per day . 
  it should be at least double that , probably . 
  most mortals ca n't pick up that many new vocab items , grammar concepts , improve their pronunciation , etc. 
  in 20 minutes a day . 
  i 'm sure some can , but do n't expect it for yourself . 
  20 minutes a day is an okay estimate if you 're using it as a supplement to another textbook , but by itself you 'll need to spend more time with it . 
  if you 're the kind of person who can focus , stay motivated even when the material is n't `` gamified '' or particularly fun , identify and look up new grammar points yourself , and are generally a self-sufficent learner , then glossika is probably a fanstastic course for you . 
  you wo n't be wasting any time . 
  or , if you 're using another textbook , or have finished one already , glossika is a fanstastic supplement or next step . 
  and money per content , it 's very , very effiicient . 
  but no , it will take more than 100 hours to get to b2 . 
  you 're right to be skeptical , but you should n't dismiss it the same way you do those `` linguists hate him '' ads for pimsleur . 
  not that pimsleur 's necessarily bad , but that 's another topic . 
  the english name that shows up at the beginning of the documentary is chairman mao - the last emperor . 
  [ english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmbjbiem5vg ) [ chinese ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jskm2rd1kw ), 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i should have added that i 'm basing my experiences mostly on their mandarin products , which i 've done about 4000 sentences of . 
  i 've found a few errors in the courses , but it 's usually mismatched audio or something like that . 
  i 've looked through some other ones , and am slowly working through cantonese and arabic right now for shits and giggles because i 'm physically incapable of staying faithful to one language , but i would n't be able to tell how natural they are because i neither know the languages well nor speak them often enough to get feedback on what i 'm learning . 
  i also bought vietnamese , because a book with the inclusion of chu nom was just too good to pass up . 
  as a southerner , i feel most comfortable around southern american english and aave , and less comfortable around standard american english or non-american englishes ( e.g. 
  british english ) . 
  what people find painful to listen to is subjective . 
  if you do n't like it , that 's fine , but do n't act like it 's painful to listen to as some kind of objective truth . 
  yes , speaking aave does make the speaker seem like they never got past 6th grade . 
  seem to whom ? 
  you ( and many others ) . 
  why ? 
  because the speaker really did n't get past 6th grade , and is actually uneducated ? 
  or because that 's what you project onto aave speakers , due to a lot of historical factors which make aave speakers more likely to come from low income areas with limited access to education . 
  just for fun , replace the word aave speaker with black person in my last paragraph , and `` speaking aave '' with `` being black '' . 
  besides the question of whether or not it 's correct , they used `` jamp '' as the simple past , not a past participle . 
  my weight fluctuates regularly from about 85kg to 105kg . 
  it 'll usually change very quickly , within a month or so , and then stay relatively steady ( + -5 kg ) for a few months . 
  i 'm 6 ' 3 , so at no point do i look super fat , but i 'm definitely chubby when i 'm going through a fat phase . 
  the funny thing is the fluctuations do n't seem to be linked directly to flares ( though of course i will lose a bit ) , but my cravings/safe foods will change overnight sometimes . 
  no idea why . 
  my doctor just said that 's crohn 's , more or less . 
  because it 's relevant to op , the first person i met with crohn 's irl after getting diagnosed was my friend 's dad , who was obese and seemed to live on a diet of only oreo ice cream . 
  got ta stick to your safe foods , i guess . 
  while i rarely see people using qr codes in the west , i use them multiple times a day in china , and they show no signs of disappearing anytime soon . 
  i use a qr code to pay for my food through my phone , a qr code to add someone 's contact info , a qr code to go to a site to get more qr codes to use as coupons . 
  it 's anything but dead . 
  [ mein gesicht ] ( http://dybiz.com/sites_randomblog/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/fat-american-man-at-the-beach.jpg ) wenn jemand brot als toast bezeichnet . 
   the cefr scale is great for non-natives , since they often learn a more formal and standardized register that is useful for the exam . 
  i would argue that this is very biased towards people from developed countries studying languages in an academic setting . 
  i know immigrants in the states who speak great english , but would have a lot of the same troubles with cef tests that their native-speaking , not-terribly-literate appalachian neighbors would . 
   which is why i do n't wish to advocate anything that suggests natives must be proficient in the standard . 
  suggesting that non-natives must be proficient in the standard is not much better , in my opinion . 
  it assumes that the non-natives are studying the language formally , which is much more common in non-natives from developed countries than immigrants who come for manual labor and mostly wing it . 
  just to be clear , i think cefr is really useful for assessing the abilities of white-collar european workers , and i 'm not opposed to it in general . 
  it is called the european framework , after all . 
  have there been any studies about what accents americans/brits/other groups of people find the most `` pleasing to the ears ? '', 
  as it is right now , it mostly sounds like people 's personal opinions , which may or may not match up with the rest of their language community . 
  i remember a study of japanese english learners where they voted an alabamian and a scot as the accents they preferred , if i remember correctly . 
  i 'm guessing the perception will change not just between countries , but also within the countries themselves . 
  i would n't expect someone from northern ireland to have the same feelings about rp as someone from london , for example , and a mississippian and a bostonian are going to have very different dialect prejudices . 
  reddit usually is n't blocked . 
  i do n't have to use a vpn or anything most of the time . 
   ~ ~ tones + pinyin ( plus pronunciation ) -  vocab . 
  textbook -  glossika/native material, 
  get a good textbook . 
  there are some for free online if you 're cheap . 
  use the textbook . 
  it will teach you pinyin . 
  use the recordings and the dialogues until they make you sick . 
  learn pronunciation from them . 
  a textbook will teach you everything in context - you 'll be learning vocab , grammar , and practicing listening and pronunciation all at the same time . 
  studies have shown that we remember things better when we learn them in context . 
  studying vocab and grammar separately is not only crippling yourself for no reason , but can lead to englishinese if you 're not careful . 
  learning the tones in isolation only goes so far . 
  learn how the tones sound when spoken together as a sentence . 
  glossika is good for this , but not at the beginning . 
  a good textbook like practical audio visual chinese ( pavc ) or assimil will have plenty of audio recordings and dialogues to get you started . 
  practice pronouncing sentences , not just individual words . 
  a foreigner got chased out of a bar for being with a chinese girl a couple of days after the parade . 
  they ran into a couple of ( sober ) foreigners passing by on the street and the chinese guys got beat . 
  no police trouble or publicity outside of wechat . 
  police were called , but all involved foreigners were long gone , and there has n't been any follow up , despite being extremely easy to find due to our small numbers here ( ~ 15 ) . 
  probably because there were plenty of witnesses and it was clearly the drunk chinese guys that started it . 
  i never had a teacher , but a lot of the people i practiced chinese with when i was studying were women , and i watched a lot of romance soap operas because i thought they were easy to understand . 
  when i got to china , my new chinese friends called me ladyboy . 
  and as far as i know , chinese speech does n't vary as much by gender as korean and japanese do . 
  it must be pretty funny , because i 'm a big guy with a deep voice but apparently talked like a teenage girl . 
  it more or less fixed itself with time , or so they say . 
  with some languages the difference can be huge , garifuna being the most extreme example i can think of . 
  some teachers will try to neutralize their language , but other teachers prioritize speaking naturally with the students . 
  i personally think both approaches have their merits . 
  for a language with a big gender divide , i would still choose a good teacher over a bad teacher , but having a teacher that you can use as a model for your own speech ( i.e. 
  probably the same gender ) should be a consideration . 
  / u/larus _ sapiens gave some good examples of what would make someone 's speech sound more feminine . 
  in my case , i think it was more my tone of voice and inflection than any specific vocabulary ( like \u554a or \u8ba8\u538c ) , which is pretty easy to avoid if you know about it . 
  my friends would repeat what i said in an over-the-top childish/feminine manner . 
  i never picked up on exactly what was making my speech sound like that , but after moving to china and talking to a wide range of people i seem to have just dropped it . 
  took a train with three times as many people as there are seats . 
  only caught five people taking pictures of me . 
  at my transfer , i was surrounded by mothers telling me to say hello to their children and then clapping every time i did it . 
  i accidentally stepped in something sticky in the waiting room , then walked through sunflower seeds . 
  both feet . 
  i ate mcdonald 's , and when i went to the bathroom , and there was a guy just waiting there .
