  i 've been stopped going over the dutch border at night , but that does n't seem all too unreasonable to me . 
  germany has a big problem with bringing in drugs , weapons , and prostitutes from the netherlands . 
  a lot of germans read me as arab , and it 's been years since i was n't randomly searched in a german airport , but that 's not really a border agent problem . 
   heading for a cyberpunk dystopia, 
  i consider us fully there since people started walking around in their smartphones all the time . 
  that was the last missing piece . 
  my yearly reread of neuromancer seems almost entirely plausible now . 
  the only thing we 're really missing is the space beach resort . 
  this was a long time ago now . 
  i wrote a letter . 
  never heard back . 
  joke 's on him , though , he 's probably still a miserable bastard and i have a kick-ass wife . 
  open-casket visitations are the norm . 
  it 's not uncommon to have it closed-casket , either , but there 's usually a particular reason for doing it that way . 
  another interesting thing about american burial practices compared to what i know of europe is that we normally leave people in the ground . 
  weirded me out when i realized germans and spaniards only get to stay buried for a few decades and then got ta make room for more . 
  put them in little boxes , burn them . 
  depends on who , really . 
  the cemeteries often have signs on some of the graves with pending exhumation notices so you can contact someone if you know the person and care what happens afterward . 
  or krimson , for the more unique bama fans . 
   in case of cremation , most european countries even forbid to keep the ashes at home , they have to be put onto a cemetery ( buried or some sort of cabinet ) or scattered at a special designated place ( often some grounds with lawns and trees next to the cemetery ) . 
  so telling people how they can be buried gives them more dignity ? 
  when my dad died , we picked him up in the sheets , dropped him into the box , threw him on the back of a pickup and took him to his final resting place with no outside involvement , because that 's what he wanted . 
  i got an uncle who 's bungee corded to a tree on his property because that 's where he wanted to be . 
  not letting people do what they want with their bodies seems extremely disrespectful to me , as does digging up people because no one cares about them any more . 
  my family graveyard goes back to the 1700s and i would n't even consider digging them up . 
  it 's one of those minor cultural quirks that hardly ever causes issues , but i find i have very , very different ideas about death than most germans do . 
  germans also get weird about taking kids to funerals , whereas that was a biweekly event for me growing up since before i can remember . 
  [ jen la simbolo de rasismo ] ( https://www.redneckrevolt.org/single-post/2009/12/05/young-patriots-and-panthers-a-story-of-white-antiracism ) , kiam la blankuloj batalis rasismon kun la black panthers . 
  oh , i should have divided up my stories a bit better . 
  the urn with the ashes is bungee corded to the tree . 
  they did n't let him rot up there or anything . 
   the missing piece for me is wide spread and fairly routine cybernetics . 
  we 're not there yet , but its close . 
  i can see that . 
  the similarity of the chip implants behind the ears of the panther moderns in neuromancer and bluetooth headsets are when i checked it off , but we 're still not anywhere near some of the more imaginative cybernetic implants . 
  i 've known a few people who feel the same way about the book , and i can kind of see it myself . 
  gibson is definitely my favorite author of the genre , but if neuromancer did n't do it for you then his other stories wo n't , either . 
  i 'm a big fan of some of the japanese takes on it , especially battle angel : alita , akira , gits , and things like that , but as far as novels go , my cyberpunk itch rarely gets scratched . 
  ready player one was an interesting take on a lot of the same themes , but it was another book that was a cool idea with just okay execution . 
  i personally liked it , but if you have n't read it , do n't go in expecting too much . 
  right now the cyborg handbook is on the nightstand , which is good if you 're into collections of essays about transhumanism . 
  i 've read most of the classics of the genre , but i 'd love to hear if you 've read any recent cyberpunk-related books ( novels/short stories especially ) that you 'd recommend . 
  china was mostly just bizarre . 
  stereotypes included having guns , driving on the left , and eating hamburgers . 
  half the people i met probably could n't name more than three countries outside of asia . 
  a good chunk had never talked to a foreigner before . 
  i had one person ask me to point out where i was from on a map of europe after telling them i was american . 
  a little girl saw me come into a shop and ran and asked her father if i was an alien ( it 's not ambiguous like english , she was asking if i was from another planet ) . 
  it was by and large too ignorant to call it good or bad , but people were friendly enough most of the time . 
  latin americans have always been nice to me . 
  no big complaints there . 
  most of europe has been very nice , but i met my fair share of people in spain who seemed to conflate their anti-imperialist views with my personal americanness . 
  not a big fan of that . 
  germans were always cool about it and did n't jump to conclusions before hearing me talk about politics myself , but it 's gotten worse since trump . 
  i had a woman storm out on me for saying i agreed with trump 's decision on the paris accord the other day . 
  i 've been mostly keeping anything remotely pro-trump to myself since then . 
  i do n't feel like i should have to . 
  i disagree with him about 90 % of the time , but that 's not enough for the media-fueled anti-trump fury in germany right now . 
  the worst part is that it 's become a standard question when people learn that i 'm american . 
  the problem is that you get set on the path in 4th grade . 
  i like having more options for students who do n't have a future in academia , but it 's a bit rough sometimes , especially for students from poor/immigrant backgrounds who get shuffled into vocational tracks at a very early age . 
  it has gotten better , though . 
  i have used the daily life course . 
  on the whole , it 's a lower level than the last 1000 sentences of the fluency course , but there 's not that much overlap with the content . 
  i did it after the fluency course and still got a lot out of it . 
  my biggest complaint is that it focused way too much on medical terms and phrases towards the end of the course . 
  i mean , that 's useful and helpful if you have to go to the doctor , but i think they overdid it . 
  polar bear caf\u00e9, 
  it depends a lot on where you 're from . 
  you can get fresh stuff at any walmart or nicer grocery store . 
  that said , if there is a dollar general ten minutes from your house and a walmart 40 minutes from your house , in practice you 're not going to have the same fresh options at the grocery store as someone living closer to a population center would . 
  but for most americans near cities , there are plenty of fresh and pre-packaged options for most anything you want to eat . 
  i frequently make fun of german supermarkets for being east german because a store serving a comparably sized community in the us would have a much bigger selection from a much bigger variety of culinary traditions . 
  if it 's not in oma 's cookbook , the local grocery store here in germany probably does n't have it . 
  there a steady seep of turkish goods and wraps and things like that , but in general the grocery stores in germany are extremely lacking in diversity compared to the us . 
  you can get anything in a big city , of course , but that 's true most everywhere . 
  i do n't know much about super foods , but quinoa is not hard to find at all in the us . 
  i would n't be surprised if even dollar general has quinoa , but i do n't eat it so i 'm not sure . 
  if i go out to a restaurant in alabama i 'm expecting to pay a minimum of $ 7 . 
  fast food can be cheaper , but to get a decent meal it 's hard to go under $ 7 . 
   to americans that visited europe before , are those goods more or less expensive in the us than in europe ? 
  that answer would be completely different for different parts of germany , much less europe . 
  dortmund is cheap as cheap can be , munich not so much . 
  in general , milk products are way more expensive in the us . 
  other than that i have n't noticed huge differences in price . 
   in here you go to the fruit section put the fruit in a bag and then the supermarket staff has to weight it and derive the price from it . 
  the bf of a friend of mine said that in the us you pay for each piece of fruit you buy . 
  like 1banana = $ 1 instead of being $ 5/kg ( or whatever weird measurements you use lol ) . 
  i think its more practical like that though i wonder if its not more expensive . 
  i have been to supermarkets that use both systems on both sides of the atlantic , but i think weighing your own food is significantly less common in the usa . 
  it 's just less hassle if the cashier does it . 
  also , paying by piece or per weight depends on the product . 
  i have n't noticed a big difference in how common one or the other is in the us or europe . 
  it 's easier and often cheaper to eat packaged food than fresh food . 
  portions play a huge role in fattening us up , as well . 
   there was n't healthy foods in supermarket or restaurants other than fast food chains ... 
  this is a very big issue in rural areas , but cities are fat too . 
  a lot of it just cultural . 
  we eat too much and we prize convenience over health .
