  it does n't have an object because there 's no verb that takes an object . 
  a compound sentence needs two independent clauses , does n't it ? 
  this sentence has only one . 
  what makes you think it 's not correct ? 
  why do you think it would be speechlore ? 
  sometimes tongues do n't wield the same roots . 
  tonguecraft seems easier to understand . 
  speechcraft already has another meaning in english . 
  i personally do n't think the sub has too many political posts at the moment . 
  i 'd rather not split it up . 
  the email today said that danish and norwegian will be released within a few days . 
  looking at the site , it seems like swedish and danish are already out . 
  no sign of norwegian yet . 
  the new format is nice , but it 's too bad they 're not continuing with the old-style courses as well . 
  i liked the versatility and the one-time payment . 
  i do n't hate the new format , but it 's also not really offering me anything that the other courses did n't . 
  with that in mind , paying $ 30 a month for a fairly small amount of convenience is definitely not appealing to me . 
  i 'm just bummed out because i had been planning on buying syrian arabic and uyghur when they came out , but i 'm not interested in paying $ 30 a month . 
  i 'm glad i bought some courses before i really wanted them , because i have those forever and do n't have to pay any more for them . 
  according to someone in another thread , i think / u/henkkles , the $ 30 gets you access to all of the languages . 
  i 'm a serial dabbler and would probably benefit more from having access to all the languages than most people , but it 's still a little hefty for something i mostly use as a supplement . 
  plus it breaks my workflow with anki , which is probably the bigger reason i wo n't use it , but i ca n't really blame them because i think the new system * is * more convenient for people who do n't already have a routine . 
  i 'm not a neo-confederate , but i have generally positive feelings toward the idea of being our own country . 
  i do n't have one huge beef . 
  the centers of culture in the us are new york and california . 
  the media produced there do n't reflect my experience of america . 
  the media being terrible is a separate issue , but the cultural and value difference does n't help . 
  i do n't feel like i have much more in common with people from other parts of the us than i do brits , possibly with the exception of midwesterners . 
  i was never too aware of how southern i was until i moved out of the us and , funnily enough , started meeting and working with more non-southern americans . 
  i have no ill feelings toward any region of the us , but some of them just are n't much more like us than any other western country . 
  pretty much every american i hit it off with is either southern or , if they 're from somewhere else , black ( aka southern parents/grandparents ) . 
  there 's just a base of shared values , social norms , assumptions , and experiences we share that are n't shared by americans as whole . 
  and , for all the trouble it causes , i 'm a big fan of democracy and self-determination . 
  a lot of the trouble we run into as a country is trying to make laws that are as appropriate for los angeles as they are for mississippi . 
  it 's hard . 
  it 's difficult . 
  we want different things . 
  we have different problems . 
  we very likely have a different preference for how we want to solve those problems . 
  being separate would mean we can put our needs first , fix them the way we see fit , and overall have a government that 's more responsive to the people . 
  right now most southerners are n't interested in independence , which is also fine by me . 
  it will continue to be fine by me until they try to take our guns , at which point it will probably stop being fine with a lot of other people , too . 
  i also support more or less every independence movement for the same reasons . 
  people deserve the right to govern themselves if they want . 
  the nonsense going on in catalonia today is one of these things i do n't see both sides of . 
  preventing people from voting on how they want to govern themselves is absolutely unacceptable . 
  i know this is an unpopular opinion , but true neo-confederates are n't that common in my experience . 
  any kind of southern secessionist can be hard to come by , so i figured i might be the closest answer op got . 
   there are some people that believe the majority of people in the federal government are morally bankrupt and want to destroy the country . 
  if a person honestly felt that way , of course they are going to want to secede . 
  i would n't say that 's the main reason i support secession , but it certainly does n't help . 
  thai is already up on the site . 
  i wish australian rules football and rugby were more popular in the us . 
  both are a lot of fun to watch . 
  americans tend to wear looser suits than europeans . 
  i usually stock up on dress clothes when i 'm in the states because i find the cuts far more comfortable . 
  why should you be careful who you say this to ? 
  does n't seem like a hot-button issue these . 
   defense should be a verb and defence a noun to be consistent with practise versus practice, 
  what is a practise ? 
  i was just trying to point out that since we do n't use practise , the reasoning you gave for defence/defense does n't really work for us . 
  \u03b3\u1f70\u03c1 - sentence connector , not translated, 
  so literally , it says `` the root of all evils is the love of money . '', 
  do n't stop now . 
  you 're almost there . 
  it 's on the new site . 
  yes , i really do . 
   christendom , that is to say , christian europe , on the other hand , is the birthplace of not only the concepts of limited government , consent of the free people , but of lasting changes including the abolition of slavery , the formation of such governments , the enshrining of human freedoms in law , etc. 
  can any of those things be attributed to christianity itself ? 
  especially crediting it with the abolition of slavery seems pretty rich . 
  i 'd argue that most of those signs of `` progress '' are post-renaissance , which was basically a rebirth of interest in pagan culture and knowledge . 
  [ the number of lgbt people is increasing . 
  ] ( http://news.gallup.com/poll/201731/lgbt-identification-rises.aspx ) i hate that i ca n't find anything that distinguishes gay and trans , which to me are very different issues . 
   we 've been around forever , and people still seem to reproduce just fine . 
  not really . 
  having sex with guys ( or women if you 're a woman ) has been around forever . 
  gay as an identity that relieves you from the expectation of marriage and having children was not particularly common in ancient greece . 
  having sex with young men was totally acceptable , but you were expected to have sex with your wife , too . 
  the closest equivalent to gay would be grown men who still liked receiving sex , so bottoms , more or less . 
  `` gay '' is our society 's way of organizing and explaining these behaviors . 
  it 's by no means universal . 
  relevant user name . 
  also , i do n't know why there are n't any , but i think there should n't be any until we learn not to drive in the left lane . 
  part of the reason the german autobahn is as safe as it is is because germans are n't terrible drivers . 
  i lived in honduras for a while . 
  lots of those learners end up about like americans after high school spanish , too . 
  there 's a reason the number of speakers is lower . 
  people who like having gay sex have been around forever , but gayness as it expresses itself today is a pretty new thing . 
  it 's now an identity , a lifestyle , whatever you want to call it . 
  the number of people with identities that will lead to them not having children is on the rise , whether they were having gay sex before or not . 
  i do n't think gayness warrants a high spot on the list either . 
  i was mostly just being grouchy about how a some people see gayness as this experience that transcends cultures and time . 
  it 's not . 
  it does n't . 
  gay sex does , yes . 
  just the idea of putting people who like gay sex in a category opposed to straight is a pretty new thing . 
  one thing that does warrant a place on the list in my mind is that birth rates are declining in developed countries . 
  i 'm hoping this is just a quirk of our economic system at the moment and not something more sinister , but it could certainly become a problem if the rest of the world picks up the same habit . 
  any reason you chose an unsupported line in a piece written for the esl industry over ethnologue ? 
  anyway , [ this ] ( http://www.davidcrystal.com/?fileid=-4055 ) seems to be the source of crystal 's estimate .
