  it amazes me that such important services can go so wrong . 
  maybe i should n't be quite so hard on my local train line . 
  as a rural person , i think of suburbs as being full of liberals who shop at whole foods and are secretly uncomfortable around black people . 
  i did n't realize until this thread they 're known for being conservative . 
  that 's the thing i hate about these kinds of discussions . 
  just when it 's about to get interesting , the argumentation stops and gets replaced by the word racism . 
  `` why do black people perform poorly in school and commit more crimes ? '', 
  is a legitimate question ( commit more crimes assumes a lot , but you can address that in the answer ) with good answers that are n't racist . 
  how much does helping first-time home buyers a little drive up the cost of housing compared to unethical lending practices from the financial sector ? 
  let people have a little populism and solve the real problem at its source . 
  my county coroner was stealing medication from dead people for personal use . 
  they eventually caught him after a bunch of facebook drama . 
  yeah , the fact that they actually arrested one of the bastards themselves is about the most positive thing i can say about the local government . 
  they arrested the last coroner , too . 
  used to , we had to get the fbi to come in and clean things up . 
  wow , the government does even more to help the banks than i thought . 
  in general , no . 
  there 's no reason waiting a bit later than most people should be a problem at all . 
  in your case ? 
  yes , because judging from your posting history , even just being in the same room as you sounds like it would be uncomfortable . 
  you need to deal with your own issues before you try to rope someone else into your shit . 
  also , do n't pay for a prostitute . 
  it 's pathetic , it 's illegal , and the chances that you 're contributing to human trafficking and/or coercive sex ( i.e. 
  rape ) is very high . 
  houston 's not that much of a bubble in the south . 
  i reckon you 'd have similar experiences in most major cities . 
  i 'm glad you realized that things are n't always as simple as stereotypes , though . 
  we 're not all that bad once you get to know us . 
  i guess it depends on who you hang around , because i would have assumed somebody misspelled metaller , like the union . 
  definitely , i just wanted to make sure he knew this was n't something specific to houston . 
  there 's another lesson here , though , which is that conservatives may not be the evil baddies in their personal life some people imagine them to be . 
  even trump voters , despicable as i may find trump , are n't normally running around making a scene every time they see a gay person or muslim . 
  it 's like the time the daily show staged gay marriage proposals in alabama ( or mississippi , idr ) and everyone was actually really nice about it , because , you know , we 're decent people for the most part . 
  at that time they were still worried about defending the bourgeoisie ( america 's `` ruling class '' , as you put it ) against the aristocracy as well , not just against threats from below . 
   it 's really hard to be mean to or hate a person who is standing right in front of you , in the flesh . 
  that 's also partly a cultural thing . 
  southerners are generally nice to people , and with few exceptions they do n't stop being nice until someone is blatantly rude to them , regardless of race , sexual orientation , etc. 
   it 's super easy to hate someone you never meet or see . 
  i also think people conflate certain political views too strongly with hatred . 
  i do n't think most southerners who are racist or anti-gay are actually hateful about it . 
  does n't make it better , but do n't assume they hate gays just because they do n't think gays should be able to get married . 
  most german beer is served at whatever temperature the refrigerator is at , so probably around 4 \u00b0 c. 
  it depends on region , but most everyone i know drinks pils , cold . 
  the cool kids drink landbier , also cold . 
  please be snobbier , yankee . 
  it 's not our problem the restaurants are n't catered to your tastes . 
  it 's still a hell of a lot more diversity than you get anywhere outside of metropolises in europe . 
  i think that 's regional . 
  it certainly can be an insult in alabama , but it 's usually more an expression of pity . 
  in texas , the insult seemed more common . 
  less endearment and more cynical condescension . 
  i think this is mostly good advice , and i strongly , strongly agree with the recommendation to join something like a kickball league . 
  the part i have never seen in my personal life is the bit about living in an urban area . 
  i 've had two periods of my life where i did n't feel like i had a good social network : the two times i lived in a big city . 
  they 're lonely places where most people tend not to care much about some random stranger . 
  in small communities , you 're much more likely to have people talk to you and include you just because you 're there . 
  just accept invitations , show up , and you 'll have friends before you know it . 
  you can have good social networks in big cities , but especially if op is a little shy , they 'll have to work for it more than in a small town . 
  i came here to say sun drop , of course it 's another alabamian recommending it . 
  mello yello is another personal favorite that i do n't think counts as a big brand . 
  i live in germany and still prefer what you call `` toast '' bread . 
  i only buy brot/br \u00f6tchen for my german so . 
  i think most americans , like me , are used to our soft , slightly sweet bread and would n't want to eat german style bread every day . 
  the top of my mouth gets scratched if i eat it too much . 
  i actually had a ( german ) friend lose a tooth to it a couple of weeks ago . 
  also , bread is not something we normally enjoy and eat for its own merits . 
  it 's like a little plate to make eating something else easier and more filling , or to mop up barbecue sauce . 
  as long as it fills that role it 's okay for me . 
  mopping up barbecue sauce with br\u00f6tchen is quite difficult ; it 's not flexible enough . 
  it was fresh , but he 's old and something was probably wrong with the tooth anyways . 
  i 'm still using it out of context to support my point because i enjoy trolling germans about their bread they 're unreasonably proud of . 
  liking it is not the same as wanting to eat if every day . 
  we like it as a vacation food , but it does n't fulfill the requirements of what we usually look for in daily bread . 
  if you do want different bread in the states , you can usually get baguettes and other specialty breads at grocery stores . 
  it 's not german bread , but i doubt most americans can distinguish between different european styles of bread except by shape . 
  i ca n't and would n't know how to prove that germans are very proud of german bread , so i wo n't try . 
  i know i 'm not alone in having that impression , however . 
  it also sounds like you might have trouble distinguishing polite praise and genuine praise . 
  i mean , what kind of american would look someone straight in the face and tell them they do n't like one of their iconic national foods . 
  it 's kind of rude . 
  that 's not to say they did n't like german bread and were lying , but politeness does play a role in how we phrase it . 
  in my personal experience , some americans like it and some are n't too excited about it . 
  very few would tell germans if they did n't like it . 
  ( exception : people who are so ignorant they think it 's gone bad because it 's so hard . 
  that was my mom the first time she came . 
  hilarious but lots of fremdsch\u00e4men ) . 
  most do n't tell me off the bat , either , but i like to open it up to get their real opinions by saying `` i like it in small doses '' or something like that . 
  what we call bread they call toast , regardless of whether it 's already been in the toaster or not . 
   some germans, 
  hipsters . 
  so far the traditional beer regulations have kept them from getting the sustenance they need and have succeeded in keeping infestations fairly small outside of berlin . 
  any source on this ? 
  my gut tells me it 's just simple past . 
  what makes you analyze it as subjunctive ? 
  yeah , i know the form could be either indicative or subjunctive , but in this context it 's simple past indicative . 
  the more i think about it , the more i 'm sure . 
  there 's nothing to indicate it would be subjunctive at all . 
  none of the examples in your link resemble this sentence as far as i can tell . 
  why would you call a messenger bag a bodybag ? 
  why would you call a projector a beamer ?
