  you can easily just stop the actual rolling motion after you get the hang of the uvular placement . 
  snore . 
  pay attention to the flapping in the back of your throat . 
  keep snoring , and then try to make the same sound in the same place while breathing out . 
  then all you have to do is buzz your throat ( difference between / v / and / f / ) . 
  ever ? 
  yes . 
  but it might take a few weeks/months , depending on your level , how different the accent is , and how much you talk to the locals . 
  if i 'm around people who i normally speak different languages to ( say a german friend and a spanish friend ) , i will undoubtedly fuck it up and accidentally speak the wrong language at some point . 
  usually just a half-sentence false start , but it happens consistently in these situations where the common language is different from the language i normally speak to someone in . 
  if i 'm on the phone in one language and have to talk to people irl in another , that 's another big problem situation . 
  i have seen this happen to many other people as well . 
  what about this makes you cringe ? 
  do you think it 's not on `` accident '' ? 
  i do n't really feel like i have a different personality , but i do automatically follow german social norms when speaking german . 
  that 's kind of like having a different personality , i guess . 
  i do n't feel like there 's any difference at all when i speak spanish . 
  i know this may not be as compassionate as you want , but before we can talk about the details of your latin trouble , we have to talk about the bigger problem . 
  how much are you studying ? 
  probably not enough . 
  and even if you start studying three hours a day , going back through wheelock 's , it may take a long time to catch up . 
  i was behind starting my third semester of greek and it took me a couple of months before i was reading as comfortably as most of the students in my class . 
  i 'm sorry your teacher is dismissive , but i also understand their frustration . 
  you miss your appointments with the tutor . 
  you do n't do the assignments other people do . 
  the first thing you need to do is forget motivation . 
  you 're not motivated . 
  at this point you hate latin . 
  it 's very understandable . 
  you need discipline . 
  pick an amount you 're going to study per day and stick to it , come hell or high water . 
  then you can start worrying about how effective your study is . 
  i liked this video . 
  a lot of the language comparison videos just show people saying the same thing in different languages/dialects , but this one does a good job of showing how much work it is to communicate with someone using a related language . 
  i did n't break them up at all . 
  when i was listening to the audiobooks , i shadowed them . 
  when i felt like stopping , i stopped . 
  sometimes i wanted to listen , but i did n't want to disturb my partner by speaking out loud so i just listened . 
  i probably shadowed about half of the first 2 1/2 books . 
  i remembered i also shadowed return of the king and part of the two towers recently . 
  i started listening to the audiobooks during downtime , and about half-way through i realized i might as well be shadowing it , too . 
  i 'd say i mostly shadow for thirty minutes to an hour at a time . 
  sometimes longer , say during spring cleaning recently , but always with breaks . 
  are you peeking ? 
  the interval never gets larger if you peek . 
  wealthy romans always hired private tutors to teach their children greek . 
  the conquistadors sent sailors on language exchange programs , where they dropped off sailors and picked them up a few years later . 
  used to , people would put ink or dye on some kind of paper and put the papers together . 
  these so-called books were a lot like a webpage you could n't interact with , more like a pdf , really , and they could also hold things like stories , vocabulary lists , grammar explanations , and so on . 
  in the same way , people used to use small pieces of paper to create anki-like flashcards . 
  so basically they used teachers , language exchanges , grammar books , and flashcards , not unlike people today . 
  it 's just a lot easier now . 
  it 's similar to how it becomes more difficult to distinguish voiced and unvoiced consonants when you whisper in english . 
  pitch is just one of many things that distinguishes tones . 
  between the length of the syllable , possible voice changes ( breathy , creaky , etc. 
  ) , the volume , and context of what 's around it , it 's usually not hard to figure out . 
  you never actually voice consonants when you whisper , do you ? 
  can you still hear the difference ? 
  you do n't distinguished voice consonants in english , spanish , or zulu ? 
  i know english is sometimes analyzed as not having true voiced consonants , but other two do , do n't they ? 
  i never used a textbook to study german . 
  i 've been studying russian since the beginning of the year with no textbook and it 's going well . 
  textbooks are just convenient ways to help you get the content you need in a structured fashion . 
  if you 're independent enough to make your own schedule and have plenty of resources available , textbooks certainly are n't necessary . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.de/education-ancient-rome-routledge-editions-ebook/dp/b0084bq088/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1492204664&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=education+in+ancient+rome ) is the best overview on the subject i 'm familiar with , but it 's been a while since i was a classics student . 
  get him to try asking over on / r/tefl . 
  there are lots of people who teach kids there . 
  does the excitement have to be real ? 
  because chinese people act like you cured cancer right before their eyes when you can put together a comprehensible sentence . 
  mexicans were always the chillest about it to me . 
  they never made a big deal out of it like chinese people or awkwardly avoided the fact that i 'm a foreigner like germans sometimes do . 
  i have been met with nothing but confusion and slight mistrust from hungarians and poles . 
  after talking to them more , i think most of them actually thought it was neat , but the first response is confusion . 
  i 'd give the most excited prize to greeks . 
  i 've only spent a couple of months in greece , and my modern greek is horrendous . 
  it 's pimsleur with me awkwardly filling in gaps with ancient words , but outside of touristy areas people seem legitimately happy that i know some greek and always have something great to say about greek , and by extension me for learning greek . 
  you can always tell . 
  even computers can do a pretty decent job identifying separate words in longer texts . 
  i wanted to learn some sentinelese , but the locals were n't really that helpful . 
  the verb prefixes are probably the hardest part , followed by the aspectual verb pairs . 
  i have trouble keeping them straight . 
  nothing else stands out as particularly hard or easy . 
  i would normally use whichever . 
  maybe i 'm just misunderstanding what a top tax rate is , but [ this chart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates#countries ) paints a different picture . 
  the sound that 's represented in romaji as < g  sometimes becomes / \u014b / between vowels . 
  it 's the sound in the middle of the english word singer . 
  i like yucatecan spanish . 
  it 's nice and slow , they pronounce their consonants , and they have some fun mayan words thrown in . 
  realistically though , i just like it because i learned spanish there . 
  ruhrdeutsch is my favorite german dialect . 
  it just feels so much more alive than hochdeutsch , but i 'm sure if i lived in bavaria i 'd think bavarian were more vibrant , too . 
  i also just like the ruhrgebiet in general . 
  people are down to earth . 
  i generally like southern mandarin dialects more than beijing/dongbei sounding accents , but i do n't have one particular favorite . 
  i 've only been learning russian for a little while , but almost everything i listen to sounds the same . 
  i 've yet to hear anything that sounds like a dialect the way german or spanish has dialects . . 
  be careful that you do n't pronounce it as / n / . 
  it 's a different sound . 
  but yes , you should probably learn to pronounce it the way you hear it , with / \u014b / . 
  it shows up in more formal speech sometimes , too .
