  sometimes it 's important to note when languages were learned , though , because most of the people in this sub are adults interested in learning languages . 
  if you grew up being frequently exposed to four languages as a kid , it indicates a different level of discipline than if you had learned six foreign languages since you were twelve . 
  some cultures have more deep and mystical concepts than others , and the language reflects that . 
  like the english word scuba : it means `` continuing to breathe while water surrounds you . '', 
  beautiful . 
  / s , in case it 's necessary . 
  a language can reflect the people it 's spoken by in some ways , but it 's not all that strong . 
  i ca n't really say if you 're wrong or not without knowing what specific claims you 're making . 
  if china for some crazy reason woke up tomorrow and started speaking swahili , everyone there would still act and interact with the world just the same . 
  in that sense , language and culture are n't intertwined . 
  or to put it another way , language does n't affect culture in a large or meaningful way . 
  review and never let yourself peek . 
  get them wrong and look at the answer , and keep getting them wrong until you can remember them . 
  if you peek and write the answer , you 're not forcing your brain to actually remember anything . 
  i do n't remember saying anything remotely like that , but i 'll try to address it anyway . 
   lost culture, 
  what do you mean by culture ? 
  many indigenous peoples view their language as an important part of their identity , but their culture still exists without it . 
  the language change is a symptom of assimilation and outside influence , not a cause . 
  it 's important because of what it represents , because of its role in the identity of the community , not because it carries the culture itself . 
   oral traditions, 
  that 's a shame , but plenty of oral traditions have died without the languages themselves dying too . 
  balkan , irish , and greek epic poetry come to mind off-hand . 
  again , documentation is key . 
   history, 
  you can still read herodotus and thucydides just fine , despite ( probably ) not knowing ancient greek . 
  as long as it 's documented , the information written down in the language will still be available . 
  if the history has n't been written down , but only exists in people 's heads , they can just tell you about it in another language . 
  think of ainu , for example . 
  most interviews with ainu `` speakers '' are conducted in japanese . 
  they can tell you about their community 's history just as well . 
   a way of thinking, 
  no , people are perfectly capable of thinking the same way in different languages . 
  if they do n't , it 's due to cultural influence or other factors , not the language itself . 
   are those people just worried for nothing then ? 
  no , not at all . 
  it 's a real concern . 
  if a language dies before being well-documented , that 's data that could have been used in research . 
  to take an extreme ( and problematic ) example , pirah\u00e3 has called some important linguistic universals into question . 
  if pirah\u00e3 had died , it 's possible we would n't have been forced to reconsider whether recursiveness was a universal feature of human languages . 
  note that this is n't directly related to their culture . 
  it also makes it more difficult to reconstruct language families if they are n't well documented , and after a language dies , it 's a lot more difficult to document it . 
  you also ca n't discount the role that language can play in a group 's identity . 
  it 's a way to assert their difference from other ( usually dominant ) cultures in the area . 
  languages are worth preserving , even if the sole reason is that they 're important to their community . 
  it may or may not be significant . 
  we 'd have to look at other evidence to see if it 's significant . 
  german has a word for a song that gets stuck in your head : ohrwurm . 
  that does n't tell us much at all about german culture . 
  \u03b1\u1f30\u03b4\u03ad\u03bf\u03bc\u03b1\u03b9 and \u03b1\u1f30\u03b4\u03ce\u03c2 are ancient greek words that dictionaries will list as '' ( feel ) shame '' or `` respect '' , which does n't seem all that much more brief than english . 
  however , by looking at other evidence of ancient greek society , we know that this word had much bigger and more specific connotations about how the people involved fit into the social hierarchy , and what was expected of people assuming those roles . 
  if there 's a word for `` to lick someone 's feet upon greeting someone '' , it might say something about the way they greeted each other . 
  it 's certainly worth investigation . 
  or it might be as culturally significant as the dutch word swaffeln . 
   every repetition that you see the word will add some learning ,, 
  i agree completely , which is why i recommend not peeking . 
  you get a lot more repetition by getting the answers wrong than by peeking . 
   i do think that the brain likes whatever you perceive as rewarding , though . 
  certainly , but the person i was responding to realized what they were doing was n't rewarding . 
   making minor error after minor error would be rather demotivating for me . 
  that 's a problem i have with the duolingo system in general , really . 
  i find it more pleasant to learn without the computer dinging at me , good or bad . 
   i 'd think that pushing myself never to peek and making minor error after minor error would be rather demotivating for me . 
  finishing half the tree and realizing you do n't really know anything is demotivating as well . 
  what bothers you more is an individual thing , i guess . 
  i do n't think i actually disagree with anything you said . 
  it just comes down to the individual . 
  the stroke order is never really an issue for me , though i 'm sure i make small mistakes here and there . 
  i do n't worry about it too much because \u884c\u66f8 and \u6977\u66f8 do n't always use the same stroke orders anyway . 
  for writing more generally than just stroke order , i can normally remember the general shape , but my biggest problem is forgetting specifics . 
  is it a \u5200 or a \u529b at the bottom , things like that . 
  then again , i did n't learn to write until i knew a couple thousand characters and i still do n't do it often , so it 's definitely a different situation than you . 
   as such i probably need a native speaker to adequately translate the subtlety and nuance in it . 
  i assume you mean native english speaker ? 
   never quite explain exactly how foreign companies are disadvantaged . 
  sure they do . 
  china, 
   force ( d ) the transfer of proprietary technologies from foreign companies to their joint ventures with china 's state-owned enterprises, 
  here 's a quote from [ another article ] ( http://www.businessinsider.de/why-uber-failed-in-china-2016-8 ) . 
   the survey found that respondents were worried about the chinese government restricting key data-gathering efforts for foreign companies , a lack of information about the rules of engagement or regulatory procedures in the event of disputes , and an overly broad definition of national security that applied to activities american businesspeople never dreamed of . 
   numerous service industries in china face an uneven playing field due to government support for state-owned enterprises and designated oligopolies within their sectors . 
  such government preferences , and the benefits the state-owned enterprises receive , restrict both foreign and domestic companies ' ability to operate in the market , '' it said . 
  you can support china 's policies toward foreign businesses or not . 
  it 's very good for china at the moment , because most of the world has n't caught on . 
  china gets foreign investment money and technology , and loses nothing . 
  but saying no one explains it is disingenuous . 
  you can google `` foreign company trouble in china '' and find tons of articles detailing how they 're disadvantaged . 
   \u8fd9 writes \u6587 first, 
  that 's the case with most all characters with \u8fb6 , is n't it ? 
  no , they should n't . 
  and i do n't see how uber was spreading propaganda . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  i just had a problem with saying no one talks about how they 're disadvantaged . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  i agree . 
  the tension now is coming from two places : 1 . 
  they say they will be open to foreign companies , but then are n't . 
  like i said , the protectionism is okay with me , but it 's not consistent with the trade agreements they sign . 
  china is increasingly seen as a major world economic power , and many forget or look over the fact that it 's still a developing economy . 
  as china continues to develop , the neoliberal powers that be will be less and less accepting of their protectionist policies , whether that 's warranted or not .
