  it 's easy to activate passive knowledge , but it 's not easy to learn to listen . 
  you might as well start practicing from the beginning . 
  the companies make less money hiring the unnecessary people . 
  most conservatives and socialists , traditionally pro-gun groups , do n't like trump . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  more at 11 . 
  what an ignorant , privileged thing to say . 
  `` i do n't experience these problems personally , so other people who do are paranoid . '', 
  what an ass . 
  do you think you usually make more money by charging slightly more for a slightly better product or cutting spending on your workforce by half ? 
  support for trump is generally right wing , but the vast majority of socialist groups are also pro-gun . 
  trump 's base is mostly a subset of conservatives , but there are a lot that do n't like him as well . 
  the quality difference from not overhiring would be minimal , i think . 
  the bigger issue is that social expectations , norms , and values have n't fallen entirely to the profit motive like they have in west . 
  japanese culture has evolved with capitalism in order to maintain harmony . 
  japan has been described as capitalism 's `` perfect victim '' , which i think is a drastic oversimplification , but the way japan 's economy and society is structured is fascinating when you compare it to western capitalist nations . 
  it 's hardly even the same system in practice . 
  i was actually pleased by how little libertarians seemed to play a role in this election cycle . 
  they were significantly less visible than 2012 with all the ron paul stuff . 
  yeah , it 's not like angela merkel was a member of the east german communist youth ( freie deutsche jugend ) and had a leadership role doing communist agitation and propaganda . 
  [ here 's socialist action on gun control . 
  ] ( https://socialistaction.org/2013/02/20/oppressed-communities-self-defense/ ), 
  [ here 's someone from the party for socialism and liberation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih_vx8fek7s ) . 
  this one has a particularly good overview of the history of gun control and how it relates to the socialst view . 
  i was involved in socialist organizing for years and never met anyone who had anything positive to say about the socialist party usa . 
  they 're a bunch of liberals . 
  but in the interest of being fair , they call themselves socialists and [ support federal buyouts of firearms . 
  ] ( http://socialistparty-usa.net/platform.html ) horrible . 
  [ black riders ' liberation party is pro-gun . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_riders_liberation_party ), 
  [ guess what redneck revolt 's position is . 
  [ here 's the freedom socialist party , who does not support gun control . 
  ] ( http://www.socialism.com/drupal-6.8/articles/socialist-take-gun-violence-state-violence-and-workers-right-self-defense ), 
  cpusa is anti-gun , but they also tell members to vote democrat . 
  i do n't really want to go all no true scotsman , but at a certain point you just have nothing in common with other socialist movements . 
  by my count , that 's 5/7 that are pro-gun , and i did n't even include a lot of black nationalist groups that do n't explicitly call themselves socialists , even though they historically tend to co\u00f6perate with socialists and support socialist causes . 
  by the way , i do n't really identify with any of these parties anymore . 
  in fact , i 'm kind of done with modern leftism in general , but it still irks me that so many people have false ideas about what they believe and support . 
  the disconnect between what socialists say and do was a big issue to me as well ; but to be fair , most modern , western socialist parties do n't have much in common with cold war socialism except in name . 
  imagine if stalin wrote like so :, 
  especially jews , muslims , migrants , refugees , folks of color , native people , queer and trans folks , the elderly , or others who who have temporarily fallen under the yoke of the german brigands , and our valiant men , women , intersex , and trans guerrillas who are destroying the rear of the german invaders !, 
  ( original english : comrades , men of the red army and red navy , commanders and political instructors , working men and working women , collective farmers-men and women , workers in the intellectual professions , brothers and sisters in the rear of our enemy who have temporarily fallen under the yoke of the german brigands , and our valiant men and women guerillas who are destroying the rear of the german invaders ! ), 
  i pulled all the identity politics bullshit from a pamphlet from redneck revolt , which is sadly one of the more reasonable socialist groups out there in the us right now . 
  i agree completely . 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  all of the words you listed have / \u00e6 / in them in general american ( if we believe the dictionary ) except airport . 
  they 're mildly annoying , but they 're cute . 
  they manage to get into the trash or dog food sometimes if you 're not careful , but i generally just look at them out the window and secure everything the next day . 
  they can carry rabies , but most people severely overestimate how dangerous that is for adult humans these days . 
  just use common sense . 
  this is hard , because i dislike the mainstream american right and left . 
  i 'm too far right on social issues to be a communist/anarchist , too far left to be a third positionist/fascist , but i 'm about as far from the american center as possible because of my economic views , which are very `` left '' . 
  in practice i 'll support whoever is doing the best job of opposing liberalism at the time . 
  depends on how you 're defining it . 
  am i that much more socially conservative than lenin ? 
  not really . 
  maybe a bit . 
  stalin ? 
  theoretically , i do n't think communism implies that much about social issues . 
  in practice it brings certain assumptions with it , though . 
  the strasserites were socialists economically , but that does n't make them left-wing . 
  but every single socialist party in the united states ( and many western european countries ) goes out of its way to focus on what to me are minor social issues that i only kind of agree with and organize primarily around these social issues that do n't affect most americans . 
  of course i want equal rights for women , but i do n't give a shit about your third-grade-reading-level understanding of intersectionality . 
  i do n't want to have to keep my mouth shut about trans issues ( everyone 's favorite topic these days ) because i 'll get asked to leave if i let slip that i think transwomen were raised as men and are physically distinct from women . 
  i 'm also not averse to political incorrectness ( not rudeness , mind you -- that 's different ) , which i think is a blight on our society . 
  actually my social views tend to be very libertarian , which is not what any modern socialists in the us are pushing for . 
  i want rights for all , not handouts , exceptions , protections , and other government interference . 
  i think communities are perfectly capable of negotiating their own social order and norms without government interference . 
  protect the most basic rights , life and liberty , and let people work the rest out for themselves . 
  if you 're not oppressed by economic circumstances and you 're not oppressed by your government , it 'll be a lot easier to work through and around the other problems . 
  not even english is consistent . 
  some dialects use yon in addition to this and that . 
  bring up an image of a keyboard , bring up some text you want to practice typing , and go for it . 
  chinese has a practically endless supply of period dramas to watch , and some of them are pretty good . 
  the kung fu movies are the best out there , as well . 
  it 's easier to find high quality streams of soccer matches in spanish . 
  german has far better journalists and news magazines . 
  i can hardly deal with the news from english sources any more . 
  this is very specific , but a lot of scholarship on the classics has been written in german , much of it untranslated , and english is n't enough to be able to write well-researched articles . 
  russians put everything online . 
  their torrent download selection is second to none . 
  i 'm also quite fond of russian literature . 
  and of course , anything specific to the location is generally going to be better in the local language . 
  local sports leagues , local news , local anything . 
  turkish , hungarian , esperanto , swahili , and vietnamese all have no grammatical gender . 
  what value does what bring to society ? 
  i do n't think it brings much value to the society at all . 
  the way corporations operate in most of the world is n't oriented towards bringing value to society . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.acesoplisting.in/ ) is normally good , or [ here ] ( http://arenavision.in/schedule ) if that 's down . 
  not all of them are spanish , but i end up watching in spanish more often than not without seeking it out . 
  i rarely have to search further than rutracker , and if i do , a quick google/duckduckgo almost always does the trick . 
  if only english had a word for fremdsch\u00e4men ... 
  if only there were a whole reddit community devoted to that concept ... 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  maybe the natives do n't realize it , but as a foreigner , `` woher kannst du so gut deutsch ? '', 
  is one of those sentences you hear all the time when you say you 're american ( or whatever ) . 
  op 's sentence does n't seem wrong to me , but i also ca n't recall ever being asked that way . 
  ausziehtisch is what they 're called in the ikea catalog . 
  it could be tricky if you want a drop-leaf table , though , because in german , both collapsible tables and drop-leaf tables are called klapptische . 
  access,
