  i 've spent a few weeks in portugal , and if i speak portuguesy spanish and they make an effort to speak slowly , we can get by fine . 
  it 's not comfortable , and you have to repeat things and ask for clarification sometimes , but you can definitely communicate if needed . 
  english, 
  spanish, 
  russian, 
  indonesian, 
  mandarin , spanish , and english are the top three , no doubt . 
  spanish provides the added benefit of some intelligibility with portuguese and italian as well . 
  for four and five , it 'd be a toss-up between hindi , russian , arabic , and malay/indonesian . 
  hindi has a lot more speakers , but also a lot more overlap with english . 
  arabs have enough trouble communicating with each other that i 'm not sure one form of arabic will grant access to that many people . 
  russian has about 290 million speakers , the vast majority speaking no other global language . 
  same thing for indonesian , but with 250 million . 
  i picked russian and indonesian , but i could see it going towards hindi or arabic as well . 
  i did n't pick portuguese because spanish would allow you to communicate with portuguese-speakers in a pinch , and i did n't pick french because there are n't that many speakers ( 220 million ) and there 's a decent bit of overlap with english . 
  it 's true that indonesia is n't famous for having large expatriate communities in other countries or sending tourists out , but i would n't call it culturally isolated . 
  i get what you 're saying , though . 
  and yes , that is definitely something to take into consideration if you understood the question as `` which 5 languages should a person learn to be able to communicate with the largest number of people while traveling around ? 
  '' , `` with european international students ? '', 
  or `` in my daily life ? '', 
  or whatever . 
  i was answering for the largest number of people in the world regardless of how likely i personally am to meet them , which of course is n't particularly useful except as something to talk about . 
  from * the oxford companion to the english language * , p. 653 :, 
   metaphor ... ( 1 ) all figures of speech that achieve their effect through association , comparison , and resemblance . 
  figures like antithesis , hyperbole , metonymy , simile are all species of metaphor . 
  simile is a type of metaphor . 
  huh , i bought one from a guy who normally makes cabinets and never thought twice about whether or not it was legal . 
  it was a great casket , too , and much cheaper than those contraptions at funeral homes . 
  the government controls us all our lives ; might as well let them tell us what kind of casket we 'll be in going into the next and where to get it , too . 
  your sentence does n't sound grammatical , to me . 
  `` teni sur al '' sounds like a word for word english translation . 
  esperanto does n't use prepositions as parts of phrasal verbs like that . 
  if anything it would be surtenu , but i 'd still prefer tenu . 
  `` those who '' in esperanto is expressed like eatoasts said . 
  the way you phrased it does n't really work . 
  you 're not having trouble with tefl , you 're having china trouble . 
  though as i understand it , it 's similar in many asian countries . 
  teaching in latin america or europe is a completely different experience . 
  they actually expect you to be decent teacher , so there 's more pressure that way , but the stuff you 're complaining about exists on a tiny level compared to china . 
  esperanto is designed to be easy , and it 's the clear `` easiest '' of the group . 
  aside from esperanto ; swedish , norwegian , dutch , spanish , portuguese , italian , and french are all roughly the same difficulty . 
  the germanic languages are more closely related to english , but english shares more vocab with the romance languages . 
  german is slightly harder , but still relatively easy for an english speaker . 
  everything else will be substantially harder . 
  honorable mention to turkish , though , because it 's extremely regular compared to other languages , and that means fewer exceptions . 
  significantly harder , but not as hard as turkish or vietnamese . 
  thank god i 'm not the only one who thinks this way . 
  lots of people get this idea that native speakers are obliged to help them and be their practice partners . 
  i did n't know where it was coming from , but i think you 're right ; it 's the benny-esque blogs that have popped up all over the place . 
  it 's one thing to talk to me in my language because you can and have something to say , and i 'm happy to oblige as long as you 're fairly easy to understand ( c1 is way too high , btw , plenty of people live and work at a b2 level and it 's not that big of a burden ) . 
  if you just want to use me to be your practice partner , you need to bring something else to the table . 
  if we share another language , i 'm not going to listen to you ramble on in hard to understand english unless you 're trying to tell me that you 're about to give me some money . 
  you want to exchange a few sentences to impress your date or your coworkers ? 
  sure . 
  a few sentences here and there for shits and giggles ? 
  something you do n't want the kids to understand ? 
  of course . 
  i actually appreciate people learning my language , but if you expect me to help you practice for free , or think you can be my friend just to practice the language , you can fuck right off . 
  i had a neighbor who was about to go to the states and wanted to practice english before he left . 
  know what he did ? 
  he offered to take me out and pay for beers if i 'd practice with him . 
  i think that 's perfectly reasonable . 
  it at least shows that he respects that i 'm going out of my way to help . 
  i 'd honestly have done it either way , because we know each other , he 's a nice neighbor and i 'm sure he 'd have helped me out with something similar . 
  he did help me out with my washing machine later , so i baked him some stuff , because that 's how relationships are . 
  you show that you respect and appreciate other people 's help . 
  but you ca n't just go around expecting people you do n't know to give you help that runs upwards of $ 15 an hour for free . 
  entitled shits . 
  in real life , i almost never run into this , because most people are thoughtful and reasonable . 
  except china . 
  this happened a lot in china , but china 's special . 
  and the solution for language learners is simple : give people a reason to talk to you and put up with your shit language skills . 
  maybe you pay them , maybe you 're trying to buy something from them , maybe you look like david beckham , maybe you teach them something in return , maybe you 're a super interesting and funny person . 
  and even if you do have something else to offer , people are n't obligated to accept that any more than random people on the street are obligated to be my friend . 
  it 's nice when people offer to help , but do n't expect it . 
  that got a bit long , but it seems like such a common view on the internet , and so many people in the comments are disagreeing with or misunderstanding you that i ca n't help but get a bit pissed off about it . 
  here 's where i 'm getting my impression of you . 
   to elaborate a little , it was a russian student who was studying english for one semester ( in a city where english is actually a minority language ) . 
  as a native speaker , i offered to do exchanges with him . 
  he said no on the grounds that he is here to learn english and does n't want to speak russian . 
  he would still contact me , but would get annoyed if i began speaking in russian at all , and try to tell me it 's not worth learning it since i already speak english . 
   i do n't think this makes me entitled . 
  why does he gain by doing a language exchange with you ? 
  he can practice english all day every day , because he 's in a place where there are plenty of english speakers . 
  i know i 've never personally done a language exchange while in an immersive environment , because i find it unnecessary . 
  there are people to talk to everywhere . 
  you are expecting him to do this exchange because it benefits you , despite the fact that it * only * benefits you and not him . 
  expecting someone to help you for no benefit at all makes you seem entitled . 
  i ran across some germans in hohhot one time . 
  they were complaining about the bread , then later about chinese banks and travel insurance . 
  i often eavesdrop on german tourists at continental breakfasts while traveling in europe . 
  they 're usually complaining about the bread . 
  i love watching brits struggle to order food in germany . 
  loudest group of people i 've ever seen . 
  i never add to these conversations because i find it hilarious how the less the person they 're talking to in their thick regional accent understands , the louder they yell . 
  extra points if they 're visiting soccer fans . 
  of course china is prime eavesdropping land : foreigners smell funny . 
  foreigner !, 
  look how tall he is . 
  foreigner !,
