  i do n't put on shoes unless i feel like it 'd be socially unacceptable not to , and even then my laziness takes precedence pretty often . 
  a woman without a shirt is definitely not a normal thing to see out and about , unless i 'm misunderstanding what you mean somehow . 
  i think that songs a pretty interesting representation because it 's specifically about not having to wear a shirt and shoes on vacation . 
  the fact that we have to wear them feels a bit stifling , but we still feel like we do in certain situations . 
  i 'm related to most of the mountain where i 'm from , and there 's definitely a stigma about marrying kin . 
  since so few people move and we 've been there so long , i know my kin out to fifth cousins or so , and they 'd all be off the table as far as marrying goes . 
  it may be legal to marry your third cousin , but people are going to talk if you do . 
  if you do n't keep up with them and do n't recognize them as kin ( i.e. 
  do n't come to the same family reunions ) , i doubt anyone would be appalled by realizing they 're distant cousins , though . 
  this is hilarious . 
  is dipping a redneck thing ? 
  i 'm really hating the fact that i ca n't get dip where i live now after [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr9qg-ctpha ) . 
  i 'm so easily influenced by product placement . 
  half the russians i know are from kazakhstan . 
  i always just took it as an ethnic identification rather than a nationality . 
  are you talking about having trouble figuring out who 's saying what in a dialogue ? 
  i 'm having trouble understanding your question . 
  somewhere in between was correct  it 's all true , but i feel like it 's ridiculous sometimes so i present it that way . 
  i think my view on beer is a bit off because my family and church community are tee-totalers . 
  not to say there are n't alcoholics everywhere , but it 's something you keep quiet and/or ignore . 
  thanks for calling me out on that . 
  i agree about the media . 
  i do n't really agree with the thing about hank hill , but again it 's probably just personal experience . 
  my family has been in appalachia since the 1600s . 
  we 've been on the land we 're on now ( i 'm temporarily displaced ) since the early 1800s . 
  even by local standards , my extended family and our social circle is kind of crazy . 
  hank hill would fall into the category of `` average southern white person '' to me more so than redneck , probably because i conflate redneck and hillbilly too much . 
  it 's one of those things that rubs me the wrong way because i hate the `` it 's not so bad it 's not that redneck '' narrative that pops up among southerners every once in a while . 
  my family and most of the people i 've known my whole life are honest-to-god hillbillies and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  even when people are n't saying it outright , the discussion often gets a little defensive when stereotypes come up . 
  i 'm not accusing you of doing this at all , it 's just something that comes up often enough that i feel the need to combat it pre\u00ebmptively . 
  in my case , a lot more of the stereotypes are true than average , but they 're still just stereotypes and they 're a product of ignorance and prejudice . 
  i go out of my way to embrace it , because i think it 's the best way for me personally to challenge these stereotypes in real life . 
  i 'm educated , well-traveled , multilingual , etc. 
  and i still get on quite well with people who the world outside the south would only see as stereotypes . 
  drive-by truckers are great ( and yes , we did talk about them ) , but i kind of prefer playing up the caricature as a way of challenging it as opposed to the truckers ' somewhat serious treatment ( see how [ jack parow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2udjhqvsc8 ) plays with stereotypes of afrikaner culture as an example of what i mean ) . 
  again , this suits my experience of and attitude towards where i 'm from . 
  i do n't expect everyone to feel the same way . 
  that got a little rambly , but it 's an interesting topic to me so why the hell not . 
  for your case , pimsleur might be a good choice . 
  it 's basically a phrasebook turned language course that focuses on the things you need to survive . 
  i greatly respect california 's hard-earned reputation , but i was trying to go for a relatively affluent , liberal state without many non-whites . 
  i 'm open to other suggestions . 
  no really , i pulled colorado out of the half-baked stereotype bag . 
  i have no idea . 
  there are plenty of natives here , but it does n't take a native to show that your rule does n't work as stated . 
  look at this [ table ] ( https://de.wiktionary.org/wiki/flexion:gut ) . 
  the definite article does n't actually indicate gender by itself , except in the case of das . 
  ~ ~ even the picture of the assimil book disagrees with you . 
  they both have to agree , it 's not a case of one part of the noun phrase marking the gender and the other not . ~ ~, 
  edit : i read it all the way through . 
  it 's just using that as mnemonic for the nominative . 
  you 'll have a bad time if you keep using that as a rule . 
  for anyone who finds this a little long and convoluted , you could also just memorize [ this table ] ( https://de.wiktionary.org/wiki/flexion:gut ) . 
  it 's only 36 pieces of information . 
  4 cases * 3 genders * 3 declension patterns . 
  yes , those cards are perfectly fine . 
  i have a lot of cards that are audio -  tl to practice listening comprehension and they help a lot . 
  like you said , if i do n't understand something even after seeing it then i just look it up . 
  people with backwoods accents are not necessarily more likely to have trouble with foreign accents . 
  being bidialectical , even passively , generally helps adapting to understanding new accents . 
  but mostly , the more contact people have with foreigners , the less trouble they 'll have understanding . 
  that 's not dependent on having or not having a backwoods accent . 
   face ( i.e. 
  if something looks good superficially , it is accepted as `` good '' by everyone in public , even if people know it 's flawed/plagiarised ), 
  it looks good to have americans teaching them english , even if everyone knows it 's worthless . 
   i 've never heard f-16 referred to as lawn darts, 
  i 've heard this from relatives in the af . 
  it 's a thing . 
  yeah , driving 5-10 under is pretty common where i lived in both alabama and mississippi , even slower on tricky roads . 
  i share this habit . 
  i do n't really have an answer to why . 
  why not ? 
  why would i want to drive faster ? 
  edit : also , i do n't know where you 're comparing it too that 's so fast . 
  i live in germany now . 
  i am a fairly slow driver , even by american standards , but i still drive faster than dutch people . 
  assuming there 's a shoulder , which there 's not on a lot of roads . 
  i see one offended person in this thread , and it 's not the americans answering your question . 
  there were control issues in the a models , but those were mostly fixed later . 
  either way , i neither know enough nor am interested enough to debate the merits of the craft itself . 
  i am just trying to confirm that the nickname `` lawn dart '' is a thing . 
  i was told by an f-15 pilot that they made fun of the f-16 pilots by telling them they flew lawn darts . 
  when i google f-16 lawn dart , i get tons of results of people calling them lawn darts , media talking about the nickname lawn dart , and so on . 
   i 've never heard f-16 referred to as lawn darts, 
  if you 're familiar with single engine planes being called lawn darts , then why did you say this ? 
  i do n't think it implies that , and i do n't think a more general nickname excludes a more specific one , either . 
  did you try googling it and reading all the people and media outlets referring to it as a lawn dart ? 
  it was definitely a nickname for the f16 in particular . 
  compare your results to similar searches of other single engine planes . 
  i was well into my teens when i learned that i should n't use double modals in standard english . 
  i also had a tough time with the word lend . 
  i just use borrow for both directions and have to focus to get it right . 
  awesome , that 's exactly what i was looking for . 
  thanks !, 
   when you have a nebensatz in which the verb phrase is haben + 2 infinitives ( i.e. 
  the past participle of a modal verb phrase ) . 
  very clearly put , thanks !, 
  a foreign company losing is not typical for china ? 
  of course that statement is lacking a lot of nuance , but it could be a lot wronger considering it 's coming from a ten-minute youtube video .
