  a friend 's aunt got shot in a dea raid while i was there . 
  not to mention internal violence and the fact that the area operates as a pit stop for drugs coming up from south america . 
  oh , and did i mention honduras has the highest murder rate in the world by a long shot ? 
  so if you get serious and go there to learn , do n't say i did n't warn you . 
  i got it , because i used the mandarin course and it helped a lot . 
  my only complaint about the cantonese course is that the voice recordings could be higher quality , but it 's not a big problem . 
  no , i do n't think it 's suitable for beginners . 
  maybe with a background in another chinese language you could jump in , but i 'd at least do pimsleur or assimil or another course for beginners first . 
  glossika is , in my opinion , the best set of courses for intermediate learners , but if you do n't have any background you might be in over your head . 
  yeah , you missed writing in gibberish to prove that descriptivism is flawed . 
  i find my chinese friends usually do n't bother correcting me unless it 's a mistake they hear me making over and over and it starts to bother them . 
  i think that 's a good balance , because constantly correcting/being corrected makes communication a pain . 
  i would n't have phrased it so strongly , but i more or less agree with the linked post . 
  i do n't see what 's so badlingy about it . 
  it was only off by one vowel sound . 
  communists tend to support smaller ethnic groups breaking away from larger , often imperialist powers . 
  for example , most of us support an independent catalonia , independent quebec , independent scotland , etc. 
  so in that way , ethnic separatism is not incompatible with leftist ideology . 
  however , supporting peoples ' right to separate from imperialist powers is not the same as trying to keep cultures separate . 
  do you have a problem with hip hop spreading from black culture into mainstream american culture ? 
  can you give some examples of folk culture spreading that you have a problem with ? 
  we are against imperialism , which is often a vessel of cultural change , but outside of the context of imperialism , i do n't think many communists care too much if cultures naturally spread and change . 
  that 's been happening since the dawn of time . 
  it 's just a matter of taste . 
  i 'd rather watch the worst chinese movie i 've seen this year ( \u8d64\u9053 ) than all but the best independent european cinema . 
  it 's fine if you do n't like it , but thinking it 's somehow inferior will just make you bitter . 
  plus , if you really need a break from chinese movies , watch some dubs . 
  i downloaded dubbed versions of all 6 star wars movies yesterday because why the hell not . 
  either way , remember it 's you whose taste does n't agree with chinese taste . 
  that 's not good or bad , just go with it and do n't be down . 
  not every chinese person likes chinese movies either , they still speak chinese every day . 
   everywhere i turn i 'm hitting a brick wall of inadequacy . 
  on a similar note , if everywhere you turn is x , there 's a decent chance it says more about you than about everything else . 
  you do n't have to think everything is great , but if you think everything sucks , remind yourself it 's probably just your mood . 
  literature : read internet novels and scanlated manga . 
  there 's some good stuff out there . 
  if you 're into sci-fi , read \u4e09\u4f53 . 
  it 's better than most sci-fi you 'll find in an american bookstore . 
  i feel your pain about the friends , especially the male friends , but just follow / u/vermille _ lion 's advice . 
   just get out of the house as much as you can . 
  go hiking . 
  randomly get off at a station you 've never seen before . 
  hear about an event ? 
  go to it , even if it 's not really your scene . 
  i do this preemptively to stave off culture shock when i go somewhere new and homesickness after i 'm there for a while . 
  it really helps with just being annoyed by being somewhere different . 
  plus , the more people you meet , the more likely you are to find people you click with . 
  change your hangouts around . 
  go out with different groups of people . 
  just do anything to get out of your routine , it can snap you out of your mood . 
   people will become disinterested and disengage rather quickly if you speak too slowly . 
  i 've met almost no one who will stop talking to you or start acting like you ca n't speak their language because you make mistakes . 
  hesitating , on the other hand , seems to be a pretty reliable way to make people not pay attention to you or assume you ca n't speak the language . 
  so yeah , i 'm with you 100 % on this . 
  i would n't recommend sacrificing speed for accuracy unless you 're in a classroom setting , talking to yourself at home , etc. 
  in a real life conversation , go for fluency every time . 
  edit : also , when you do inevitably hesitate , slow down , etc. , use native-like fillers and mannerisms . 
  this makes a huge difference in how comfortable natives are with you , but so many language learners seem to neglect it . 
  a lot of times chords sounding out of tune can be due to improper finger pressure and placement , but if it started after you dropped it , there are two big possibilities . 
  one - your neck is bent . 
  you can probably tell by looking straight down it . 
  this is usually the result of storing the banjo improperly , but i guess it falling could have a similar effect . 
  my hunch is this is not your problem . 
  two ( and the thing you should check first ) - your bridge shifted . 
  remeasure and make sure it 's in the right place . 
  if the distance of the strings is wrong , fretting them will sound very out of tune . 
  i 'm sure there are other possible problems , but that 's what comes to mind first . 
  it goes along with the liberal narrative , yes . 
  of course , it 's possible to china-hate from almost any angle , but many posters here seem to have a very euro-us-centric set of pro-liberal democracy values through which they hate china . 
  i love grammar and tend to spend more time in grammar books than i should . 
  that being said , from my experience teaching others , yes , you can ignore grammar . 
  for a language learner , grammar is ultimately patterns . 
  if you listen and read a lot of your target language , and train yourself to pay attention to *** when *** people put words in a different order , or put an extra sound on the end of the word , etc. , you can get the hang of it without explicitly studying . 
  learn how to copy a sentence you heard , and replace parts of it with different words . 
  it 's grammatically correct , but you never had to study the grammar . 
  eventually you 'll have enough sentences or `` chunks '' of language and know when to use them and how to string them together . 
  i find that even if i study grammar , this is the way i learn to sound natural in the tl anyways . 
  edit : the only part of the article you linked i strongly agree with is # 2 . 
  use grammar books as a reference tool when you ca n't figure out when to say something a certain way . 
   i looked this up because it confused me and would n't have known the answer otherwise . 
  there 's a very good chance i wo n't remember this rule , but at least i am now aware of it . 
   so the next time haber and/or tener comes up in a lesson i will remember that there is something about those words , and i will be more likely to go look at the rule in a grammar book and understand the explanations . 
  the thing with grammar is , that if i have nothing to relate the explanations to , i wo n't understand them but if i see certain things several times eventually something will click . 
   take away : combine input activities with learning the grammar . 
  \u505a\u6211\u5973\u670b\u53cb \u3002 then you continue to say \u7b54\u5e94\u6211\u5427 until she responds . 
  source : \u5de6\u8033 ( a recent romance movie ), 
  mainland speakers often use simplified characters to write cantonese . 
   this is n't so common in english , but in languages like german -- where for instance `` whale '' is often `` walfisch '' ( whale-fish ) and reinforces many people 's belief that whales are fish, 
  when i was fresh off the boat in germany , i had way too many arguments with germans trying to convince them that raccoons ( waschb\u00e4ren , washbears ) are not bears . 
  even the super popular was ist das ? 
  series of childrens ' books includes raccoons as bears , but goes out of their way to make it clear that red pandas are not bears . 
  the context and purpose of the phrase can affect the translation . 
  i started off with assimil and think it 's a great course , but it leaves plenty of holes to be filled . 
  i did tome 1 of assimil , then pavc 1 & 2 , then tome 2 of assimil , then pavc 3 & 4 , and i feel like that gave me a great base to start using native materials . 
  i know you asked about a different book , but check out pavc , especially if you 're going to taiwan . 
  it 's available online if you want to sample it first ( or pirate it , if that 's your thing ) . 
  i ca n't find my copy of assimil at the moment , but if i do , i 'll put up the 50th lesson tomorrow ( the first lesson of volume 2 ) . 
  maybe that can help you decide if you can skip volume 1 or not . 
  chinese . 
  as far as tv goes , i ca n't add much to what natchlang said , it 's a perfect description .
