  that mice , at least in the experiment , are, 
  more inclined to get diabetes , the opposite, 
  of what we actually want . 
  that 's bad . 
  here we have some antibiotics, 
  and we all know that antibiotics ,, 
  as a matter of fact , strongly impair, 
  our intestinal flora . 
  but when you do have to take antibiotics ,, 
  what can you do afterwards to get the intestinal, 
  lora on the right track . 
  yeah , the antibiotics , they, 
  they also kill our good buddies, 
  in the intestines . 
  that means we have to give the survivors, 
  enough food , and that is, 
  the fiber here , that you also see here , especially, 
  so we can, 
  change the millieu in the intestine, 
  with lactic acid , like in brottrunk ( fermented grain beverage ), 
  or sauerkraut , uh ... buttermilk , kefir, 
  makes the millieu for these intestinal, 
  bacteria better . 
  the survivors can, 
  proliferate and get back to their, 
  old strength . 
  you should always do that when undergoing, 
  antibiotic treatment . 
  you can also take probiotics ,, 
  dried bacteria that temporarily change the, 
  millieu , that acidify it , so that the saprogenic agents, 
  get cut down to size . 
  you do n't get them from the market ,, 
  but rather from the pharmacist . 
  - exactly . 
  a question from gelinde klier :, 
  she 's been having intestinal problems, 
  for ten years , presumably due to, 
  lactose and fructose intolerance . 
  could a stool transplant help ? 
  stool transplants are still in, 
  the experimental phase . 
  they 're not, 
  commonly done ,, 
  but we know that it helps, 
  with many illnesses like intestinal infections, 
  also with autoimmune disorders, 
  however with ibs , you have to get the, 
  diagnosis right . 
  there are ten other possible, 
  causes we have to exclude first . 
  what meaning does - if we, 
  think about the film , they did, 
  a lot of experiments with mice -, 
  this basic research have for us humans ? 
  i see a big future there . 
  we 've just now opened the, 
  door to a, 
  huge field , and we will probably, 
  be able to treat diseases, 
  like diabetes , parkinsons , and other, 
  neurological diseases, 
  but also autoimmune disoroders, 
  of the intestine , severe diarrh\u0153a . 
  we already know from experiments ,, 
  if you transplant a stool, 
  into a man with ulcerative colitis, 
  from his wife , then his flares of inflammation, 
  get considerably better . 
  you get , so to speak , good germs, 
  transferred over ,, 
  and they can then fight against the, 
  bad germs in the intestine . 
  we will of course also, 
  report on these new therapies, 
  thank you , dr. riedl . 
  my pleasure . 
  [ this is the medicare expansion plan i 'm familiar with . 
  ] ( https://berniesanders.com/issues/medicare-for-all/ ), 
  i do n't really see what point you 're making about medicaid . 
  if medicaid is paying insurance companies , you 're right that it 's not single-payer . 
  if medicaid is n't enough and people have to get more , it 's not much of any kind of universal system . 
  could you link to where you 're getting the 70 % from ? 
  i was under the impression that medicaid usually pays the healthcare providers directly . 
  ! translated, 
  medicaid being a loan scheme is one of those things i 'm sure i 've read before , but i blocked it out because it pisses me off so incredibly much . 
   they could n't get to the public funds feed trough fast enough once the aca opened the gate . 
  what did they expect from a mandate without price controls ? 
  who benefits from the bloat ? 
  sure not the people . 
  obamacare was a perfect of example of how our government does everything in a way that benefits the corporations and lobbyists more than the people . 
  this whole conversation stresses me out . 
  part of me wishes i had n't lived in a place with a functional healthcare system because going back is going to be hard . 
  i 'm lucky in the sense that i 'll probably be okay financially , unlucky in the sense that i have a chronic disease and have to deal with the healthcare system more frequently than most people , but for the most part i just get frustrated . 
  worst case scenario i go to mexico for bigger expenses . 
  i 've done that before ; it 's affordable enough . 
  i can be a very petty person , i know , but i 'm about to the point where i 'd go extremely far out of my way to avoid giving a penny to our bloated healthcare sector , or worse the insurance companies . 
  they 're crooks , the whole damn lot of them . 
  thank you for taking time to link all that , by the way . 
  i read it pre-coffee and while it pissed me off , it also makes me really appreciate the fact that i 'm not poor and stuck in the us with medical problems .
