  i studied latin , so i feel for you having skills in a language fewer and fewer people are interested in . 
  hopefully you do n't get cut . 
  on a personal level , these changes can be pretty rough . 
  us greek and latin students had to fight to keep our own major/professors from getting cut in place of the german teachers , who none of us wanted to get cut either . 
  taking the long view though , i think we ( latin , german , soon french ) are on the losing side in the us . 
   is n't the eu supposed to be a bastion of moral progress ? 
  i 've heard the eu described a lot of ways , but `` bastion of moral progress '' does n't ring any bells . 
  you 'll probably enjoy spain , and college in spain will be a nice way of easing into college life . 
  i have yet to hear someone from outside europe say they enjoyed the classes in spain or found them challenging , but you 'll probably learn enough outside of class to make it worth your while . 
  you need to make sure you can stay motivated and study so that you 're not behind your peers in the states when you return . 
  http://eutorrents.ph/ is n't bad for european languages . 
  i play almost only folk music and hymns and whatnot ; it 's hard to think of how to make those songs simpler . 
  do n't worry about the banjo players telling you you 're bad . 
  same thing happened when i was learning to play guitar because i did n't like what they considered technically challenging music , like metal . 
  over ten years later , i still play guitar and am happy with how i 'm able to play the kind of music i like . 
  if you play the type of banjo you want a lot for a long time , you 're going to sound good doing it . 
  and if that 's what you want , go for it . 
  define your banjo playing by how you want to sound . 
  after a year and a half of studying chinese , i felt like i could `` hear '' the language well , i.e. 
  could accurately transcribe what i heard into bopomofo/pinyin , had relatively decent skills across the board , but lacked vocabulary . 
  it was really frustrating because i could n't fall back on cognates like i did with spanish , or to a lesser extent german . 
  so i got the alphabetical lists of recommended vocab for the hsk exams and went to town , in addition to my regular studying habits . 
  i think it 's just as good as any other focused vocab study , and i much prefer it to themed lists . 
  the words get reinforced regularly because i watch chinese tv regularly , and i 'm retaining them much better than expected . 
  i remember better if i learn from context , but i can study more vocab explicitly than i can get words from context in a single day , so i say `` why not both ? '', 
  i 've only been using the lists for about 9 months now . 
  my opinion may change over a longer period of time . 
  i categorize mine by sources . 
  for example , in my chinese deck , i have the following subdecks :, 
  fsi, 
  pavc ( a multi-tome textbook ), 
  journey to the west ( subs2srs deck ), 
  lost in thailand ( subs2srs deck ), 
  hsk, 
  misc ( sentences i come across in the wild ), 
  -  television, 
  -  sports, 
  -  internet, 
  i do n't have any particular reason for this , but i like it well enough . 
  i have n't tried any other way to really tell you why it 's better or worse than other options , sorry . 
  i pretty much choose courses based on how much unique ( i.e. 
  non-repeated ) , tl audio it has . 
  in practice , this means i choose assimil or fsi most of the time . 
  courses like colloquial and ty , while sometimes useful , have too much english in the audio , the examples are too few and too short , and the grammar explanations are much longer than they need to be . 
  a short explanation and lots of examples is better than the other way around . 
  specific advice or how to be better than assimil :, 
  more cultural info . 
  this is something that ty has a lot of that is usually lacking in other courses . 
  i guess you can be wordy in the l1 here , but ty afrikaans is the best example i 've seen of integrating cultural info into the examples of tl that i 've seen . 
  more examples illustrating new grammar points with audio, 
  modern language you expect to hear in daily life . 
  too many courses use old , stilted language suitable for academic or formal business contexts . 
  that should come later . 
  you need to understand your landlord or the waiter at the restaurant before you can be worthwhile in a meeting . 
  ( assimil german teaches `` herr ober '' . 
  things you never actually hear from a german for $ 100 , please ), 
  pick a dialect and go with it . 
  too many courses ( looking at you , every latin american spanish course ever ) try to use `` neutral '' language . 
  it 's easier to start learning to sound natural in one place and change than to sound unnatural everywhere from the beginning . 
  that 's my two cents , anyway . 
  best of luck with the book . 
  edit : also , wordlists are only okay if they are words that are introduced elsewhere in context . 
  elementary korean is the worst example of this i 've seen , but some colloquial books are pretty bad about it too . 
  if i wanted to memorize vocab out of context , i 'd use a frequency list or something . 
  why does cheese deserve bm ? 
  interesting question . 
  the only real preference i think i have is for rap music in german and afrikaans . 
  seems to fit together nicely for some reason . 
  like this song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8e48vsegl54, 
  edit : this song might be a better example of how i ( very subjectively ) feel like the sound of the language really complements the style and song . 
  it 's plenty proper . 
  just because the europeans do n't like it does n't make it improper . 
  plus , being canadian , how often do you plan on talking to french francophones versus other canadians ? 
  that being said , if you 're not feeling french , i 'd definitely go for spanish . 
  it 's got a good many more speakers than french and is spoken in more countries . 
  the only reason i see to choose french over spanish is the connection to another part of your own country 's culture . 
  everyone has a different opinion , so i always try to figure out why someone is asking and respond appropriately . 
  a potential employer expects me to speak well enough to work in the language , the guatemalan guy at the market wants to know if we can conduct a transaction . 
  it 's contextual . 
  separatists tend to support other separatist movements . 
  the ( admittedly few ) other southern separatists i know , whether confederates or republic of new afrika sympathizers , all support quebec 's right to sovereignty . 
  same for scotland and catalonia , but that 's a bit further from home for us . 
  not sure exactly what you 're looking for , but i found a lot of useful graded audio with transcripts here http://www.xcn-chinese.com/index.asp, 
  it 's all free , but apparently you can pay and get more stuff . 
  here in granada , spain i 'm not sure if there 's really a chinese `` enclave , '' but there are chinese-run shops and restaurants everywhere . 
  i always just speak spanish with the younger people , but the older folks are generally happy to speak mandarin with me . 
  at first i thought it would be weird because they ( the older people ) do n't talk to each other in mandarin , but they always talk to their kids and grandkids in mandarin instead of a dialect , so i guess it works out . 
  ca n't speak for portuguese , but many spaniards strongly look down on you for speaking latin american spanish , whether you 're a native speaker or you learned spanish there . 
  i 'm an l2 speaker , but most of my friends here are from latin america , and pretty much everyone has linguistic discrimination stories . 
  that 's not even including the countless `` corrections '' , which in no way resemble the light-hearted jokes my british friends make about our language differences . 
  assimil , practical audio visual chinese , and pimsleur . 
  you 'll probably find pavc the most similar to genki , but all three are good programs . 
  \u592e\u89c6\u5f71\u97f3 on the google play store has a lot of content , including streaming news stations . 
  d\u00eda del trabajador is celebrated on may 1st because of the haymarket affair , which happened in the us . 
  so yes , in a way we are celebrating the american labor movement today . 
  judging by preferences stated in japanese job ads , the discrimination is going to be against anyone who does n't have an american accent . 
  half the jobs seem to ask for american or canadian passport holders . 
  i do n't think one is better than the other , but your reasons for liking pinyin make it seem like you 're pronouncing things incorrectly . 
  think about the letter `` u '' in pinyin : \u5c31 ( jiu4 ) \u8bed ( yu3 ) and \u8def ( lu4 ) all use the letter `` u '' , but it makes three different sounds !, 
  same story with `` i '' .
