  making sure citizens have access to guns is also not that popular , but it depends on the subreddit . 
  heh , does meighan have anything besides payday loan places ? 
  i do n't disagree with any of the examples you 're using . 
  there are a lot of areas that were nicer when i was younger . 
  rude old people are everywhere , though . 
  i 've literally never lived anywhere where people did n't complain about them , and i do n't think they 're especially bad in gadsden . 
  there may be more old people in general , though . 
  i think i see different reasons for some of these things , though . 
  you mentioned lack of pride , but to me all the issues ( except the old people ) are products of our economy . 
  when you do n't have or make enough money to use a building , why would you spend even more money you do n't have to tear it down ? 
  pride will never be as much of a motivator as not having the resources to get it done , or not having to spend the money . 
  ( i do n't think the problem is just greed , but more on that later ) . 
  the people owning commercial buildings charging astronomical rent is the same all over the us . 
  america became the strong on the back of capitalism , but for a number of reasons property owners seem to be less interested in their communities and more interested in money than they used to be . 
  i attribute a lot of this to organizational decision making as opposed to most of the wealth being owned by individuals , who at the end of the day usually make human decisions . 
  this trend has been a long time coming , and it wo n't be easy to set it back , especially since amoral , organizational-style decision-making has become the norm . 
  and any time there are poor people , there will be assholes ( whether individuals or organizations ) exploiting them . 
  payday loan places are just another symptom of the economy in my book . 
   it 's just sad and pathetic to see on a daily basis because it sure seems like nobody else gives a shit if this place exists or not . 
  i 'll just hop up on my soapbox real quick and try to keep it quick , but the economy ( blessed be his name , pbuh , etc. ), 
  has no interest in the health of gadsden ( or most places in the us ) as a community . 
  we exist only to have the last drops of wealth squeezed out of us and sent to the shareholders on the coasts ( or akron , wherever , anywhere but here , basically ) . 
  our entire system is built around caring about unemployment numbers , inflation rates , and profit margins . 
  left or right , dem or gop , does n't matter , no one on a national scale is doing anything meaningful for the communities that make up the country . 
  i 'm not saying they 're right , just that they 're socialist policies that are generally scoffed at . 
  that 's what you said would surprise you . 
  just to ward off any dutchies taking offense , it used to be a germanic dialect , not a german dialect . 
  two options you could be going for here . 
  the first is the present unreal conditional . 
   and , if you decided to look for a new job , the help wanted ads in the local newspaper would be the place to start . 
  this refers to you , in the future , possibly deciding to look for jobs , but the speaker finds it unlikely that you 'll do it . 
  the second option is the past unreal conditional . 
   and , if you had decided to look for a new job ( but you did n't ) , the help wanted ads in the local newspaper would have been the place to start ( but they were n't because you did n't ) . 
  so it would n't be was/were at all , but would be or would have been . 
  unreal conditionals use the word would in the apodosis . 
  i feel like `` speakers of germanic languages and apparently almost no one else '' would have been a much fairer way to say `` apparently only our language family '' . 
  english is pretty needlessly specific if that was your point . 
  finnish and estonian have distinct words for toes as well , if i remember correctly . 
  this reminds be of germans calling raccoons waschb\u00e4ren ( washbears ) . 
  they appear in german children 's books about bears with no mention that they are not , in fact , bears , even though red pandas do get called out for not being bears . 
  a lot of germans think of kleinb\u00e4ren ( small bears , like raccoons ) as being just a subset of bears , for no other reason than the names have the same word in them . 
  i do n't see how that 's so different than in english . 
  i did n't mean that english is needlessly specific with the word toe . 
  lots of things in languages are needlessly specific ; that 's not special . 
  i meant that you were needlessly specific in using the word english when you meant something else . 
  to kill a mockingbird , there will be blood , the big lebowski , forrest gump , and the patriot . 
  it can get a little annoying , but usually i just take it as them trying to show they care . 
  like when you hear someone has a cold , it 's common to tell people to get some rest and try [ your favorite home remedy ] . 
  does n't mean it 's a good idea , it 's just kind of a way to sympathize and show interest in the conversation . 
  like when people bring up how they ca n't eat taco bell to try to sympathize with me having crohn 's . 
  it 's actually kind of a shitty thing to say that could make me feel invalidated , but for the most part i just accept they 're trying to make sense of and connect to my experiences through their own . 
  some people are really dicks about it , but i think they 're the minority . 
  i guess i 'm doing the same thing telling everyone to be more positive about people saying ignorant shit . 
  i 'm just too busy keeping the mental gps bathroom routefinder running to be bothered by things like that as long as they 're not trying to be an ass . 
   here , poor and working-class republican voters are like pavlov 's dogs , seeking out abuse from their masters in the hope that the latter will hurt other americans even more so . 
  i ca n't help but feel like people who write things like this are out of touch with average republicans . 
  if progressives want to better communicate their message to people , they should probably stop making offensive blanket statements about working class people who voted republican . 
  this is the kind of rhetoric that encourages me to stay as far as possible from the label liberal . 
  good recommendation . 
  there 's a shortcut to add whatever word you 're hovering over to a vocab list that you can then export and use in anki or however you want . 
   also the problem i have while reading chinese news is that i never know what i can trust , i 'd like to find some resources with an `` out-of-china '' / international point of view . 
  i would recommend never trusting any news anywhere , but if you are n't looking for news with chinese characteristics , some of the outlets in taiwan are n't bad . 
  neither are great , but you can find decent articles in liberty times and , to a lesser extent , apple daily from time to time . 
  i also read the chinese papers . 
  as long as you keep aware of bullshit and read between the lines , you can still get useful information out of them . 
  new york times , bbc , rfi , and deutsche welle also have chinese language news , if you 'd rather use western sources . 
  like another commenter said , you can use an add-on like perapera and keep a vocab list with that , if you 'd like . 
  hsk6 is past the stage where learners ' materials are particularly useful . 
   we 've seen time and time before that empathy , facts , reason , logic , are just not effective in persuading republican or now trump supporters . 
  who 's we ? 
  a lot of people only hear one side of the story and do n't go out of their way to check it or look for other narratives . 
  plenty of republican voters are empathetic . 
  not all of them , of course , but it 's not like they 're all sociopathic monsters . 
   facts , reason , logic, 
  the number of people in this world who are persuaded by facts , reason , logic , and good arguments seems to be very small no matter your political persuasion . 
   yet somehow everything is the fault of the `` liberals . '', 
  the democrats ' neoliberal agenda has n't been helping anything . 
   why should `` liberals '' be politically correct when discussing the matter , especially when anti-pc attitudes are so vehemently expressed by republicans . 
  i 'm not saying anyone should be politically correct on moral or ethical grounds , or that their anger is unjustified . 
  just as a practical matter , calling people `` dogs '' when they are natural class allies of the socialist movement . 
  they need education . 
  your anger can be justified all day , but it 's not getting us anywhere without a mass movement . 
  we need more people for that . 
  i do n't think democrats or anyone should bend over backwards for republicans policy-wise , but there 's a real lack of leftist figures in the us right now who can speak the language of the poor republican base and talk to them without talking down to them . 
  it 's not about bending over backwards , but putting aside the antagonistic rhetoric long enough to bring more workers to the cause . 
  foreigners making hollywood movies is the american way . 
  i would use lernm\u00f6glichkeiten , but i 'm not a native so take that with a grain of salt . 
  [ linguee ] ( http://www.linguee.de/deutsch-englisch/search?source=auto&amp;query=learning+opportunities ) is a good source for questions like this . 
  there are very few places i 'd like to move to that are west of the mississippi or north of the mason-dixon line . 
  i 'd consider wyoming , idaho , and montana , but other than that i 'd stick to the southeast . 
  i 'm not sure how many english speakers learn other languages as a hobby after finishing school . 
  we mostly have uses for them . 
  i set myself an amount of time to spend writing whatever it is based on how important it is . 
  if it 's very important , i get it proofread . 
  i ca n't think of what grammar rules i would even write down for german . 
  maybe an adjective declension table ; i end up googling those more often than i 'd like to admit . 
  if i do n't know a word 's gender , i have to check it . 
  if it were common enough for me to write it down on a cheat sheet , i would n't have trouble remembering it . 
  and at the end of the day , it 's either good enough or it 's not . 
  i used to really stress about it , but i came to terms with the fact that i 'm not a native speaker and i do n't need to be invisibly foreign with long-term contacts .
