  was it supposed to be an acronym or something ? 
  because that would make it marginally better . 
  sounds like bad hr-babble either way . 
  i did n't notice it being too different from what i 'm used to in the states . 
  there are some things that might make you feel like your personal space has been invaded , though :, 
  the greetings , if you 're not into hugs and kisses . 
  if you 're a guy , expect other guys to show their friendship a lot more physically affectionately than in the states . 
  but no , average conversation distance should n't make you feel uncomfortable . 
  this might just be because i 'm fat , but food is one of my more successful language exchange starting points . 
  most people like talking about regional/national dishes and what they like to eat , and it 's a good springboard to talk about the culture more as a whole . 
  also , books , music , movies , and tv shows are n't * that * language/region specific . 
  there are a few popular centers of media output ( usa , india , and korea come to mind ) , and pretty much everyone is going watch or listen to music from one of those places . 
  and right now , american movies/shows have more penetration than any of the others . 
  so sometimes you might not have any tv shows in common with your conversation partner , but that could be true within your community , too . 
  that 's one way to make the distinction , but i 've seen `` mi parolas esperante '' used to mean `` i speak esperanto '' too . 
  another option might be :, 
  i speak esperanto . 
  i am speaking in esperanto . 
  edit : just realized that skellious already said more or less the same thing . 
  things that are mysterious off the top of my head :, 
  - rxl , - bxl , and - txl . 
  well , i 'm not sure if the second one is mysterious or if i 'm just bad at picking the right one on the spot . 
  i liked the articles you linked , but more importantly i liked your writing style . 
  it 's clear , easy to read , and approachable without sacrificing accuracy . 
  you even anticipated that i would have no idea what chinese whispers was and hyperlinked it . 
  looking forward to reading more of your posts . 
   but i ca n't help but think that people may pronounce it as `` sts '' especially if they do n't speak a european language, 
  that 's how most everyone i 've heard says it , and the correct way , as far as i understand it . 
  it 's pretty similar to the sound in carefully pronounced english `` la ** st s ** eat '' . 
  people do n't always pronounce things perfectly , including otherwise fluent speakers . 
  someone who recorded audio on tatoeba really struggles with the `` kn '' sound . 
  the way `` sc '' is pronounced on the omniglot udhr recording is the exception , rather than the rule . 
  looks pretty good . 
  i think i remember seeing some dvds of this at media markt in budapest for around 1000 forint per dvd . 
  if you google magyarorsz\u00e1g t\u00f6rt\u00e9nete dvd , there appear to be a few online shops selling a box set , but i ca n't find subtitle info for any of it . 
  michel thomas is good for basic grammar , pimsleur is good for nailing those everyday phrases , assimil is good as a coursebook . 
  i really like bliu bliu , but it shines for intermediate learners imo . 
  a lot of people like duolingo , so have a look at that as well . 
  so when i say something like `` k\u00e9t eszpressz\u00f3t k\u00e9rek '' , and then they repeat it back to me replacing `` k\u00e9t '' with `` kett\u0151 '' , they 're actually doing it to make sure they have my order right , not because they 're correcting me ? 
  it just confuses me , because i 've checked both my textbook and grammar book and they say k\u00e9t comes before a noun . 
  if i understood your explanation here , kett\u0151 as emphasis makes what i 've been hearing make a lot more sense . 
  thanks a lot for the response . 
  german : it was more of a problem when i was a beginner , but i still sometimes hear / e / as / i / and vice versa because they sound so similar to me . 
  fun times telling people about how cute i think `` egel '' ( leeches ) are , when i meant to talk about `` igel '' hedgehogs . 
  it was also a frequent problem with unfamiliar names . 
  pieter or peter , who knows ? 
  a couple more i have n't seen in the comments are ~ ~ \u903b\u8f91 and ~ ~ \u5e7d\u9ed8 . 
  edit : should n't rely on ctrl + f when so many learners use traditional . 
  that sounds pretty good . 
  i had been looking for something like that on meetup.com , but i could n't find anything specifically for hungarian < -  english . 
  where are you moving back from ? 
  i 've only been here for a couple of weeks and my hungarian is still awful . 
  weekends are fine for me , anywhere near public transport . 
  i 'd recommend getting to at least b1 or b2 before starting romanian . 
  at that level you should be able to do some fun stuff in german to keep things interesting . 
  going through two languages at a beginner level before seeing any rewards can be pretty rough . 
  a level test is the best way ( telc tests , for example , or goethe institute ) , but if you do n't need one , do n't bother . 
  because, 
  the important thing is not exactly what level you have , it 's whether your german is good enough so that you can study by watching movies , reading books , and generally using the language . 
  not that you 'd never crack open a textbook again , but it 's probably not the main way you 'll be studying . 
  when you get to that point in your studies , whatever level that may be , it probably wo n't be that difficult to start another language . 
  and you can only really know that yourself . 
  open up a teenage fiction book ( the worse they are , the better for language learning imo ) . 
  can you follow the story ? 
  can you learn new words by context ? 
  could this be enjoyable with the right book ? 
  if the answer is yes , you 're probably somewhere in the b1 range . 
  some people have more tolerance for ambiguity than others . 
  you could ask yourself the same questions about conversations ( if you have practice partners ) , tv shows , or movies if you prefer . 
  this problem has a few cousins , my favorite of which is blaming people for referring to those who speak multiple languages as linguists . 
  you need two things :, 
  character/word recognition - word in characters on the front , pinyin and meaning on the back . 
  i personally think it 's better , especially at the beginning , to put a whole sentence in characters on the front , pinyin and meaning on the back , but the point is the same . 
  active recall : for this , use cloze deletion . 
  put a whole dialogue/paragraph/weibo post on the front with the words you want to learn deleted/covered . 
  on the back , have the characters , pinyin , and meaning of the missing word ( s ) . 
  you could also just have english on the front , characters and pinyin on the back . 
  bluegrass and appalachian folk music , definitely , but i would n't really call either of those country . 
  i 'm not really that familiar with britain . 
  how useful are spanish , french , and german there ? 
  from what i 've heard , they do n't make up major immigrant groups and do n't have a big pop culture presence . 
  i know there 's lots of trade , but that 's far from immediately useful to a high schooler . 
  i completely agree about the easy part , though . 
  why is it more difficult to teach characters than words in another language ? 
  sure , they 're harder to memorize , but i do n't see why you 'd need to change teaching strategies . 
  i understand how most japanese learning material works , but it seems unnecessary . 
  most chinese materials i 've used have introduced words and not worried about individual characters that much . 
  the only difference between that and learning a german word is that i also have to remember the pronunciation in addition to the meaning . 
   trying to teach the vocabulary in the same layout as in european languages can be very ineffective . 
  i still do n't get your reasoning for this , because i do n't understand the following, 
   being able to recognize a character in isolation is vital for understanding and extending vocabulary and being able to read familiar and unfamiliar words . 
  recognizing characters as a part of a word works just as well . 
  when i first started learning , i focused on individual characters in addition to words and found it a huge waste of time . 
  a house is generally thought of as personal property ( non-productive ) , as opposed to a factory , which is private property ( productive ) . 
  sometimes you can find articles that are useful with just a little editing on the simple english wikipedia . 
  actually , telling the `` oh , you say it like this '' is the most useful thing you can do . 
  everything else is just a bonus . 
  here 's a checklist of questions you probably already know how to address to help your friends :, 
  what do you say ? 
  how do you say it ?
