  it 's harmful in the sense that you 'd have less time to study each language . 
  mixing things up is possibly the most overstated concern in language learning , so i would n't worry about that . 
  if you have twice the motivation and time you need to learn a language , then you can do it . 
  if you already have assimil , i would n't worry too much about getting another textbook . 
  you should be able to start reading and listening to simple native stuff after assimil . 
  if you do want more guidance , berliner platz 3 or 4 should be about the right level . 
  in two great states , even . 
  you 're right , but i think it depends on op 's goals . 
  i do n't think i would ever speak good dutch without living for a while in the netherlands . 
  i can get around decently in dutch as it is , but it 's extremely german-y . 
  i have the same problem with portuguese . 
  even after a few weeks in portugal , it still sounds really spanishy when i speak . 
  i 've met a couple of dutch people in germany who speak german very fluently , but not really bothering too much with genders and cases . 
  one has been here for a decade , but speaking german-y dutch is good enough 99 % of the time , apparently . 
  ( edit : knew some italians in spain , similar story ), 
  the languages being related makes it extremely time-efficient to take shortcuts and not really learn the other language from the ground up . 
  i guess my point is , if op wants to learn to speak the language properly , they 'll have to properly study/practice the language anyways . 
  if passive/moderately communicative access to one ( or both ) of the cultures is enough , then i like your recommendation . 
  i took the question as op wanting to study both because they felt like it , so i say `` why not ? '', 
  after googling him and watching some of his videos , i ca n't imagine that being anything but a scam . 
  his videos are like watching someone throw technical terms at wall and seeing if they stick . 
  i remember seeing his videos in the past , and i just loaded up another to make sure i 'm thinking about the same guy . 
  he makes benny look like an honest , respectable expert . 
  i have it for chinese , but it 's been a year or two since i 've done it . 
  i thought it was great . 
  it covers all kinds of stuff : small talk , looking for an apartment , going to the doctor , all very practical . 
  there was actually a little bit too much medical stuff towards the end , in my opinion . 
  i know it talks about getting internet , registering for insurance , and stuff like that ; but i do n't specifically remember just registering your presence . 
  i 'm pretty sure there were parts about taxes , but it 's been a long time and my memory is a bit fuzzy . 
  for nouns , you want to know the gender and plural . 
  for verbs , you want to know the principal parts : the infinitive , the preterite , and the past participle . 
  you might also consider adding which preposition and/or case it takes . 
  it depends on what you mean by proficiency . 
  heritage speakers often have better accents and a more intuitive grasp on the grammar than learners , but may be completely unable to function in professional situations . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifcoapj76ra ) is a funny take on it . 
  lots was happening when obama got elected . 
  the number of militias skyrocketed . 
  the majority of gun owners are rural conservatives who are more likely to support trump than want to kick him out . 
  american here in germany . 
  it 's not that socialist . 
  do you have a wellspring for that ? 
  i ca n't find anything about it . 
  i see . 
  the word is still theedish , so i 'll wield it . 
  if i wanted to change english wordlaw , i 'd just speak old english . 
  the wordlaw of every leid is other than its forebear leid . 
  i never had someone ask or care in europe ( germany and spain ) . 
  they were always more interested in experience . 
  i 've lived in six countries . 
  all of the countries in the new world , i had no trouble making friends at all . 
  every country in europe , i made friends slowly and mostly with foreigners . 
  which foreigners depends on the country . 
  in spain , i was friends mostly with latin americans . 
  in germany , a good half of my friends are polish , turkish , etc. 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with europeans not liking foreigners , and more to do with europeans being very slow to make friends . 
  it 's not just americans i 've seen struggle with this . 
  in spain , i heard similar complaints from people who grew up in different parts of spain . 
  your social life is generally pretty stable by the time you 're an adult in europe , at least compared to the us . 
  you make friends after very prolonged exposure , whereas in the us i might have a new friend after a particularly interesting chat at waffle house . 
  i have a huge problem with identity politics the way the american left does it . 
  identity politics only works when it 's a part of a larger movement against oppression that affects more than just specific minorities , and democrats are n't offering that . 
  there also seems to be this widespread idea that it 's taboo to address and court white voters explicitly . 
  that seems counterproductive to me . 
  the people and groups that make up american society have to be able to talk openly and honestly about their problems and desires for the future and how they agree or conflict with other people and groups . 
  patriotic revolutionary socialist , apparently . 
  [ state : confederal direct democracy -- society : secular nativism -- system : liberal mercantilist social state ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ynq2a ), 
  i got 89 % bernie , which is okay i guess . 
  i also had  70 % matches with hillary and jill stein , so something has gone terribly wrong somewhere . 
  i agree 47 % with donald trump , which matches my general impression of his presidency so far . 
  related issue , i recently did the same kind of survey for the german elections ( wahl-o-mat ) and the green party and the afd ( right populists ) were tied for first . 
   white men , myself included , posting here have never had to worry about being shot at, 
  speak for yourself . 
  do i face systematic violence because of my race ? 
  does being white protect me from the dangers of living in a poor , violent area with a poor , violent family ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  of the three barbecue places i frequent , all of them only offer pork . 
  the question is how much you want , whether you want it in a bun , and what kind of coke you want . 
  if you add luke warm water before the sugar , you might as well just make some tea and add sugar to it . 
  it tastes completely different . 
  a cherokee princess named noccalula killed herself by jumping over a waterfall because she was being forced to marry a man she did n't love . 
  if you know the pinyin , you know the pronunciation . 
  the only exception i can think of are odd compound words where the tone changes for no particular reason , at least not that i know . 
  it 's much better than whatever that pronunciation guide in merriam-webster was . 
  you can go from pinyin to phonemic ipa and back without losing any information . 
  why do you feel compelled to keep everything gold all the time ? 
  you can strengthen a bunch at once if you let them decay a bit longer . 
  also , are you peeking ? 
  if you 've learned it four times in a row and it 's still not staying gold for more than a day , you must be missing questions and/or peeking , so it 's not flagging it as learned . 
  work through it . 
  consider glossika if native materials are still too frustrating after finishing assimil . 
  read german harry potter while listening to the audiobooks . 
  start reading , watching , and listening to other stuff you like in german . 
  ta-da , a year or two later you know german . 
  basic german is a grammar workbook . 
  i would n't recommend using it as your main learning material . 
  mousing over the word to see what it means . 
  assimil is very good , but it 's hard to say how far it will get you because there are a lot of gaps . 
  there 's hsk5 vocab in there , but there 's also hsk3 vocab that is n't covered , so you need something else . 
  b1 is probably the best description of the level of the dialogues at the end of the book , but the course itself could never take you to b1 . 
  i used it in conjunction with pavc and thought it was great , so you 'll probably like it alongside your class textbooks as well .
