  i 'd also say portuguese . 
  unstressed vowels behave much like english , and the only difficult sounds i can think of would be the word-initial r/rr and possibly the nasals . 
  had a acquaintance who did exactly that ( the italian riviera part , not the greek islands ) . 
  the whole trip was funded by his church ( two years ) , and as far as i can tell from the facebook pictures , he mostly just hung out with beautiful italian women the whole time . 
  i think he 's actually serious about the religious part of it , but i just shake my head at the whole situation . 
  i think it 's because people have political differences with china that they do n't have with south korea . 
  odd how i know so many immigrants in the us ( who immigrated as adults ) and speak english with no formal study or classes of any kind . 
  a government is , ultimately , little more than an organization of people . 
  a big , far-reaching one , but an organization nonetheless . 
  we come together to accomplish more than we can as individuals ; charities follow the same pattern . 
  if a society chooses to support the poor through the government , as opposed to through other organizations like charities or individually , i 'm not sure that i would call it theft . 
  if i value the welfare of the citizenry , i want to entrust it to the most capable and far-reaching organization i can . 
  i think taking other people 's property is compatible with christianity , assuming it is private property and not personal property . 
  one of my obligations as a christian is to care for the orphans/widows/those who need it . 
  if i think a state-sized organization can do that more effectively than in another system , i feel i have an moral obligation to support that , which may include the state keeping people who have large amounts of capital from continuing to exploit the poor , including expropriating their ( the capitalists ' ) property . 
  how are you differentiating osmosis and immersion ? 
  seemed to me like the author was experiencing something very similar what most immigrants experience and calling it osmosis . 
   i decided to give myself a break and see how much i could pick up in a year without taking any classes or reading any grammar books - just using a simple process of osmosis ,, 
  she 's living there , not studying , and trying to speak , which also fits your definition of immersion , or at least mimics what the immigrants i know go through . 
  are you sure the german university requires a c2 ? 
  to study engineering ? 
  you sure you have to more than pass the testdaf , which is somewhere b2/c1 ish ? 
  in the event that you are correct ( i hope you 're not , not just for your sake , but because c1 is plenty for studying most things and i would question the university 's motives ) , c2 is possible within nine months , but improbable for most people . 
  a lot of hours with the language lie between c1 and c2 . 
  while you 'd have to work exceptionally hard to get to c2 within 9 months , i think you 'd have no problem passing the testdaf and handling university coursework in german within that time span , providing you really put your mind to it and study/use german a few hours a day . 
  either way , best of luck !, 
  i 'm here mostly because my wife 's going to grad school here , but i 'm working as well . 
  not sure what an auxiliar is , but i doubt that 's me . 
  perhaps i just have a creepy smile i had never noticed before . 
  never know about these things . 
  k\u00f6lsch is a fun dialect . 
  there 's not much in the way of tv media as far as i know , but there are advertisements in k\u00f6lsch , a decent number of bands that sing in k\u00f6lsch , the bookstores in cologne usually have a couple of books in k\u00f6lsch , and in cologne they put on plays in k\u00f6lsch sometimes . 
   she believes that changing spain 's time zone , combined with a more rational 9-5 working day , would be of huge benefit , and cost nothing . 
  they 're talking about both . 
  what part of it was confusing ? 
  well , there is definitely lots of bigotry against southerners , but this article seems to talk more about how huntsville is different from the part of alabama i 'm from ( lookout mountain , gadsden/collinsville area ) than anything else . 
  people do dress/act/talk differently here than in other parts of the country , but i love it and think it 's great . 
  i 'm sure the author 's experience is different than mine , so i do n't fault her expressing her own frustrations , but for people who are n't from places like huntsville , i do n't think we have anything to be ashamed of either , and i do n't think we deserve to be treated like we 're stupid or cave-dwellers by people who have never been here or drove through once . 
  i almost felt like the author was ashamed of being grouped in with some yokels , which is more or less the same thing i have to deal with from people who actually do n't know anything about the state . 
  while i 'm on the subject , i live in spain now , and i got this gem yesterday while introducing myself to a british person ( know even less about alabama than yankees ) :, 
  brit : so where are you from ? 
  brit : what part ? 
  me : alabama . 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  do you play the banjo ? 
  from our friends at / r/anarcho _ capitalism, 
  this is just another minimum wage causes unemployment idea with no sources and a slight twist . 
  it does n't provide any solutions . 
  i 'm also bothered by the fact that the author seems to think that working for starvation wages is clearly better than not working . 
  the discussion of unions is minimal and not very flattering . 
  this looks completely out of place . 
  oh wait , it is !, 
  just anarcho-caps trolling . 
  move along . 
  very similar situation to china . 
  state capitalist after big market reforms . 
  my dismissal is because of the way in which it was decided to post this here , not the fact that someone who disagrees with me posted it . 
   i 'll give anyone $ 500,000 theoretical dollars that posts this to / r/socialism . 
  double dog donut dare . 
  that does a pretty poor job of making me feel this was placed here to have an earnest discussion . 
  i do n't have a strong position of minimum wage because workers wo n't be free until they own the means of production themselves , and i do n't see how minimum wage supports the end goal . 
  i do generally support legislation that improves people 's lives here and now , but minimum wage is a pretty lackluster way to do that . 
  something like an unconditional basic income is a good bit better than minimum wage i think , but in general i 'd say we should focus our efforts on building worker organizations and raising class consciousness . 
  in the short term , unions will be able to bargain for fairer prices for their labor , and it moves us further towards having a mobilized working class , which can seize the factories/workplaces/etc . 
  for themselves . 
  do n't forget australians . 
  yes , some people have trouble with that distinction . 
  natively i use sit for both , much like i use lay for both trans and intrans . 
  i still have to think about it pretty hard when i 'm trying to speak `` correctly '' . 
  it 's the same thing with all the ets tests in the us , both toefl/toeic as well as the non-language tests such as the sat and gre . 
  there are no other options , the tests are n't particularly good , and they 're way too expensive ( about the same price as the ielts , as i recall ) . 
  one more example of the government endorsing one company and making them a fortune . 
  never mind the large numbers of people who have learned a language with minimal amounts of communication . 
  between lr , anki , virtual immersion , and self-talk , among others , there 's really no shortage of ways to learn a language without really talking to others all that much . 
  i 'm glad , because i love languages but do n't like talking to people all that often . 
  people learn languages in different ways . 
  some people like to get out there and talk , some people like to do drills , others love to read or watch movies . 
  and you can be successful doing just about whatever you want . 
  the trick is just to do it . 
  about the only correlation i 've seen between people who have learned another language well is that they have spent a lot of time with their language . 
  that is a short description , but if you 're more interested , and want to read someone very knowledgeable about it ( if her writing style is a bit aimless ) , check out this : http://learnlangs.com/listening-reading_important_passages.htm, 
  the community ( i guess that falls under the communication part of your answer ) . 
  there are esperantists in almost every country , and they tend to be pretty nice and helpful with other esperantists ( probably with other people too , i do n't know ) . 
  like any other language , it opens up a new group of people to talk to , and , unlike most natural languages , you have a built-in shared interest/hobby with everyone who speaks the language . 
  no , just hong kong . 
  most chinese on the mainland prefer to learn american english . 
  same story in korea and japan . 
  actually most countries prefer to learn american english , exceptions being europe ( where most proficient speakers sound american anyways ) and some former british colonies . 
  i agree . 
  i think it 's much more intertwined with the anarchist part of christian anarchism part than any theological considerations . 
  i 'm a christian , formerly an anarchist , now a communist , with no vegetarian leanings . 
  i ca n't answer for moha , but i 'll give my insight . 
  i was a vegetarian for about five years . 
  i stopped when i went to live in the jungle in central america for a year completely off the grid , hours from any shops , and was n't getting the nutrition i needed . 
  it was the same when i started eating meat , but it was a little bit better . 
  if your life is so comfortable , or the local food options are such that choosing not to eat meat is an option for you , that 's great . 
  however , a few things need to be carefully considered : what do i sacrifice to keep my restricted diet ? 
  time ? 
  money ? 
  effort ?
