  none of these sentences make sense to my american eyes , and i could n't replace most of them with pull over . 
  if i wanted watered-down , pro-china only news , i 'd just stick to the mainland news sites . 
  of the 27 posts on the front page of / r/sino , i count two that could be construed as not pro-china . 
  the advantage of the chinese news sites is that there is n't a huge crossover between them and angsty pseudo-redpillers . 
  before anyone goes to / r/sino , check out asianmasculinity and see if you recognize any of those creeps in / r/sino . 
  yeah , there 's not shortage of places to find western-centric or sinocentric news and discussion . 
  reddit has a lot of one , the entire chinese internet has a lot of the other . 
  / r/sino is just another place to find pro-china news , but with the added twist of being started by a bunch of misogynists . 
  it has fuckall to do with learning or loving mandarin . 
  in fact , it seems to have about as much chinese-language content as / r/china , which is pretty sad . 
  just for the benefit of any beginners here , it would have to be `` la [ country ] an lingvon '' or `` la [ country ] a lingvo '' . 
  the adjective needs to agree in case with the noun . 
  here you go . 
  the theme song is japanese , the rest is dubbed in mandarin . 
  yes , the majority of popular chinese songs are ballads , including in china itself . 
  as far as reasons go , i can only speculate , but i think karaoke culture has a lot to do with it . 
  ballads are easy to remember , easy to sing while drunk . 
  i personally ca n't stand it and cherish the non-ballad chinese music i find . 
  at a certain point , even the good ballads become annoying because there 's very little diversity . 
  the second-hand anything market seemed really pricy in spain . 
  even trying to buy a used bike was a hassle . 
  no , your shitty used bike is not worth seventy euros . 
  anyways , i did end up buying a car i saw in my neighborhood with a for sale sign on it . 
  the paperwork was n't anything unusual , much less hassle than germany but more than in the us , no idea about the uk . 
  most of the stuff to fill out is for the seller with info on the car , as a buyer it 's not bad . 
  you have to pay a tax on the car when you transfer ownership , but your seller can just say they 're selling it for less to give you a break on the taxes , if they want . 
  i had to get the car inspected , as well . 
  it was n't a problem , despite the car i got being a real pos . 
  the structure in the third example you picked out is not just grammatical , but something i hear/read pretty regularly . 
  i saw that for the first time when applying to schools in china . 
  it 's pretty normal for china , but i figured if a skype interview was n't enough , a introduction video would n't help much more . 
  a video of me giving a lesson would have been a bigger pain for me to do , but at least at would have felt like it might help an employer decide who to hire . 
  i never did an intro video and got a job that required one anyways . 
  turns out they wanted it to show it to the school 's principal , who was always much more interested in my appearance than my teaching anyways . 
  i 'm at a point in my career where i have some qualifications and years of experience ( outside of china/asia , which i 've realized is a big distinction ) , and ca n't be arsed to do shit like that . 
  that said , if you 're a newer teacher and are worried about getting a job , it might be worth it to play along . 
  race aside , because no classification of race i know would distinguish chinese and korean , much less taiwanese , ethnicity is largely self-identified . 
  between self-identification and having their own country/province , i do n't see any reason to cringe . 
  no , just that racial classifications generally lump most east asians into one category , whether it 's asian , mongoloid , or whatever other word they picked . 
  check out fsi , which you can ( legally ) find for free online . 
  it 's old and not too exciting , but it 's a good course if you do n't mind a bit of outdated vocabulary . 
  you might also want to check out the glossika hungarian course . 
  i do n't know about the hungarian course specifically , but glossika 's usually pretty good . 
  it 's my favorite of the new canon comics . 
  definitely give it a look if you enjoyed the others . 
  eh , the message has way too much paraphrasing , to the point that unless the l2 text was a translation of the english version of the message , it would be so different as to be near useless for direct , detailed comparison . 
  i do agree with using a relatively modern translation , whatever the niv equivalent is in your language . 
  i hate recommending the niv and never would to a native english speaker , but it is fairly current language-wise . 
  but the big advantage of the bible is for people who know it well already . 
  reading side by side is great , but if you can remember the english and glance at it occasionally instead of reading it all , it makes it that much faster and easier . 
  but if you know harry potter or some other ( preferably long ) book/series that well , it 'd probably be easier to just use that for you parallel text/lr activities . 
   only 5 vowel sounds in spanish, 
  using the correct `` e '' sound does affect your accent and how native you sound , even though it will never be difficult understand if you use the wrong one . 
  searching on / r/chineselanguage , and / r/languagelearning would have saved you a lot of time . 
  i posted links to my glossika decks , which are a few thousand full sentences with audio , somewhere in the comments on / r/chineselanguage , i think . 
  no , mine are decks full of sentences and matching audio from the glossika course . 
  edit : i just checked the decks shared publicly , and there are tons of good options for sentences with audio . 
  the glossika decks are n't any better . 
  yep , just last summer maroon 5 got the chinese part of their tour cancelled because one of the members tweeted happy birthday to the dalai lama . 
  bon jovi got banned , too , because his taiwanese fans dug up a picture of him with a tibetan flag at his concert and sent it to chinese officials . 
  they hoped bon jovi would n't be able to go to china and would have to do more shows in taiwan instead . 
  khmer would be a nice language to do sometime , i do n't think we 've had hmong either , which has a fairly large footprint in the us for a language its size . 
  they 're just being polite and complimenting your english . 
  maybe it 's genuine , but it can also be insincere/only to be polite . 
  spanish might be easier to learn because there are more resources and more speakers . 
  it also might make catalan easier because a lot of catalan resources are in spanish . 
  but it 's not a huge decision either way . 
  just start studying one and pick up the other after you get the basics down . 
  what is this from ? 
  i only know the story about how palpatine got maul from the book plagueis , which does n't count now :(, 
  the oklahoma dialect would pronounce it something like joo - sah - see ( very rough anglicization ) . 
  in north carolina , it would be tsoo-sah-see , pronouncing the ts kind of like the end of the `` its '' or `` cats '' . 
  socialists ( which i 'm assuming saturnix is , or something in that direction ) generally use the word liberal in the older sense of the word , or the way many countries still use the word . 
  it refers to what in the us would be called fiscally conservative , or even libertarian . 
  liberals ( pro free-market ) vs. socialists is the question , not liberals vs. conservatives . 
  i do n't know about a list , but the old dli course has a bunch of units teaching military language . 
  you could check and see if it has a glossary at the back . 
  hoffmania gave some other examples , but cherokee also does something very similar to turkish . 
  there are two suffixes that mark past tense , one for something you personally saw/experienced , and one for something you did n't see firsthand . 
  usually it takes people around 3-20 minutes to realize i 'm not german , depending on how complex what we 're talking about is . 
  my all-time longest was at a soccer game . 
  me and the guy beside me were talking bullshit , soccer politics , etc. 
  for most of the game . 
  an hour or so in , it comes up in conversation that i 'm american . 
  he asks me if i had german parents . 
  after the game 's over , he asks me again if my family is german . 
  it 's very rare that people do n't notice for so long , and it could never happen on a topic i do n't talk about regularly . 
  it is nice to not be seen as a foreigner as soon as i open my mouth for day-to-day stuff , though . 
  i still ca n't sound native for a full sentence in spanish , despite physically blending in better in spain . 
  i 've had two phone calls scheduling appointments in china where they did n't realize i was a foreigner on the phone and were surprised when i got there . 
  that probably says more about how little the people there were expecting to hear a foreigner than my chinese skills , but i 'll take any little victory i can get . 
  if you count all the wu varieties , they have more speakers than yue ( cantonese ) , but that 's a little misleading because wu dialects can become unintelligible from one town to the next . 
  whether or not someone has the public 's trust is measurable , surveyable , quantifiable . 
  it 's not an exact science , but it 's not exactly an opinion , either . 
  that 's not too far from how i imagine the finn 's place . 
  at one point 10 + years ago i set up my xbox in the bathroom for a few weeks . 
  i feel your pain . 
  thankfully tablets exist now , so i usually just watch tv or read or play games or whatever . 
  a stand for your tablet so you do n't have to hold it might be a good investment , if you do n't have one already . 
  it 's amazing how much better people understand me on the phone than when they 're looking at my foreign face .
