  i assume it 's mostly because of my looks . 
  i had a few turks in spain switch to german with me because they thought i had a german accent ( apparently i really do , according to other people ) . 
  i even met one who had lived in the same city i had . 
  clearly you 're no linguist . 
  that 's a strong claim i ca n't even begin to see the evidence for . 
  just to see if i 'm understanding you correctly :, 
  republicans - coalition of conservative christians , business interests , and libertarians, 
  democrats - coalition of minority interests , corporate interests , and social democrats, 
  i 'm just winging it , but are these the kind of coalitions you 're talking about ? 
  if so , do you feel like they shifted last election ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  my wife and i speak a mix of english and german in most aspects of life , but not anything romantic . 
  german feels too clinical , somehow . 
  i never had to do a class or take a driving test . 
  my parents signed a paper saying i could drive , i took a written test , and that was pretty much it . 
  my track record is pretty good so far , so i guess it was n't really that big of a deal . 
   in comparison to some peoples expectations of the language or , like me , their misinformed prejudices , the language can indeed sound very romantic . 
  it 's a prejudice either way , whether you think it 's ugly or soft . 
  one is n't necessarily more informed than the other . 
  not really . 
  my high school sports teams did n't allow students to drink cokes , much less alcohol . 
  if you sacrifice your performance for alcohol you 'd sacrifice it for other things , as well . 
  there 's plenty that 's worse for you than alcohol and more available . 
  feudalism was well on the way out by the time the us declared independence . 
  our constitution was written by and for the non-noble merchant class , which was already agitating politically ( and soon after us successfully ) in europe . 
  i would attribute the egalitarianism mostly to the larger impact that socialist ideologies have played in europe 's history over the last 200 years and fascist ideologies in the last 100 . 
  i think early and widespread urbanization and industrialization have a lot to do with why these ideologies arose and resonated like they did in europe . 
  every german knows weizenbier is the best sports drink . 
  that 's why they get videos with titles like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywc13z2swpo ) . 
  the title is * myth : weissbier as a sports drink * . 
  i 'm too lazy to translate it all , but basically he 's from the sports department of the university of cologne and starts with something like * you always hear in the commercials that weizenbier is the best sports drink . 
  commercials are n't always accurate , but in this case i have to say they are . 
  * he goes on to extol the virtues of weizenbier as a sports drink . 
  maybe this is not just a german thing , but i had never heard of it in the usa and cracked up when i first learned it was a thing . 
  of course , the previous comment just made me think of it . 
  it 's still not something i would ever have thought of as a sports drink , though . 
  i learned a language for the sake of a person i was interested in/later a partner . 
  she said she would n't date someone who did n't speak german , so i learned it . 
  it 's a reason to learn a language like any other . 
  i think feeling like you 've wasted time is stupid . 
  just because plans do n't work out does n't mean i wasted time . 
  if things had n't worked out between us , the language would have been just another part of the relationship to be left behind . 
  was i doing what i thought was best at the time ? 
  yes . 
  was i expecting some kind of reward or payment for doing something for someone i cared about ? 
  then i could n't have done any better and it 's not worth worrying about . 
  was it ever any different ? 
  i have the opposite problem . 
  i constantly realize my understanding of words i thought i knew was actually a little bit off because i never bother looking up anything unless i have to . 
  i 've been here for over five years . 
  it 's always been like this . 
  the uk has always taken a very gradualist approach to social change . 
  edmund burke 's reflections on the revolution in france are a great insight into this mindset if you have n't read them . 
  but why ? 
  i chalk it up mostly to the english being english . 
  sure , they had the luxury of being on an island , so there were fewer social upheavals on account of wars . 
  they had far-reaching colonies and holdings , so they could import food and avoid critical unrest due to food or other resource shortage . 
  those are all factors , but mostly they just are n't really into changing things unless they have to . 
  [ this recording ] ( https://forvo.com/word/la/et_tu_brute%3f/#la ) is closer than any english sightspelling you 're going to get . 
  the accent hurts me and i ca n't even hear it . 
  that 's about as close as english speakers will get with english sounds , but it 's definitely not the latin pronunciation . 
  crwcomposer is much closer , as heard in the audio recording i linked in my top-level comment . 
  we talk about hair or fur `` matting '' in english . 
  it mats and turns into dreadlocks . 
  that 's how i 'd describe what happens to pulis . 
  she did n't want a boyfriend who could n't understand her family and friends . 
  she also felt like it was important for me to participate in german culture to understand where she 's coming from . 
  she thought it was just lazy and a sign someone did n't care about her if they did n't even bother trying . 
  there was n't a huge reaction . 
  i 've never really been into making a big deal of asking people out formally . 
  i just tried to find opportunities to hang out with her and let that develop . 
  i tried to subtly show/remind her i was learning german from time to time . 
  we started dating and i ended up visiting germany with her and while my german was n't great , i could get around by myself and have some basic chats with her family , and that seemed to really please her . 
  that was a long time ago now , but it always surprises me when i see couples who ca n't speak each others ' native languages . 
  it 's fine if everyone knows it 's short and just for fun , but i ca n't imagine having a serious relationship with someone who did n't speak english . 
  i used to try to correct people every time this came up here , but it 's just too much hassle . 
  they may one day take more than just linguistics 101 , but for now they 'll militantly enforce generalizations their professor gave with his palm in his face after someone asked if mexicans think trees are men or something . 
  [ it most certainly is . 
  ] ( https://www.fh-muenster.de/gleichstellung/downloads/generisches_maskulinum_stahlberg.pdf ) unless you do n't consider excluding women in your supposedly `` generic '' construction a problem . 
  people will still associate red nouns with men since most nouns with a male natural gender would be red nouns . 
  the sexism would still be there if red nouns are used as a default . 
  i do n't see how anything would change . 
   the confusion here is when linguists somehow forget about anthropology and culture existing, 
  the research on the effects of grammatical gender is often not done by linguists , therefore it 's completely invalid !, 
  last time this conversation came up i literally had a poster here tell me they did n't care what sociologists thought . 
  they may realize it consciously , but women are less likely to apply to job ads when the generic masculine is used . 
  they 're more likely to choose female heroes if you use gender neutral or explicitly inclusive language instead of the default masculine word for hero . 
  edit : nice straw man in your edit . 
  this has nothing to do with `` feeling '' excluded , and everything to do with being able to measure whether women automatically include themselves and other women in generic masculine groups . 
  birmingham, 
  \u6c92\u5728 is more colloquial and \u4e0d\u662f\u5728 is also an acceptable form . 
  i think it 's usually a bit more emphatic than just \u4e0d\u5728 . 
  the chinese course is probably the best course they have . 
  i 've never noticed a mistake in the chinese , and the only mistakes in my super old version were a few sentences of audio that were slightly different than what was written . 
  if you ca n't read it , i ca n't help you . 
  i 'm not that familiar with too much english scholarship on the topic because we do n't have most of these problems . 
  my favorite is when they do n't even know a language with grammatical gender and have access to very little research on the topic , but still feel like they are informed enough to have a worthwhile opinion . 
  at the time the bible was written , it would have been a [ voiced bilabial fricative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiced_bilabial_fricative ) , so somewhere between a / b / and a / v / . 
  here 's the [ reconstructed phonology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koine_greek_phonology#popular_pronunciation.2c_1st_century_.ce.92c_.e2.80.93_2nd_century_ad ) between the first century bc and the second century ad . 
   i love arguing with germans because i go straight to the point , and essentially try to out-blunt their bluntness .
