  but just to play along with the thought experiment , i think they 'd probably find riau malay the easiest . 
   i like the eccentrics that set up camp here . 
  this might be my personal favorite thing about alabama ( i have a lot and it 's hard to pick ) , and it seemed to be the same when i lived in mississippi as well . 
  it 's full of some of the strangest , most bizarre , most interesting people i 've ever met . 
  not just home-grown , either ; we attract them somehow . 
  birds of a feather , i guess . 
  i 've never seen them that concentrated in any other part of the country , or world , for that matter . 
  this thread has given you a lot of the standard conservative response , but if you go talk to pastors/theologians/people who are in some way `` professional '' christians , you 're going to get many more nuanced answers , often resembling what the churches in europe promote . 
  socially i tend to be fairly centrist , so i wo n't claim to answer this as a conservative , but my religious values played an important role in the formation of my economic attitudes , which tend to be very left . 
  ( edit : i have trouble with calling my economic views leftist , but that 's what most americans tell me . 
  communists tell me i 'm fascist . 
  i think i 'm just against economic liberalism ) . 
  just to give you an idea of how crazy this gets in the us , let 's look at one of the most widely-used translations of the bible , the niv ( new international version ) , acts 4.34-35 :, 
   for from time to time those who owned land or houses sold them , brought the money from the sales 35 and put it at the apostles ' feet , and it was distributed to anyone who had need . 
  see that `` from time to time '' ? 
  it 's a complete fabrication . 
  it 's not there in the original greek . 
  check the bible in your own language -- it 's not there !, 
  this is purely an american invention to justify their politics . 
  no , i think the united states is great . 
  the us federal government , on the other hand ... 
  they definitely do evil things , at least . 
  * to kill a mockingbird - harper lee, 
  * their eyes were watching god - zora neale hurston, 
  * as i lay dying - william faulkner, 
  * huckleberry finn - mark twain, 
  * walden - henry david thoreau, 
  depends . 
  if they do a good job , probably nothing . 
  if they do n't do a good job , i 'd join the other rednecks in the woods with my arsenal . 
  would n't be hard because my house is in the woods and half my neighbors think they 're sovereign citizens or some shit already anyways . 
  tl ; dr probably not much . 
  i seriously considered it , but i chose to limit myself to five for some arbitrary reason . 
  it 's definitely a good answer . 
  for me it 's the latter . 
  a lot of english loans in south korean have been borrowed in the last 70 years , and north korean tends to prefer ( more ) native words for new terms for political reasons . 
  [ here 's an interesting video i saw . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym3hnjbxpsw ), 
  this is what i thought a few months ago . 
  i live in europe , and i realized recently that i have become more or less numb to the constant news about terror attacks in europe . 
  i should n't be that way . 
  is the average muslim guy an outright threat ? 
  is a population of muslims of threat ? 
  unfortunately , right now , yeah , it is . 
  i 'm a very pro-2nd-amendment guy in the context of the us , but i 'm very glad guns are n't easy to come by here . 
  oh no , i did n't mean to imply that they were different languages . 
  just that korean spoken in north korea , regardless of which dialect , does n't use many english loan words . 
  badling has a few actual linguists and a * lot * of people who have an extremely simplified understanding of linguistics 101 concepts and/or go looking for things to twist into badling . 
  i just took you at face value and did n't read a sense of superiority or value judgement into your post , which apparently the circle-jerking attack linguists did . 
   unless we overreact to terrorism, 
  we totally do though , do n't we ? 
  the patriot act , for example . 
  theresa may ( not american , but still the west ) called for more internet control and surveillance after the most recent attack in england ( is it still the most recent ? 
  been a couple of days , about time for another one ) . 
  feminists are wearing hijabs , america 's stuck in conflicts in the middle east , our freedoms are being eroded little by little ostensibly to protect against an enemy we ca n't truly defeat . 
  they 'll never defeat us militarily , but the psychological warfare is doing a grand job . 
  not to take away from their great answer and effort , but this is from plutarch . 
  they quoted the source . 
  yes , immigrants often pick up the dialect spoken where they live . 
  my hometown has a lot of guatemalans who , as far as i can tell , have never had any meaningful english instruction . 
  the accents are often half hispanophone , half appalachian . 
  people who visit tell me it sounds weird to them , but it 's natural . 
  you start speaking the way the people around you speak . 
  immigrants in ireland sound more irish after a while , immigrants in england english , australia australian , and so on . 
  i thought it was great , especially since ashley eckstein ( ahsoka 's voice ) read the audiobook . 
  there 's more competition in the job market . 
  the blue collar jobs you can get , even in nice areas , are shittier with lower real wages . 
  apartments are more expensive . 
  healthcare is more expensive . 
  basically the same reasons why generally being a hard worker with an honest job is n't enough to have a good life in the us any more . 
  you spray it on your clothes before you iron them . 
  shake before using . 
  the rest i think is pretty self-explanatory . 
  if you have specific questions i 'll be happy to look through and tell you if they 're answered in the instructions . 
  b\u00fcgel-hilfe is literally iron-help , in case you were wondering . 
  it 's for beautiful , fragrant , and smooth clothes in seconds , according to the bottle . 
  there 's not really a right or a wrong time . 
  the transition is always difficult , so i tend to prefer going to authentic texts as soon as i can . 
  if you 're not sure , after you finish a good textbook is a good time to push yourself out of your comfort zone a bit . 
  you can make it less frustrating by using easier authentic texts , translations of stories you know well , and bilingual texts . 
  from your description , you can easily put in another 100 hours of study before you start worrying about it too much , but there 's no harm in starting now , either . 
   no way , that would just start a flame-war . 
  plus the whole point of esperanto is to bring nationalities together not drive them apart . 
  the point of esperanto is to provide an alternative to cultural imperialism . 
  being proud of your country or loving your country is in every way compatible with that goal . 
  it seems a little weird to me to leave out the ego when drawing a contrast like that . 
  am i just getting interference from another language or is it slightly off in latin , as well ? 
   i want to keep it simple for beginners, 
  i do n't think it would be a bad idea to mix it up . 
  increasing activity from intermediate and advanced speakers is n't a bad thing , either , especially if you can get them to stay for the `` easy '' conversation topics as well . 
  the last thread had multiple '' \u0160ia nomi\u011das _____ '' from people talking about their dogs . 
  more good examples is a good thing . 
   avoid controversial arguments . 
  i guess that 's your prerogative , but controversial topics often lead to more lively discussion and ultimately more language use . 
  improving international understanding sometimes means talking about difficult issues . 
  plus , esperantists are less likely than average to make it aggressive or personal . 
  i think it 's a very americentric/eurocentric view to associate national pride with cultural imperialism . 
  i 'm sensitive about it as an american because we actually have the power to enforce our culture on others , but for people from most countries i think talking about what makes their country great is interesting and educational . 
  even if we 're talking about straight-up nationalism , it 's not the same thing as imperialism . 
  irish nationalism has been a lot of things , but it 's not particularly imperialist .
