  they have kick-ass fire festivals and it * really * pisses off new arrival muslims who take themselves too seriously , so it 's alright in my book . 
  the only thing i know is that once an englishman came and told them their mountain was technically a hill . 
  also , / r/celticunion is n't a big fan . 
  yes , i would be okay . 
  stalin 's ussr and imperial britain were two of the deadliest states to ever exist , but that did n't seem to bother us when it came time to counter the nazis . 
  existential threats are n't the time for moral grandstanding . 
  it 's true that alabama 's got about three times the number of people who have seen ufos than any other state , but most of the people i 've talked to are very anti-alien and did not have a good time if they were abducted . 
  so , no , i 'd say no . 
  plus , everyone knows the federal government and banks and the nazi scientists are collaborating with the aliens , so this whole thing would never happen anyways . 
  what , you think black people do n't see ufos , too ? 
  alabama is a land of equal-opportunity ufo sighting and abduction experiences . 
  if anything having an external threat would put the social problems on the backburner temporarily . 
  my grandfather always told me blacks and whites fighting alongside each other was the best thing that happened to race relations in this country . 
  do n't see why it 'd be different in this hypothetical situation . 
  step 1 : be american, 
  step 2 : go out in public, 
  but in my experience that 's too polite and germans just ignore you unless there are enough people paying attention to shame them . 
  i have the best luck yelling an outraged `` entschuldigung '' , then continue to escalate until they back down . 
  i really hate doing it , but i get things accomplished much faster after starting to handle the situation the way i watched germans handle it . 
  the more eyes you get on the situation the faster the situation resolves itself . 
  my wife refused to speak german with me until i was at least a strong b1 , maybe b2 , except when she was angry or tired . 
  by far the more useful bit was having access to lots of all-german social events and groups and later people through her . 
  atlanta . 
  it 's the ninth biggest metro area already and growing . 
   but leaning a language that does n't even use the same/similar alphabet is so much more difficult . 
  learning the alphabet is the one easiest thing about any language that is n't chinese or japanese . 
  learn the alphabet . 
  use flashcards , use apps , use whatever you want , it does n't matter . 
  it 's just 40 things to memorize , most of which give you a clue about how their pronounced . 
  if you ca n't memorize 40 letters , how are you supposed to memorize thousands of vocab items and grammar points ? 
  let 's be generous and say it takes two days to learn the alphabet . 
  great . 
  it will probably be at least another three years before you 're comfortable/happy with your level of korean . 
  get a textbook . 
  sit down and study for one hour a day . 
  listen to your textbook 's audio as much as possible . 
  maybe listen to something a little lighter like ttmik during laundry hour or whatever . 
  start watching korean shows in your spare time , see how many words you can pick out . 
  you should see some real , appreciable progress after a year of study . 
  it 's pretty easy to pick up the grammar through exposure . 
  it 's probably worth their time to thumb through a conjugation chart or look up object pronouns , but most of it should be pretty clear from lots of example sentences . 
  grammar study is one of those things that does n't matter too much in the end in my experience . 
  some people do it and it helps a lot , other people do n't bother and still end up speaking really well . 
  it just depends on how you learn . 
  i find that mimicking lets me speak spontaneously much more comfortably than grammar study , for example . 
  plus , op is using a grammar exercise book . 
  that said , i do n't really like op 's schedule at all . 
  mostly because they have a bunch of apps and very few activities that i would associate with efficient learning . 
  no l-r , no textbook , no shadowing , no drills , no nothing . 
  just some practice activities and low-effort apps , a bit of grammar exercises , and that 's it . 
  that 's a normal part of the learning process . 
  it just means you have to study more and keep your expectations realistic . 
  korean takes a long time . 
   i 'm struggling to find vocabulary on the net . 
  every time i 've tried my fiancee has said that it 's not quite right . 
  learning or looking up words out of context is always difficult for beginners . 
  keep going through your textbooks and learning vocabulary in context . 
  i could certainly do with less of this . 
  most of these are n't synonyms . 
  maybe they translate to the same english word , but that 's not what a synonym is . 
  i also do n't see why the number of synonyms in the first 70 lines of the iliad would be of interest to us . 
  i had the opposite experience with variety during my short stint in the suburbs . 
  i thought people were really cookie cutter compared to the characters back home in ruralville . 
  still very cheap . 
  i did ancient greek afterwards . 
  it was very enjoyable . 
  eh , i 've been in germany for years and agree with / u/non-rhetorical on this one . 
  western europe is full of countries that have never been on the receiving end of colonialism or imperialism , with few exceptions . 
  the whole `` live free or die '' mindset just does n't exist here . 
  it 's more like `` live in security with punctual coffee and cake time or get really grumpy '' . 
  germans are very appreciative of the liberties they value , but they 're not the same liberties we value . 
  i 've personally found eastern europeans to be far more down to earth and have an easier time making personal connections . 
  i think this has a lot to do with the fact that they do n't live such sanitized lives and have actually had to deal with shit before . 
  the relative lack of liberalism is probably a factor , as well , and related to having real problems . 
  not just as a country , but on a personal level their background tends to be a lot more like mine . 
  the more americans connect to people around the world , the more we are discovering a certain compatibility of values with eastern europeans . 
  on a somewhat related note , i 've been amazed at how many americans do n't realize that gypsies are an ethnic group . 
  `` bohemian '' and `` gypsy '' get thrown around a lot in the us . 
  i did n't see the post , but i do n't see how or why anyone would be advertising for a free , open source program . 
  plus , it 's excitingly awesome if you just learned about it . 
  is liking girls and booze a right-wing thing ? 
  kind of . 
  a/an and one all come from old english * an * , which meant one . 
  esperanto does n't distinguish long and short vowels like latin does . 
  i was at a bar with a canadian who confused everyone by trying to order a stoat . 
  either y' all have an accent or some weird bar snacks up there . 
  there is no such thing as a long and short vowel in spoken or written esperanto unless you bring it in from your native language . 
  using it in poetry would be like giving english lexical tone for poetic purposes . 
  in latin , they mark the long vowels for learners because it was an important distinction in the spoken language that can change the case or even meaning of the word . 
  esperanto has no such thing . 
  i 'm not sure what your qualification for good is , but it 'd be unusual at the very least . 
  stress is usually marked by a slight increase in volume , pitch , and length . 
  elongating the vowel is only [ one of the ways ] ( https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%d0%a3%d0%b4%d0%b0%d1%80%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%b8%d0%b5#.d0.a1.d0.bb.d0.be.d0.b2.d0.b5.d1.81.d0.bd.d0.be.d0.b5_.d1.83.d0.b4.d0.b0.d1.80.d0.b5.d0.bd.d0.b8.d0.b5_.d0.b2_.d1.80.d1.83.d1.81.d1.81.d0.ba.d0.be.d0.bc_.d1.8f.d0.b7.d1.8b.d0.ba.d0.b5 ) stress is realized in russian . 
  there 's also a change in volume and vowel quality . 
  the elongated vowels almost always come with other realizations of stress in esperanto . 
  it 's certainly acceptable , but it is definitely uncommon . 
  looking at how accent is realized in most esperantists ' native languages is a pretty good indicator of how it 's realized in esperanto , as well . 
  i do n't get why everyone here thinks it 's okay to infringe on your vacation because it 's ap . 
  i took ap classes when available , nobody assigned work due during the summer . 
  if they had i would n't have done it .
