  if only jk rowling were more like tolkien . 
  well , the difference between the language of the modern us and canada and chaucer is n't any larger than the difference between egyptian arabic and msa , so i do n't understand your point . 
  shakespeare wrote in modern english , and i 'd be pretty pissed if someone tried to tell me shakespeare did n't speak my language and i do n't speak his . 
  or if i believed ( as some do ) that the kjv is the only true translation of the bible , would you want to tell me that the shakespearesque english within is not my language ? 
  would i want to hear it ? 
  you say chaucer is a different language , but egyptian arabic and quranic arabic are not . 
  i 'm not really sure where you 're coming from . 
  you 'd probably learn some ... uh ... interesting new phrases . 
  if you 're planning on staying in europe , german is the most useful language on the continent besides english . 
  spanish being widely spoken is great and all , but that number is not because of the number of spanish speakers in europe . 
  if you have plans of coming to the americas , i 'd recommend spanish . 
  otherwise , no . 
  also , as a pole , most of the aspects of german which english-speakers find difficult will be quite easy for you . 
  it 's not the easiest language in the world , but i doubt it would be more difficult than spanish for you . 
  bidialectical speakers could certainly code-switch , but speaking different dialects with different people is not an example of this any more than speaking spanish with mexican friends and english with friends from the us . 
  when i speak to other young bidialectical people from appalachia , we sometimes switch back in forth in the same conversation , sometimes in the sme sentence , which a bit more similar to the phenomenon of code-switching between different languages . 
  i think this is more an example of a mixed accent than being bidialectical , but it is pretty interesting . 
  i think he 's talking specifically about the english sound , not the various pronunciations of the letter `` r '' in other languages . 
  which letters are vowels and which consonants vary across languages , so `` r '' could be one thing in english and the other in dutch . 
  awe and or are different vowels even before r-coloring for most americans because of the cot/caught merger . 
  if you have n't seen it already , this guy 's youtube is fantastic . 
  most of his videos are n't aimed at teaching czech , but talking about it and how to learn it . 
  i do n't think it 's possible to learn czech from that ( or any ) youtube channel . 
  we read at least one work of shakespeare every year from 8th to 12th grade . 
  most of the americans i know read quite a bit more shakespeare in school than just romeo and juliet and some sonnets . 
  i watched the whole thing and i 'm not sure which part they wanted me to be upset about . 
  i do n't see why `` everyone is different and will have different successes and failures '' necessarily leads to inequality . 
  of course people are n't the same , and communist society does n't try to make everyone the same . 
  if you define inequality as having different strengths and jobs that cater to those strengths , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  when do we roll our r 's ? 
  i know we flap , but i ca n't think of any words where we normally roll . 
   did n't he already say there was n't an ` h ' anywhere in that diphthong ? 
  diphthong is a combination of two vowel sounds into one , which does n't really fit here . 
  i 'm not really sure what word you 're looking for . 
  digraph ? 
  what kind of things are you wanting to read that you ca n't find in english ? 
  this site is a good place to start ( http://www.korea-dpr.com/e_library.html ) , but assuming you 've already been through there , if you could be a little more specific about what you want to read i might could find some more . 
  hate to give you a boring response , but you 're going to get the most use out of the language you 're the most interested in . 
  you 'll also find it easier than the other languages . 
  from your descriptions , i have no idea which one you 're most interested in . 
  if you 're focused on moving to the netherlands , learn dutch ( it 's the most useful language in the world if you live in the netherlands . 
  do n't listen to the haters ) . 
  if you 're passionate about your music and movies , learn french . 
  it seems like you 've been there done that with german , so i 'd probably not pick german unless you feel a renewed sense of motivation . 
  if you do decide to learn dutch , you 'll find coming back to german will be a lot easier later . 
  in any case , best of luck !, 
  make sure to check out the language-specific subreddits of whatever you decide to do . 
  i believe it 's an american take on * anekdote zur senkung der arbeitsmoral * by heinrich b\u00f6ll , written in 1963 . 
  no , just a fisher and a tourist as far as i remember . 
  agree with your point , but who pronounces them exactly the same ? 
  different last consonant for most people , no ? 
  i 'm not the best person to explain , so here are some previous discussions about it . 
  the comments are especially enlightening . 
  you question one man 's unverifiable story that informs everyone 's view on north korea ? 
  downvotes away !, 
  you mean you do n't like north korean movies ? 
  there are less of them than i 'd like , but there are some quite good ones . 
  imo the best tapas in granada are in the neighborhood near plaza de toros . 
  you can pick your tapas and the portions are substantial . 
  there are also lots of bars in a small area , so you can hop easily . 
  tapas in the more touristy parts of the city tend to be pretty small and vary greatly in quality . 
  some of them are good , but it 's a toss-up . 
  for op , esperanto is a great choice because there are speakers pretty much everywhere and they 're almost always willing to meet up with and help out traveling esperantists . 
  this is a situation where learning esperanto might actually be more practical than a natural language . 
  i disagree about german , though . 
  their level of english in general is not comparable to the netherlands and scandinavia . 
  when monolingual english friends visited while me while i was living there , they had a lot of trouble getting around . 
  the germans are be a little better than the french or spanish with english , but do n't expect too much . 
  if you do n't like esperanto or think it 's useful , that 's fine , but at least make valid criticism instead of your imaginary problems like `` no one grows up learning it as their primary language . '', 
   i 'm pretty sure most linguists would agree with me . 
  go ask them and come back with the answer . 
  how are english and german grammar more similar than english and french ? 
  strong verbs ? 
  what about idioms ? 
  what are you thinking about where german and english are more similar ? 
  i know they 're genetically more closely related , but i find the claim that they 're more similar dubious . 
  maybe i just have n't thought about it enough . 
   plus when one knows one romance language , you can pick up others quite easily . 
  where does this fit into the conversation about greek ? 
   that being said this is a state that let coal mines dictate life expectancy, 
  i think the word `` let '' might be a little strong . 
  more like , the ~ ~ oil ~ ~ coal companies and government bombed wv until it agreed to continue being an internal imperialist playground , where wealthy yankees could come make take out all the money like they do in the rest of appalachia and the south . 
  it 's clear from context that he 's referring to accidence , is n't it ? 
  on the other hand , i think there are plenty of crypto folks who are happy to stay as far away from the stuffy/necktie sectors of finance as possible . 
  more respect from the financial establishment might even be counterproductive to being able to pay for things with no government oversight , interference , and control . 
  rob ford is either clueless or just dgaf ( in addition to being drunk ) , but i think it 's sad that wanting to a learn a nonprestigious language or dialect is so often perceived as a joke or racism . 
  in this case it probably is , but it does n't have to be . 
  i once watched a fairly new korean exchange student in mississippi ask someone if they could teach him how to speak like black people . 
  the person he asked was extremely offended , but wanting to learn how to speak like the people around you seems entirely reasonable to me . 
  seeger was a member of the cpusa at one point and an open socialist . 
  i do n't think semantic shift 's gone so far that that 's not still left . 
  it 's not racist , but it 's sure as hell ignorant to think our language is `` uneducated . '', 
  do you have any articles about the declining number of english speakers ? 
  that seems reasonable , but i 've never heard anything about it . 
  i 'm not so sure it 's the same everywhere . 
  i think the corollary of / u/adaneinspain 's comment is that cities with more transients are more likely to be welcoming and easily accessible to outsiders . 
  this has certainly been true in my experience . 
  i agree with pretty much everything except the low cost of living part , but i 'm not from the uk so maybe it 's just really expensive there . 
  i 'm in andalucia too , and your prices are right , but my reaction is `` that 's a bit pricy , '' not the other way around . 
  also not so sure about the weather , but that 's relative too .
