  i 'll answer from my experience , but i 'm sure some of it might not be applicable to your particular situation . 
   what system should i choose ? 
  there 's not a best option , because learning materials are overwhelming catered towards either children , averagely-educated students , or businessmen ( with a smattering for tourists ) . 
  no one writes books for people who ca n't pay for them . 
  where i was , we wrote all the english lessons in house , there was very little emphasis on the written language ( at the beginning ) , and used lots of real life situations . 
  it was a boarding school , so it might be harder to create a real use for english in your classes , but definitely use lots of interesting native material . 
  easier said than done . 
   is it possible to find free books and learning materials for the kids given the fact that they can not afford them ? 
  we did n't use english textbooks , but we got lots of donations for other subjects . 
  i do n't know how easy finding donors in bulgaria is . 
  if it 's not doable , i 'm sure some church in the usa would love to tell people they 're sponsoring bulgarian orphans ' education for a price as modest as a few books . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't much care for that whole system , but books are books . 
   how intensive should the teaching be ? 
  totally depends on the kids and the teaching . 
  it also depends on how long they 'll be in class . 
  change how intense your teaching style is to match the interest level and time commitment of the students . 
  sorry , i know that 's a vague answer , but without knowing the students i ca n't really give more specific advice . 
  that sounds like it could be a good time . 
  have fun !, 
  similar thing happened in china recently . 
  group of people killed a woman in a mcdonald 's , and no one stopped it . 
  it 's not just western society . 
  if anything , it 's capitalist society , but i 'm not convinced it 's not just a human problem . 
  it says \u52a0\u6cb9 \uff0c which is something you would say to cheer for someone , kind of like `` let 's go ! '', 
  i 'm a native speaker and pronounce walk with an l , as do most of the people i know ( southern appalachian english speaker , but i also hear it pronounced with an l in some rap songs , so it 's probably a feature across a few dialects in the southern us . ), 
  but yes , bad pronunciation is one of the biggest hindrances to listening . 
  and the useful corollary is that listening is a good way to improve your pronunciation . 
  if you can hear your mistakes yourself , it 's a lot easier to correct . 
  i 'm really surprised it 's not higher than number 10 . 
  actually , i 'm a little skeptical about the whole list because there 's no jimmy buffet . 
  that 's more or less what i do . 
  i only put words into anki when i feel like it though . 
  i generally only bother putting in paragraphs with lots of useful vocab so i can create cloze cards . 
  also , i generally read chapter in l1 , chapter in l2 , but it depends on a lot of factors . 
  try page by page , paragraph by paragraph , chapter by chapter , and see what works best for you . 
  i struggled a lot with adjective declension . 
  the thing that helped me most was canoo.net , which you probably already know . 
  when you 're unsure about how to decline an adjective ( or noun , or article , or conjugate a verb , whatever ) , search for the word and then click `` wortformen '' . 
  eventually i started recognizing the patterns and not having to look up the differences between starke flexion and gemischte flexion any more . 
  good luck !, 
  like others said , carrying a notebook is a great idea . 
  i always write things down i see on signs or after conversations . 
  you 're going to learn a lot being immersed as long as you do n't retreat into english bubbleland . 
  the advice i wish someone had told me is to use your time in germany to set up your time after immersion . 
  make friends you 'll talk to often after you leave , become involved in activities you can keep up with , figure out the kind of websites your german friends spend time on . 
  unlike some other commenters , i do n't think you 'll have much trouble getting people to speak german with you unless you 're in berlin . 
  a lot of germans see asking someone where they 're from right off the bat as impolite , and unless communication is really impossible , will just keep trying in german . 
  when i moved to germany , i could hardly speak any german ( a2 on a good day ) , and i had a grand total of one person switch to english with me , after i told him i did n't know how to talk about warhammer 40k in german . 
  everyone just kind of went on about their business and did n't make a big deal out of me stumbling through the german i had looked up right before i left the apartment . 
  i mean , tons of turks and poles come here knowing little german and no one babies them or speaks english with them . 
  why would you be any different ? 
  just act casual and try to blend in . 
  in my experience , if you do n't make a big deal of your imperfect german , no one else will . 
  if you only speak english , esperanto is easier . 
  it 's completely regular , easier to pronounce , has more transparent vocabulary past the most basic words , and has better learning resources . 
  if you also know german or dutch , it 's harder to get easier than afrikaans . 
  cassandra steen is pretty good and has pretty slow songs . 
  check out this song , for example . 
  do not expect to find granadinos or granadinas who speak english , especially outside of the big tourist areas . 
  grocery store ? 
  post office ? 
  you 're dreaming . 
  on the other hand , if you need to ask for advice on the street , there are tons of ( mostly british , german , and french ) foreigners who live there and they 're easy to pick out . 
  ( the typical foreigner hangouts are walking into realejo from the statue of isabela la cat\u00f3lica . ), 
  the average granadin @ hates gypsies more than any racism i have ever experienced , but they 're not generally violent about it . 
  there are some negative attitudes about romanians , like any mostly working-class immigrant group , but it 's not worse than you 'd expect . 
  try not to be confused for roma ( doubt that happens , though ) . 
  more assorted tips , with lots of personal bias :, 
  the best place to get tapas is behind plaza de toro . 
  tapas in centro and albaicin tend to be pretty small . 
  be prepared for the fascism . 
  it 's totally normal to see churches hosting groups of neo-nazis for franco 's birthday , books about franco 's theoretical contributions prominently displayed in the bookstores , etc. 
  my favorite place for a quiet tea and crepe , and a nice chat is mil y una noches , in realejo . 
  ( added bonus , the guy who runs the place speaks like five languages , english and french among them ), 
  if you rent , do n't expect to get your deposit back . 
  la qarmita is a nice cafe/bookstore with fun events , book readings , etc. 
  try to make friends with people who know when there 's live music . 
  the quality of some of granada 's local groups are pretty good , but i never found a good place to keep up with what 's going on where online . 
  granadin@s are famous for their bad attitude ( malafoll\u00e1 , grumpiness kind of ) and can get offended in record time . 
  do n't take it personally when people tell you they shat in your mother 's grave . 
  granada is quite possibly the safest place you 'll ever live . 
  walking around at night is really common , and the streets are rarely empty . 
  i was often told not to go to `` x '' because the gypsies will shank you and take your money , but it 's all pretty safe . 
  i 'm not sure abbalab 's concerns are unfounded . 
  look at doctors in [ hungary ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2011/08/22/hungary-unsuccessful-in-stopping-exodus-of-underpaid-doctors/ ) , for example . 
  brain drain is an issue within the capitalist world , as well . 
  there will be people who want to get the highest price for their skills , which is why i think early revolutions need ( ed ) the stricter emigration policies . 
  i found that article a bit incoherent . 
  why is learning a language for `` shared history '' better than economy ? 
  why can we learn french to `` appreciate the culture , '' but not chinese ? 
  and how is encouraging spanish in ( i 'm guessing british ) schools less economically motivated than chinese ? 
  good article ? 
  linguists do n't want children to learn german ? 
  i do n't remember reading that . 
  all i heard was mr. heine 's paraphrasing . 
  also , ctrl + f the article for `` offenbar '' , which is mr. heine code for `` i 'm pulling this out of my ass . '', 
  really ? 
  thanks for your expert opinion , mr. heine . 
  i have n't read the study , and i only got the quotes the linguists he gave , but i think our dear mr. heine is projecting a bit . 
  `` klassische linke onkel-tom-strategie '',
