  however , i see a lot of people online try to write things that are way above their level . 
  in spanish , maybe an english speaker with a dictionary is kind of understandable , but if you overshoot your chinese ability too much as a beginner , it gets completely unintelligible really quickly . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/chineselanguage/comments/2zy607/tips_on_being_a_better_writer/ ) 's an example of what i mean . 
  and there 's a great response and explanation in the comments , as well , which says it much better than i could . 
  i learned most everything through flashcards before coming to china . 
  individual words , sentences , using them with audio to be dictation exercises , understanding tv shows , etc. 
  are they always the best choice ? 
  no , but they 're certainly not useless , either . 
  i also ca n't imagine the creator of anki making bank by pushing the software , but maybe they 're taking us all for a ride . 
  who knows . 
  computerized cards are probably a little too uninteresting to be useful for kids , so in your position , i would n't use them either . 
  since i was thinking of posting a thread along the same lines , i 'll just ask here . 
  does anyone know a good list of chinese basketball terms and english equivalents ? 
  it would make pick-up games a lot easier . 
  weird , i 'm in the same boat . 
  i successfully cut down to just a few cigarettes a day , but going from just 2-4 a day to zero makes me flare up , and it does n't seem to get better even after weeks with no cigarettes at all . 
  i wish i knew why . 
  maybe stress is worse than smoking ? 
  no idea . 
  greece has one as well . 
  it seems to be a pretty common trend for nationalist movements . 
  a few years ago ( 5ish ? 
  ) , iceland had a program i was interested in offering scholarships to foreigners to come do a master 's in medieval icelandic studies , including classes on icelandic and old norse . 
  i 'm not sure if it is still the case , but you might want to look into it . 
  if they get married in china , the marriage is recognized nowhere . 
  if they get married in california , their marriage is legally recognized somewhere . 
  that 's important for some people . 
  check them out first . 
  \u7ec8\u6781\u5c11\u5973 also felt like a mix between live action manga/kdrama for some reason , but i did n't like it too much . 
  it 's more distinctly chinese than the others , but you might like it . 
  what exactly makes kdramas kdramas to you ? 
  if you can be more specific , i might be able to give better suggestions . 
  i started watching cdramas/twdramas and kdramas at about the same time , so the genres bleed together for me . 
  as far as the bad acting goes , it 's getting better , but do n't expect to find shows with actors as good as korea . 
  there 's a reason chinese people watch so many kdramas . 
  i just watched that last night , and also strongly recommend it , 
  how different is the korean version ? 
  haha , so like cdramas , just better in every way . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't help you there . 
  everyone i know uses the full keyboard , or if they 're older , handwriting input . 
  i have n't seen anyone use the 9 button layout on a smartphone . 
   people are only dumb because they 're being made dumb by lizard-controlled media . 
  when lizards run everything they just want obedient slaves , not people who understand the world around them . 
  ftfy, 
  just as an example from last night , our waitress was wearing caked on make-up and had obviously put a lot of effort into her appearance . 
  the chinese guys i was with were unanimous in calling her \u6f02\u4eae \u3002 that 's not to say that you 're incorrect , but at least it 's not a hard and fast rule . 
  can we just call it a variety of chinese and avoid the political bickering ? 
  to answer your question , in chinese i call it a \u65b9\u8a00 because that 's what i usually hear it called , but i also know that if china were europe , it would be called a language . 
  but china is china , not europe , so i just go with it . 
  the assimil latin course uses extremely french pronunciation . 
  it 's an okay course , but i probably would n't bother with the audio . 
  also , i ca n't recommend wheelock 's strongly enough . 
  it 's just a solid book all around , and there 's a reader that comes with it as well . 
  i bought one in spain from the german ebay for about 70 euros . 
  it was by no means a great banjo , but not bad considering it was only 70 euros . 
  in my search , i found more banjos on german and uk versions of ebay , but the ones from germany are cheaper than anything i could find in spain , even including shipping . 
  i have been teaching for about four years now , and i love it . 
  maybe i 'll go back to the us and teach spanish instead of english at some point , but i do n't really ever see myself not being a teacher . 
  or i could just stay in china forever . 
  if you find a good job and speak enough chinese to have a social life , it 's a pretty kickass place . 
  or at least it suits me well enough . 
   for example some people said that they tend to be more confident or polite or angry or rude in one language than the other . 
  i see this more as a benefit than a problem . 
  acting like the boisterous , fat ( in spirit ) american i am does n't work in germany . 
  so i act german when i speak german . 
  it 's still me , and my personality . 
  it 's just me through a different culture 's lens . 
  i even have a different personality and way of interacting when i speak standard english compared to appalachian . 
  different behavior is appropriate in different places at different times . 
  the only situation where i think you really have to worry about not being yourself is in the beginner/low intermediate stages , when you are blindly parroting what other people say without understanding the implications . 
  say you 're learning english , so you get a girlfriend and talk to her a lot , and start using uptalk and vocal fry all the time . 
  if you 're a guy , that might not sound right . 
  but as you get better , you grow out of the big problems like that . 
  having friends that know you well can help you iron out any lingering problems . 
  me and a few other men i know , all feminists , were involved with men 's rights at some point . 
  there was a mass exodus maybe four or so years ago where 90 % + of the people who could be called `` progressive '' on gender issues bailed . 
  i used to think it was another angle to approach gender equality and a good complement to more woman-centered feminism , as a way to encourage men to think critically about gender and fight against the negative impact traditional gender roles can have on all our lives . 
  that 's certainly not how it turned out . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand what you mean , but if your recommendation is to talk to people who speak your target language but not your native language , then i agree . 
  right now i 'm trading guitar lessons for chinese practice , and it 's way better than finding someone trying to learn english . 
  i get to use chinese the whole time , and i am helping the other person too , so i do n't feel like too much of a leech . 
  if you 're downloading . exe 's , you 're probably clicking on the wrong link . 
  you need to download the . torrent files , or use a program like qbittorrent to open the magnet link . 
   the e.u. 
  is an amazing idea that can only help the world he more united instead of fractured into 5000 weak , powerless coubtries . 
  it can help europe be more united , and hold on to their relative power on the global stage . 
  the benefit for people outside of europe , or in the poor areas of europe that get exploited for labor , is minimal at best . 
  and look at gandhi !, 
  india was liberated from british rule without any armed resistance at all . 
  my favorite are high school students . 
  they are as smart as adults , not as jaded/busy/distracted , and still in the process of shaping their identity . 
  all in all pretty fun . 
  college students are a close second . 
  adults classes are really hit or miss , in my experience . 
  teaching all-day intensive classes for immigrants funded by the employment agency in germany was some of the best classes i 've had . 
  teaching groups of suits in the power tool industry or something can be painful , especially if their boss is taking classes with them or the classes are on site at the company . 
  y' all is used as a formal pronoun in retail or at restaurants , things like that . 
  you 'd never singular-y ` all a boss or something , though , so it 's not a formal pronoun in the way usted ( spanish ) or sie ( german ) is . 
  it told me i was from essen . 
  i learned german in dortmund .
