  i think of watching tv as something i do in my free time to support my study . 
  same thing with reading without listening . 
  at advanced levels it 's really useful , but as a beginner/intermediate there 's no excuse for not putting audio with it . 
   i do n't think there is a sadder picture than a prostitute , with an already fucked up life as it is , being arrested . 
  how many prostitutes were arrested in this operation ? 
  stop it , your facts might make redditors [ feel bad ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ) about buying rights to a woman 's body because they feel entitled to get their dicks wet . 
  it 's legalized in germany . 
  [ pimps ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ) are still a huge problem . 
  exploitative bosses are n't going to take up a different profession when theirs becomes legal . 
   a sex worker is better than lying to some woman that you want more . 
  or you could not pay other people for access to their body * and * not lie to women . 
  it 's not like you have to choose one or the other . 
   yet another massive waste of our tax dollars . 
  they did n't let them walk away for free . 
  lots of men with disposable cash in one place . 
  mostly because there 's an influx of ( drunk ) men with money to spend wanting to have a good time . 
  both are islands with high qols . 
  compare that to legalization in mainland europe , where it 's led to an increase in trafficking and made it harder to target abusive pimps . 
   going without sex or any physical contact has serious issues associated with it . 
  what kind of issues . 
   consenting adults, 
  89 % of prostitutes want to escape prostitution . 
  that 's not consenting enough for me . 
  `` prostitution and trafficking in nine countries : an update on violence and posttraumatic stress disorder . '', 
  journal of trauma practice , vol . 
  3/4 : 33-74 ; and farley , melissa . 
  prostitution , trafficking , and traumatic stress . 
  haworth press , new york . 
  ] ( http://www.prostitutionresearch.com/pdf/prostitutionin9countries.pdf ), 
  yes , you 're absolutely right . 
  feeling entitled means you think you have a right to have sex , which entails feeling a right to women 's bodies . 
  this is fundamentally a gendered problem , and i 'm not going to expand every sentence to encompass every single group it affects . 
  i use women because that 's who is affected the most . 
  demand for prostitutes comes overwhelmingly from men , and it is mostly women who are affected by it . 
  prostitutes can be men and trans people as well , but the root of the problem is still male demand either way . 
  edit : finally found some numbers . 
  i 'm not sure about other countries , but in germany , about 7 % of prostitutes are men and 3 % are transsexual ( that 's the word they used in german , not sure if it 's the most appropriate word in english in this case ) . 
   you need to understand what `` consenting '' means . 
  the good ole reddit `` we disagree so you do n't understand '' . 
  i do n't find capitalism particularly consensual , either . 
  being forced to sell your time so someone else can make money sucks . 
  there is , however , a difference between selling your time and selling your body . 
  the article i linked included women from countries with legalized prostitution in the sample . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ) is an article specifically about a country with legalized prostitution . 
  i can not support an industry which abuses , tricks , and coerces such a large number of its `` employees '' . 
  right now most less desirable jobs do that to an extent , but not as much as prostitution . 
   first , the whole `` crumbling infrastructure '' trope is largely a political ploy . 
  may be , but the bridge that leads to my house went out twenty years ago and never got replaced . 
  every gps still tries to lead people that way . 
  one of the other two bridges went out a couple of years ago , so now there 's only one bridge leading from the main road over to the road my house is on , and i 'd be scared to walk over it . 
  it 's just some old planks . 
  i know you addressed this , but people live in rural areas too . 
  appeals to fix infrastructure are pretty strong when everything is crumbling around you . 
  a hundred of these bridges may not be that important compared to a bridge in a big city , but we should all be able to have our basic infrastructural needs met . 
  we differ mostly by what we define as consensual . 
  i do n't want to criminalize consensual sex , either . 
  apply the nap at a class level , not just individuals , and that 's why i do n't think it 's consensual . 
  i 'm using the terms i mean to use , and i do n't think any of them are confused . 
  i 'm okay with them being different than the way ancaps use the terms . 
  if anything my area has gotten more populated since the bridges went out . 
  it 's the cheapest place to live for miles around , you can barely give away property , so jobless people from the city move up . 
  a couple of trailer parks have opened to fill that need as well . 
  gas prices to the city are n't so bad if you are n't working there . 
  i 'm very skeptical of people saying rural bridges do n't need to be replaced . 
  i 'm sure there are some that do n't need to be replaced , but people say that about my area too , and i see it as just another example about how no government in the us gives a shit about poor rural communities . 
  there are groups fighting for every other marginalized group in the us , how come no one cares about appealing to us ? 
  i 'm aware that i have a particular bias on this , but since this is askanamerican , it 's probably worth putting it out there , especially given the role that alienated rural voters played in this election . 
  i lived in texas for a while and they have great roads . 
  the best roads . 
  except i-10 . 
  sad !, 
  i have n't been there in forever , though . 
  maybe it 's better now . 
  texas still has overall the best roads i 've driven on in the us . 
  worst drivers , though . 
  reading without audio helps too , but even for languages with a shallow orthography like spanish , there 's so much that 's not encoded in writing . 
  plus , the time could be spent practicing listening , too . 
  were you getting lots of listening practice from other sources ? 
  because in that case the need for audiobooks would be much lower . 
  i 'd still say it 's more efficient , though . 
  [ no ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=shallow+orthography ) . 
  it 's a big concern . 
  not just the sewers , either . 
  remember [ what happened to jackson ] ( http://www.jacksonfreepress.com/news/2010/jan/11/water-emergency-in-jackson/ ) in 2010 . 
  100-year-old pipes all broke at the same time and the city did n't have water for a week . 
  they had to close schools and call a state of emergency . 
  walmart ran out of water . 
  people were fleeing to places that did have running water . 
  all in all it was a shitshow . 
  if you think you have the right to have sex with people , you 're entitled . 
  some people take it by physical coercion . 
  some people use economic coercion targeting women who need money ( 89 % of prostitutes do n't want to be prostitutes ) . 
  buying it does n't change how entitled the behavior is . 
  that makes sense about the listening and watching . 
  i usually go hard towards intensive or extensive . 
  so either subs2srs or never pause and maybe look up some stuff on your phone if you think you have to . 
  the first i 'd consider studying , the second i would n't . 
   i think that is the method preferred by most to hit all their bases . 
  this is going to come off as more contrary than i mean it , but why do you think that ? 
  since i study at home , i do n't know much about how other people study besides the conversation here and other forums and what people post on youtube .
