  is a hindu psycho-spiritual technique of mind power . 
  do n't forget anti-interracial marriage . 
  that 's only true in the united states . 
  in most places , libertarianism is lumped in with socialism . 
  just to clarify , frisian is not closer to danish genetically , but rather because of the influence danish had on the language . 
  roughly defined , i 'd say it means related by descent from a common ancestor language through ( to continue the biological metaphor ) speciation . 
  stalin and mao are horribly misrepresented . 
  that you ca n't see it just shows the power the capitalist propaganda machine has on everyone , even those who oppose it . 
  neither this example nor the example in the op sound ungrammatical to me at all . 
  `` she 'll have a vanilla and i 'll have a strawberry '' sounds fine too . 
  native speaker . 
  it 's much better than the capitalist propaganda machine most of the things we `` know '' came from . 
  what 's sad is that there are so many capitalist apologists here on / r/socialism that i did n't realize i was on / r/funny while reading the comments . 
  in addition , it puts a leftist face on something everyone loves , which in itself is enough to make the people who hate us most question what they know about socialists . 
  what is the `` conventional definition '' of fluency ? 
  it 's easy and has a nice community which is active on the internet . 
  that makes a pretty attractive language . 
  fish server is the most active , i believe . 
  i hear that constantly . 
  i 'll use examples i heard today :, 
  `` the dogs was walkin back to the house '', 
  `` well , your goats was out , thought you might could use some help . '', 
  `` he and sheryl 's comin back soon . 
  he flowed back to virginia last week . '', 
  ( i included this one especially because i love the sometimes wonky past tense regularization that happens here . 
  sometimes it ends up not quite so regular . ), 
  seems to be concentrated around speakers with less education , but i 'm not sure . 
  til i ca n't speak any languages . 
  i envy the enlightened place in which you live . 
  even 57 % of east germans look favorably on the ddr . 
  i live in alabama . 
  `` oh my science '' , `` science damn it '' , `` mother of science '' i like this line of thinking . 
   depends which stephano shows up tonight, 
  this . 
  he definitely has the skill to make it out of the group , but i 'm worried about him pulling a nestea . 
  mystery + starcraft, 
  sounds like a great combo . 
  stephano fighting !, 
  they have an astoundingly low gun crime rate , though , and their murder rate is comparable to the rest of europe and about 25 % of what the us 's murder rate is . 
  i dislike gun control because it keeps power out of the hands of the workers , but if we 're talking about crime statistics , which should be a sidenote at best in this discussion , let 's try to be more comprehensive . 
  on teamliquid.net , there 's a section on the right side of the homepage with tournaments that are currently live or coming up . 
  this subreddit is also a good place to see what events are going on . 
  you could also consider joining a religious community like the uu . 
  even in the bible belt , there 's usually one within driving distance . 
  that way , your child can grow up with a `` church '' experience ( which i would argue is a very important part of the culture here ) , but without all the dogmatism and zealots . 
  this will probably help with # 3 as well , because there will be more people than just you encouraging honest skepticism in the child . 
  i just finished watching starcraft on my tv sitting on a couch . 
  am i jesus ? 
  i completely agree . 
  i actually learned simplified first , but after a certain point it 's very easy to pick up traditional characters . 
  like you said , the changes are mostly systematic . 
  do you see yourself interacting more with chinese/singapore media or taiwanese media ? 
  ( i left out hong kong because it 's more cantonese stuff ; i 'm assuming you want to learn mandarin ) . 
  the only difference in difficulty is that simplified is easier to write by hand . 
  they 're both equally easy to remember and read/type . 
  i learned simplified first because i was more interested in chinese culture , but i picked up traditional characters with very little effort . 
  ultimately , after you spend enough time learning chinese , you 'll almost inevitably end up knowing both . 
  it 's just too easy not to . 
  the question is just what you want to study to get to that point , and it does n't matter all that much . 
  learn whatever you 'll be more interested in using quickly . 
  no , my id card says alabama and i do n't have access to the same education as a new yorker . 
  actually reading the bible was the beginning of my path towards getting out of that religion . 
  he 's young , but he 's probably smart enough to see the evil in it . 
   theism necessitates the idea that a deity actively affects the world . 
  here 's one counter example :, 
   deism holds that god does not intervene with the functioning of the natural world in any way, 
  once again , after seeing how many apologists for men 's rights , patriarchy , and oppression call themselves socialists , i 'm disgusted , and glad that this is discouraged in / r/communism . 
  men 's rights is nothing but a reaction against feminism and the fight against patriarchy , which oppresses us all . 
  it 's the kind of reactionary thinking that has no place in a socialist society - and no room for its apologists , either . 
  it 's ok , we 've got yoda . 
  it 's easier to go german to dutch than the other way around , but if you need to learn dutch fast , there 's no substitute for studying dutch . 
  i would study both if i had the time . 
  maybe focus on increasing your passive skills in dutch while you finish the german course , then training your production skills . 
  no , people who receive tips have a minimum wage of $ 2.13 , more if their tips do n't get them up to $ 7.25 . 
  we just have more people living in poverty without access to basic services than we admit . 
  well , who decides what is a `` sport '' and what is not ? 
  i was under the impression that it was already a professional sport . 
  what do you mean `` were '' ? 
  you 're correct , but irrelevant . 
  if they get into mainstream politics , they go republican . 
  and there are still lots of them . 
  shit , i ran into three the last time i went to walmart . 
  they 're actually not too bad . 
  some of them were popular in yugoslavia during the cold war . 
  here 's a list of a few :, 
  a schoolgirl 's diary | our lifeline | pyongyang nalpharam | from 5pm to 5am | order no . 
  027 ( i particularly liked this one ) | the flower girl, 
  they 're available on the internet through torrents if you 're interested . 
  genetically that may be true , but spanish shares much more mutual intelligibility with italian than french . 
  in fact , french does n't share much mutual intelligibility with any of the other languages as far as i can tell . 
  in the written language the difference is n't as vast , but in the spoken language , other romance languages wo n't help much . 
  there is a precedent for calling languages with similar or lesser degrees of mutual intelligibility dialects , so i would n't dismiss that naming system as too `` misinformed . '', 
  in addition , calling parts of historical dialect continuum a dialect is n't terribly unreasonable . 
  make your ideas sound like theirs . 
  the core desires of most communists are those of most people , especially the working class . 
  everyone likes `` freedom '' , so use that word a lot . 
  we believe in lots of freedom : freedom from oppression , freedom from alienation , freedom from wage labor , going paycheck to paycheck . 
  in my area , people talk a lot about overthrowing the government , especially after the whole gun control issue . 
  they may be radical conservatives/right libertarians , but we both want to change the government to reflect and empower the people , not the elite ( i would usually say capitalists , they say elite so i use their terminology ) . 
  it 's easy to find common ground with working class people who want a better life for themselves .
