  build a feeling of political camaraderie . 
  start dropping more and more socialism in , but do n't name it . 
  when they say ridiculous racist shit about welfare , deflect and start talking about the real problems that lead to poverty and crime . 
  head-on confrontation would make me feel better about myself , but it 's often not the most effective choice . 
  eventually they 'll catch on or you drop the s word ( or hard mode : c word ) , and they 'll likely at least have to question their media-informed view of what socialism is . 
  some people 's racism and general shittiness runs too deep , but a lot of american conservatives are prime candidates to radicalize : normal , working class people with an anti-government streak who have been fed distortions and lies about who 's to blame for the problems they see in their lives . 
  if their problem is black people , there 's not much you can do besides shame them , i 'm afraid , but it 's still a small portion of people that will consciously say something like that . 
  if none of that is applicable , and it looks like the person you 're talking about is a proper asshole so it 's not , i recommend whiskey . 
   i 'm at the stage where i just want to find an island somewhere and never have to see another right winger for the rest of my life . 
  i know that feeling . 
  mi uzas acer cloudbook-on kun ubuntu . 
   there are specific criteria for determining whether something is `` gendered '' in linguistics . 
  broadly speaking , that simply has to do with whether it triggers any specific grammatical forms . 
  things can be gendered without being grammatically gendered . 
  linguistics is n't the only consideration when discussing sexism . 
  i do n't use you guys natively . 
  the first time i met someone who did use it to refer to women , it was jarring . 
  for me and my speech community , `` guy '' is still gendered in that it refers to people of a particular gender , despite it not being gendered grammatically . 
   but i do n't think linguistics has anything to say on the matter , unless linguistics has as its domain all talk about any aspects of language anywhere . 
  you are entirely correct . 
  for some reason , probably because this is a sub full of linguists , there is a lot of `` this is n't sexist because there 's no linguistic reason it 's sexist '' going on in this thread . 
  this sub is all about making fun of people who know nothing about linguistics talking about linguistics anyway . 
  right now , this thread is full of people who do n't know enough about gender issues but think they 're qualified to talk about it anyway and make broad statements based on their perspective as linguists . 
  which is a good and important perspective , but it 's just one small slice of the pie . 
  in my dialect , guys still refers to men . 
  a woman is not a guy . 
  `` you guys '' is not really a thing , and when we hear it , we parse the second word as the plural of `` guy '' . 
  that means it 's gendered . 
  not grammatically gendered , but gendered nonetheless . 
  this is why some people have problems with it . 
  there 's nothing false about the belief that it 's gendered ; they 're just not using the term to refer to grammatical gender . 
  you can argue that they should n't tell other people what they should and should n't say , that they should respect words that have become gender neutral in other dialects , or whatever , but do n't dismiss the way they internalized their language from the get-go . 
  there are plenty of similar studies on the use of the generic masculine in german and how women do n't feel included when it 's used . 
  there 's no reason we could n't replicate the studies with `` you guys '' to see if we 're dealing with the same situation . 
   / ` gajz / is not the same word as / ` yugajz /, 
  / ` yugajz / does n't exist in my dialect . 
   but you 're relying on etymology and orthography ,, 
  i would be if the word existed in my dialect . 
  but it does n't , which is why i said we parse it as the plural of the word guy . 
   and to say it `` is not really a thing '' when it is used by most north american english speakers as a gender neutral second person plural pronoun is silly . 
  where i 'm from , it 's not . 
  y' all is dominant . 
  some old people say youse or you'uns . 
  i still remember the first time i noticed it when my school had a substitute teacher who was originally from somewhere up north , new york i think . 
  i was not the only one in class who thought it was odd . 
   grammatical gender is the only kind of gender that linguistics deals with . 
  you 're talking about your personal perception of etymology and social gender , which is not science , and is definitely not linguistics . 
  people 's personal responses to words are certainly a part of sociology and sociolinguistics . 
  i do n't know how most people see you guys , but i think there need to be some studies similar to those done on the generic plural masculine in other languages to see if it impacts how included women feel when the word is used . 
  before we do/see those studies , talking about whether it 's `` sexist '' or not is just he said she said . 
   but this is a subreddit that is literally dedicated to mocking people who conflate their subjective perceptions with linguistic fact which is exactly what you 're doing . 
  and you 're arguing it 's not sexist because it 's a different lexical unit , without any studies on how it affects women . 
  bad sociology ? 
  bad gender studies ? 
   linguistically , / ` jugajz / is not gendered because it does not select for gender . 
  i 've never contradicted that , but pointed out that linguistics is n't the only field ( or science , even ) with a stake in this discussion . 
   what you are saying is the opposite of an `` internalized '' view of language . 
  and it does not happen `` from the get-go '' but only after a child becomes familiar with society 's view of gender roles . 
  i did n't internalize my understanding of how my language represents natural gender as a child ? 
  unlikely . 
   no north american child grows up thinking that / ` jugajz / does n't apply to women, 
  maybe not nowadays , but i 'm not a child . 
   if you can find one example of a child having internalized / ` jugajz / as selecting for gender , i 'll personally dress up as a wug , prostrate myself and ask for forgiveness before an effigy of chomsky and post the video on youtube . 
  do they have to be a child now ? 
   your argument is now essentially that your idiolect mistranslates a feature of a dialect that is not your own . 
  this was always what i was saying . 
  i think that many other people are in the same situation , judging by the pushback against the word . 
   how do you measure how someone feels ? 
  there have been some nice german studies that analyzed how many women respond to job ads written in varying plurals ( generic masculine , explicit masculine/feminine , truly non-gendered from verb stem ) . 
  something like that would be a good way to measure how women how women feel about you guys , too . 
   i 'm not talking about sexism at all . 
  you 're right , you were talking about whether the word is gendered . 
   i 'm only talking about the fact that / ` jugajz / does not select for gender in the dialects where that is the second person plural pronoun . 
  you contradicted someone who said that even if it 's not gendered for you , it can still be gendered to the people listening . 
  that did n't sound like you were limiting it to certain dialects . 
   you 're in a subreddit dedicated to linguistics and i 'm frankly not interested in what other fields have to say about the meaning of `` gender '' in linguistics . 
  you also claimed that people were falsely thinking a word was gendered . 
  clearly the claim is not that the word has grammatical gender , so why even bother contradicting them ? 
  it really came off to me like you were pushing the linguistic usage of the word gender into spaces where it was n't the most relevant , but i could have misinterpreted that . 
   you stated that it is gendered . 
  if you 're making the argument that it was gendered , that is a different argument . 
  it is gendered for some people . 
  it 's not for other people who use it natively as a second person plural . 
  as long as people who do n't parse it as one word are still a part of the speech community , i 'd say it still * is * gendered , at least for them . 
  they 're asserting their superiority over people who have different reasons and goals for learning languages than they do . 
   i hate partying ( ca n't drink , like getting up early ) , so maybe somewhere else would be a better choice ? 
  i 'm afraid `` not china '' would be the better choice . 
  i 'd be okay if i never smelled baijiu again , and i did n't even drink it more than a couple of times . 
  in a t4 city with 10 foreigners , you can still live in a bubble if you want to . 
  i 've only visited beijing , but outside of tiananmen and wangfujing , i had no one try to talk to me or switch to english . 
  there 's no shortage of opportunities to use your chinese if you want . 
  i did n't go to any schools , so my experience was different , but if i had it to do over again , i would have gone to a bigger city . 
  maybe somewhere like hohhot . 
  it seemed fairly educated/most-of-the - people-had-seen-a-foreigner-use-chopsticks-before for the size . 
  my reference was anhui , so take that with a grain of salt . 
  i hated perpetually being followed by kids yelling \u8001\u5916 and taking pictures every time i left the house . 
  i did n't experience that as much in the bigger cities . 
  if you look asian , that wo n't be as big of a concern . 
  chinese is the dominant language almost everywhere in china outside a couple of neighborhoods in major cities . 
  it 's not like holland where it 'll be weird to talk to people in their native language .
