  definitely . 
  word choice can be different , things can be phrased unusually ( but not ungrammatically ) , they can mix registers , and the style can be off . 
  essays by chinese speakers are often easy to identify because they 're taught to construct essays very differently . 
  german relies a lot on non-native english speakers for translations , and the style of the german bleeds through , especially when it 's something formal . 
  overly long sentences , obtuse passive constructions , generally things your high school english teacher would tell you you should n't do in good writing . 
  there 's also a tendency to use overly-specific , uncommon ( but not wrong ) words too frequently because it matches the german word rather than saying it like a native speaker would . 
  no , i do n't think it 's less important . 
  i 'm just from a place where the police generally stay busy with more serious crimes . 
  difference of perspective , i guess . 
  it is relatively unimportant , yes . 
  it 's great that they have nothing better to do . 
  i love how safe and peaceful germany is . 
  it still seems like a pretty minor issue to me . 
  jews are very common in new york and the media more generally . 
  the us does have a pretty large jewish population , but it 's not nearly as large as it 'd seem watching american television . 
  there are jews in small towns , as well , but the numbers are very small . 
  the synagogue in my hometown of ~ 40,000 closed in 2010 because there just were n't enough jews left . 
  i think there were about 20 families going to synagogue there before it closed . 
  this is the same example i used last time , but english speakers have a particular way of misusing the perfect in german . 
  in german , it has to be present because you still live there . 
  another one is anglicisms . 
  a lot of anglophones overuse anglicisms or go out of their way to use dated/odd-sounding german words instead . 
  and if you do use them correctly , you might pronounce them too englishly or overcorrect and make them sound too german . 
  it 's more about the community than the state . 
  rich cities have terrible areas , and life in northwest georgia is very different than life in atlanta . 
  i moved from the middle of nowhere , methland , my-neighbor-still-shits-outside alabama to near dallas when i was young , i do n't know , early teens ? 
  the difference between the ass-end of appalachia and an affluent part of texas is like night and day . 
  alabama ( at least my corner ) is a lot more like living in central america than it is like living in other first-world countries ( and meanwhile we 've got enough guatemalans that the similarity is even stronger ) . 
  i made my german friends watch the iron bowl with me and what they took away from it is that even if they did understand american football , the frequent commercials would make it criminally unwatchable . 
  after having gotten kind of used to soccer where there are no commercials except at half-time , i find it hard to go back to the abomination that is televised football . 
  there are more ads than game . 
  it 's not as much about paragraph structure as it is about argument structure . 
  it 's entirely normal for chinese arguments to start off with the argumentation/support and not give you the point until the end . 
  since the writing is supposed to be as flowery , learned , and poetic as possible and will likely have a couple of proverbs or quotes thrown in , and may very possibly just be one big metaphor in which everything is described with metaphors , a western reader will often have no idea what 's coming or what 's going on . 
  ideally , the english learner has learned to write english essays as a part of their english education . 
  you do occasionally run across people who speak good english but have no idea how to write in english . 
  you may be interested in this [ short paper ] ( http://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:174515/fulltext01.pdf ) by a couple of swedes trying to teach chinese students how to write essays in english . 
  i like seeing americans from different areas talk about their impressions of class . 
  $ 20 a meal being called middle class is shocking to me . 
  i guess that 's the genius of how americans use the word middle class , though . 
  everyone is middle class , because everyone is normal in their own lives and social circles . 
  walking down the hall is probably what they were going for . 
  the first one almost works . 
  when you have a list that is n't grammatically connected to phrase before it , use a colon . 
  everything else is fine . 
  it was perfect in every way : shine , balance , weight ; hell , it even had the original wrapping on it . 
  the third semicolon in the second sentence does n't work because hell is neither an independent clause nor part of a complex list . 
  anxious would n't sound weird to me , for what it 's worth . 
  it 's normal to be anxious about getting a job and future employment in english as well . 
  i think it works equally well for having to make a decision in the future , not just waiting on a reply . 
  a student can be anxious or nervous about choosing a college , right ? 
  i took the same way with this person choosing a job . 
  even though the glossika website lists turkish as in post-processing , there is a course floating around the internet . 
  i assume they just had to make some corrections or something , i do n't know . 
  capitalism is probably the best economic system in the world if you 're goal is to see overall economic growth . 
  it 's benefited the us tremendously , as it has most of western europe . 
  i do n't think it 's particularly beneficial any more . 
  we do n't need growth . 
  our country is wealthy enough to provide for everyone , even though a lot of that wealth is tied up outside of the real economy . 
  we can either start trying out different systems now and figure out what works , or we can wait for widespread instability as unemployment increases and there 's less work to be done for a growing populace . 
  some people are proposing universal basic income . 
  it has its problems , but i think we should join in doing experiments with it in smaller communities to see how it affects them . 
  germany is doing something similar at the moment , and a few other countries as well . 
  i do n't think it will be successful because it still leaves power concentrated in the hands of the capitalists , and that money does n't consistently re\u00ebnter the country 's economy and continue flowing . 
  increasing taxes only takes some of it ; it does n't address the underlying problem that wealth and the power that goes with it will continue to be concentrated . 
  i personally think we wo n't really have a stable solution until we end private ownership of productive capital . 
  whether that ownership should go to unions ( questionable ) , local governments ( please god no - signed , alabama ) , or some other groups i do n't know . 
  state-run capitalism as in china or belarus is another interesting take on capitalism , but again it works in these countries because economic growth is more beneficial than the problems that come along with it . 
  china is starting to hit the point where it 's no longer working for them , so we 'll see how they choose to move forward as a developed economy . 
  whatever happens it 's going to be an interesting transition over the next 50 years . 
  expensive . 
  i probably pay about $ 8 most of the time i go out to dinner , $ 12-15ish if it 's somewhere extra nice . 
  the economic situation has changed a lot since then . 
  growth has slowed and there 's less room new players in the market outside of technology , and even there there are certain products that will remain a monopoly for the foreseeable future because no one else has the resources to be able to do the research and development needed to compete . 
  well , my own , of course , because i 'm middle class . 
  seriously though , i do n't think there is one middle class american experience . 
  it 's just a term that gives us something to identify behind as a way of warding off class conflict . 
  notice the [ upswing ] ( https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=middle+class&amp;year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2000&amp;corpus=15&amp;smoothing=3&amp;share=&amp;direct_url=t1%3b%2cmiddle%20class%3b%2cc0 ) in the 1930s as a response to socialist agitation , and again for the hippies . 
  should in the sense you 're using it here is usually translated sollte . 
  it 's not really past tense in meaning . 
  soll has some other uses , like in the sense of angeblich , supposed to , shall , etc. 
  sometimes it would be translated as should , but that still only works in certain situations . 
  i ca n't think of a single translation for `` stop to xyz '' . 
  in the context of eating , i would use einkehren . 
  the second google translate is wrong . 
  `` i should stop to eat now '' is not the same as `` ich sollte jetzt aufh\u00f6ren zu essen '' . 
  edit : a lot of people in the thread are saying `` aufh\u00f6ren , um zu essen '' , but this only works if you 're actually stopping something in order to do something else . 
  it 's not the meaning i normally associate with phrases like stop to eat or stop to chat . 
  the last sentence has the sense of `` i should stop doing whatever it is i 'm doing in order to eat '' , right ? 
  you can use it if you 're , say , taking a break from painting to eat lunch , but not if you 're stopping by a restaurant on your way to the movies , at least the way i understand it . 
  yes , the first sentence works because vorbereitet is acting as an adjective here . 
  like english , `` are you prepared for the test ? '', 
  note there 's ( what i think is ) a typo in the text of your post , but it 's correct in the title . 
  the second sentence is missing the reflexive pronoun . 
  since a few people were interested in the bilingual texts i made of the harry potter books while i was reading them , here 's a bilingual text of metro 2033 . 
  it looks like the translation was of a slightly different edit than the russian source i used , but the differences are pretty minor . 
  this is what i 'm doing with russian right now . 
  i 've read 11 books in russian since the beginning of the year . 
  i understand a lot of russian for three months of study at a little less than two hours a day . 
  i 'd strongly recommend using audio books too , though .
