  still smells a bit like idealism to me , but that 's not that unusual i guess . 
  who does use the word revolution that way ? 
  yeah , which ones ? 
  most of the communists i know irl are mls or trots , and i know that 's not common there . 
  is your use of this word idiosyncratic , or is there a tendency that uses it the way you do ? 
  a friend of mine speaks excellent german but has a noticeable polish accent . 
  a young student asked him about a scar he has , and he replied that he was in a car accident when he was their age . 
  `` oh , so that 's why you talk so funny . '', 
  what is peony ? 
  this would be great for those of us who 'd like to read chinese as well . 
  great app , by the way !, 
  i really enjoyed it . 
  it 's only the second of the book club books i 've read , but i 'd imagine it 'd be one of my favorites even it were n't . 
  it 's up there with \u570d\u57ce ( which i 've only been able to read in english so far ) as one of my favorite chinese books i 've read . 
  the satire seemed a bit heavy-handed at times , but i thought it was well-done over all . 
   was it accurate or too much ? 
  if were n't too much it would n't be satire , but no , as far as satire goes , i do n't think it was too much . 
  except maybe the fixation on opium leaves , but i do n't know enough about the history to really say . 
  some of the problems are n't as relevant as when the book was written ( the opium , for example ) , but others are still relevant . 
  the weird reverence/hate relationship with foreigners , the descriptions of chinese `` freedom '' . 
  you can still see the echoes of the issues brought up with the education system and polygamy , though it 's not exactly what lao she was writing about . 
  it was a good difficulty for me . 
  it was easier than some of the other books from the book club i 've looked at so far , but there was still plenty of stuff i did n't understand . 
  i could keep up with most of the book until it gets into the son 's monologues . 
  otherwise there were just odd paragraphs here and there i did n't fully understand without checking with the english . 
  as someone who majored in classics , i can assure you that actually knowing latin just turns the pretentiousness up to 11 for some people . 
  seeing as how this is n't about the chinese language , you 'd probably be better off asking in / r/china . 
  it 's full of foreigners living in china who are often pretty knowledgeable about daily life stuff like this . 
  ancient greek literature spans millennia and covers a huge variety of genres : epic , history , mythology , drama , politics , philosophy , lesbian poetry . 
  not to mention the new testament and everything from the eastern roman empire . 
  it 's pretty hard to get bored no matter what you 're interested in . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that 's controversial here . 
  i see , i read it the wrong way as well . 
  i took it as bullshit = shitty , harmful ; not bullshit = does n't exist . 
   languages are capitalised because , as pointed out , they are pronouns . 
  pronouns are words like i , it , she , me , us , etc. 
  there are also possessives , demonstratives , relatives , and a few more , but none of them are languages . 
  and even if they were , you do n't capitalize all pronouns . 
  esperanto.com still exists , but since you mentioned new that 's probably not it . 
  yeah , i would n't sticky this . 
  too much extra unsourced commentary that belongs in a language blog . 
  if it 's not already on the sidebar , a quick note that duolingo does n't make you fluent and a list of things to do after duolingo might not be a bad idea , though . 
  the language learning subreddit has shown that no matter how good the sidebar is , people will still ask the same questions , but it 's worth a shot . 
  can people not find free language exchange partners on italki any more ? 
   would n't this order be the same for any language ? 
  short answer is no . 
  [ this paper ] ( http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-94-011-3818-5_30 ) would be interesting , but unfortunately learning still costs money . 
  this is mandarin written in a mixture of characters and [ yale romanization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yale_romanization_of_mandarin ) . 
  it was popular before hanyu pinyin . 
  i 'm not sure why people stopped using yale , come to think of it . 
  not sure how you normally type , but the wikipedia page has a conversion to zhuyin . 
  someone posted an old textbook or worksheet or something written in yale romanization on another subreddit recently , and it made me think , why did people stop using it ? 
  it 's much more intuitive for native english speakers , and after learning it well is just as consistent as pinyin , as far as i can tell . 
  this is a good explanation for why they 're used in china and taiwan , but i 'm still missing the part where foreigners learning chinese started using pinyin or zhuyin , too . 
  these days it makes sense because that 's generally how you type , but as i understand it yale fell out of favor before that would have been a concern . 
  if anything , it seems like pinyin being natively chinese produced would have been a reason for the us to * not * adopt it for teaching purposes during the cold war . 
  this is a side point , but how is pinyin more internally consistent for chinese speakers ? 
  zhuyin i get : 1 initial/medial/final = 1 symbol . 
  pinyin seems kind of all over the place , though . 
  not any better than yale , but also not geared towards americans , which i 'm sure was an important political issue at the time . 
  besides \u662f\u5426 ( which i think tends to be more common in formal/written language , but correct me if i 'm wrong ) , x\u4e0dx or x\u6c92x constructions are common when you 'd use whether in english . 
  a good way to check out questions like this is to search in [ tatoeba ] ( http://tatoeba.org/eng/sentences/search?from=und&amp;to=cmn&amp;query=whether ) . 
  linguee is another option , but it 's usually very formal and the sentences are generally much more complicated . 
  never . 
  it teaches me a few vocab words i might not be familiar with . 
  not a big enough payoff . 
   you can only notice it in spoken english, 
  then why is n't it inpossible ? 
  edit : that 's fusion , disregard me . 
   there 's almost nothing on autodidactic adults learning languages, 
  yep , it 's all classroom , focused on children , or occasionally adult immigrants , but even that 's usually as much sociology as sla . 
  studying people who learn languages at home must not be sexy enough to get grant money . 
  get audio of minimal pairs from forvo or your textbook or something . 
  play one of the files at random and try to figure out he it 's c or z. 
  check to see if you were right . 
  repeat ad nauseam . 
  get different files for different words and keep going . 
  then different pairs . 
  this works for for tones as well . 
  in standard american english , it is spelled february and pronounced like [ / \u02c8f\u025bb.ju\u02cc\u025b ( \u0259 ) \u0279i / ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=file%3aen-us-february.ogg ) . 
  apparently the pronunciation comes from analogy with the pronunciation of january . 
  it 's assimilation of an oral stop ( d ) to a following nasal ( n ) . 
  assimilation of oral stops to adjacent nasal segments is very common across languages . 
  i used to live in a place with no access to clean water and put a bit of bleach in it to keep it clean . 
  it 's even [ recommended by the cdc ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/healthywater/pdf/emergency/09_202278-b_make_water_safe_flyer_508.pdf ) . 
  over time i probably drank a bunch and have n't noticed any damage yet . 
  i do n't think the long-term effects are well-studied at this point . 
  no , i think you 're looking for \u8b49\u660e\u66f8 . 
  it kind of looks like you went backwards from simplified and picked the wrong traditional character . 
  the older i get , the more i realize most people do n't get smarter than they were when they were teenagers . 
  and even if they have , that 's still not necessarily smarter than teenagers , who at this point have mostly grown up with the internet and search engines . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is , being a teenager does n't necessarily make you any dumber than an adult . 
  hopefully it makes you dumber than yourself as an adult , but that 's it . 
   he also made some poems dedicated to satan, 
  i 've never run across these before . 
  any links ? 
  check the groups from other countries . 
  some of them like china have their own forums , as well . 
  china , vietnam , and brazil come to mind as places with healthy numbers of esperantists that do n't speak great english , but i 'm sure there are more . 
  lernu has way more than reddit , as well , or at least used to .
