  what kind of things do have in mind ? 
  most of the things i can think of for english are the same way : if it 's simple enough to put on a chart , you probably know it at an advanced level anyways . 
  if it comes up often enough that you have to reference it , you probably do n't need to reference it . 
  goethe is more well-known and prestigious , but telc is also widely accepted and seen as a legitimate test . 
  it has more testing options , and is more similar to other cef-style tests in europe . 
  the goethe tests read like they were written by people more interested in the classroom than using german to communicate , but they are unfortunately still the most well-recognized among germans . 
  is there any specific reason you want to take the test ? 
  testdaf is good if you want to go to university . 
  having a non-native mandarin speaker from china would be much more similar to having an indian english teacher . 
  i 'd say a strong glaswegian accent is more difficult to understand . 
  the issue is less about how easy it is to understand , and more about whether or not it 's a native accent . 
  there are indians who speak english natively , either indian english or a more prestigious variety . 
  there are also indians who speak english well , sometimes calling themselves native , but actually learned it in school and make non-native errors . 
  i personally do n't think it 's a big deal if they 're good teachers , but some people would object to learning from someone with a non-native accent ( group 2 ) . 
  that 's what i 'm comparing with older chinese people who are n't mandarin natives . 
  as long as it 's testdaf , goethe , or one of the telc tests , it does n't matter where you take the tests . 
  as far as i 'm aware there are n't any other widely-known , accepted proficiency tests in germany . 
  it 's by far the most time-efficient method i 've used , as well . 
  glossika is the best language course that uses this method , but shadowing and listening-reading ( in a slightly different way ) rely on the same principles as well . 
   if you practice foreign language sentences for two hundred times ( preferably with audio , simultaneously ), 
  when people shadow assimil or glossika over and over , that 's more or less what they 're doing . 
  as i explained below , it 's not about intelligibility at all . 
  many indians speak english as a second language . 
  i 'm comfortable with that statement , and i do n't think it 's racist . 
  the point is that people extract information by understanding things that they hear , and they learn to speak by repeating them . 
  the idea is also that the brain `` picks up the linguistic matter on its own '' , as henkkles put it . 
  a lot of modern research disagrees with the usefulness of repetition in the classroom , at least the way henkkles is describing it . 
   i should also point out that scotland and ireland have their own native tongues , and this can interfere with english as well , just as non-mandarin chinese dialects interfere with the mandarin of `` older chinese people who are n't mandarin natives '' . 
  people who did n't learn english until they got to school i would also count as non-native , but that 's quite rare in ireland and even rarer in scotland . 
  but yes , that would be the same . 
  i agree that where you 're born is n't a factor in considering whether or not you 're a native . 
  india just happens to have a lot of competent l2 english speakers . 
   i think it 's fair to say that if they make errors often enough , then they 're surely not native . 
  i completely agree . 
   on the other hand , natives also make mistakes ( and have failed english tests before ) . 
  so drawing the line at where an error is `` native '' or not also seems arbitrary to me . 
  if i remember correctly , natives make mistakes in their own dialect in about 2-4 % of utterances . 
  non-native errors are distinct in that they can have different causes , namely l1 interference . 
  natives are also less likely to make mistakes due to incomplete understanding of the rules , e.g. 
  using the wrong tense . 
   i 'm not sure how the fact that they `` learned it in school '' disqualifies them from being native, 
  if they were n't exposed to it much before five years old , they will generally speak differently than native speakers . 
  even though every young mexican learns spanish in school , people can still usually pick out people from the villages who spoke mayan ( just an example i 'm familiar with ) until then , even among younger people . 
   lots of chinese people also learned mandarin in school and end up speaking with a cctv accent - are they not native because of their school learning ? 
  learning in school does n't disqualify you from being a native . 
  not being exposed to the language at home or socially before school usually disqualifies you . 
  i ca n't imagine most young chinese people being non-natives because they are surrounded by mandarin from birth , at least in cities . 
  the same ca n't be said for their grandparents ' generation . 
   and what of people who were born and bred in the anglosphere , but who have non-european ancestry , e.g. 
  from india ? 
  i think you 'll find that these people are very annoyed by white people who perceive them to be non-native and keep asking them questions like `` where are you really from ? '', 
  and they have every right to be . 
  this is n't about race at all . 
  i 'm talking about people who grow up in india learning english in school . 
  i think it 's a comparable situation to older people in china 's experience with mandarin . 
  it 's a comment on the linguistic situation and educational practices of two countries , not the races involved . 
  the british tests use a variety of accents , the toefl and toeic not so much . 
  chinese language policy pushes the standard pretty heavily , so i do n't think we 're in danger of having to understand old men from yunnan on the hsk any time soon . 
  the mother tongue translation is just a way of understanding the tl . 
  it works fine at many levels . 
  i 'm sorry you disagree , but i 've used translations extensively for pretty much every language i know . 
  somewhere around b1 , or maybe even a2 , you can start engaging with and understanding materials without translation , but continuing to use it does n't hurt as long as you 're getting plenty of practice . 
  it 's a very good course , but it 's not for everybody . 
  there 's no grammar explanation , no hand-holding at all really . 
  a very independent learner can use it as their main source for learning , but it shines as a supplement or in the place of an intermediate course . 
  doing assimil -  glossika or pimsleur -  glossika would probably be better than just starting with glossika for most people because you already have the basic grammar and some vocabulary , though you certainly can if you want to . 
  some of the newer courses also have mistakes , but the 2995 sentences that do n't have typos or weird translations are still worth it . 
  glossika has the same problem as the old fsi courses in that it 's very dry . 
  it 's just sentences , translations , ipa , and audio . 
  you listen to and repeat the audio until you 're blue in the face , but if you have the concentration/motivation/discipline to do it , there 's little on the market right now that gives better results . 
  it distills language learning down to the essentials , like henkkles was talking about : input , listening to the sentences ; understanding the sentences , the translation and n +1 arrangement of the sentences ; and repeating them , helping make them automatic . 
  i think they just mean `` mit pommes '' or `` dazu pommes '' or something . 
  they were trying to translate `` with a side of fries '' . 
  before i lived in spain , i thought it was more like latin america and less european than , say , france or germany or something like that . 
  after i moved to spain , i realized my impression was 95 % incorrect and that it is very european in almost every way . 
  it was actually kind of a shock , because i was moving there from latin america and was expecting it to be pretty similar culturally . 
  i did n't know you could make a screenshot with a potato . 
  or is that just me ? 
  yeah , it 's the same idea . 
  a lot of people have made similar decks with subs2srs or pulling sentences from textbooks or other sources . 
  glossika 's advantages are that 1 . they do the work of finding the sentences for you ( if there 's already an anki deck , this does n't apply ) 2 . the sentences have good quality audio with them ( this may or may not be an advantage depending on the anki deck ) 3 . the sentences are organized from simpler to more complex 3b . 
  the sentences are designed to cover a variety of grammar points and vocab 4 . you get ipa , and depending on the course other cool stuff like hanja for korean . 
  i downloaded the tatoeba deck for esperanto . 
  it was useful , it 's a similar idea , and it definitely can work . 
  a lot of my chinese study was before glossika came out , and i did something similar , but with a self-made deck . 
  glossika just simplified the process , and the ease and comfort of having progressively more difficult sentences designed to teach you various things is noticeable . 
  think of the sequence `` she always loses her keys . '', 
  `` i lost my keys yesterday . '', 
  and `` i 've lost my keys . 
  have you seen them ? '', 
  ( glossika-esque , too lazy to look up real example ) versus `` some people caught rats and ate them . '', 
  `` we ascribe his success to hard work . '', 
  and `` i 'm surprised you decided not to accept that job offer . '', 
  ( three random sentences from tatoeba ), 
  that said , anki decks like you 're describing are based off of the same underlying method as glossika , and if you 're hard-up for money ( or your tl has a particularly good anki deck -- some do ) , it 's a suitable replacement . 
  it 's good for learning vocabulary . 
  as with any sentence-based method , you see the words in context with collocations , which is a big advantage over focused vocab study . 
  i 've seen this story many times , and i can only ever trace the source back to a short clip from a greek newspaper . 
  oh , i ca n't stand websites laid out like that , so i did n't even notice it was a video . 
  this is new to me .
