  people learn for a lot of different reasons . 
  learning the culture is one of the less common ones , i would think . 
  most people learn languages to communicate , so if you want to communicate with mainlanders , simplified is the best choice . 
  `` number of people '' is definitely a valid argument when it comes to learning a language . 
  it 's not like choosing simplified makes it impossible to read traditional . 
  i started with simplified and picked up traditional from watching taiwanese dramas . 
  i ca n't imagine it being much easier . 
  i do n't know anyone who 's learned chinese that ca n't read the other script , even if they prefer one or the other . 
   so much so that japanese `` simplifications '' should rather be seen as variants : indeed , almost all of them ( if not all ) originated in china to begin with . 
  many simplified chinese characters come from pre\u00ebxisting variants as well . 
  where do you think the simplified characters come from if not from china ? 
   simply not true , the number of japanese specific simplifications is a far cry from the difference between traditional chinese scripts and the prc 's simplified script standard . 
  it is very different from the prc 's simplifications , but it 's also a far cry from traditional characters . 
  * the study of kanji * by michael pye lists 650 simplified characters in japanese . 
  that 's certainly less than the number of simplified characters in chinese , but it 's still notably different than traditional chinese characters . 
   i would have to go with behavior on public transport where people actually follow the rules instead of doing stupid shit like playing loud music on their phone . 
  where do they do this ? 
  i would love to go there . 
  i meet with the same group of friends every week . 
  it includes people who vote everything from cdu ( german neoliberals ) to to die linke ( the most left-wing major party ) . 
  we talk politics pretty often , and i never get the feeling anyone has judged anyone else 's personal character off of their political affiliation . 
  even when i defend trump ( definite faux pas in germany ) nobody gets put off of me personally . 
  i hate that so many americans make political opponents out to be bad people . 
  it 's awful for building healthy civil discourse . 
  my presence on the ban list of most major socialist subreddits would seem to indicate i 'm not a communist , but if you want to think i am because i used terms from marxist analysis , suit yourself . 
  it takes up a hand just the same . 
  i do n't see why it 'd be any worse than a fork . 
  i do this , but it sounds more like up than ope . 
  i would just work through an anki deck of the hsk vocab . 
  you can import the deck from one of the excel lists of hsk vocab floating around on the internet with almost no fiddling whatsoever . 
  that being said , if you already know a few hundred and can understand chinese , you might want to try listening to audiobooks while reading along . 
  i assume you have reasons for not wanting to do that , though , so whatever works for you . 
  i used to manage teachers , and i agree with you that op 's behavior shows a certain lack of empathy with the needs of the school , but it was n't a huge request . 
  the school could have responded politely and tried to work something out with op , or at the very least politely told op `` i 'm sorry , but no '' . 
  i know that 's not the chinese way , but op is also not a chinese employee . 
  if the school responds appropriately to a slightly cheeky request , this does n't become a contract-ending issue . 
  however , when op asked for days off , they threatened to cancel his contract . 
  i do n't blame op one bit for deciding not to work with people like that any more . 
  it 's par for the course with some of these shittier schools , but op does n't have to subject themself to that . 
  there are hundreds of positions they could find where they would n't have to put up with behavior like that from their employer . 
  edit : i read op 's post below and your response . 
  i put this completely on the school . 
  ruby falls is one of those places i want to like , but i ca n't get over turning a beautiful underground waterfall into a laser light show . 
  i do like to take foreigners who visit , though , because turning a beautiful natural place into a kitschy attraction is something we do better than anyone in europe . 
  i think the driving culture is influenced by what kind of driver 's ed a country has , but it 's fairly minor . 
  people will drive like other people , and they will do things they can get away with . 
  the us has no need to start charging thousands of dollars for licenses that never expire ( i hate that part about german licenses ) . 
  german driving culture is also influenced by the fact that safety/security is a core german value , and waiting/wasting time is a mortal offence , probably the second biggest sin after putting the wrong kind of br\u00f6tchen in somebody 's bag at the bakery . 
  it 's a nice combo that the us will probably never replicate because we 're just generally not like that , but there 's still plenty of room for improvement . 
  i may not be the best person to ask because most of the people i know in the us are rednecks , but i 'll try . 
  hazards of growing up in the middle of nowhere in southern appalachia . 
  i do n't know that tv show but from south park , and i 'm not familiar with the video game , so i ca n't help you there . 
  i do n't think so . 
  some of the smartest people i know are rednecks . 
  americans oftentimes do n't notice the smart rednecks because we have to change our accent outside of our native environment . 
  it took two years after moving out of alabama before i had someone take me seriously in a conversation . 
  now , someone who 's good with accents can place me as southern , but if i do n't want you to know there 's a decent chance you wo n't . 
   poor, 
  yeah , that 's mostly true . 
   inadequately-clothed, 
  describe inadequate ? 
  i ca n't get my mother to wear shoes when we go into town to eat sometimes , but no one 's indecent . 
   dirty, 
  depends on your standards , i guess . 
   rude, 
  on the contrary , i think we 're a rather polite group of people as long as we do n't think you 're an enemy . 
  we can be a bit wary of outsiders , though . 
   racist, 
  we 're less likely to be pc , that 's for sure . 
  i have no trouble coming up with a couple of old people who `` hate niggers '' , but every time a white nationalist family moves nearby their house gets burned down . 
  probably because last time they ran an extension cord over the road to get electricity to their trailer , but i like to think it 's because we have standards . 
  overall , i think we 're about as likely to be racist as the population at large , there 's just very little reason to hide it if you are . 
  it could be particular to my community , because the mountain kids got sent to the black school during integration , but we have a lot more interracial marriages than average as well . 
  when i left alabama , i expected the rest of the world to be a beacon of tolerance because i bought into all the bullshit from the media about how the south is extra racist , but it 's not . 
  we have a unique history and challenges with racism , but the average person is n't more racist . 
  i live in germany now . 
  people here are racist as hell when they feel comfortable . 
  people from other parts of the us i know are more racist than all but a couple of people i know back home . 
  the thing is , poor southern racism is not the same as yankee racism or midwestern racism . 
  we 're not ignorant of black people , not if we grew up after integration . 
  back to your question about being rude , get a liberal who gets all clammed up around black people because they live in a gated community in colorado or some shit to start explaining racism to me and i 'll get rude . 
   very aggressive if you trespass into their gardens, 
  i had a relative die because a chicken was eating something in his garden , so he shot it . 
  neighbor then came out and shot him for shooting the chicken . 
  my mother has also been shot at by my cousin , because he thought she was a black person come up to cut off their power again . 
  she also got shot at for shooting at somebody else 's dog who was chasing our goats . 
   love beer, 
  i associate loving beer with white trash trailer park types . 
  that 's a special kind of poor and redneck . 
   get their supplies from average stores like wal-mart . 
  ca n't speak for every redneck , of course , but our options are wal-mart and dollar general . 
  otherwise you got ta drive all the way into the nearest city , which is simply impractical for shopping runs on an average income . 
  and even in the city , you 've only got a couple more options . 
   are real-life `` rednecks '' as they are shown in pop culture , or are their pop-culture depictions just an exaggeration and distortion ,, 
  i can think of alarmingly few accurate depictions of southerners or rednecks on tv . 
  i can think of zero intelligent people on tv with a southern accent . 
  that said , i do n't watch tv that much , so maybe someone else can give more information on rednecks in the media . 
  yeah , wearing a shirt is optional at home or out working , but we generally wear shirts when we go out . 
  every once in a while i see a guy in overalls with no shirt under them in walmart , but it 's not an everyday thing . 
  being barefoot , on the other hand , is definitely a real thing .
