  how is zhongsi closer to jones than qiongsi ? 
  the p in paris is unaspirated in french , so it sounds more like pinyin b than p. 
  i disagree , q is aspirated while jones is not , but the point of articulation in jones is closer to q. 
  to me they sound equally off . 
  and listening practice . 
  and speaking practice . 
  and learning how natives phrase things . 
  what am i supposed to be looking at here ? 
  i need a red circle . 
  it 's still about china forcing people to use their naming conventions, 
  it just means you 're not as good as you think you are , which is normal . 
  there 's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path . 
  there 's a difference between knowing the words and grammar and it coming out of your mouth right automatically under pressure , and the only way to get better is practice . 
  there are ways to work on your active skills at home , though , to help you out a bit when you meet with your partner . 
  self talk is a good one , as are cloze deletions and replacement and transformation drills . 
  just to add a note , \u652f\u90a3\u4eba is also a slur in chinese , but i hear it used mostly by hong kongers . 
  it 's still `` edgy '' , but the dynamics are a little different than when it 's used in japan . 
   i had no idea chicago had a good reputation food-wise . 
  no more than any other major us city . 
  it 's easier to get them on board with issues that affect them personally , in this case mostly economic . 
  look at how the altright recruits : it 's not , `` hey average person , here 's why black people are dumb and jews rule the world '' , and most people do n't wake up and go , `` hm , i 'm a raging racist . 
  i should go look for a group that thinks like me . '', 
  first it 's something smaller and more personally important . 
  maybe a young man is having trouble with women , so he ends up reading about pick-up strategies . 
  some of the things people say seem a bit extreme , but some of it seems like good advice so he sticks around . 
  a year later , after lurking around other sites with a lot of overlap with the pua community , he 's just another alt-right pseudonazi . 
  bring people in with what they care about right now , and they pick up on the rest as a part of the group . 
  when explaining white privilege to white people , it 's easy for it to end up turning into an appeal to ethics or morality . 
  accepting and understanding white privilege does not necessarily benefit white workers individually or as a group . 
  personal interest is a much stronger motivating force than other appeals . 
  if someone spews white nationalist bullshit , they do n't belong in a socialist movement . 
  but mainstream workers who still carry the mainstream views about race they grew up with ? 
  that 's something that can easily change with exposure and education , but you get that exposure and education by bringing them into a group based around a common cause that is personally important to them . 
  you ca n't explain a white person out of white privilege : they have to see it . 
  debating someone is one of the absolute worst ways of persuading anyone of anything . 
  as soon as it becomes my view versus yours , the shields go up and people do n't want to be wrong . 
  coming to meetings with socialists and minorities and listening to them talk about issues from their perspective , both economic and otherwise , gives a much clearer picture of white privilege , the patriarchy , and capitalism and how it has a real effect on people 's lives . 
  i did n't become a socialist because someone came up and beat me over the head with marxist theory the way street preachers wave around the bible . 
  i became a socialist by becoming a part of social circles outside of my classes : white , male , rural , straight , or whatever . 
  i was first interested in the economic aspect because that 's what affected me . 
  edit : realized i accidentally wrote shite instead of white . 
  glossika and assimil are great for intensive listening , but in order to follow a conversation or listen to a presentation you need to practice extensive listening as well . 
  they 're closely related skills , but intensive listening gives you a lot more time to mull over what you 've heard and think about it and is good for learning to separate words , distinguish phonemes , and things like that . 
  extensive listening will help you pick up skills like using context , dealing with ambiguity , and listening at a native pace so that you do n't fall behind . 
   was in its general current state of grammatical ` complexity ' long before colonialism spread it to non-natives, 
  you could argue that the influx of danes speaking it as a foreign language or it being learned by celts was a part of what simplified it . 
  colonialism is n't the only explanation . 
  not saying i think that 's true , i have no idea , but it does n't necessarily help your case . 
   pashto is considered by him to be complex , while farsi is considered simple , when they are dialects of iranian seems bizarre . 
  pashto is not a dialect of iranian . 
  i think you 're thinking of dari . 
  yes , exactly . 
  there are lots of different ways to do it , but i 'd recommend not worrying about them . 
  if you keep hearing something you do n't get , look it up , but otherwise just listen and try to understand what you can . 
  it 's something you need to do in addition to studying and learning new stuff through glossika , assimil , or however , not a replacement . 
  where does this n in romanji come from ? 
  i see it all the time , but what 's it doing there ? 
  who put it there ? 
  is it some kind of phonological process like turret -  turrent ? 
  analogy with jumanji ? 
  because it 's talking about roman letters ? 
  anyways , to answer your question , michel thomas is an audio course that 's very grammar heavy . 
  no kanji involved , and it 's all about teaching you how to construct sentences . 
  he has some unconventional views , but he 's definitely a legit linguist who does legit linguist things in addition to the pop stuff . 
   and as our overall language habits get worse and less formal over the past century or two , it seems or music has as well , quite ironic once you think about it , or whole culture is turning to straight crap, 
  if i wanted to talk about it in the us , i would probably call it gaelic too , or irish gaelic just to be clear . 
  that 's what everyone calls it , and i do n't want to explain what `` irish '' is just because people an ocean away call it that . 
  i personally find it easier to speak to my audience instead of speaking to be correct \u2122 . 
  it comes down to whether or not you want to put the burden of understanding on your listeners or take it upon yourself to make it easier by using the `` wrong '' word . 
  i 'd love some skills that teach useful real world sentences . 
  at the bakery , at the airport , making an appointment , things like that . 
   learn what sounds certain letters make . 
  'll ' sounds like a ` y ' so llama sounds like yama, 
  \u00f1 sounds like a `` ny '' so espa\u00f1ol sounds like espanyol, 
  i think it would be much better to , from the start , learn to connect the spanish letters to the sounds they make instead of their closest english equivalents . 
  pronouncing ll as y and \u00f1 as ny is a surefire way to sound like a gringo . 
  i learned them that way 15 years ago and i wish so much my spanish teacher would n't have taught it that way . 
  undoing bad habits takes a lot of effort . 
  if you learn from a textbook like assimil , you study by reading along with the audio , which is a much better way to learn the pronunciation and orthography . 
  sounds to me like op is trying to connect with their grandfather , who may also have referred to the language as gaelic , seeing as how he lived in the us . 
  second , even if op is trying to connect to irish people , that does n't really help the person you 're talking to understand you when you use a term they 're not familiar with . 
  if op visits ireland , i 'm sure they 'll be corrected until they adopt the accepted terminology . 
  until then , using a word they have to explain most of the time is probably more trouble than it 's worth . 
  have you tried any of the courses on lernu ? 
  i 've never used any of the courses , but [ this one ] ( http://lernu.net/en/kurso/nakamura ) looks like what you want . 
  there 's a grammar section of the site , as well . 
   germany and the soviets had single leaders with cults of personality . 
  you do n't think papa xi has a cult of personality ? 
  the combination of the past unreal ( had wanted ) and * should have * does n't work for me in either sentence . 
  if i had ( had i ) wanted to get better scores , i would have studied harder . 
  but i did n't want to , so i did n't . 
  since i wanted to get better scores , i should have studied harder . 
  i did want to , so i should have studied harder . 
  this looks much more thai/khmer/southeast asian indic than it does inca to me , but it 's very pleasant to look at nonetheless . 
  you should have asked for more food \u2192 vi devintus peti pli da man\u011da\u0135o . 
  you do n't necessarily have to study grammar like that , it 's just usually easier for adults to approach it that way . 
  if you see enough sentences , you 'll eventually realize that der mann comes at the beginning of the sentence , and den mann at the end . 
  then you 'll realize that 's not true for words like bin . 
  it 'll probably click by that point that it 's not about whether it 's at the beginning or the end of the sentence , but who 's doing the action . 
  you 'll realize toward the beginning that after the word mit it 's dem mann , or that after you say do , the next bit has a - st at the end .
