  in bopomofo , on the other hand , one symbol = one sound . 
  that 's the biggest advantage , in my opinion . 
  i also prefer typing in bopomofo , but i 'm not sure if it 's actually faster or not . 
   the cultures and religions of conquered nations are stamped out and replaced with nationalism, 
   - there would be a strong sense of nationalism, 
  these two things alone are incompatible with pretty much any variety of socialism . 
  but come on , all races are treated equally , but you stamp out the cultures of conquered nations ? 
  if you want to stamp out other cultures , do n't pretend to not be racist . 
  if you 're gon na be a fascist , at least go with it . 
  so yeah , i 'd say you 're a national socialist . 
  just take out the `` all races are treated equally '' lie you 're telling yourself that does n't fit with the rest of the ideology you explained . 
  there are successful language learners who have tons of knowledge about grammar and those who who ca n't tell a perfect tense from an indefinite article . 
  if explicit grammar instruction is n't your style and you 'd rather just learn to `` feel '' what 's right , skip over the grammar parts . 
  it 's whatever you want . 
   you do n't have to [ ... ] manage regional dialects , learn slang , [ ... ] . 
  clearly you 're not an esperantist . 
  you do n't necessarily have to speak with high accuracy or reach native proficiency in natural languages either . 
  if you want to give bad advice about how op should n't do what they want , you should keep it to yourself . 
  or maybe you did what op wants to do and regretted it ? 
  i appreciate personal anecdotes , so i apologize if i 've misinterpreted your post . 
  the way it is , though , it kind of seems like you 're talking out your ass and/or applying your goals for language learning to someone else , neither of which are helpful . 
  implying that a living culture or language ( esperanto ) is n't real is pretty offensive . 
  great to see that you 're getting started learning languages so early . 
  i wish i had realized how much i enjoyed it earlier in life . 
  it 's hard to say what you should focus on when learning esperanto . 
  hopefully you can get a gist of the grammar and some basic vocab in a couple of weeks and then start participating in forums or talking online . 
  probably the best thing about learning esperanto is that we 've all been there , so there 's almost always someone willing to correct mistakes , and pretty much everyone is willing to listen/read esperanto with mistakes . 
  glad to hear there are still schools that offer latin , and it 's good you can take advantage of it . 
  if you love latin , wait 'til you get your hands on ancient greek . 
  i wish i could help more with spanish resources , but i did n't learn online . 
  my best advice that people sometimes forget is use social media . 
  follow spanish-language twitter accounts , like spanish-language facebook pages of your favorite tv shows , etc. 
  it 's great to have some simple , natural language show up regularly . 
  castilian spanish is the common dialect ? 
  the common dialect of one country , maybe . 
  thanks for the thorough response , and pointing me to the tieba page . 
  i 'm definitely interested in the cantonese recordings ( and other languages , too ) . 
  it 's what most tv and radio in spain is in , yes . 
  latin american media tends to favor standardized forms of the local dialects or , for some shows , a somewhat artificial neutral spanish . 
  neither one of those things are based on castilian spanish . 
  if my biggest problem is i sound as awkward as translations of hollywood movies , i 'll consider myself a great success . 
  also , i do n't watch mandarin dubs often , but in most languages voice actors enunciate more clearly and are easier to understand than original movie audio in the tl . 
  which variety of chinese do you speak ? 
  [ learn chinese using cantonese ] ( http://www.green-woodpress.com/products_detail.php?id=102 ) is a pretty popular book . 
  it 's aimed towards overseas chinese who grew up speaking cantonese , but ca n't read or write . 
  good luck !, 
  if you 're not squeamish about downloading things for free , there are tons of good resources on the net . 
  as far as resources that are meant to be free , i 'm not the best person to ask . 
  also , expecting to become fluent in 2-3 years is setting yourself up for failure . 
  aim for 5-7 , and if something miraculous happens ( chinese girlfriend , your parents abandon you in rural china , etc. 
  ) , all the better . 
  edit : i learned spanish too , starting in high school like most kids in the us , and even though my spanish is still better , chinese is way more fun . 
  good choice . 
  i recommend beginning with assimil chinese with ease , which is pretty easy to find in a torrent . 
  practical audio visual chinese ( available at http://uz-translations.net/ ) is also very good , but uses traditional characters . 
  i 've used both of them personally and really enjoyed them . 
  other good choices to start with are pimsleur , which is good but does n't take you far , and fsi ( http://www.fsi-language-courses.org/ ) , which is great for speaking but boring and does n't teach characters . 
   please note that i am not looking for examples of where socialist ideals have been used successfully , i 'm looking for a discussion about the feasibility of a socialist society . 
  we could demonstrate they are feasible by giving you examples of where they have been used successfully , but you ruled that out . 
  if you want to ask questions , why are you rejecting the best answers ? 
   what do you exactly mean by `` phonographic ? '', 
  in this context , i 'm pretty sure they mean that korean has a relatively phonemic ( or shallow ) orthography . 
   i believe that a linguist would identify the korean writing as abugida . 
  abugidas are scripts like many indic scripts or canadian aboriginal syllabics . 
  korean is featural alphabet . 
  the video claims that hangul was influenced by phags-pa , an indic script . 
  just because it was influenced by an abugida does n't make it an abugida . 
  abugidas are characterized by consonants graphs being altered or somehow marked to indicate a consonant + vowel unit . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   vowels are written through modification of these consonantal letters , either by means of diacritics ( which may not follow the direction of writing the letters ) , or by changes in the form of the letter itself . 
  korean just puts different letters together to make a syllable , which is why it 's generally considered a type of alphabet . 
  changing a phoneme can change a word . 
  changing the phonetic realization of the phoneme does n't . 
  for example , pin and bin ( / p\u026an / and / b\u026an / are different words . 
  / p / and / b / are different phonemes . 
  [ p\u026an ] and [ p\u02b0in ] , however , are both the word pin . 
  whether or not you aspirate the / p / ca n't change a word . 
  i think the way english speakers perceive / b / makes things a little more complicated in my example , but that 's the general idea . 
  that bit about females changing their speech patterns first is fascinating . 
  i assumed it was the opposite because in southern mexico , i 'm much more likely to run into women speaking maya than men . 
  i wonder what makes that situation different . 
  on the other hand , pretty much everywhere i 've been , old males have the strongest accents . 
  how are you thinking of exotic , here ? 
  because to me , widely-spoken official languages of major countries do n't seem very exotic ( russian , indonesian , etc. ) . 
  to answer your question , cherokee is the exotic language i 'd like to learn most , because i want to learn the indigenous language of my area . 
  i also like the cherokee syllabary a lot , and the verbs are unlike anything i 've seen before . 
  my red flag is that almost all the sources , including one newspaper article ( which is the most legit source i 've found ) , seem to be written by fellow greeks . 
  surely a guy with skills like that would get some international press attention as well . 
  how many of these are good tips for formal writing and how many did the author pull out of their ass ? 
  i 'm always interested in prescriptivist rules , you know , just in case i have to write something to an old british man who tells me he ca n't understand morgan freeman 's negro dialect . 
  looks like others are telling you to be more positive , so i 'll just say i agree and leave that topic be . 
  i 've had similar problems , but it 's always directed at a specific country or group of countries that frustrate/bore me . 
  if you like usa pop culture and nothing else , it sounds like you 'd fit in pretty well in the states . 
  why do n't you come over and enjoy a culture you do like ? 
  if you want to keep language learning so much , you can 1 ) learn another language that opens up more us culture , or 2 ) learn a language with no real culture to speak of . 
  for example , you can 1 ) learn spanish , which is widespread in the us , and it 's growing . 
  how 's your aave ? 
  i 've met lots of english speakers , native and non-native , who really struggle to understand broad aave . 
  or , you can 2 ) learn a conlang ( toki pona , etc. ), 
  or a dead language ( latin , greek , classical chinese , etc. ) .
