  i would choose the city you want to live in . 
  a few streets full of foreigners should n't affect your learning that much . 
  you can always add more new cards or review ahead . 
  then review ahead . 
  but i think the biggest problem was relying on japanese \u2192 english cards , which was mentioned elsewhere in the thread . 
  i 'd personally recommend cloze deletion cards from example sentences instead of simple english \u2192 japanese , but either way do n't just rely on japanese \u2192 english . 
  does your textbook not have example sentences ? 
  dialogues with the new vocabulary ? 
  that 's the best place to find sentences with words you know as a beginner . 
  i do n't have a copy of the books at the moment , but i specifically remember the books having dialogues . 
  the audio of the dialogues is on the cd . 
   hate to stereotype but are n't a lot of people in the south to all pocs ? 
  i 'm also from the south . 
  yes , there are lots of non-white people there . 
  i 'm interested to find out how that relates to this conversation , though . 
   chinese people tend to be cliquey in the us . 
  i 'd say most americans living in china consider chinese people a bit cliquey , as well . 
  it 's not just a chinese people in the usa thing . 
  aloof is a good way to describe the culture as well : chinese culture is n't particularly well-connected with the outside world . 
  on that note , going back to the original question , what parts of the world are chinese people interested in ? 
  pretty much western europe , the anglosphere , japan , korea , taiwan , and maybe thailand as a beach vacation spot ? 
  latin america is certainly not the only or largest area mostly ignored by most chinese people . 
   but i feel like people from the anglosphere like to ignore small african nations as well just like most chinese people . 
  sure , but what about the indian subcontinent , the middle east , and eastern europe ? 
  all of which , for various reasons , are much more present in british society than in chinese society . 
  american 's geography is limited to places we 've invaded and cold war enemies , but that 's still a pretty big list . 
  i really like movies , especially anglophone and chinese movies . 
  the english and chinese language markets are two of the largest in the world . 
  pretty much every time a foreign place is depicted in a chinese movie , it 's going to be one of the places i listed in my last comment . 
  on the other hand , i can think of popular english language movies featuring just about every major region . 
  in and of itself that does n't mean anything , and maybe i 'm way off base and i know chinese cinema worse than i thought i did , but i find it interesting anyway . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a six string banjo , but you do n't play it like a banjo , it does n't sound like a banjo , and it ca n't really fill the place of a banjo in a group . 
  if you like the way it sounds and have a use for it , then go for it , but it 's more of a guitar variant than a banjo . 
   saying these things objectively diminishes the value of your opinion, 
  whether or not it diminishes the value of their opinion depends on who 's listening . 
  some people , like you , devalue their opinion for using words like dumb and comparing people to hitler . 
  some people wo n't . 
  know your audience . 
  i , for example , am much more put off by someone using the word `` objectively '' with nothing behind it than i am by calling someone dumb . 
  it 's a weasel word used to make your opinion seem like more than just your opinion . 
  it was getting really hard for me to jerk reading through this thread until i got to this comment , thanks for helping a comrade out, 
  edit : oh shit sorry i thought i was in fullcommunism , i 'll leave it here anyways, 
  communist democracy does not work like liberal democracy . 
  there are still plenty of things and people to disagree about and vote on ( if you choose to use voting in your decision making process ) within a party representing the proletariat . 
  that 's a criticism of the implementation . 
  whatever china is now , they 're not democratic , but it 's not just because of the one party system . 
  i only had an issue with the implication that one party systems were a problem per se . 
  twice , german and chinese . 
  my german is fluent , in the sense that i go through most of my life in german and it 's only rarely a bother . 
  my chinese is only hsk5 ( ~ cefrb1 ) , but i 'd still count it a success because it 's at a pleasant and useful , if not particularly good , level . 
  i just kind of picked up german through exposure and looking up things i did n't know . 
  the only dedicated study was reading harry potter and listening to the audiobooks in german . 
  i studied chinese using assimil , practical audio video chinese , and watching tons of tv . 
  it seems kind of inhumane to not let people get medical care in a country that can clearly afford it . 
  moving out of the usa was a huge weight off when it came to health expenses . 
  do any other developed countries do this like the usa ? 
  how has he been doing this for 15 years ? 
  who hired him to come talk to their school ? 
  there are so many points at which he could have never been allowed to give presentations to children again , yet here we are . 
  this strikes me as one of those situations where `` chinese proverb '' means `` proverb that sounds chinese '' . 
  i once saw a quote from abraham lincoln attributed as a chinese proverb on a spanish fortune cookie . 
  i googled and baidu 'd around and could n't find anything mentioning a source or author or anything of sort . 
  i doubt it 's real . 
  it could also be an unconventional translation of an attested quote , but i do n't know what it 'd be . 
  anglophones traditionally recognize seven continents , separating north and south america . 
  to say in english that a place is in `` america '' referring to the continents sounds odd , at best . 
  as a native american english speaker , i 'd say that mexico and canada are in north america , brazil is in south america , and all three are in the americas . 
  none of them are in america . 
  of course you can argue that it should n't be like that , but in common usage it is . 
  languages generally are n't designed , so `` what 's the point '' is n't really an applicable question . 
  there is no purpose . 
  the languages do n't * need * them . 
  that 's just how things turned out . 
  your other question is more answerable , though : why do irregular verbs exist ? 
  there are a few ways it can happen . 
  sound change that only affects certain forms is one way . 
  the spanish verb * dormir * shows diphthongization in some forms ( * duerme * ) and vowel raising in others ( * durmieron * ) . 
  the diphthongization only affects unstressed syllables , if i remember correctly , leading to seemingly irregular forms . 
  most irregular verbs in english come from competing `` systems '' for making verbs past tense . 
  the irregular verbs used the indoeuropean ablaut , while other verbs used the new put-a-dental-at-the-end system . 
  in other words , how we form the past tense in english changed , but we still use some words that use the old system . 
  another reason irregular verbs exist is suppletion , where an entirely different word replaces one of another word 's forms . 
  how could you ever get spanish * voy * from * ir * ? 
  turns out they used to be entirely different words . 
  * ir * comes from latin * \u012bre * , voy comes from latin * v\u0101dere * . 
  same thing with go and went in english . 
  went was the past tense of the verb wend , a completely different word than go . 
  i 'm not an expert and i 'm sure there are more forces that lead to irregular verbs , but those are what came to mind off the top of my head . 
  in my experience , a common transliterated name will save you more tedious name discussion than any other option . 
  i tried picking a chinese name , and everyone just asked for english name , then could n't understand much less pronounce it , but relaxed when i used a transliteration . 
  my name is uncommon and does n't have a transliteration most chinese people recognize , so i just picked a common transliteration of a name that was kind of similar and it worked out great . 
  minimal pair drills are a great supplement . 
  they work for tones , consonants , or any other time you ca n't hear the difference between two different words . 
  i know it 's been commented 10 times already , but the outside d\u00f6ner carts are the exception , not the rule . 
  the majority are little shops with a few tables inside . 
  also , how can you make d\u00f6ner healthier ? 
  seems pretty healthy to me already . 
  hard to get less marxist than meaningless pomo rubbish , though it would probably be graded well . 
  they 're still cheap . 
  there 's a place across from work that i would describe as a fancy d\u00f6ner place - lots of vegetarian options , nice atmosphere , generally more menu options that appeal to the young , wealthy , organic-food-loving crowd .
