  it 's in the name , for christ 's sake . 
  you can claim their rule was illegitimate without redefining the word empire . 
  i dislike it when discussions in or about hong kong revolve around preferring their former overlords to the new ones . 
  a unified message demanding self-determination would be a much stronger case . 
  because ge sounds kind of like ko , di does n't . 
  chinese . 
  yes , china 's not the best place to live , a terrible place to work ( unless you 're with a foreign company ) and finding people you have things in common with as a westerner may be more challenging than other languages . 
  but the sheer amount of stuff you gain access to makes it much more fun . 
  german is great for germany , but unless i want to keep up on bundesliga or european political news , i might as well do it in english . 
  with chinese , i more or less double the amount of shows and social media i have access to for most topics that are n't location specific . 
  plus , if you 're interested in things that are n't that popular in the english speaking world , like go , chinese chess , or chinese history , you get access to even more content . 
  it 's not easy to get bored on the internet as a monolingual english speaker , but it 's pretty much impossible if you know chinese too . 
  i lived there too . 
  yeah , finding someone i had anything in common with was pretty difficult . 
  there is plenty of interesting stuff on the internet though , and lots of tv shows if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  did i ever personally meet someone who enjoyed playing go ? 
  no , in fact i met relatively few people who had what i would identify as hobbies , not to mention anything i was interested in . 
  but that does n't mean that there is n't plenty of content on just about everything under the sun on the internet . 
  where the people are who are producing this stuff i have no idea , i guess t1 somewhere , but it 's there . 
  i 've heard people make fun of me for sounding like a child , which is a shitty thing to do . 
  i 've only heard this from monolinguals ( i guess because people who have learned another language know what it 's like ) , so the easy , if assholish , response is to ask them what they think they sound like in your native language . 
  but what you described is completely different . 
  someone asked , and the person gave an honest answer . 
  sugarcoating things is not something russians do , ever . 
  and it was probably true , as other people have explained . 
  it 's a matter of taste . 
  i like kung fu movies and period dramas , and china has shittons of both of those , often both in one show . 
  chinese shows generally do n't make it to international audiences , because the percentage of people who will be interested or like them is pretty small . 
  this is exacerbated by the fact that the archetypes , assumptions , references , and jokes will be lost on most people who are n't chinese . 
  if you like the genres , the shows are about as hit and miss as english shows , but they can be repetitive . 
  try adding both / r/sino and / r/china , that way you get a good dose of critical and pants-on-head positive , though neither of them are much good for language learning . 
  also unless there 's a joke i 'm not getting , that last one is a typo . 
  \u5433\u8a9e is pronounced the same , and is probably what you meant . 
  i 'm not sure i have a pick for best , but by far my least favorite writing system for tones is [ hmong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmong_language#tones ) . 
  b , x , d , l , t , s , k , and f represent tones . 
  and as much as i like the cherokee writing system , not distinguishing tones at all is a pain . 
  the cases behave more like other languages in the balkan sprachbund than they did in latin , but yes , the grammar is more conservative than many other romance languages . 
  they 're just saying that for contour languages , diacritics are best ; for register tone languages , diacritics are still best ; for languages with both contour and register , you need to stack diacritics or use numbers . 
  baidu answers ( think yahoo answers for china ) says it 's called `` sizzling tomato box '' , but that probably wo n't help you any more than the google translation . 
  i found some recipes in chinese , but none in english . 
  eh , i find the grammar more difficult than the tones or characters . 
  the characters take a long time to learn , but it 's not particularly difficult . 
  you just got ta put in the time . 
  but the grammar is drastically different from english for all but the simplest sentences . 
  i ca n't just look a word up in a dictionary and know how to use it , no matter how many grammar rules i know . 
  i can make an educated guess , but i usually have to find a few example sentences for new words so i can understand the pattern and learn how to use them . 
  it 's a pain . 
  formal chinese is also really difficult for me . 
  anytime the language gets too flowery i get lost . 
  it does n't help that chinese essays do n't make sense in well-translated english sometimes ; they just have a different idea of what constitutes a good essay or a good argument . 
  not all the time of course , there are some people who write in a very straightforward manner , but the tendency is for lots of embellishment . 
  is hsk 5 advanced ? 
  if so , then i 'm watching the god of war zhao yun right now . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  what kind of shows do you like watching ? 
  what did you find boring ? 
  it was a joke . 
  i do n't consider it advanced at all . 
  proto-germanic is quite divergent from pie , both lexically and grammatically , even leading some people to hypothesize that it was a contact language or creole with some non-ie substrate . 
  [ this wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germanic_substrate_hypothesis ) has some info on the theory . 
  it 's a not a majority view , but proto-germanic is pretty odd either way . 
  what chinese religion or philosophy emphasizes honesty ? 
  do you often see honesty in any of the government propaganda ? 
  confucius himself said that covering up your superiors ' wrongdoings was a virtue . 
  i do n't mean this badly , by the way . 
  westerners do n't uphold plenty of values that are important in china , either . 
  i like it . 
  on first read it seems like typical anti-imperialism , but rejects national liberation as the means toward that end . 
  i like the idea that you need to liberate communities instead of `` nations '' , and your linked post lays out some good examples of how that played out in the us , but i 'm having trouble seeing how it applies to places like , say , bangladesh or the philippines . 
  how does community liberation there look different from national liberation ? 
  of course , adults are way smarter . 
  the only advantages children have are pronunciation , motivation ( speaking 0 languages sucks ) , and a good environment for learning . 
  those are big advantages , but a dedicated learner can easily outpace them for a few years . 
  and what does the ( n ) mean ? 
   you should plan on studying , outside of class 3-4 hours for every credit hour in the class . 
  this was my college 's recommendation for every single course , and true for 75 % of them in my case . 
  studying 12 hours a week per 4 credit-hour class is n't unreasonable for a college student , whether that course is a language , history , literature or anything else . 
  an average load , let 's say 16 hours , should take around 50 hours a week of work total for a dedicated student . 
  if op wants to take more , hopefully they know the risk already . 
  arabic is hard , but if it 's taking that much more time than your other courses , college-age me would have been jealous of your other courses . 
  a good teacher wo n't set the pace faster than good students can follow . 
  the comparisons to hitler are a bit much at this point , but he does a few things that make people more uncomfortable than past leaders . 
  in his book , he made some disconcerting comments about the importance of having the same blood , especially in relation to taiwan . 
  defining national identity on ethnic lines is very dangerous , especially since china has sizable ethnic minorities who are n't considered han ( tibetans , uyghurs , mongols , etc. ), 
  not to mention furthering the claim on taiwan just because they are largely the same ethnic group and speak the same language . 
  under his rule , china has also ramped up censorship and nationalistic/xenophobic rhetoric , especially against japan and `` western ideas . '', 
  some also see his anti-corruption campaign as a way to consolidate power , which they say he has more of than any leader in the past 30 years . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced by that argument , but the treatment of bo xilai makes me think there 's at least some truth to it . 
  china 's increased aggressiveness in the south china sea and island-building projects also scare people because they represent a turn in chinese nationalism from being inwardly-focused to projecting outwards . 
  plus his cult of personality is stronger than other past leaders , with the whole xi dada image and near saint-like status among parts of the population , people making pilgrimages to his hometown and places where he ate dumplings once and so on . 
  think of him what you will , but those are the arguments i hear most often . 
   you ca n't just look at the c1 criteria and then claim that a 10 year old native speaker is n't c1 just cuz he ca n't talk about politics . 
  just because a native speaker ca n't talk about a specialized topic does n't mean he/she is n't c1 or c2 . 
  sure it does . 
  if you ca n't pass the test , you 're not c1 . 
  but more importantly it means that cefr is useless for measuring native speaker ability , or really any language ability in a comprehensive sense . 
  it 's designed to see how well l2 speakers can use a language in a business or academic environment . 
  that 's it . 
  it 's not useful for seeing how native-like a learner is , how good native speakers are , or anything besides seeing if a learner is good enough to do x job or go to x school . 
  in china it should n't be a problem .
