  unpopular opinion , but i also do n't think characters used in chinese and japanese need that much special care . 
  just learn them with the words as they come . 
  it just makes memorizing words take a longer time , and the student needs more frequent repetition , but duolingo would still work . 
  i talk with foreigners in german all the time , including some who speak very fluently and have been in germany for a long time , sometimes from high school , and they still mess up the cases sometimes ( all the time if they 're dutch ) . 
  and germans mostly understand them , and if they do n't they just ask more questions to figure it out . 
  also , what do you mean `` even if they offer to speak in german '' ? 
  do you start talking to people in english ? 
  if they switch to english , your accent is probably very strong and distinctly english . 
  focus on that for a while . 
  try to make sure they ca n't place your country of origin when you speak . 
  not that i 'm a big benny fan , but [ this ] ( http://www.fluentin3months.com/getting-rid-of-your-english-accent/ ) is a good first step . 
  in day-to-day life , i 've never seen them switch to english for arabs/italians/etc . 
  unless the foreigners try english themselves . 
  actually they almost never switched for me either or most of the other americans i know , but lots of people on the internet have this problem . 
  just be more confident . 
  here 's something good for your accent and confidence : get really good at one situation . 
  do you like br\u00f6tchen ? 
  of course you do , even if you do n't . 
  get someone to tell you or listen to people at the bakery . 
  repeat the order of the guys in front of you . 
  figure out the common questions the people working there will ask and how to respond . 
  practice the pronunciation over and over . 
  keep trying it at different bakeries . 
  awesome , now you 're good at bakery german . 
  move on to another situation . 
  it 's easier if you have someone who you can ask about common bakery phrases in your area , but if you 're persistent you can do it just by getting a cup of coffee and sitting near the counter at a bakery . 
   already reasonably good command of the language in the young population . 
  are we talking about the same country ? 
  i never lived in t1 , but i 'd say about 1 in 100 people i ran into could hold a conversation in english , and i mostly met younger people . 
  edit : wikipedia backs me up here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_english-speaking_population, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18afzwsjpqa ) 's the video . 
  i really enjoy a lot of \u7a0b\u74a7 's songs , but my favorite is \u5728\u4f60\u8eab\u5f8c , you can listen [ here ] ( https://site.douban.com/chengbi/room/1856974/ ) , down the page a bit . 
  i play guitar , and when i moved to china , my friends all told me i needed to learn some chinese songs so they could understand . 
  the first one i learned was \u5728\u4f60\u8eab\u5f8c \uff0c because it was simple and i know the words already , but they just complained that no one knew who \u7a0b\u74a7 was or knew any of her songs , which i think is a real shame . 
  i had just happened to see her recommended on douban one day , so i figured she was more popular than she seems to be just from talking to people . 
  my favorite part of the darth plagueis book was that they went into more details about the politics going on during episode 1 . 
  i would love to see more details about galactic politics in a movie or tv show . 
  being a nurse and working insurance probably put you both above median income individually , and definitely together . 
  i 'm happy for you , but do n't think that most people can have jobs as good as yours , be able to commit to one city to make buying a house make sense , etc. 
  discipline is great , but you have to have the income to go with it . 
  yes , i speak chinese at around hsk5 . 
  rosetta stone is n't a good course in general , but i thought the way they dealt with the characters was fine . 
  in fact , one of the few uses/strengths i think rosetta stone has is teaching people new scripts . 
  of course it 's not comprehensive enough to be that useful for chinese/japanese , but the general idea of picking up the characters as they come up suits me well . 
  the important thing is getting plenty of repitition , which should n't be a problem in duolingo . 
  the algorithm would probably have to be tweaked though . 
  not german , but colognians always appreciated my attempts to pick up a little k\u00f6lsch . 
  the ruhrgebiet does n't have a dialect so much as an accent , but i learned german there and apparently have a strong local accent and no one seems to pay any attention to it at all , probably because most foreigners in the area are in the same boat . 
  sounds like a pretty good teacher to me , except for the whole three-ring binder part . 
  i have heard multiple british coworkers complain about non-native speakers with their regional british accents . 
  it surprised me because i had never heard anything like that from an american . 
  i liked sharedtalk , and i 'm glad you 've remade it . 
  yours looks much nicer and modern , though . 
  good luck attracting a lot of people . 
  english, 
  seven years on and off, 
  i speak spanish much more often than esperanto , and i 'm prone to using esperantified spanish words when writing quickly or speaking . 
  i use icx , and depending on who i 'm talking to will also use ri sometimes . 
  what language do you want to learn the alphabet of ? 
  what do you mean by phonetic ? 
  would you like to learn the ipa for the language 's sounds ? 
  would you like to learn how to pronounce their writing system , assuming they have an alphabet or abugida and a shallow orthography ? 
  if you want to learn how to read a word and pronounce it correctly , the wikipedia page 's phonology and orthography section will usually have most of the information needed , assuming it 's possible for the language you 're learning . 
  i did n't mean to correct you . 
  it 's not what i would have expected , either . 
  one time i asked they said they felt like the non-natives were making fun of them , the other times they did n't give a clear response . 
  maybe it has to do with feelings of ownership of the language ? 
  maybe they 're not used to hearing outsiders speak like they do , so the person comes off as an impostor or mocking ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but why is it okay to try to imitate rp but not a regional accent ? 
  as a foreign language learner , i 'm imitating someone else 's accent no matter whether i 'm learning the prestige dialect or not . 
  why is it painful and `` trying to fit in '' when it 's a geordie accent , but not rp ? 
  edit : as a side note , there 's always a `` painful attempt at an accent '' before you get to the `` genuinely picked up an accent '' stage , no matter what accent we 're talking about . 
  i 'm not trying to be contrary , but brits are the only people i 've personally talked to who have this view , and i still do n't really get it . 
  the dynamics between general american and the regional dialects must be different . 
  we do everything short of mandating the use of y' all . 
  actually , there was one time i heard this view from a non-brit . 
  a new foreign exchange student asked a black acquaintance of mine to help her learn to talk like a black person , and she was pretty offended . 
  if i showed up in jackson , ms and could n't understand aave , i 'd probably ask the same thing , though . 
   the only reason any non native uses them is usually to mock . 
   it takes a deliberate attempt to not learn normal english, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i guess the two quoted sentences are where i ca n't quite accept this view . 
  i know i have a regional accent in german because i never studied it , just picked up from living in germany . 
  in spanish , it 's similar because i did n't learn much standard spanish ( whatever that is ) in school and learned in three different countries , so my accent kind of drifts depending on who i 'm talking to . 
  it took no deliberate attempt at all . 
  using a fake regional accent to mock people is something i associate exclusively with native speakers . 
  i guess britain must just be special that way . 
  according to the top of the graph , the percentage of of chinese international students is the global percentage , not just for australia , which explains the discrepancy . 
  i 've heard similar things from other people , and noticed an error or two while looking through the spanish course myself . 
  send them a detailed message with the problem and they 'll probably include it in the next update . 
  dialect is just a political distinction . 
  calling them dialects asserts the unified national/ethnic chinese identity . 
  in europe , things like cantonese/mandarin/minnan would undoubtedly be called languages . 
  they can be as mutually unintelligible as french and romanian . 
  most literature refers to `` varieties '' or sometimes `` topolects '' of chinese instead of languages or dialects . 
  mastering the declensions makes latin easier in the same way that knowing how to swim makes it easier to beat michael phelps . 
  it 's not so much that it makes it easier , but that it 's otherwise impossible . 
  the true god in my baozi !!, 
  : jesus ' face on my breakfast,
