  thanks for sharing . 
  it amazes me the kind of people who get to publish their opinion on big sites like the new york times . 
  a lot of racists ( of varying degrees ) have a weird relationship with east asians in general . 
  a lot of the seminal works of modern racism rely on iq studies and studies on biological differences between black people , white people , and east asians . 
  for almost all of the metrics -- iq , age of sexual maturity , sexual potency , crime rate , violence , brain size , etc. 
  -- asian people score `` better '' than whites . 
  there are various ways white racists jump through mental hoops to avoid or deal with the fact that their arguments indicate they 're as inferior to asians as black people are to them , but they often end up with a weird admiration or fetishization of asian culture . 
  japan is an extra good target because they 're stereotyped as having a lot of values and traits that racists value , plus their unabashedly nationalist/supremacist worldview and policy . 
  you know you 're asking someone to do about 45 minutes of work here , right ? 
  it 's gone . 
   why do you put `` better '' in quotes ? 
  i think it 's better to be less violent instead of more violent . 
   there are no hoops , because we `` racists '' are not interested in proving that anyone is `` inferior '' to anyone . 
  inferior is just the opposite of better . 
  those two statements are contradictory . 
  for good . 
  not enough people were using it , or so they said . 
  they were upvoted when i looked earlier . 
  since then , every comment in the thread has been downvoted a few times . 
  after a semester in mexico , i thought i could understand spanish pretty well . 
  i moved to another spanish speaking country and could hardly understand anything at first . 
  a year later , i * really * felt like my spanish was good . 
  then i moved to andalucia . 
  tbh , in a year , i never really got to the point where i could fully understand old men talking to each other , but i was feeling pretty good about understanding spanish . 
  these days i rarely run across speakers i ca n't understand , but they 're still out there . 
  i saw an interview with someone from chile a while back and i could barely figure out what their point was , much less understand every word . 
  the trick is to go out and talk to `` normal '' people and practice with them . 
  go watch soccer at the bar , go play pool , go do whatever it is these people you ca n't understand do and hang out with them . 
  it gets better in time . 
  question to the people answering : i did a quick google of [ `` dinge , woran '' ] ( https://www.google.com/?hl=en#hl=en&amp;q=%22dinge,+woran%22&amp;* ) and it came up with thousands of examples . 
  that seems to contradict the ideas that it 's wrong because it 's plural and it 's wrong because it 's a concrete noun . 
  are they all wrong ? 
  is there something that makes them different than op 's example sentence ? 
  is it dialectical or colloquial ? 
  not that i do n't believe y' all , it 's just that the current explanations do n't seem sufficient . 
  it 's the character for love . 
  it 's pronounced \u00e0i in mandarin and oi3 in cantonese . 
  this does n't make sense to me in english . 
  it says \u7db2\u7d61\u4f4d\u7f6e , which means network location . 
  sounds like everyone in my latin classes , just more british . 
  did i not make it clear that this is what racist studies and books indicate ? 
  * race , evolution , and behavior * comes to mind as one of these pseudo-scientific books full of racist bullshit . 
  i think the whole approach of scientific racism is flawed . 
  i do n't think east asians are superior at all , and if you got that from my comment , you need to work on your reading skills . 
  i 've never heard the term allophonic pronunciation used like this . 
  i knew spanish before learning latin , and i transferred the phonemes over one to one for the most part . 
  i missed out on a lot of things , like difference in vowel quality between short and long vowels , the length distinction itself , and so on . 
  i do n't think classical latin sounded particularly like italian or any of the major romance languages . 
  i went to one of these whole-day-long birthday parties germans seem fond of throwing for important birthdays . 
  at one point , i was sitting with some people i did n't know , and after about an hour or so of talking the conversation turned to their experiences with wehrdienst and zivildienst . 
  one of the guys asked me which one i had done , then seemed legitimately surprised i did n't grow up here . 
  another guy said he just assumed i had a migration background ( which i do , i guess , but more recent than they thought ) . 
  another time i was talking with a guy about his vacation to the us to visit some family who had moved there , and another guy walked up and joined the conversation . 
  after a few minutes , he was like , `` wait , where are you from ? '', 
  it was only a few minutes , but it still feels good to know i can blend in for a bit . 
  just to keep it honest , i also had a very not-victory experience when i went to try to clear something up with my insurance company . 
  i swear that 's like a completely different language . 
  but on the plus side , i feel like i can deal with the fact that i have no idea what they 're talking about fairly naturally . 
  of course some languages will take more time than others . 
  glossika 's claims of how long the course will take are optimistic to the point of untruth for some of the more difficult languages . 
  but if i understood your question , you 're asking if the method is the most efficient method for every language . 
  yes with a couple of exceptions . 
  yes , it sticks to the fundamentals of what you need to actually learn the language . 
  in that way , it 's very efficient no matter the language . 
  there 's one exception i 'd bring up . 
  the first is that it 's probably overkill for easier languages . 
  you might as well just jump into native material if you 're learning closely related languages , say portuguese from spanish or something like that . 
  not that the course wo n't be one of the best ones out there , but it might be easier to not use a course and just google the differences and wing it . 
  i put on a portuguese audiobook the other day . 
  i can understand  70 % of it at least . 
  why would i bother with a course , especially one that takes as much time as glossika . 
  if your concern is that people do n't automatically pick up the grammar of more difficult languages , i think that 's unfounded . 
  i 'm only b1 + ish in chinese , but i 'll still use it as an example because i used glossika for it . 
  i have no idea how chinese grammar works . 
  if you asked me to tell you the rules , i 'd be completely at a loss . 
  but i can still construct sentences better than a lot of learners at similar levels because they kind of come out automatically . 
  i did n't use glossika for german , but same story there because i also learned from picking it up instead of explicit grammar study . 
  for the most part things just feel right or do n't . 
  of course , my sense is n't a native speaker 's , but it 's much more like my feel for english than spanish , which i learned in school . 
  also , the best course is always the one that fits your learning style and needs . 
  it 's one of the things that makes glossika great , because it 's a very malleable course . 
  you do n't have to use it exactly like the instructions . 
  that said , there are plenty of other great ways to learn a language that rely on similar principles . 
  10k sentences is an especially similar method . 
  the thing is , most of those other methods require the learner to do a lot of the legwork and structure their learning themselves . 
  that 's not always easy for newer learners or desirable for whatever reason , and glossika is the only company providing a course like this . 
  i would n't say glossika is the most efficient method , but i would say that it is the most efficient commercially available course . 
  america is an outlier in this regard . 
  i think it 's one of the reasons americans make friends so quickly . 
  i 've lived in 11 different places , 5 inside the us , 6 outside the us . 
  in every place in the united states , i had new friends within a couple of weeks of moving . 
  it 's not considered weird to talk to strangers , friendships do n't have to be set-in-stone , lifelong ordeals . 
  you start talking to people , tell them you just moved , they invite you to hang out , and either you keep going or realize you do n't like them and find other people . 
  a lot of people share the experience of being in a new place with no contacts , so this seems normal . 
  in 4/6 places i 've lived outside the united states , this was not the case . 
  europeans , especially , seem to largely keep the friends they had in school . 
  after school , they may slowly make friends with people they have lots of contact with , but it 's not like the us where you 're a part of the gang after knowing people for a week . 
  germany is my home outside of the us , and pretty much every friendship i have here has taken a year or more to develop . 
  the two places outside of the us where it was easy to make friends were both in latin america . 
  i 'm not sure what makes it that way .
