  not only does it help with the written language , but it 's easier to make connections between how the words sound when i know that they use the same character . 
  the whole thing about japanese characters being a different kind of simplification is a non-issue . 
  everyone who knows chinese can read simplified and traditional , and japanese is usually somewhere in the middle . 
  but the vocab and characters are pretty much the only way it helps . 
  there are a couple of other similarities : measure words , an japanese `` no '' ( no ime , sorry ) acts a lot like \u7684 in mandarin , for example . 
  but in general , the grammar and sounds are vastly different and mandarin only helps with the writing system . 
  but that 's a pretty big help . 
  i know i 'd hate to learn 2000 more characters for the same ideas . 
  korean seems much less transparent to me . 
  you only know the characters if you look them up in a dictionary , and without knowing the characters , sometimes it 's hard to see/hear the connection to mandarin in the borrowed vocab . 
  like japanese , everything besides the characters and some vocab is completely different , so no help there . 
  tl ; dr helps with sino-xenic vocab , more for japanese than korean . 
  im westen nichts neues is a great book , and not too difficult after you learn the military vocab . 
  it does happen between states ( e.g , many well-educated southerners find jobs in other parts of the country ) , but there 's very little brain drain from the us to other places . 
  we 're usually the recipient of someone else 's brain drain , not the drainee , due in large part to the reputation of our universities and subsequent job opportunities for highly skilled workers . 
  they 're pretty rare , but they show up sometimes . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tudou.com/programs/view/2uuopk6ej9m/?resourceid=0_06_02_99 ) 's one . 
  i 'd be okay with bear bryant bills , though . 
  this . 
  i would also add that you can think of it like a rhetorical question , like `` why would he want to be a teacher ? 
  = he does n't want to be a teacher . 
  or \u6211\u54ea\u77e5\u9053 , how would i know ? 
  = i do n't know . 
  i think it 's a little stronger than just using \u4e0d or \u6ca1 or whatever , but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  it 's true they 'd prefer a chinese person who speaks english , but there 's a big shortage of them in china . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting this great number from . 
  there 's a lot , but it 's a tiny amount compared to the number of people and businesses in china . 
  the way i see it , the biggest problem with learning chinese is not that it 's not useful , but that you 'd likely end up working for a chinese company , which you 'd probably rather not do . 
  but learning chinese opens a huge section of people and companies that do n't have chinese english-speakers on staff . 
  unfortunately , my wooden flooring chinese is n't that great , but it has something to do with the colors . 
  the first word means light color or undertint , and the second means qualified . 
  do n't be dense . 
  it does n't matter that mandarin speakers are actually diverse . 
  in the minds of 95 % of chinese people , if you do n't look chinese , they 're surprised if you speak chinese . 
  i 'm sure that 's what op meant , that op did n't look like someone who spoke chinese ** to the shopkeeper ** , so it surprised them . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate that stereotype too , but this group of chinese learners on the internet is the choir you 're preaching to . 
  if you 're looking for english subs , asiatorrents.me is probably your best bet . 
  i live in the mainland ( anhui ) , and i hear both a lot . 
  the \u5417 construction is probably the most common , but not by a lot . 
  x\u4e0dx is also very common , but it 's often shortened to x \u3002 \u3002 \u3002 \u4e0d . 
  for example , instead of saying \u5728\u4e0d\u5728 , you say \u5728\u4e0d \uff1f i see this on the internet too , so i do n't think it 's too regional , or if it is , it 's a fairly well-known regionalism . 
  there are more ways to ask questions , too . 
  \u53ef \u3002 \u3002 \u3002 or \u53ef \u3002 \u3002 \u3002 \u5417 are also very common where i am , for example . 
  \u53ef\u6709\u8bfe \uff1f = \u6709\u8bfe\u5417 \uff1f there 's not really any appreciable difference in meaning between the three as far as i can tell , except that \u53ef is considered a bit nongish by some people . 
  yes , exactly . 
  in my textbook i only saw that construction with \u6ca1 , but it seems pretty common with \u4e0d in china too . 
  maybe i just skipped that chapter , who knows . 
  if you can focus on two things , why not ? 
  doing each separately is probably more effective , but sometimes i watch a movie or listen to podcasts while doing anki , not because i think it 's more effective , but just because it keeps me sane . 
  i doubt there 's any real positive or negative impact on your studying . 
  i live in a city of about 900,000 or so . 
  there 's always plenty to do , as long as you like drinking on the street , playing pool , chatting with people , cookouts , and the like . 
  i do n't know what else to do even when i 'm in a big city , so it 's great for me . 
  the one thing i miss is concerts . 
  the artists who are desperate enough to come play for the five people who go to concerts at the one livehouse here are n't the best . 
  having people stare at you everywhere is annoying , but eventually you go places enough times that people all get the \u54ea\u56fd\u5bb6\u7684 conversations out of the way , and that 's it . 
  now i only really notice it when i go to the other side of town . 
  nobody bats an eye at the nearby rtmart , vegetable market , bar , night market , restaurants , buxingjie , etc. 
  i get stared at more when i visit bigger cities than i do at home . 
  it 's very cheap . 
  i usually do n't spend more than 10 kuai a meal , but a plate of dumplins or one dish and rice is enough for me . 
  you can rent a place for < 500 kuai a month . 
  a taxi all the way across town runs about 10-11 kuai , but i usually take a bike . 
  if it were n't for beer , movies , and my taobao addiction , my expenses would be borderline nothing . 
  and yeah , anything not available in the city is available on taobao . 
  the negatives : the air sucks , especially when the farmers are burning the chaff , and people here are some of the most ignorant people i have ever seen in my entire life . 
  in a lot of cases i ca n't blame them , but damn . 
  oh , and all the typical china stuff like shitting in the street , spitting in restaurants , etc amplified a few times . 
  i 'd also caution against moving out into t3-land unless you can get by in chinese . 
  i know one person who made it a year here with almost no chinese , but i think more or less all the foreigners here ( a dozen of us ! ), 
  speak passable chinese , because english-speaking chinese people are very , very rare . 
  if you ca n't , it 's very hard to be independent , and you will probably get tired of seeing the same few foreigners all the time as your only social interaction . 
  \u89e6\u5b9d\u7535\u8bdd has similar functionality in that it lets you call phones over the internet , but i 've never tried calling outside of china with it . 
  if you 're not trying to call a phone number , both people using wechat works the best for internet calls outside of china for me . 
  well , you can call landlines with \u89e6\u5b9d\u7535\u8bdd , but i do n't have any foreign numbers in my phone to test it on for you . 
  that 's the `` if '' part . 
  i think an hour of studying your l2 is worth an hour of studying your l2 , but if you can listen to something while also studying the written aspect , what can it hurt ? 
  maybe op enjoys having more input , maybe it just distracts them . 
  i personally have no problem going through characters on anki while watching chinese tv , and it seems to have been working well enough the last couple of years . 
  suit yourself . 
  like i said , it has always worked for me . 
  mostly racism , stereotypes , and lack of knowledge about non-chinese people . 
  i 'm from the middle of nowhere alabama , not exactly a great example of american multiculturalism and education , but we still grow up interacting with foreigners , going to school with people of different races and backgrounds , and studying geography enough to have a basic understanding of where the continents are , at least . 
  having friends , or even just coworkers , neighbors , or classmates , that are different from you really makes a difference in how empathetic and aware you are . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  i 'm a 26 year old american english speaker , and it 's almost the exact same for me . 
  it used to sound ungrammatical , but like you , it 's changed over the last few years . 
  i never actively tried to use they in that manner , but i find i started to refer to specific , gendered people as they without thinking about it last year . 
  i do n't know any third-gender people with whom i communicate in english , so my best guess is because it always seemed normal refer to specific people on the internet as `` they '' , and that has since crept into my speech . 
  if by take a course , you mean a class with a teacher , then no , i 've never felt that way . 
  i took spanish class in high school because i had to , and did n't learn anything until i actually moved to mexico . 
  since then , i 've learned german with no classes and am making good progress on chinese , and have n't once considered hiring a teacher or signing up for a class . 
  learning by myself , i can move at my own pace , choose material that is interesting and relevant to me without worrying about anyone else , and the answer to 95 % of the questions i have can be found on the internet , or occasionally by asking a chinese person . 
  the only time i 'd want to take a course for a language is if there are scarce resources , in which case a teacher would be invaluable . 
  my pronunciation is okay ; people usually understand me . 
  if they do n't , it 's usually because i 'm misremembering the word or saying the wrong thing , not because i ca n't get the right sounds out of my mouth . 
  when i was self-studying at home , i would compare my voice to recordings from my textbooks , and did a lot of shadowing . 
  after coming to china , i mostly mimic people here . 
  plus , it 's very easy to tell from their reactions if my pronunciation is off , because they will have to think about it before they understand , if they understand at all . 
  just curious , which dialects do you consider difficult to pronounce ?
