  just have everything ready first day of class and hope for the best . 
  the ap test and standardized test scores are more useful than grades anyways . 
   in that respect , the teacher is actually trying to make things easier on you by having you work on it a little bit before the school year proper starts . 
  this is why i despised high school and enjoyed college . 
  teachers trying to `` make things easier '' on me by micromanaging was a huge piss-off for the twelve years it lasted . 
  or mandatory homework in general . 
  huge waste of time . 
  at least the us does n't force people to use its school system like many countries . 
  one nice thing about germany relevant to this situation , though , is that giving out homework over a holiday is illegal . 
  vacation time is sacred , and i appreciate that . 
  i find it weird that people here are calling it the european system . 
  the english page on latin declension lists the cases nom . 
  acc . 
  abl. , whereas the german and russian pages use the traditional nom . 
  acc . 
  abl . 
  order . 
  i 've never noticed the choice of case order being strongly correlated to whether you 're in europe or not . 
  i do n't think it matters because memorizing case endings is n't a big point of difficulty anyways . 
  it 's not like the order is going to make a noticeable difference either way . 
  i do wish we could pick one and stick with it , though . 
  my greek and latin textbooks both used the nom . 
  gen. order , so naturally i find that more natural . 
  your two points at the end just seem like preferences to me . 
  i do n't have any arguments for nom . 
  gen. , but i think those are pretty weak arguments for nom . 
  acc. , too . 
  why should i want repeated endings next to each other ? 
  how does nom . 
  and acc . 
  being next to each other make memorizing how forms change for neuter easier ? 
  i 'm a big fan of [ learning with texts ] ( http://lwt.sourceforge.net/ ) . 
  it 's more or less like a free lingq . 
  if someone honks at a red light behind me i check for out-of-state tags . 
  i 'm right most of the time , and the rest of the time it 's a bmw or some other car that attracts assholes . 
  i will probably judge you if you honk at me right after the light turns green . 
  if for some reason i were sitting there for over three seconds ( does n't happen ) , then i 'd be more understanding . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://mega.nz/#!y54x2bjb!lrvtill954qqwagrhdyzq1h1qjg50vkfhknvukyuikm ) . 
  not perfect , but it 's at least a good place to start . 
  it 's got the fluency and daily life course . 
  it 's also very common in europe , so unless there 's some history i 'm missing out on , the name seems very arbitrary . 
  you 'll do great here . 
  our whole country is kind of based on not liking the monarchy . 
  as someone who 's usually seen as a leftist in europe but often called a conservative in the us ( especially by liberals ) , i think you 're right on about the american left . 
  openly criticizing it will get you branded a conservative , even if you 're squarely on the left economically . 
  i like how vastly different the worlds people live in can be . 
  facts and reason ? 
  we 're talking about the people who think wearing a hijab is feminist , think trans women are real females , think free speech does n't apply when it hurts somebody 's feelings , think protecting women from men is n't a good enough reason for separate bathrooms , think prostitution is a job like any other , think immigration and free trade is n't bad for the american worker , think gmos are dangerous , think vaccines cause autism , think we should n't use nuclear power . 
  not every liberal thinks those things , but most of those positions are held primarily by liberals . 
  republicans are n't any better , but that does n't make liberals good . 
  about these being liberal views or these being anti-science or anti-reason views ? 
   proliferation and popularization of unreliable fringe media and subsequent questioning of legitimate news sources, 
  what media do you consider trustworthy ? 
  i ca n't think of any i trust . 
  * abbandono * is clearly talking about quitting the match here . 
  `` give up '' is a perfectly fine way to say that in english . 
  do you insist on foreigners calling them countries ? 
  because none of the four qualify for the definition of country i learned in school . 
  four countries ca n't make up a country unless it 's brits counting . 
  this is not what i expected to see in a thread about opinions on the uk . 
   just so long as they understand that they are all unique , seperate entities . 
  yeah , like states in the usa . 
  using the league of nations and later un definitions , a country is a place where a resident is subject to the independent exercise of legal jurisdiction . 
  not a perfect definition , but also definitely not describing subdivisions of a modern sovereign state . 
  edit : btw i like brits , have worked with a bunch , think they 're as a whole a great group , but the insistence that i call the subdivisions countries is my hill . 
  if scotland had voted to leave i 'd at least respect that they wanted to be a country . 
   we are definitely a different country to england, 
  were , maybe . 
  yes , the definitions people find seem to indicate that the uk is one country . 
  i 've yet to hear a good argument why they should be called countries when they are n't like the rest of the countries in the world . 
   it crowd, 
  [ you 're a taypass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csh2jwgyzrs ) . 
  this is very helpful . 
  you can also do something similar on http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/ . 
  many of the texts have translations that can be loaded on the side , plus you can click to see the word parsed and a few dictionary entries . 
  that 's a very weird way to pronounce under . 
  it 's usually a schwa or the strut vowel , depending on how you analyze it . 
  jan is normally just / jan / . 
  or is jan pronounced differently in hamburg ? 
  just curious , how does you being a german qualify you for this ? 
  germans have trouble with english phonology the same way americans do with german . 
  an explanation like this requires both . 
  yeah , but they 're still different vowels , ipa or not . 
  the closest english vowel would be rhyming it with john , or the first half of the vowel in tired if you want to be more accurate and make it difficult . 
  there 's a difference between being able to write in english on the internet and hearing the difference between the strut vowel and / a / like an english speaker . 
  very , very few germans can do the latter , and that 's what would be most useful in this case . 
  it works the same way for english speakers who know german . 
  pilot . 
  i just really like their nibs for some reason , and they have a pretty big selection, 
  are they more different than schleswig-holstein and bavaria ? 
  than alabama and new york ? 
  1 ) i do n't think so and 2 ) that would n't make them a country anyways by any definition i know . 
  tamil nadu is very different from punjab but that does n't make it a country . 
  even if i agreed that there is no definition of country ( i would n't ) , it still comes down to me calling them countries because british people say so . 
  that 's not enough for me . 
  they 're different , but not more than any two disparate regions of particularly diverse countries . 
  being different does n't make some place a country . 
  lots of places are super different and are n't separate countries . 
  lots of places are really similar and are n't the same country ( looking at you , canada , austria ) . 
  plus , americans use the word country to refer to sovereign states .
