  it 's still not cheap , but it 's a lot more affordable than going straight to university . 
   when we talk about brain sex about trans people , we are talking about the shape of your brain and that 's literally it . 
  these sizes and shapes are n't exclusive to men and women . 
  there is diversity among female brains and male brains . 
  brain size and shape is not a sex characteristic . 
   brain sex and gender roles have absolutely nothing to do with each other . 
  if when you hear `` gender identity , '' you think `` gender roles , '' the problem is you and not us . 
  i do n't confuse them . 
  i reject that gender identity is biologically determined . 
  sex is , gender is n't . 
   gender identity and `` personality '' are not the same thing , like you think they are . 
  i do n't think they are . 
  i 'm well read on feminist issues and understand the terms used by trans activists and queer theorists . 
  i think they are wrong , or their analysis is misapplied , depending on the situation and the theorist involved . 
  i think liberals take and misappropriate these terms to infiltrate and harm the feminist movement , obscuring their message . 
  for example , judith butler 's conception of gender identity is not biologically determined , but a bunch of people with agendas have taken it and turned it into something else . 
  that 's a youtube video of a professor saying a lot of really scientific things like `` very reliably '' . 
  show me the stats . 
  show me the studies where it 's proven that certain brain shapes and sizes are exclusive to one sex or another . 
  wow . 
  let 's start off with [ this one ] ( http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/840538_3 ) . 
  had to google around to get more than an abstract . 
  the first paragraph is about people who would largely be classed as intersex . 
  0 % of the male-raised xy people identified as females . 
  imagine that . 
  22 % of the xy people raised as females started living as males . 
  if your argument is that chromosomal sex has a large impact on your gender identity , i agree . 
  nothing about brain sex independent from chromosomal sex . 
  also , stop appropriating intersex narratives as trans . 
  the second paragraph is also about intersex people . 
  xy people raised as males stayed males . 
  29 % of xy people raised as females later chose to live as men . 
  socialization is the largest factor here , followed by chromosomal sex . 
  nothing about brain sex , and intersex people are n't trans . 
  they can be , but it 's not the same thing . 
  in the third study , 95 % of xx people with cah continued living as women . 
  at 5 % incidence is not a determining factor . 
  genital ambiguity is also associated with this condition , so again , intersex . 
  6th paragraph, 
   these studies support the hypothesis that atypical cerebral networks in transgender individuals have a neuroanatomical basis . 
  basis does not mean it 's biologically determined . 
   gray matter studies, 
   generally found in control females, 
  if there are cis men who also display these traits or cis women who do not , it 's not biologically determined . 
  i did n't see anything about that . 
   the above studies are limited by the fact that they involved postmortem examinations of a small number of brains from mtf individuals , some of whom had either received hormone treatment or surgery . 
  therefore , the study findings may represent confounding effects from exogenous hormones in a small group of transgender individuals . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  then they continue, 
   despite their small sample size , these studies provide valuable evidence that gender identity is linked to neuroanatomy . 
  political handwaving . 
  for citations 13 and 14, 
   these subjects were shown to have a pattern that was more similar to control males . 
  `` more similar '' is an argument that there is a biological component , not that it 's biologically determined . 
  that 's the issue with most of the later studies . 
  correlation is not causation . 
  there is a biological component to lots of human traits , but it does not always determine them . 
  none of those studies show causation , or show that cis women with masculinized brains do not exist . 
  if anything , the studies on intersex people at the beginning indicate that even if someone is chromosomally male , they are likely to continue identifying as female if they were raised as female . 
   you 're right . 
  science is an anti-feminist conspiracy designed by liberals . 
  yep , science is never used by political groups for their own purposes and gains . 
  nazis definitely did n't produce widely , internationally published race science . 
  i see no reason not to think another group is doing something similar in order to co\u00f6pt and weaken revolutionary movements . 
  would you like to respond to my criticisms of the studies ( edit : or rather , the interpretations of them ) , since you know them better ? 
  right now you 're just telling me i do n't understand the studies . 
  i 've put in a good faith effort to read and respond to a source you linked . 
  i picked a review , because it covers more arguments . 
  if i have misunderstood , please help me understand how instead of just telling me i do n't know . 
   you think neurologists who believe trans people have a biological reason for being trans are the same as nazis . 
  :| wow . 
  no , i think that science can be and is political . 
  you mocked me for thinking that people were using science to political ends , so i offered an example of that same thing happening . 
  edit : the book is n't specifically about the science of transgenderism , but * delusions of gender * tackles a lot of the same issues regarding sexism in neuroscience , written by a neuroscientist . 
  if i 'm truly unfamiliar with the material ( i 'm not ) , and i truly put in no effort , you should be able refute the content of what i said , rather than avoid it . 
  it 's the most famous example of politicized science . 
  you do n't have to take me seriously , just like i do n't have to take you seriously . 
  but i do , because i think open dialogue is critical to resolving conflicts . 
   yes i have heard of the delusion of gender . 
  i see that the book contains all the information you ever care to know , and it has already made up your mind for you . 
  it 's a bit dismissive to think my views are based on one book . 
   this is n't about `` sexism in neuroscience . '', 
  this is n't about claiming that women are incapable or doing math or that they only like sewing . 
  that is not what we are saying when we say `` female brain . '', 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i know the book is about something different , but her criticisms of the methodology often apply to the issue of research on brain sex as well . 
   i hope i can avoid people like you , and i hope people like you will stay out of politics and away from my civil rights . 
  i 've been organizing and advocating for trans and other feminist and lgb issues for a decade . 
  i do n't plan on stopping . 
  i 'm sorry you feel so negatively about me , and i 'm sorry we could n't continue our conversation . 
  i do take you seriously , because you are a human being . 
  you do n't have to justify yourself or your identity to me , and you should n't have to justify it to anyone . 
  do n't speak portuguese , but would translating it as receptive , susceptible , or reception staff make sense ? 
  if you have to repeat them over and over again while they 're young , that 's pretty normal . 
  you can try lowering your graduating interval , easy interval , and starting ease if you want , as well . 
  those are all in the new cards tab of the deck options menu . 
  i do n't know how you 're answering right now , but try selecting * hard * more often after seeing the card . 
  even if you know it , if you think it will be difficult and want to see it sooner , hit * hard * . 
  some people say you should study what you 're going to memorize before you put it into anki , which helps with this problem , but does n't really suit a core deck . 
  you should only really worry if you 're getting a lot of mature cards wrong .
