   is feminism only for women ? 
  that 's a radfem thing . 
  i get where they 're coming from , but disputes between radfems and marxists normally boil down to radfems not seeing the struggle against the patriarchy as a part of a larger struggle , or prioritizing it differently . 
  ( that 's a super biased simple explanation ) that critique should n't apply to any marxists . 
   are trans-women claiming to have the same lived experience as dfab women ? 
  of are they just looking for a space where they can exist as women today ? 
  how someone approaches that affects whether they need to be criticized for it or not . 
   i lean towards an intersectional feminist philosophy personally . 
  intersectionality is an approach that does not exclude radical feminism or even proper terfs , and it certainly does n't exclude any kind of marxist feminism , including revolutionary feminism . 
  what does being an intersectional feminist mean to you ? 
  to me it seems like a very vague descriptor . 
  it does , but that describes most every major strain of feminism out there today , from liberals to radfems . 
  i 'm not telling you what you can and ca n't do . 
  i 'm telling you certain actions are not revolutionary . 
  i 'm also not telling you what trans women are and are not . 
  i disagree with you about how patriarchal systems of oppression are enforced and supported . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to figure out from / u/broff . 
  pretty much every feminist claims to be intersectional , as far as i can tell . 
  i suppose the `` lean in '' kind of liberal feminism is not intersectional . 
  i agree with / u/broff 's definition . 
  it 's just the pacing of the conversation that made me question what they meant . 
  i 'm lucky enough that most of the feminists i know irl do use intersectional analysis , or at least claim to . 
  so when i read / u/broff saying they were an intersectional feminist , i did n't understand what they were trying to communicate . 
  that happens a lot on the internet when people are coming from completely different contexts . 
   i was never a male . 
  i thought i was . 
  i was wrong . 
  society thought you were and expected you to be during formative years . 
  what made you a female then ? 
  what makes you one now ? 
  no law and order on netflix in my country . 
  i had a pakistani friend who would constantly get addressed in spanish in the us . 
  now that i live in europe , i get addressed in arabic fairly often . 
  i 've never thought it was only a racist thing . 
  if i see someone who looks american , there 's a good chance i 'll address them in english . 
  i 've been wrong before , but it 's weird to speak a foreign language one on one with someone you share a native language with . 
  and since looking american is n't really a racial thing , i do n't think race is why i address them in english . 
   simply the fluidity ( the fluency ? 
  :-p ) in which they speak . 
  that 's how the word fluency is used in academic literature on language education and acquisition . 
  it 's just how quickly and fluidly it comes out . 
  i do n't know why there are so many posts here today trying to define something that already has an accepted definition . 
   ( there 's lots of overlap with proficiency in this regard ), 
  i 'm not familiar with the word fluency being used that way in academia . 
  it 's the common use that has more or less the same meaning as proficiency . 
  edit : pro tip for the future : [ tatoeba ] ( http://tatoeba.org/eng/sentences/search?query=start+to+learn&amp;from=eng&amp;to=deu ) is good at answering these kinds of questions . 
  i like notes that are audio -  tl/l1 . 
  those kind of notes help with listening , sure . 
  germany has apologized . 
  all german students grow up learning about germany 's war crimes . 
  it 's illegal to deny the holocaust in germany . 
  germany has gone and goes to great efforts to protect its liberal constitution and educate and legislate against naziism . 
  that ca n't be said about japan . 
  it 's only unpopular because students do n't talk to native speakers on their own time and get almost nothing out of the classes . 
  i do n't have a problem with dropping foreign language requirements in american schools . 
  most americans do n't have anything to use a foreign language for . 
  spanish has less prestige , which leads to very unmotivated students , and there 's no other language most americans regularly come in contact with , much less need . 
  the article mentioned the dative as being second semester german . 
  is that for real ? 
  you ca n't do anything without the dative . 
  no wonder students hate and get nothing out of their language classes if they 're taught like that . 
  which myth ? 
  germany has shown at a deep and structural level that they 're trying to avoid the mistakes made in the 30s . 
  what does the average japanese person learn about racism and japanese war crimes ? 
  are japanese politicians allowed to deny war crimes ? 
  it 's difficult to change how people interact with you , and if they 're still trans in a few years , they 'll start puberty blockers ~ ~ which can have large health effects that last a lifetime ~ ~ . 
  even just sticking to the social consequences , they can have a large impact on a child 's development , both the pressure and discrimination of being trans and the misgendered socialization , if the child later decides to identify with their birth sex . 
   just living their life as they feel most comfortable and authentic . 
  an 8-year-old . 
  it 's a shame that society makes people feel so uncomfortable with their bodies and gender roles that even children feel the need to live as a different gender . 
  it 's bad enough when it 's pressure from peers and media and whathaveyou , but parents pushing children to act like boys or act like girls is something i find really horrifying , and i feel very blessed that my parents let me be feminine when i felt like it without making a big deal out of it . 
  i 'm sorry you had to go through that . 
  i agree . 
  we can recognize that gender is socially constructed , and also recognize that this construct exists and affects people 's lives . 
  i 100 % agree that people should be able to choose how they deal with a gendered , patriarchal society . 
  for some people , that 's living as the gender they most identify with . 
  for others , it 's being gender non-conforming . 
  for most people , the path of least resistance is just to conform to their birth gender . 
  i would never say people or kids should n't worry about their gender . 
  even though it 's a social construct , it will have a huge impact on their life . 
  i do n't entirely follow the end of your comment , but yes , i wish gender did n't exist . 
  but it does , and everybody has to find a way to live with how it affects them . 
  what kind of applying ? 
  applying knowledge , applying for a job , something else ? 
  you 'd have better luck asking on / r/chineselanguage , which has a lot more people learning chinese , or on / r/china , which is where most foreigners living in china hang out . 
  i just finished my first pass of the first harry potter in russian doing listening reading . 
  i plan on continuing in the new year and hope to be able to comfortably read and listen to russian by the end of the year ( ~ b2 passive skills ) . 
  i 'm planning on keeping up with it on / r/totalanguage . 
  hopefully some other people will start using it at the beginning of the year , as well . 
  it 's not about being equal , it 's about abolishing the social constructs surrounding biological sex , which is the only way we 'll ever get true equality between the sexes . 
  i reject that there is such a thing as an innate gender identity , so naturally i 'm going to disagree with you on some of these issues . 
  there are sexual differences and there are the constructs we 've built around them - what i refer to as gender . 
  many trans people experience discomfort on account of feeling mismatched with their bodies , but ascribing this to an innate difference in the brain is unsupported by the evidence ( though things can always change ) and would mean a big setback for feminists who have been fighting for gender abolition for decades . 
  of course my explanation is that behaving `` like a boy '' ( which as i mentioned , is socially constructed and largely arbitrary ) or being treated `` like a boy '' is a complete mindfuck when you do n't have anything in common with society 's notion of boyhood besides the plumbing . 
  i know this is an unpopular view , and denying the existence of an intrinsic gender identity is often seen as anti-trans . 
  so , i 'm sorry i disagree with you on issues that may be very important to your life and identity . 
  i can only try to reassure you that i do n't see transpeople as different from anyone else in terms of how they navigate gender roles and presentation . 
  some people just have more extreme conflicts with the patriarchal gender system than others , and everyone has to figure out how to get by as well as they can . 
  sorry , i misspoke there . 
  i was thinking about the continuing transition process , which generally is n't started until later .
