  close enough . 
  that was a fun quiz , thanks for sharing . 
  are there really that many books ? 
  who publishes random foreigners writing aimless books about china ? 
  i find synthetic languages much easier . 
  like others are saying , learning analytic languages seems to result in a lot of head-scratching , even when you know all the words and think you understand the grammar . 
  synthetic languages are more difficult at the very beginning , but after you get the conjugations/declensions down , it makes reading and understanding easier than analytic languages , where i feel like ( source : my ass/comparing hungarian and chinese ) there are more sentence patterns to be learned by heart . 
  not that my experience will change your mind , but i 've lived in parts of spain and hungary around gypsies . 
  in hungary about 25 % of the people in my building were gypsies . 
  they were all pretty mellow and we got along great . 
  one of them played fiddle with me sometimes . 
  similar story living in some caves in spain . 
  are there thieves ? 
  criminals ? 
  sure . 
  but that can be said of any group of people , especially poor and marginalized groups , and there 's a very long history behind why crime is as common as it is in the roma community . 
  but they 're individuals , like any other group of people . 
  if you want to be pissed off at someone who stole your dog , go for it . 
  but `` gypsies '' as a whole did n't steal your dog . 
  some asshole ( s ) stole your dog . 
  mi vidis `` the avengers '' - on = mi vidis na the avengers . 
  i had a european history professor who would n't let us use the copula or `` have '' as a helping verb . 
  writing history papers without perfect tenses was a bitch . 
  if you 're worried about meeting people after moving to a new place , you might get better answers from / r/socialskills or something . 
  as far as building a social life specifically while teaching ? 
  if you have evening classes , that can make things more difficult , but mostly it 's like meeting people outside of any job . 
  i also do n't really understand what you 're asking . 
  do you have a specific question ? 
  i 'd strongly recommend learning the language of the place you 're going . 
  it 'll open up a lot more options for you socially . 
  i 'm pretty introverted , but after i move somewhere new , i force myself to go out regularly until i have some new friends . 
  how easy it is depends a lot on where you are , in my experience . 
  central america and china are absurdly easy to make friends in . 
  germany not so much , and spain has plenty of latin americans , so it was n't too bad , but i finished a year there with only one friend who was actually from spain . 
  yeah , i get a lot of leniency . 
  pay a few days later ; having trouble finding that extra coin for your 6 kuai chicken leg , do n't worry about it , stuff like that . 
  also , because it was a pain to get a card for the public bikes , someone let me use a cousin 's who does n't need it . 
  someone borrowed me a guitar after i moved here until i could buy another one . 
  that kind of friendliness is n't specific to china , but i 'd definitely say people here are more hospitable than less . 
  and yes , sometimes you help other people too . 
  no , that 's not just in china . 
  yes , people expect their friends to help them out . 
  it 's not bad , it 's called not being a leech . 
  one day maybe i 'll remember the difference without having to think about it . 
  one is not a lot more difficult than the other . 
  some people think mandarin is easier because of its grammar , some people think japanese is easier due to its pronunciation and all the english loans . 
  either way , it 's a ton of work . 
  mandarin will be easier for you because you already speak some and you have family to talk to . 
  even though that 's not exciting to you now , it can turn into a big motivating factor . 
  that being said , if you 're more excited about japanese , learn japanese . 
  people say it all the time here , and i might as well repeat it : motivation is the single most important thing to consider when learning a language . 
  if you do n't have a good reason , you wo n't put in the time , you wo n't be interested , and you 'll eventually stop studying . 
  how much do you like anime ? 
  five years of studying japanese 's worth ? 
  or will you keep being drawn back to chinese because of your family connections ? 
  there 's not a right answer , you just have to choose what you think you think you can stick with . 
  i 'm impressed that they managed to write a whole article on china 's schools without also mentioning the open cheating and plagiarism . 
  no way those pisa scores can be compared directly with other countries . 
  there 's a reason the sat is n't offered in mainland china . 
  and the cheating is on top of all the other stuff the article was right about . 
  cheating . 
  the same reason the sat stopped offering tests on the mainland : they could n't ensure that their anti-cheating policies were strictly enforced . 
  someone else in the thread said that pisa only used results from schools in shanghai , hong kong , and macau , which also sounds plausible and makes the results just as useless when compared to other nations . 
  i use baidu maps . 
  it works about the same as google maps . 
  qq also has qq maps , but i 've never really tried it . 
  yes , being immersed in a language you 're not good at can put a huge amount of fatigue and stress on you . 
  after three days without a language i speak well , my brain is fried and my ability to speak starts dropping . 
  after three weeks , i never want to hear the language i 'm learning again . 
  but after you get over the stress and mental blocks , it will be extremely good for your spanish . 
  just force yourself to go out , and make sure destressing is a part of your daily routine . 
  when you 're tired and do n't want to speak spanish , pick activities that get you out around spanish without forcing you to speak much . 
  i do n't know where you are in mexico , but shitty ska concerts were my go-to when i was there . 
  if you do n't find a way to relax and recharge , you could end up retreating further and further from the language and not learning much from your environment . 
  immersion is n't a double-edged sword for your language skills , but it can be too much for some people in other ways . 
  you 're certainly not the first or last to have this problem , but you can overcome it . 
  if you can follow the story without reading along , it 's helpful . 
  if it is just noise to you , it probably wo n't help much . 
  you 'll get used to the way the language sounds , but it would be more effective to read along . 
  or read along with the translation while listening to afrikaans . 
  [ this ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/listening-reading_method ) is a good method for using audiobooks . 
  you do n't have to follow it exactly , but it might give you some ideas . 
  nouns often mark the genitive singular and mark the dative in the plural . 
  some nouns ( e.g. 
  name ) also mark the accusative/dative in the singular . 
  an inflected dative form ( e.g. 
  weg -  wege ) also shows up in literature and some fossilized phrases sometimes , but it does n't come up much . 
  solution : take smoke breaks in the bathroom . 
  or just threaten to shit on people 's shoes , you should n't have to deal with that . 
  i studied it for a while because i knew some people who spoke it . 
  there are pretty much no resources . 
  i found a couple of school books and a hymnal while i was living there , but nothing more . 
  i just had to learn by practicing , but i moved away before i got any good at it . 
  any beginner questions i might be able to help with , feel free to ask unless a native speaker pops up , but they 're pretty scarce . 
  i was n't even on the coast , just at a school with a decent number of people from there . 
  you can hear miskito all over honduras , because the coast is n't that developed and plenty of people come to other parts of honduras for work or whatever other reasons . 
  i think there are around 200k speakers , but i 'm not sure . 
  everyone i met from la mosquitia speaks the language . 
  just be warned , it can be a rough place . 
  honduras in general , but especially la mosquitia .
