  some accents do have a kind of covert prestige , though . 
  the californian accent shows up an undue amount in media , and has a certain cool factor to it for some people . 
  african-american vernacular english has a lot of prestige in media , as well , especially around music . 
  even the europeans have started using elements of aave in their english-language pop songs . 
  i 'm not sure what the technical name is , but the cmt ( country music television ) accent has a certain prestige as well . 
  it 's weird to hear kids where i 'm from sound more like pop cornball country star # 137 than their parents , but it 's happening . 
  there are also some accents that just are n't looked down on much . 
  you 're not going to miss out on many job opportunities because you have a manhattan or minnesotan accent compared to appalachian or aave . 
  as to why , i think it 's a part of constructing our national identity . 
  france , germany , and italy all went through periods where the standard accents were pushed extremely hard after they became nations . 
  this was even more important in the us , where there was no one ethnic identity or cultural background tying everyone together . 
  it 's also used as a tool to preserve the social order . 
  black people and appalachians are poor because they ca n't speak right , etc. 
   but there also seems to be a correlation between being able to learn via `` immersion '' alone and having to actually use book/course study to learn a language later in life . 
  adults learn languages through immersion all the time . 
  i can think of no fewer than five native spanish-speaking people i know in the us that i do n't think have ever studied english in their life and speak pretty well . 
  one of them is n't literate in any language and , considering the limitations of being illiterate , he gets by fine . 
  it 's mostly a matter of repeating what you hear and figuring stuff out by context . 
  also , the idea that people ca n't learn a language if they do n't learn one in the critical period is still disputed , last i checked . 
  there are so few cases that it 's difficult to control for other factors and get a decent sample size . 
  it 's definitely going to hurt , but i 'd rather have people 's first association with my accent be fargo than deliverance . 
  cheese . 
  not really an answer to your question , but my whole time growing up i only knew cheese as the little orange squares in plastic and the shredded stuff for mexican food . 
  a combination of a hillbilly family and dollar general as a grocery store tends to limit exposure to fancy options . 
  i went to college and the professor brought in a plate of some special kind of cheese one day . 
  first mistake , i asked what it was . 
  i got an answer i did n't understand , but i played along . 
  second mistake , i ate the wax on the outside . 
  i did n't think it was very good . 
  thankfully someone noticed and pointed out my mistake . 
  this was probably age 20 or so . 
  these days i have access to all kinds of cheese living in germany , but i still tend to get whatever the cheapest sliced stuff is . 
  i have to admit it 's way better than the kraft singles . 
   also i understand that chinese languages share the same writing system , but the spoken bit is different . 
  so saying that they are just oral is misleading , the chinese script is n't only mandarins , it 's all of them . 
  chinese languages share the use of characters , but the languages are n't written the same . 
  they use different grammar and vocabulary . 
  thinking that only the spoken bit is different is misinformed . 
  there are also chinese languages that are not written in chinese characters or not written at all . 
  many of them are just oral in the sense that there is no acceptable way to write them down . 
  the speakers could write chinese using mandarin words and mandarin grammar , but then they 're not writing their language any more . 
  we have bears now too , near little river canyon that area . 
  it 's not like people sit around and think of names . 
  the word violin came from italy like the music you play on it . 
  the word fiddle ( with some slight changes ) has been used by english speakers since prehistory , before english and other germanic languages even separated . 
  yes , that 's the accent i 'm thinking of . 
  i was n't talking about the surfer accent . 
  come to germany , where they take the swastikas out of video games . 
   fundamentally built on genocide, 
  do fascists commit more genocide than other forms of government ? 
  because while hitler was terrible , the world is n't short on examples of genocide . 
  should we do like hungary and ban the hammer and sickle , too ? 
  ban the japanese flag ? 
  the british flag ? 
  the american flag ? 
  if you want to ban signs whose ideology is associated with genocide , you 'd hardly have any signs left . 
   highest poverty rates in the country , highest number of people on social assistance , highest teen pregnancy rates , worst performing public education schools . 
  we 're poor , yes . 
  that 's what happens when you lose a war and the government gives all your wealth and resources to yankee companies and your monocrop is n't in demand anymore . 
  outside of a few urban areas the economic situation 's not getting better anytime soon . 
   the south 's culture is trash . 
  because of all those economic issues you listed ? 
  this could be exhibit a in why some people hate yankees . 
  but something about you is giving me a self-hating vibe . 
  maybe southern , maybe not . 
  i read them , and it 's horrifying to share a country with someone like you . 
  i do n't know why people expect me to want to be a part of a country where my culture is denigrated every day , in the media , in schools , but mostly by everyday assholes . 
  [ i 'll just watch this and calm down . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykih6b7issa ), 
  a lot of those things in the first paragraph were n't an official part of nazi ideology until the intra-party purges in the early 1930s , culminating in 1934 . 
  the ba'ath party in syria , while not exactly a beacon of good governance , is an example of this ideology played out without the kooky stuff the german nazi party embraced in the late 30s . 
  it just bothers me when people try to reduce genocide to an ideology . 
  hitler was a fascist . 
  hitler and his state committed genocide . 
  that does n't make genocide a fascist thing any more than the irish or bengali genocides make genocide a capitalist thing . 
  the takeover of the nsdap by the racist faction was n't a natural consequence of their ideology , it just happened . 
  the election of andrew jackson is n't a natural result of american ideology , it just happened and then he tried to kill the indians . 
  are the systems partially responsible in both situations ? 
  yes . 
  can we reduce either of these ideologies to being inherently genocidal ? 
  i would argue that we ca n't . 
  it 's not that you disagree with me . 
  it 's that this view on the south is everywhere in mainstream american culture . 
   your fellow patriots, 
  i 'm only a patriot in the sense that i love my homeland and want the best for it . 
  i 'm not hung-up on any one country , and i definitely do n't mesh well with a lot of `` patriots '' . 
   southerners want to maintain their backwards-ass social views , but then be treated like they hold the same respect for equality and progress as most other americans , when they ( generally speaking ) do n't hold any respect for equality or progress . 
  i agree that southerners as a group are n't big on progress as something intrinsically valuable , but most people i know value equality . 
  we were on the wrong side of history 150 years ago . 
  we 're not still on the wrong side of history , and i do n't think our current culture is trash . 
  i also do n't think we should be expected to take bullshit abuse about our trash culture because some yankees disagree with it . 
   i 'm horrifying to my country because of my different views . 
  at least you had more elegance in our conversation . 
  thank you for that . 
  you called us trash . 
  people who call a whole region 's culture trash are despicable human beings . 
   and then you wish you were in some other country where everyone agrees with you . 
  yes , i wish i were in a southern country with other southerners . 
  like some catalans wish they were in a catalan country with other catalans , some scottish people wish they were a country with other scots , etc. 
  i have these views because i care about my country .
