  it 's difficult to capture how tone sounds in writing , so i 'll stick to the consonants and vowels , but the same applies to tones . 
  j\u016dzh\u016b should be / t\u0361\u0255y \u0288\u0361\u0282u / . 
  but what if you say [ d\u0361\u0292y d\u0361\u0292u ] ? 
  the listener will probably hear it correctly because the vowels help distinguish and there 's nothing else it could be , but it 's still not correct . 
  that 's a respectable goal . 
  it can be a real pain if you want to change it later , though . 
  good pronunciation starts with good listening . 
  if you can hear your own accent , you 're halfway to pronouncing it well . 
  if you start speaking before you 've listened enough to have a good phoneme map , your pronunciation usually suffers and it 'll give you some extra work later . 
  as someone from alabama who 's struggling really hard not to tell you about why our accent is the best , if we 're being real , that ohio accent will be received well by almost everyone in the us . 
  sound like a yankee and you alienate the south . 
  sound like a californian , and then you sound like hollywood . 
  sound like the ohioan in that video , and no one will have a clue where you 're from unless they 're really , really good with accents . 
  i naturally speak with a thick southern accent , but i taught myself `` standard '' american english , and that ( in the video ) is the accent i aimed for . 
  it goes over very well and people never think i sound like an ohioan or anything like that . 
  i just sound american , which is what i was going for . 
  the one that really gets me is kevin spacey in house of cards . 
  it seems like a good show , and i really want to like it , but his character is from a different place every sentence . 
  pretty textbook , yeah . 
  more than the south or new york . 
  but the vowels are n't quite right for me . 
  there 's the [ california vowel shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_english#california_vowel_shift ) and , further north , the [ canadian vowel shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_shift ) . 
  also because aave and white imitations of aave do n't sound or look similar most of the time . 
  first person that came to mind when saw this thread . 
  mlb for the dallas cowboys , i think . 
  very good player , just struggled with injuries a lot . 
  i totally get that , but i grew up being dragged to highland games by my kilt-wearing , bagpipe-playing family , and the whole region shares most all our folk songs with scotland , and our dialect shares some words and features other english dialects do n't . 
  not to mention our cheery demeanor . 
  i know that i 'm not scottish in the context of the modern area of scotland , but in an american context , it makes sense to differentiate our ( appalachian ) culture in part by our heritage . 
  we 're not saying we 're scottish like someone from glasgow is scottish . 
  we 're scottish in ways that other americans are n't . 
  the problem is just that americans suck at knowing how to communicate with non-americans because they do n't do it that often . 
  i know better than to tell a scottish person i 'm scottish , because it means something different to them than it does to me . 
  with scottish people i mostly do n't talk about it at all , because they do n't care , or i tell ridiculous stories about fat americans acting scottish at our festivals , because the way we celebrate our heritage is pretty ridiculous sometimes . 
  but for americans who have n't lived in europe and worked with people from outside the us , i think people could be a little more understanding of what they 're trying to communicate . 
  for all the cultural and historical factors that could play into it , realistically it 's probably because canadians tend to be far more aware that a world exists outside their borders and see themselves in that context , instead of the distinctions americans make which only make sense in the context of the us . 
  and i do say i 'm from the us , it 's just that that 's a given for most americans when they talk to each other , at least in areas without a lot of immigration , so it 's hardly worth saying . 
  we have to learn to adapt when we talk to people from outside the us . 
  edit : fun fact , on the census , southerners and appalachians are the only groups who mostly report their ethnicity as american . 
  it 's german in most of the midwest , irish/polish/italian / and whatever else where applicable . 
  it makes sense to say irish when talking to other americans . 
  it 's a useful way to get a lot of information about what makes someone different from other americans in a short time . 
  you can make a good guess about where a person 's from , what religion they are , what food they eat , and some of their general values based on their heritage ( they generally came in waves from the same region ) . 
  my problem with americans is not that we say that among each other , but that we do n't realize how little non-americans care about these minor differences , and how presumptuous it seems when we claim irish or scottish or whatever identity for ourselves . 
  so shit on americans for being internationally incompetent , but it 's a useful thing to say among ourselves . 
  by the way , my partner is german , and i see plenty of this from the other side as well . 
  it 's super annoying . 
  but make fun of us for being stupid americans consumed with the life within our own borders and move on , do n't diss how we relate to each other . 
  what resource ( s ) are you using to study ? 
  most good prep books have explanations and tips , but the best advice i have is to practice , practice , practice the parts you 're struggling with . 
  if you do n't get why your answers are wrong , try coming back and asking about specific questions . 
  why not just stop at german ? 
  ideally you want to be able to hear when something sounds wrong coming out of your mouth , but it takes a long time to get to that point . 
  a good understanding of mandarin phonology would help , but i do n't think you need to necessarily learn ipa as a whole . 
  go to the mandarin phonology wikipedia page . 
  look up all the sounds , make sure you know what distinguishes them from english sounds ( or whatever other languages you speak ) and other mandarin sounds that might sound similar . 
  never forsake listening . 
  you have to be able to distinguish what sounds right when you hear it before you can produce the right sounds when you speak it . 
  intensive listening ( probably at sentence or paragraph length ) for the phonemes , tones , and phrase-level intonation . 
  extensive listening has less immediate and tangible effects , but do n't underestimate how useful it is over a longer amount of time . 
  practicing producing the sounds is important , too , but it sounds like you 're working on that already . 
  making the muscles move right is ( imo ) the easy part after you can reliably self-correct your pronunciation . 
  just keep up the practice and i 'm sure you 'll be fine . 
  i completely support defending yourself and think zero tolerance policies are a way of hiding from dealing with real problems . 
  like others have said , it 's partly due to being too sue-happy , but it 's also easier to ignore bullying when it 's always officially both parties ' fault . 
  but for her tests and stuff does n't she need to translate to german ? 
   it was formed to create a strong economy and maintain the cultural framework, 
  so many people miss this about education . 
  it 's true almost everywhere , though more visible some places than others . 
  educating the students is a secondary concern at best . 
  most important is creating workers for the economy preparing them for life as workers in that economy/culture . 
  me too , but it seems like we 're not posting enough `` today 's episode was pretty good '' posts for op . 
  i know , i 'm just making fun of how boring the posts of satisfied viewers would be \u263a, 
  there 's no n before the g. ng is one sound , like at the end of the word sing , or the middle of the word singer . 
  i do n't think you have to worry about it too much though . 
  when i try to say magnus , the g kind of nasalizes itself without me having to think about it . 
  * study more . 
  * never peek . 
  * do more stuff outside of duolingo, 
  i do n't see why it ca n't be both . 
  germans are generally pretty accommodating when non-german-speakers are around , but there 's no point in enforcing english all the time , either . 
  yeah , i think justsoup got confused because they 're the same character in simplified ( \u5978 ) , but different in traditional . 
  grandfather mountain highland games is a massive celebration of scottish heritage that draws people from all over appalachia . 
  a lot of people in the appalachian mountains are connected to their european heritage , though i think for most people the strongest link is probably the music . 
  in this case , though , op clearly stated that they do n't have any other goals for french . 
  also , language learning shows way less benefit per hour the more advanced you are . 
  it 's not like a formal education ( e.g. 
  medical training ) where you can say i 'll push through to the end . 
  there is no end , really . 
  i like how she opened up with, 
   he ruled with an iron fist , did n't he ? 
  oh come on . 
  some news stations at least still try to pretend to be something besides propaganda outlets . 
  i guess my point was just that if she has to go through german anyways , i do n't see the point of translating it further for her own edification . 
  either you understand it or you do n't . 
  translating to one other language is as good a demonstration of understanding as going all the way to japanese . 
  i think different languages exist primarily in different cultural contexts . 
  germans tend to be more direct than americans , and the german language reflects that . 
  okay , that 's a little over the top , but things like that do n't really work in german . 
  i think that has more to do with the culture than the language , though .
