  even if you do n't usually do cloze deletion cards , it may not be a bad idea to add them to cards that are too similar to distinguish by the definition . 
  what , you do n't think queer spanish speakers have their own preferred * spanish * ways of referring to themselves or being referred to ? 
  be more understanding of how people 's identities are tied to and expressed in their cultures . 
  do n't just try to copy paste your american categories and `` identities '' onto other people . 
  i just noticed you said french , which i 'm not that familiar with , but same story . 
  linguistically it 's arbitrary , but that 's ignoring the fact that they 've been strongly associated with natural gender culturally for a long time . 
  native speakers personify animals based on their grammatical gender , and using the generic masculine in job adds results in fewer female applicants . 
  you can explain how it 's just noun class to native speakers all you want , but it does have effects and implications on gender issues that often are n't present in languages whose gender systems do n't line up with natural gender like they do in europe . 
  i feel like i 've been in my echo chamber for too long . 
  what is the actual argument that god is a capitalist ? 
  i really struggle to get any argument for that out of what i know of the bible . 
  i clicked on the link , clicked bundesliga , and it was the second match listed . 
  they still had tickets . 
   source ? 
  [ here 's one . 
  ] ( https://www.fh-muenster.de/gleichstellung/downloads/generisches_maskulinum_stahlberg.pdf ) it 's for german , and i 'm unfortunately unaware of any for romance languages . 
  i do n't see why it would be significantly different , but without studies that 's just speculation . 
  the popularity of the plural - @s in spanish ( at least in latin america ) makes me think the same factors are at work . 
   the masculine gender actually came about as a fusion of the neuter and masculine genders in latin , which is why it 's used as the ` default ' gender . 
  this is just wrong . 
  yes , it 's a fusion of neuter and masculine genders in latin , but that 's not * why * it 's the default gender . 
  masculine is the default gender in german and most every other european language that retains a three-way distinction , as well . 
  i do n't know what that last paragraph is about . 
  i 'm not saying grammatical gender controls or caused societal attitudes , just that it 's a complicating factor we do n't have in english . 
   i 'd say that the way the grammar is interpreted by the speakers reflects societal attitudes , which would continue to exist even if grammatical gender was lost . 
  of course it reflects societal attitudes , and of course these attitudes would exist either way . 
   for instance , would one argue that the proto indo europeans had more progressive attitudes on gender than their modern descendants because pie possessed only the animate and inanimate ` genders ' ? 
  do afrikaans speakers have more progressive attitudes on gender than germans ? 
  i really doubt it . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  i do n't know who you 're arguing against , but it ai n't me . 
  individuals are stewards . 
  the bible recognizes that people own things , and that things `` belong '' to people . 
  they do include examples of productive capital , so that 's nice . 
  they really start to get somewhere discussing jubilee , and then hand-wave it . 
  everything after that is just talking about modern situations and biblical principles , which i 'm much less interested in than the biblical argument itself . 
  all in all , it was more well-argued than i expected until they got to jubilee and gave up . 
  thanks a lot of the link . 
  that 's the kind of thing i was hoping to see . 
   incorrect . 
  since i said most , i think we need more than one example to claim `` incorrect '' . 
  off the top of my head , greek , romanian , albanian , german , and the slavic languages all have three genders and default to masculine . 
   grammatical `` gender '' really does n't have anything to do with gender identity or biological sex - really grammatical `` gender '' just refers to classes of nouns . 
  my position is that this is wrong , or out of context to the point of being misleading . 
  a lot of `` linguists '' on the internet like to explain away gender issues in language when a linguist 's perspective is one of the less relevant ones . 
  grammatical gender in european languages is demonstrably linked to natural gender in people 's perception . 
  this is not a question for linguists ( except sociolinguists ) . 
  saying grammatical gender does n't have anything to do with biological sex in the context of sexism is like saying `` black people are n't worse than white people '' in a conversation about racism . 
  not wrong , but severely missing the point . 
  and i think op 's question and premise is laughably silly , in case you were wondering . 
  people in gendered languages get by just fine without copying american fads and rhetoric 1 to 1 . 
  though it looks like there are no free places now . 
  i hope you manage to pick up a ticket somewhere else , though . 
  best of luck . 
  not conforming to gender roles as an identity is a cultural ph\u00e6nomenon . 
  even the act of `` identifying as '' something is a cultural thing . 
  there 's not even a way to say that in german that most people would understand . 
  the closest equivalent is * ich lebe als ... * , i live as ... 
  fad might have been a little strong , but it 's clearly not something intrinsic about your friend . 
  my bad , i did not get that from your post . 
  coupled with getting more of op 's perspective , i see where you 're coming from now . 
  thank you . 
  i was really struggling with fi\u02d1t\u0283\u0259z . 
  i had no latin experience and started with greek : an intensive course by hansen and quinn . 
  it 's a solid textbook , but very dry . 
  it 's called the present perfect when you use have + past participle like that in english . 
  in russian , you use the perfect form of the verb . 
  you do n't need a helping verb like have . 
  whether you call it perfect or simple past is just semantics . 
  i prefer perfect because some slavic languages do have an aorist/simple past apart from the perfect , but either way there 's only one in russian and op should use it . 
  i 'd use kostenplaner , but this is not my field at all , so someone correct me if you know better . 
  edit : if it 's the verb you 're looking for , i would say * kostenvoranschlag planen * . 
   for 8 years . 
  he does n't seem to be following through on much , but i guess that just makes him like every other president . 
  even though i did n't vote for him , i hoped after he got elected he 'd be able to shake some things up , but now that bannon 's in the dog house it seems like more business as usual . 
  show us what you think the answers are and we 'll probably be happy to help . 
  if it were up to me i 'd still use it for education purposes . 
  pinyin might work great for chinese people , but it 's a cluster fuck of inconsistency for everyone who 's used to true alphabets . 
  i love how quickly this comment escalates . 
   who cares if it 's racial anyway ? 
  at what point does it become acceptable to disapprove of your kids receiving a sub par education, 
  seems reasonable . 
  your child 's education  being politically correct , i can see that . 
   due to wild animals ? 
  straight to eleven . 
  unless the schools have a raccoon infestation , but i do n't think that 's what you 're talking about . 
   please do n't let this issue divide us . 
  divide us how ? 
  i did n't realize that chinese learners formed any kind of coherent group . 
  about polysyllabic hanzi ? 
  the compose key is good for typing pinyin . 
  if you 're on windows , wincompose is a good substitute . 
   so you have to translate it . 
  i do n't see why . 
  he got a lot of flack from the american left for being too pro-israel during the primaries . 
  he 's not * that * anti-israel . 
  it 's a balancing act , and it depends on the sentence . 
  keeping the nuances does n't always mean keeping the words . 
  i see a lot of professionally translated de -  en stuff from germany that suffers from trying too hard to keep too close to the german , so that 's why i have an issue with your sentiment . 
  i only feel qualified to talk about de -  en , so take this with a grain of salt , but i could see this particular translation going either way .
