  i personally like the decision to mix them up . 
  exposing language enthusiasts to languages they 're not familiar with does n't seem too off topic to me . 
  i see lots of stuff i personally do n't care about on this subreddit , but i just ignore it and focus on the stuff i do care about instead of complaining about things that other people apparently enjoy . 
  i would, 
  the first sentence sounds good . 
  like prikaz_da said , the past unreal conditional is the most bookcorrect answer , but it sounds kind of unwieldy in this case . 
  `` i 'd have found my bouquet '' matches `` if love were a rose '' , but it kind of makes it sound like s/he 's not your bouquet in addition to meaning that love is n't really a rose . 
  `` if love is a rose , i have found my bouquet '' communicates what you want to communicate and , while not the most common tenses/moods to talk about unreal situations , is n't unheard of in a context like this . 
  if i do n't carry a gun , i give anyone who is physically capable of killing me ( with a gun or otherwise ) control over my life if they want to take it . 
  in the case of armed people breaking into my home , i 'd be giving them control over my family , too . 
  criminals might not want to hurt me , but they can be a bit jumpy while committing crimes . 
  not worth the risk . 
  plus , i see no reason to willingly give them to power to make me give them my tv or whatever . 
  i stay calm under pressure , am very decisive , and to top it off am a very good shot . 
  in the unlikely event that i 'm ever in a situation where i feel like i need to use a gun on another human being , i 'll take my chances . 
  i 'm not obsessed with killing anyone . 
  i 'm personally not even a big fan of hunting , honestly . 
  i would never kill someone over a tv , but i would kill them over breaking into my house with a weapon . 
  i 'm not going to rely on their benevolence when i offer them my tv . 
  no one . 
  i know full well that if i ever have to kill someone in self-defense , it may for some reason or another be illegal , and i have to live with the laws we have . 
  better to be tried by twelve than carried by six , as they say . 
  yes , which is why i did n't recommend it in my answer . 
  malaysian chinese usually use simplified chinese . 
  going from b1 to b2 in 5-8 months of studying 1-2 hours a day is certainly possible . 
  that part will be fine . 
  becoming a c2 speaker is another matter . 
  you may be c2 after 10 months abroad . 
  it 's possible starting at b2 , but most people do n't . 
  people can live and work for a language in years and not ever be able to pass a c2 test , so it depends on a lot of different factors . 
  i 'd say though if you spend your study time that year abroad studying with the goal of passing a c2 test , you 'll probably be able to pass it . 
  the tests are good , but you can still study for them and game them to a certain extent . 
  word of advice from someone who has been/is c1 in a couple of languages : c1 is really comfy . 
  you 'll probably find yourself getting content and complacent about your level of french and thinking it would be more fun to go shoot the shit with your friends than study on a friday night . 
  if you just picked c2 because it 's the highest level , give it another think and make sure it 's the right goal for you . 
  i know for myself , i 'd never think i needed to be c2 in a language unless i was planning on living there for the rest of my life . 
  if you want to study for it , / u/js1755 passed a c2 italian exam relying on anki and had a lot of interesting things to say about it . 
  here are some relevant posts :, 
  if you want to go to bilingual law school , c2 is definitely a good goal to have . 
  i definitely disagree with the idea that c2 test has any bearing on someone being truly fluent , though . 
  i know illiterate immigrants in alabama who speak more fluently about the topics that come up in their lives than europeans who have c2 certifications but have never lived elsewhere . 
  at c2 , you 're definitely not bad , but you 're also not necessarily more fluent/natural/better by whatever metric . 
  it tests you on things that are likely to come up in professional or academic situations , and that 's what it 's useful for measuring . 
  to apply this to your example , going to hang out with your friends in france on friday night is great for your french , but it 's great for your french in ways that wo n't always transfer onto a c2 test . 
  that 's part of why i recommended the posts in my last comment : you wo n't randomly encounter c2 vocabulary and grammar structures with your friends or probably even at work enough to just pick it up in ten months . 
  you 've got to explicitly study the kind of vocabulary and topics that will come up on a c2 test , even if practicing with your friends would be better for the french you hear and use on a daily basis . 
  or maybe you have friends who like to read short articles on random stuff like insurance policy or the history of south american dance genres and take turns summarizing it , who knows . 
  either way , you seem to know what you need to do and plan for it , so it 'll be fine as long as you put in the work . 
  for me , the best of both worlds is to pick it up naturally and google patterns that i ca n't explain or would benefit from seeing a chart of . 
  that requires a certain amount of metalinguistic knowledge to be able consistently find what you 're looking for , though . 
  between the bayonet and the red flag , i 'd bet it 's a reference to the october revolution . 
  it 's referring to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smolensk_kremlin ) . 
  ! identify : ru, 
  it amazes me that you know how to write computer programs but do n't know how to rtfm . 
  here 's one of the issues you could have solved in five seconds with google . 
  to get anki to let you type the answer , you need something like this : { { type : < fieldname  } } on the front of your card . 
  you clearly did n't try to review ahead , and you also did n't reset the cards , which you can do in the card browser . 
  i 'm being harsh because instead of framing this as you not knowing how to use programs , you 're blaming it all on the programs , despite the answers to your problems being in the users ' manual , at least for anki . 
  `` why are all the card memorization systems so bad for simple tasks ? '', 
  would have been a lot less dickish as `` how do i get anki to do what i want ? 
  '' , or ever better , realizing that it 's your problem for not being able to use the manual or google , or just not picking a program that suits your needs . 
  if you want a flashcard program that 's idiotproof , try jmemorize . 
  if you want to share it , quizlet might be a better choice than anything you 've mentioned so far . 
  aside from not talking to people , the other omission that sticks out at me is listening practice . 
  your description of how you learn is all learning about the language , and not actually practicing it except for self-talk , which is speaking practice only . 
  at some point you need to pick up some audiobooks or tv shows and practice listening . 
  talking to people works too , but like you 've noticed it 's inconvenient . 
  if you have good listening skills , it 'll be a lot easier to start speaking when you have the opportunity to practice with real people . 
  believe in them how ? 
  they exist . 
  they 're useful . 
  straight , white teeth have also become somewhat of a class marker . 
  braces are expensive and usually not covered by insurance , and as such less available to the hoi polloi . 
  it 's a part of the professional appearance that reinforce our social classes . 
  having `` bad '' teeth is a little like having cheap , tacky clothes ; driving a beat-up car ; or always smelling faintly like cigarettes . 
  it 's not uncommon , but it may keep people from thinking you look `` professional '' . 
  why would i not be passive ? 
  last time i checked , comey was trying to interfere with the democratic process and keep hillary from getting elected . 
  then , all of a sudden , liberals are all up in arms about him getting fired . 
  the whole thing has turned into a joke . 
  i 'll let them fight among themselves and build another room on my bunker . 
  i think this is asking the wrong question . 
  the problem is that most people see college as the only viable path to having a comfortable quality of life . 
  reducing the number of people in college and increasing the number in trade schools or apprenticeships ( and improving the quality of blue collar jobs ) would make the idea of free college a lot easier to implement . 
  if we made college free now , schools would over accept students , expand , and basically try to milk the `` free '' money for as much as they can . 
  in baseball , players hit a ball with a bat and then run in a circle . 
  there are three bases along the way , called first base , second base , and third base . 
  a player can stop at these bases and be safe from their opponents . 
  it 's often used metaphorically : `` get to first base '' means to start having success with something . 
  or as in jackelpackel 's example , [ terms from baseball are often used as euphimisms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baseball_metaphors_for_sex ) for various concepts related to sex . 
   i have not , to this day , seen anyone who is fluent in new zealand sign language . 
  what does the deaf community there use ? 
  that 's what i figured too . 
  i just found it interesting that taro had never seen anyone who is fluent in it . 
  i did n't grow up near a deaf school or anything , but i still have no problem thinking of at least five people i 've met who sign asl . 
  is german 's r sound not rhotic ? 
  you seem confused about what a rhotic is . 
  the german < r  , uvular trill , alveolar trill , uvular fricative , or whatever is also a rhotic consonant . 
  i once convinced an exchange student that trampolines were illegal in the usa because a senator 's child had died on one , trampoline act of 1973 . 
  it took months and multiple trampoline sightings for them to realize i was just bullshitting them .
