  wow , so white . 
  foreigner !, 
  foreigners ca n't be good teachers . 
  foreigner !, 
  all foreigners are tall . 
  foreigner !, 
  look , a foreigner , go say halou . 
  is he a uyghur or a foreigner , i ca n't tell . 
  foreigner !, 
  oh look , the foreigner can use chopsticks . 
  foreigner !, 
  look , he 's eating dumplings . 
  i did n't know foreigners ate dumplings . 
  foreigner !, 
  funniest conversation i overheard was a chinese person at the table next to mine asking why three different color people were all eating together . 
  or the time a little girl in a shop gasped and asked her dad , `` daddy , is that an alien ? '', 
  mentioning macedonia always draws out the greeks . 
  how dare you name your country a name that already exists in another country !, 
   the greeks have to solve real problems , not imaginary . 
  yeah , but it 's easier to keep stirring up people against your neighbor because they have a statue of a greek hero in their capital or whatever new bullshit it is this year . 
  it 's quite unusual for japan . 
  much more unusual than in the us , in fact . 
  somewhere around 15 % -20 % of americans can speak a foreign language . 
  that 's less than pretty much every country in europe , but significantly higher than japan and china . 
  no , the people of that country do n't find it rude to call other people foreigners . 
  many chinese people , for example , do n't think it 's rude to yell foreigner at people in china , but are very sensitive about people talking about them while abroad . 
  duderium 's story illustrates this : she realized she had done something rude after he framed it in a different context . 
  the cognitive dissonance is incredible . 
  so no , it is still rude when it happens to them , it 's just that the people who do stuff like that do n't give a shit or even realize that you can be rude to people from outside your group . 
  i met some hondurans who did something simiar in spanish . 
  they would say tu , but conjugate the verb as if they had said vos . 
  tu podes , for example . 
  ( no accents at the moment , sorry ) . 
  not really `` my '' language , but the germans in the ruhr river area really struggle with zu and nach . 
  they 'll say things like `` ich geh nach aldi '' , which is incorrect in standard german . 
  it should be `` ich gehe zu aldi '' . 
  and \u7684 \u5f97 and \u5730 in chinese . 
  it 's not a grammar error , but orthography . 
  they 're pronounced the same and are all grammar words ( they mark possessives/genitivy things , adverbs , and adverbs in a different order , respectively ) . 
  in informal writing , no one bothers about which one they use and just lets the ime handle it . 
  but even in things like subtitles on tv you 'll see mistakes sometimes . 
  yeah it 's just the local variety . 
  i was taking the word `` mistake '' pretty loosely . 
  i said struggle because i hear parents correcting kids pretty often , but then turn around and say the same thing three sentences later . 
  it seems like most people do n't want to use that form . 
  yeah , but the four social classes are pretty much represented by official , farmer , worker , and merchant . 
  national bourgeoisie , peasantry , workers , and petty bourgeoisie . 
  both of those are still in common use in the us , including informal speech . 
  my dialect uses the present subjunctive but not were , but i think that 's the exception rather than the rule . 
  i only recognize that from portuguese . 
  where do people use precisar ? 
  hear hear . 
  i personally do n't find talking to natives that useful until i 'm about a2 or b1 anyways . 
  there are exceptions ; some people need to start producing asap , but they 're usually in immersive environments and do n't have to go bother the three russian or whatever speakers they know . 
  they can spread it around to the whole city . 
  the person in that thread 's problems were just exacerbated by russians generally being very direct . 
  even in germany , where people are generally pretty direct , i find russians brutally forthcoming sometimes . 
  by the way , i would n't say that talking to natives early is necessarily a bad idea or does n't work . 
  it works for some people . 
  but if you 're one of those people , be considerate and make sure you find willing conversation partners . 
  listen to how native speakers pronounce foreign names and do it that way . 
  in spanish , i almost always hear names pronounced spanishly unless i 'm in the us , and even then sometimes . 
  in german it depends on the social class/education level of the speaker . 
  different languages handle foreign names differently . 
  i appreciate the fact that ( as far as i 've seen ) after a little drama due to off-color comments about women on how-to-learn-any-language . com years ago , you 've been much better about keeping unsavory opinions to yourself . 
  and i respect that at a certain level . 
  i also respect your knowledge and experience regarding language learning : when i see something from you , it seems you know what you 're talking about and give solid advice instead of peddling the flavor of the month method . 
  but holy shit did you open the floodgates here . 
   a cultish offshoot of judaism that looked more like something straight out of the communist manifesto, 
  i know you spend a lot of time with arabs , but lay off the conspiracy theories . 
  jews really are n't out to destroy cultures and homogenize humanity . 
  i swear . 
  more than that , you have no support for any claim that esperanto is made to further jewish goals or modeled after jewish ideology or anything like that . 
   he also quite intolerantly spoke of free religious expression as a `` barbarity '' . 
  that 's weird , because you just linked esperanto 's ideology to judaism . 
   outside of a few crackpots who decided to turn their kids into circus acts by raising them with esperanto as a first language ,, 
  yep , has nothing to do with kids naturally learning whatever their parents speak to each other , often because it 's their strongest/most comfortable shared language . 
   the original goal for esperanto in fact conflicts with the very nature of human cultures as defined above which serve to separate and distinguish humans as unique groups . 
  where are you getting this idea that esperanto wants to wipe out cultures or make things more homogenous ? 
  esperantists advocate for esperanto as a second language to facilitate communication , not something to replace your first language or native culture . 
  we hope ( d ) that it can do that without the added baggage of american or anglophone cultural hegemony . 
  english is becoming more decentralized , but it 's still got a ways to go . 
  most esperantists do n't even believe in the original goal any more . 
  it 's a just a fun language and community . 
   most esperantists however are self-appointed evangelists . 
  probably closer to 1/10 . 
  and they can be loud and annoying , but i swear we 're not all that way . 
  but sometimes we feel a little defensive , because people write blog posts about how a language and community we are a part of is some kind of anti-religious jewish pseudo-religious communist conspiracy . 
  the only pattern i 've found is that esperantists tend to be anti-nationalist . 
  some are conservative christians or muslims , some are vegan anarchist squatters , many are big fans of putin , some are apolitical , but most of us think all people should be treated equally , and that some nations and people should n't be valued or privileged above others . 
  if you come to a convention or chat room rambling about how we 're a jewish conspiracy to wipe out diversity , of course we 're going to shut that down , because it 's fucking stupid . 
  it 's not about being pc ( the average esperantist in my experience is much less pc than the average brit or american ) , it 's about seeing no need to tolerate being a dumbass . 
  someone who is a hardcore fascist , mra , or something like that probably would n't fit into our culture that well , because , right or left-leaning , we overwhelmingly value equality . 
  as long as you fall somewhere between ron paul , putin , and che , you 'll find esperantists who think like you do . 
  there are plenty of reasons not to learn esperanto : you do n't want to , it 's too eurocentric , might as well learn a language you actually want to learn first , you want to learn a useful language , you do n't like little hats on the letters , esperantists spend too much time arguing with each other about esperanto , you think ido is superior . 
  whatever , all of those make more sense than your criticisms except your # 5 , which is completely legit . 
  esperantists love to hang on to that idea that it 's especially good for helping you learn another language , though . 
  edit : to be clear , esperantists do skew left . 
  but if you look at the lernu forums , a lot of the conversation is political disagreements . 
  pretty much the only political views that are vastly underrepresented are far-right : afd/true finns or equivalent , neo-nazis , etc.
