  thank you , rush limbaugh . 
  just the same thing we see all the time posted about aave in a slightly different package . 
  also , 95 % of the time the media tries to write about science , it hurts to read . 
  other people have said most of what i want to say , so i 'll just add this : the korean esports scene might be the most prestigious , but china also has a huge scene . 
  between taiwan and china , i can watch something live almost every day . 
  heck , i currently have two streams up , one from taiwan and one from china . 
  honestly though , sounds like you 're more fired up about japanese . 
  all three of these languages take a lot of time , so motivation should be consideration number one . 
  i 'm not sure how often it was a choice for me because i just picked up the accents where i lived . 
  i speak ruhr german because i 've lived there and have in-laws there whom i visit often . 
  my spanish sounds like a mix of caribbean and andalusian . 
  neither one of these were really conscious choices though , it just kind of happened . 
  i can `` neutralize '' my spanish if i need to because i studied in school , though i struggle to do the same in german , which i 've never really studied at all or had a reason to speak formally . 
  any reason you 're set on software ? 
  there 's not much out there that i know of specifically for chinese , but there are plenty of good books with lots of audio . 
  rosetta stone is n't bad for an intro , but it 's terribly overpriced and you 'd need to supplement it with books anyways . 
  there 're some great software tools , like anki for studying vocab or pleco for looking up words , but by themselves that 's not enough to learn . 
  if you * really * do n't want to use a book , just could also start with pimsleur . 
  you can usually get it from a library . 
  what kind of decks are you looking for ? 
  i have assimil sentences , pavc 1 sentences , pavc 2 sentences with some audio , and all hsk vocab items tagged by level if you want those . 
  edit : i 'll add links just in case anyone is interested . 
  i had to figure out how to share decks first . 
  [ assimil ] ( https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1700796827 ), 
  [ pavc 1 ] ( https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1613359728 ), 
  [ pavc 2 ] ( https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/715642129 ), 
  [ hsk ] ( https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1862423453 ), 
  if i do n't copy the way spanish speakers ( or germans , for that matter ) say english words when speaking their language , they do n't understand me . 
  speaking another culture 's language is a form of imitation in and of itself . 
  whether you 're imitating the way one particular type of person talks or another seems kind of irrelevant to me . 
  unless you 're running around with a fake moustache or something , i would n't call speaking spanish with a mexican accent racist . 
  people from the us like identifying with our ancestry . 
  i grew up going to scottish festivals and highland games and what not every year and learning to play the bagpipe . 
  i 'm sure there are some interesting historical explanations , much like for why british people like tea or germans like bread , but for outsiders it 's easier to just to accept that our ancestry forms an important part of our identity ( for some people ) . 
  then again , kingofquave might not be from the us , but i 'd find that surprising , because i 've never been anywhere else that shares our fascination with our great-great-grandparents ' origins . 
  i used pimsleur for turkish before a trip to turkey and found it good and helpful , but i never really wanted or needed to study beyond the basics . 
  i think pimsleur is a great intro to the languages i 've used it for , but it does n't really teach all that much vocab , which leaves you with good pronunciation , a good command of tourist phrases , and not much more . 
  tl ; dr good , but short and expensive . 
  the original claim was that learning esperanto makes other languages easier . 
  they never said that only esperanto provides that benefit ( unless i 'm misreading the linked poster ) . 
  i just spent a whole year in spain without papers . 
  i still have n't left the eu-schengen area yet , but if you do , worst case scenario is they try to make you pay a fine ( which they wo n't because they 'd rather you go home than hold you in the country for money you may or may not have ) and do n't let you come into the eu for a few years . 
  like others said , after 90 days is up , do n't leave the eu/schengen area or go anywhere with passport controls unless you 're willing to risk it . 
  however , there are no passport checks for most eu countries , so it 's no problem . 
  my illegal friends had no problems flying out of spain or portugal ( no bans , no fines , no nothing ) . 
  you seem to have the right info . 
  just decide if it 's worth the risk or not . 
  nah , plenty of non-criminals do n't want to have to deal with hospitals/authorities either . 
  wiktionary is pretty good for questions like this . 
  another option is verbix.com . 
  so , `` let 's eat '' would be `` egy\u00fcnk '' , the subjunctive . 
  like in the sentence , `` hol egy\u00fcnk ma ? '', 
  `` do you want to eat ( ice cream ) ? '', 
  would be , literally , `` akarsz enni ? 
  '' , but i think you would usually just offer people food using the present indicative `` eszel egy kis fagylaltot ? '', 
  maybe someone else can tell you what sounds more natural . 
  i want to eat = akarok enni, 
  btw , i 'm just a learner too so double check everything i say with someone else to make sure i 'm not leading you astray . 
  i only put in pictures for cards that i 'm having trouble remembering . 
  i think the whole `` flash cards have to be photos '' thing is way overdone . 
  it 's not a bad idea , but sometimes it 's more trouble than it 's worth . 
   i have n't seen an argument for traditional flash card style though . 
  i do n't have a strong preference , but the best argument is probably that people have been using `` traditional '' flashcards to learn for a long time and they work . 
  that does n't mean that pictures do n't work as well or better , but pictures definitely are n't necessary . 
  hm , i had the same problem and the us consulate told me they could n't help . 
  good to know i should be more persistent with them in the future , i guess . 
  yeah , that makes perfect sense and that 's what they told me . 
  maybe i just misread what ultimono wrote , but it seems like they got a notarized sworn statement from the consulate which asserted that their apostilled marriage certificate ( which i also had ) was valid . 
   english must n't be your first language . 
  your use of must n't here feels ungrammatical , like it 's a command but that makes no sense in context . 
  you must also be an english learner . 
  you 're doing quite well , but you should brush up on the words we use to be polite when disagreeing . 
  yeah , i 'm almost done with this one . 
  i find it good if a bit dated . 
  just the other day , i learned that `` albern '' is the correct spelling of what i had been writing as `` alban . '', 
  the person reading thought i was making of fun of them :(, 
  my spelling in german is generally atrocious though , so i 'm sure there are more errors i 've been making for years waiting to be found . 
  i almost never read , and i got a lot better after forcing myself to read every day for six months , but it 's still a problem . 
  what do you mean by lithuanian being an `` old '' language ? 
  except for creoles , i do n't really see how languages can be newer than others . 
  maybe you could use oldest written examples of the language , but in that case lithuanian is n't especially old . 
  i 'd like to second \u75de\u5b50\u82f1\u96c4 as a really fun show to watch . 
  \u63ed\u79d8 is another one of my favorites . 
  i think the best thing for you to do ( besides checking out recommendations ) is go through kankan or iqiyi or whatever and watch an episode of random shows that look cool or interesting to you . 
  even just having shortcuts to the apps on my desktop makes me more likely to open it up and have a look , and i usually end up finding shows i want to keep watching faster than i can watch them . 
   they still identify as turkish , kurdish , ( insert middle eastern country of choice ) , or just muslim . 
  yeah , well germans do n't consider people german if they 're not ethnically german . 
  i did n't get to watch a single world cup game this year where there was n't someone complaining about \u00d6zil playing on the national team , despite being born and growing up in gelsenkirchen . 
  of course i would n't identify with a culture that does n't include me . 
   es un idioma extremadamente primitivo , al grado en que decir `` be '' o `` do '' es una frase gramaticalmente correcta . 
  pero en ingl\u00e9s , decimos `` i think i 'd normally say [ x ] instead of ... '', 
  i mean , of all the cringe in that post , it 's the grammar that they are shocked by . 
  i just ca n't understand that . 
  hard to say . 
  arguelles is competent in 20 + if i remember correctly , but most people have no need , desire , or time to learn that many . 
  depends on which language and how much time you put into it . 
  studying spanish for ten hours a day is going to get you talking well quickly . 
  doing chinese for 30 minutes a day is going to take a long , long time . 
  it helps a lot , but it 's not necessary . 
  being immersed just means you practice all the skills a whole lot more .
