  if you can translate the vocab and grammar , you should be able to produce fairly comprehensible dutch sentences . 
  the same ca n't be said for chinese , though . 
  so sorry if i made it sound like grammar translation does n't work , because there 's no question it does . 
  it sounds like you used it as an effective tool . 
  i have said a whole slew of fundamentally ungrammatical things i never thought i would say in english , just because most of my interaction is with non-natives . 
  it rubs off on you after a while . 
   rouge one, 
  the make-up merchandise collection, 
  we 're classics majors . 
  it 's not like we have anything else to do besides hang around reddit . 
  most of this kind of went backwards for me . 
  i learned german in germany and then , in the process of trying to improve , realized book german was different . 
  pronunciation of r. it 's usually a fricative when i hear it irl , people only do the uvular roll when they 're emphasizing something . 
  `` wo '' to introduce a dependent clause . 
  `` wo '' can be used all over the place , replacing time words , relative pronouns , and conjunctions . 
  it 's great . 
  apparently almost none of it is proper german . 
  there are still a couple of things i 'm pretty sure are n't proper that i have n't figured out a proper replacement for , like `` now that i xyz '' is `` jetzt , wo ich xyz '' , but i 'm pretty sure a grammar teacher would scold me for it . 
  pronunciation of g at the end of words . 
  teig and teich are homophones as far as my ear can tell , but apparently proper german pronounces the first one as teik . 
  weg ( the long one ) is pronounced weech , duisburg is duisbuich , liegt sounds like licht , etc. 
  like the last example shows , a lot of the vowels i hear as short are supposed to be long , apparently . 
  genug is n't supposed to sound like genuch , but i 'd never have guessed . 
  i 've only looked through a few textbooks , but people are way less formal in real life . 
  i think assimil starts with herr ober or something equally ridiculous . 
  i have , over years , never heard that uttered seriously/unironically a single time by a native speaker . 
  most people around my age use du with me , even at shops and in customer service situations . 
  that 's what comes to mind off the top of my head . 
  i actually have to write german from time to time these days , and i can only imagine how many things there are that i still think are proper german , but are actually colloquial . 
  interesting , i 've always felt the opposite . 
  could be because i 'm from a deep red area , and most of the liberals are wealthy , overeducated , arrogant pricks . 
  that 's more easily explained as being different languages and diglossia , i think . 
  standard written chinese is just written mandarin . 
  mandarin words , mandarin grammar . 
  it 's not so much that book cantonese is different than actually spoken cantonese ( it may be , i do n't know ) , but that cantonese speakers usually write in a different , more prestigious and widely-spoken language . 
  near dortmund , but i know a lot of people from other parts of the ruhrgebiet as well . 
  the dialect/accent here is n't nearly as strong as in many parts of germany , but there are still lots of differences from book german . 
  no , when i have vacation i tend to go outside of germany . 
  my partner inexplicably hates bavarians , so that 's off limits , and there 's not much reason to go anywhere in northern germany when it 'd be nicer just to go to the netherlands . 
  i 've been to berlin and nordsee/ostsee , but that 's about it . 
  thanks , til . 
  i noticed k\u00f6ln is kind of the opposite with the g pronunciation . 
  even things that are often taught as ending in a ch sound , like zwanzich , become zwanzik over there . 
  i came across this nifty script yesterday . 
  you can assign it to a hotkey and use it to translate whatever you have selected . 
  i know there 's no shortage of tools that do things like this in a web browser , but this is the first one i 've seen that works in any program : libreoffice , pdf viewer , browser , anything . 
  it uses google translate api and supports any language google translate does . 
  he could sense the force around cassian when he was about to go up to the imperial base . 
  he may not be force sensitive enough to be a jedi , but there 's at least some sensitivity there . 
  if education worked the way it should , i would agree , but for the time being it 's got enough liberal indoctrination for someone to have too much of it . 
  yes , colleges are more open to marxism , but there 's a good reason intelligentsia/academia is n't considered a group with much revolutionary potential . 
  an well-educated working class is dangerous , but career academics are about as dangerous to capitalism as noam chomsky , i.e. 
  an annoying buzzing sound in the ear level of dangerous . 
   i thought the purpose of learning a language was l earning how to communicate ? 
  that 's some people 's goal . 
   i am seeing more and more of teaching/learning just to learn non-sensical languages . 
  if you have a reason to learn a nonsensical language , it 's not that nonsensical for you . 
   what good does it do you to learn ` nautical-twilight ? ', 
  or , 10,000 other words , phrases , and sentences if you will never use them ? 
  the idea is you mine sentences from sources you 're interested in about topics you 'll actually use . 
  word frequency lists are n't bad , but i need a lot of words that are n't on a frequency list before i need a lot of words that are on one . 
  they can still be useful for some people , though . 
  using a word frequency list to sort sentences or flashcards is n't a bad idea if you 're pulling from native materials and do n't have much structure , but you still need one of the other methods to give what you 're learning context . 
  basing a whole learning strategy off of vocabulary acquisition ignores the other challenges involved in learning a language . 
  if anything it should be an additional vocab tool . 
  i liked mr bones , and generally thought the book was enjoyable . 
  am i the equivalent of that one person everyone knew who liked jar jar ? 
  unfortunately i do n't . 
  i have no shell skills . 
  i just copied it as is and added it to my i3 config , which does indeed work like a charm . 
  there were some variations at the bottom that do possibly useful things like copy it to your clipboard , but you probably saw that already . 
  the whole book seemed pretty star wars to me , even if it might not be one of the best . 
  i do n't get the hate for it , but that seems like the popular opinion here . 
  rebels gets better , but it has n't gotten as good as tcw yet . 
  i 'd definitely watch clone wars first if i were you . 
  especially before the second season of rebels , which is all about tcw characters . 
  plus it 's just a better show , but rebels is improving and hopefully it keeps it up . 
   for some reason that rubs other people the wrong way, 
  ca n't imagine why, 
  very cool idea !, 
  kind of like clozemaster , but approached by sentence instead of by word . 
  i noticed sometimes one of the multiple choice fields comes up as < empty  , but other than that it seems fairly polished . 
  if you 're going to discount someone else 's struggles , at least do it right . 
  greek verbs have over 1000 . 
  somewhere around 390 for active verbs only . 
  thirty minutes a day plus extra weekends is enough to make progress on languages like french and german . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to make noticeable progress in japanese with that kind of schedule . 
  as far as how to get yourself to sit down and study ? 
  just do it . 
  do n't think about it . 
  do n't procrastinate by reading about things you do n't need to know . 
  do n't get hung up on figuring out the why of everything you learn . 
  it does n't matter . 
  just keep studying . 
  little things you do n't understand about grammar or word usage usually clear up within a couple of months after realizing you do n't understand . 
  if listening or reading or speaking or whatever is hard , that just means you have n't practiced enough . 
  language is something all humans do . 
  genders and conjugations are n't really a big deal in the long run . 
  after a year or two , you 'll be conjugating verbs and using the correct gender mostly without thinking about it . 
  if the idea of `` learning '' them scares you off , do n't think of it that way .
