  not the nation-state , not the government , but the land and the people there . 
  that 's how i care about america , and not having to live as one country sounds pretty good sometimes . 
   revel in your proud ignorance, 
  which ignorance am i reveling in ? 
   and you 're getting hung up on this one word . 
  it 's a pretty important word , and there 's a lot of scorn , derision , and prejudice behind what you said . 
  being a prejudiced piece of shit is something that you ca n't take back after you show it . 
  let 's try another target , to see how well this would be received . 
  jewish culture is shit, 
  no , no , i meant it 's their politics that are shitty . 
  black culture is shit . 
  no , no , i meant it 's their politics that are shitty . 
  real progressive egalitarian you are . 
   but how many people call themselves nazis and then go `` but not hitler , just like , the guys he purged ! '', 
  in real life ? 
  it 's a pretty big thing in europe . 
  strasserists are a dime a dozen over here . 
  the nsdap was always racist , but it was n't always genocidal . 
  i can say the same thing about the american government . 
   however , the american flag represents the usa as a whole , so it 's not a statement in favour of killing the indians . 
  the nazi flag represents nazis as a whole , and none of them thought jews were actually quite nice people . 
  so the american flag is okay because there are things it represents besides racism and genocide , but the nazi flag is n't okay because there was nothing to it besides racism and genocide . 
  that does n't sound realistic or remotely even-handed to me . 
  there 's a reason people take the swastika seriously , and it 's regulated through informal social controls in the usa pretty well . 
  i far prefer that to germany , where dissent on the dominant narrative is literally illegal . 
  this is your fourth response to my comment . 
  it 's getting a little out of hand . 
   strasserists are a dime a dozen in europe ? 
  where exactly are they relevant please ? 
  relevant ? 
  nowhere . 
  but the ranks of the far-right are full of them . 
   it 's illegal to deny a proven genocide, 
  that 's dissent to the dominant narrative , is n't it ? 
  it 's frustrating because half of anything about hitler , wwii , race , etc. 
  is blocked on youtube . 
  it keeps people from talking about what really happened and understanding why the nazis were so dangerous themselves , and instead trusting them to rely on some authority 's story . 
  to be fair , it works pretty well in germany . 
  that said , i would never in a million years support it in the united states . 
  i 'm also somewhat worried for germany over the long-term with the rise of right-wing ideology in europe . 
  we 'll see how it works out , but this wrong speech ban could end up biting them in the ass . 
  i completely stand by my assault on your character based on what you wrote . 
  either accept that you do n't care about my opinion , in which case no need to be offended , or think i have a point and do n't be a prejudiced arse in the future . 
  i live in germany . 
  i know it 's omni-present . 
  but they do have a particular angle . 
  they focus on personal stories of jews affected by the holocaust , supported by numbers and statistics . 
  that 's a great angle , but it 's not the only angle . 
  and it weakens your angle when you make it illegal to challenge it . 
  i am very , very pro-union in principle , but i also recognize that a lot of unions in the us have been heavily corrupted . 
  i think a lot of our economic problems would start improving with strong right-to-organize laws ( for all workers , not just established unions ) and controls on international trade to keep companies from bailing when the workers unionize . 
  i drove by once on my way to yellowstone . 
  it 's pretty much stone mountain , ga with bigger faces . 
   states have been born in that amount of time, 
  regressive economic policies do n't help , but reconstruction was n't just a reset button . 
  the south was dealing with punitive administrative and economic measures into the 1890s , and the yankee railroad plan basically gave the south to the finance sector on a silver platter . 
  plus , the trend is centralization and urbanization . 
  nothing centralizes toward the south , and the urban areas are unsurprisingly doing better economically than rural areas and small towns . 
  this is garbled encoding . 
  converting it from windows 1251 yields the following :, 
  i 'm at home on a heating pad . 
  woke up with back out for some reaso, 
  stuck it out till 1:30 but needed to get relief . 
  chiro at 12:45, 
  omorrow , 
  oh sorry , i did 1251 to utf-16 . 
  or they may be like me and think mown lawns look dead and depressing . 
  paying for a house does n't necessarily change your taste . 
  i do speak a few of their languages , so i do n't feel guilty about it . 
  it actually still weirds me out that a groups of people who do n't share a native language default to english first . 
  i hear comments like `` the tourists/immigrants do n't even know english '' . 
  get a grip , germany , complain about foreigners not speaking * your * language instead of ours . 
  if europe wants to use english as a lingua franca , that 's on them , not us . 
  americans do n't speak other languages because they rarely interact with foreigners in other countries ( compared to europeans ) and do n't need to . 
  same reason less than 1 % of china speaks english - most of them do n't have to . 
  the vast majority of germans who learn english do n't do it to communicate with americans . 
  they 're much more likely to use english with suppliers in poland , clients in denmark , and other intra-european communication than they are to deal with americans . 
  business with china ? 
  going to be in english . 
  at this point international english and especially european english has a life of it 's own , and they 'd keep learning it if the us and britain went up in a poof of smoke tomorrow . 
  also , if you wish english were n't a lingua franca , check out esperanto . 
  it 's the most successful artificial language designed to be used as a auxiliary language . 
  tourism accounts for about two million jobs in germany . 
  most of that tourism is from germans themselves , the dutch ( who speak swamp german and can generally get by fine in real german ) , and the swiss , most of whom speak german . 
  brits and americans combined account for about five million tourists a year . 
  the tourism industry certainly contributes to the usefulness of english in germany , but it 's not nearly enough to account for a school system that gets half of its students competent in english and a culture that sees it as a requisite for being educated and cultured . 
  [ this is my take on it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5ian7q/language_learning_a_howto/ ), 
  no way , jos\u00e9 . 
  what do you mean , why ? 
  it 's that way because we speak that way . 
  the better questions are , what do you say ? 
  when do you say it ? , how do you say it ? , and sometimes where do you say it ? 
  or who do you say it to ? 
  i associate \u0441\u043d with dreams and sleep , so that 's my hook for \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u043d\u0443\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f , and i see the \u0441\u043f\u0430\u0442\u044c in \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u044b\u043f\u0430\u0442\u0441\u044c\u044f . 
  mnemonics only help so much , though . 
  if you see it used in a context you understand enough times , you 'll catch on eventually . 
  some words take longer than others , but keep failing it in anki or keep looking it up when you see it . 
  it 'll stick eventually . 
  what is the subject of the verb brauchen ?
