  when i realized you were serious i laughed so loudly everyone on the train looked at me sideways , and now i feel kind of guilty for disturbing people . 
  you might not think there 's a problem because you 're not the one being degraded and discriminated against . 
  it 's not just you , though , there are some white people in the us who think the us is n't racist , too . 
  the difference is that most americans do n't think that way . 
  i 've lived in china . 
  i know it 's not something most people think about , but that does n't mean there 's not a problem . 
  i also know that most chinese people do n't mean it badly . 
  it 's normally a question of ignorance , not malice . 
  but regardless the source , randomly saying \u79d1\u6bd4\u4f60\u597d to black guys is not really a nice thing to do . 
  assuming foreigners ca n't speak chinese/eat spicy food/use chopsticks/whatever is generally not a nice thing to do . 
  looking over someone 's shoulder then announcing in shock to the whole train car that they 're writing chinese is not really nice . 
  we 're individuals , and we ( at least the people who live there ) would mostly rather be treated like everyone else instead of going through a list of assumptions with most new people we meet . 
  i do n't know any good websites in english , but [ egalecen ] ( https://egalecen.org/ ) generally has good articles in esperanto . 
  i only keep up with one feminist youtube channel , [ el conejo de alicia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/jartitametienes22/videos ) ( spanish ) . 
  it 's usually more entertaining than informative , at least the videos i watch , but it 's pretty good . 
  i studied philology at uni and speak esperanto . 
  it 's much easier to find opportunities to use esperanto for everything but reading old texts . 
  i love latin , do n't get me wrong , but it 's a mostly dead language . 
  esperanto is actively used by a ton of people . 
  the only thing i can think of is an [ opi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oral_proficiency_interview ) . 
  but if you just want to talk to your in-laws , why do you need a proficiency test anyways ? 
  they 're mostly just useful for resumes , visas , college admissions , or things like that . 
  yeah , \u4e09\u9ad4 is n't exactly the easiest thing to start reading , which is too bad because it 's a great book . 
  you could try checking out some comics , as well . 
  they 're usually easier than novels . 
  the translation of polar bear cafe ( \u5317\u6975\u718acafe ) i found on \u6f2b\u756b\u5cf6 is in traditional and pretty easy to follow , so you might want to give that one a look . 
  someone here recommend \u65ac\u9f8d a few days ago , and it 's pretty easy to understand as well . 
  i 've only seen a simplified version , though . 
  the opinions that do well in internet debates are about one step up from the opinions that make good headlines and sound bites . 
  people write whole books , sometimes spend their whole lives defending their opinions , and even then their ideas are cast aside when they become outdated . 
  and you think being able to defend the argument in the space of an internet comment is necessary , or even good ? 
  yeah , i 'd say i got a camera in my face about once every time i went to town living in t4 . 
  lots of people would try to take pictures of me stealthily , as well . 
  and like 6sb mentioned , i 've been physically grabbed by a random person and held in place for a picture a couple of times . 
  german and english have some of the same/similar words with different meanings , e.g. 
  gift . 
  it means poison in german ( and a few other germanic languages ) . 
  will means want in german , ambulanz means emergency room , arm means poor , brav ( e ) means ... not sure how to say that in english , actually . 
  it 's something you 'd tell a child to be when you want them to behave . 
  by far the funnier words are the english `` loanwords '' which are ... off , at best . 
  most people know that `` handy '' ( cell phone ) is n't actually an english word , but words like beamer ( projector ) , public viewing ( screening ) , kicker ( foosball ) , and city ( downtown ) go mostly unnoticed until germans try to use them in english and realize that people do n't exactly know what they 're talking about . 
  is probably the best czech textbook , and you can find it for free online . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  would anyone be willing to explain ? 
  also bring back red circle . 
  public viewing makes sense in that it is both a viewing and public , but i 've never seen the term used like that in english . 
  it 's generally for looking at a dead body . 
  in some contexts city can be used like downtown , but in american english , they are still two distinct concepts . 
  so sometimes it makes sense the way germans use it , sometimes it does n't . 
  i would imagine it 's the same in british english . 
  i left out some words that are foreign to me as an american , but apparently exist in british english . 
  i thought for a long time that derby ( meaning rivalry ) was another german invention , but apparently not . 
  german : c1 , six years, 
  spanish : c1 , started in school about 15 years ago . 
  mandarin : b2 passive , b1 active . 
  ( hsk5 ) five years . 
  esperanto : b2 + for the written language . 
  i do n't speak much . 
  ten years . 
  i can also communicate pretty well in portuguese and have spent some time in portugal and studied it some , but i lean pretty heavily on spanish . 
  i also speak enough french that i should probably list it , but it 's not great . 
  maybe a2 active skills , possibly b1 . 
  i studied classics in college and can still read ancient greek pretty well . 
  my latin is super rusty , but i 've been reading more recently . 
  i 'm not a good person to ask how to learn quickly , as you can tell . 
  i 'm more of a learn the basics and see where it goes kind of person . 
  i generally slow down at b1 and stop studying around b2 because i rarely need to be any better than that . 
  i mostly just learn for fun , though i 've used german and spanish regularly at work before . 
  it 's by far the most popular one , for sure . 
  i checked yesterday , and they 've updated the app with new simplified versions since i read it . 
  the later volumes of polar bear cafe are still traditional , but the first two or three are simplified now . 
  i 'm sure the traditional versions are still around the internet somewhere , though . 
  when you say aim and eight , notice how your jaw closes at the end ? 
  that 's ei . 
  now say the same thing , but do n't let your jaw close at the end . 
  that 's \u0113 , roughly . 
  plenty of video games have separate taiwanese and mainland chinese versions . 
  if nintendo do n't want to make a hong kong localization , that 's their prerogative , but i also do n't have a problem with hkers wanting one . 
  it would n't be the first product localized for hong kong , and it 's especially frustrating because there are already established naming conventions which are being voided . 
  both nintendo and the hkers are being completely reasonable , imo . 
  neither side is being unfair or throwing a `` hissy fit '' . 
  nintendo is trying to increase profits , and millennial hkers are seeing a part of their childhood mainlandized . 
  that is the established , correct way in hong kong , which is a cantonese-speaking area . 
  they 're going against a company who is refusing to recognize their cultural and linguistic identity , which is a bit of sore spot . 
  there are plenty of protests against mainland integration as well ; it 's not like they 're singling out nintendo . 
  they 're just agitating to preserve their distinct identity ( as unwillingly annexed peoples are wont to do ) , and nintendo is doing what most all companies do : trying to make money . 
  well , of course wanting a translation in your own language is self-centered , but is that such a bad thing ? 
  as far as i understand , they 're not campaigning to make the prc use the cantonese names , nor trying to exclude them in any way . 
  of course prc versions will use mandarin names . 
  hkers just want a version for themselves in their language , as well . 
   historically , a true empire required political integration across multiple former independent kingdoms . 
  source ? 
  your ass , apparently . 
  britain is ( was ? ), 
  literally a textbook example of an empire . 
  did they do terrible , awful things ? 
  certainly . 
  do i think the existence of the british empire had a negative effect on the world most everywhere besides england ? 
  hell yes . 
  but why do you feel the need to argue that they 're not an empire ?
