  that verse actually should be stronger . 
  the translators put in the phrase `` from time to time . '', 
  it does n't exist in the greek at all . 
  do n't forget that the word shall has experienced a semantic shift since that translation . 
  most modern translations do not indicate that the death will happen on the same day of the eating . 
  edit : some do , some do n't , the more i look at them . 
  you may very well be correct . 
  i ca n't really say because i do n't know hebrew . 
  edit 2 : seems like opinions on the matter are divided between claiming that 1 ) the hebrew says that they will die in the future if they eat the fruit and 2 ) it 's a metaphorical death to god . 
  arguments like number two make my brain hurt . 
  how are we defining negative terms ? 
  i have a friend who is a english/french ( canadian ) bilingual , like your example , and they 're learning spanish right now and have a very pronounced french accent . 
  i would imagine that it varies by situation , but there 's one example . 
  `` whom '' is the object of the preposition . 
  try replacing like this :, 
  i have great envy for he . 
  i have great envy for him . 
  sadly , your more or less correct information about the use of subject pronouns after linking verbs does n't apply here because it is the object of a preposition . 
  it 's frustrating to have people tell others they speak incorrectly for silly things like this , but what are you gon na do ? 
  i 've heard that the romanian case system is more due to the influence of its neighbors than heritage from latin . 
  not sure , just another theory . 
  classics major who studied greek first here < - i found latin astoundingly easy at first , i think in part because i started with greek and , like you said , the only thing to really resent was the ablative . 
  verbs were a blessing . 
  however , i hardly ever read latin any more because i feel like the word order and ambiguity in the morphology ( especially if it 's prose ) makes it more trouble than it 's worth to piece together ( and i never read enough to get over that hurdle , which was more substantial than in greek for me ) . 
  i usually hear early modern english . 
  i grew up on the dialect border between southern appalachian and southern american english and most of my acquaintances from that area pronounce the / w / in the word sword . 
  i 've also heard it from a person raised in texas . 
  most people who have had a lot of exposure to ga do n't pronounce it that way , but the rural population does . 
  that does n't answer your question about aave , but i 'm guessing some groups of speakers pronounce the / w / . 
  these jokes take far too long to pick up on when your native dialect has double modals : /, 
  have to disagree here . 
  if they say `` german is better for science because it 's so rigid and clear , '' they 're making unsubstantiable claims about the language . 
  however , if they say `` i prefer , '' that seems really reasonable . 
  for example , i prefer poetry in english and ancient greek . 
  i 'm not saying they 're better , only my completely subjective preference , which i have completely subjective and non-scientific reasons for . 
  you do realize that although hospitals are required to give treatment in the emergency room , they still send a bill for it later . 
  there are government programs to help with the cost , but often the requirements are so strict as to prevent the programs from functioning . 
  i do n't . 
  the system suffers from incompetence and confusion as much as malice . 
  this is n't related to your main point , but german is not the closest language to english . 
  that 's either scots or frisian , depending on whether or not you call scots a language . 
  relevant username . 
  i 've also heard them described as less aspirated . 
  i hear a little bit of aspiration in word initial positions compared to the fortis consonants . 
  right . 
  you could very easily make the claim about japanese though , which is probably a better example to discuss the question with . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're talking specifically about chinese , but it 's not sov . 
  it 's generally svo , like english . 
  if you 're looking for a natural language with the fewest exceptions to common rules like declension patterns , verb conjugation , etc. , i 'd point you towards turkish . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  i 've heard some belgian dutch speakers and speakers from the southern netherlands use the uvular r. i could be mishearing , but wikipedia seems to support the statement about the southern netherlands , though . 
  edit : that is , as something separate from the dutch `` g '' you 're describing . 
  northeast alabama ( lookout mountain ) here . 
  i and most people i know distinguish between here , there , and yonder , but do n't use `` yon '' all that much . 
  sometimes i get frustrated when i 'm in a situation which requires more standard english and i ca n't quite capture the three-way distinction without sounding like a hick . 
  britches is a very common thing to call pants in all age groups . 
   if you truly believe that stalin was an awesome guy , a luminary for the ages , do all of us pragmatists a favor , and do n't say so . 
  that sounds like he wants them to be silent to me . 
  if you do n't let people praise socialist leaders on a socialist forum , who should we praise ? 
  well , i identify as a communist , which falls into the definition of socialism given by this subreddit : `` democratic control of the means of production by the working class for the good of the community rather than capitalist profit . '', 
  i think communism is the best form of socialism , so i ca n't really answer your question . 
  workers in a socialist system benefit from the work they do , instead of others benefiting from their work . 
  education , healthcare , and the necessities of life are not a privilege of wealth , as they are in a capitalist society . 
  yes . 
  the way it 's defined above seems fine . 
  i do n't like words like `` truly socialist '' because each strand of socialism , and there are many , would define that differently . 
  countries like cuba or laos are definitely some kind of socialist , though maybe a kind of socialism many people do n't like . 
  china and vietnam have more or less transitioned out of a socialist economy , but who am i to say what they are and are n't . 
  that 's correct , comrade !, 
  they had a planned , socialist economy . 
  there 's an interesting case to be made that their system should be called state capitalist , but you 'll get a better explanation of that from a trotskyite . 
  the idea here is that learning a second language helps you learn a third language , and esperanto is a very easy language to learn . 
  however , learning two languages still takes more time than learning one . 
  my advice : if you want to learn japanese , learn japanese . 
  if you want to learn esperanto and japanese , start with esperanto . 
  having a foreign language under your belt can be really useful , especially for a beast like japanese , and esperanto is remarkably easy to learn while providing the benefits of learning a second language . 
  lernu.net is a great resource if you choose that path . 
  just to be clear , if you do n't actually have any interest in esperanto , do n't bother with it . 
  going straight for another language will be faster . 
  i 'm an esperantist , so i might be a bit biased , but there is a great support network for learning esperanto and the internet community is very active . 
  the same ca n't be said for ido or lojban . 
  here 's a very popular one from frisian :, 
  i 've been living in honduras teaching at a school focused on empowering women who would have been otherwise unable to afford education . 
  it 's not communism per se , but trying to raise awareness of imperialism and it 's implications for the students was a constant theme in my classes and in my extracurricular dealings with the students . 
  i never thought i was being too biased , but i ended up being encouraged to leave for ideological differences with the upper management of the school . 
  i just picked this flair because i 'm a communist sympathetic to the ussr without strongly-held sectarian convictions . 
  although other sources like liberation theology contribute heavily to my perspective , i find i have most of my ideas in common with soviet-strain communism and its derivatives . 
  however , i just read the description of the flair and realized i should have picked the red star , but being classified as adhering to liberation theology is n't too untrue . 
  i just saw the red background/yellow hammer-and-sickle and associated it with the ussr . 
  thanks for the question which made me actually think about it and double-check what the flairs are supposed to mean , 
  how is self-defense relevant ? 
  it 's still death . 
  / ` ki : nwa : / is what i usually hear . 
  excuse my ignorance ; i do n't use ipa a lot . 
  are you saying we ca n't hear phonemes ? 
  for phonetic realization of the english pronunciation , would n't we need aspiration on the k and a different vowel at the end ? 
  how is this downvoted ? 
  people denying geography ? 
  til respect is a person . 
  not just pagan .
