  i got married in my early 20s , and that was later than almost all of my cousins and people i knew from the mountain . 
  i 'm counting having a kid as might as well be married , but i do n't think it 'd change my answer much if i did n't . 
  i do n't know many 20-year-olds now , but the pattern does n't seem to have changed much . 
  finish high school , find a job or get pregnant , get married . 
  i 'm sure this would be different even 30 minutes away in the nearest small town , though . 
  the culture is still very rural where i 'm from . 
  * i prefer strong labor unions and easy unionization to minimum wage laws . 
  * healthcare should be free or close to it . 
  working people have a right to not go bankrupt because they get sick . 
  i 'm not hung up on it being single-payer . 
  the german system works quite well and is n't single-payer . 
  we could also expect more involvement from employers ( as one part of the solution , not the whole solution ) , and that brings us back to unions . 
  * i think tuition free college is an awful idea by itself . 
  too many americans go to college already , even though it 's insanely expensive . 
  we need to promote alternative career paths , improve pay and working conditions of blue-collar jobs , reduce the number of people in college , and * then * look at making college free or very cheap . 
  chinese does n't really have this problem , and north korean does n't use that many english loans either . 
  icelandic is also pretty sparse on english loanwords . 
   gebrauchen is not a word i 've ever heard used, 
  are you wis you 're listening to german ? 
  it 's a very widespread word , as in `` das kann ich gut gebrauchen '' . 
  i speak german , and gebrauchen is a very widespread word . 
  i do n't know what 18shookg is on about . 
  how has no one said idaho yet ? 
  it 's beautiful does n't have most of the things i do n't like about everywhere else , namely too many people . 
  as someone who has studied theology , i ca n't come up with any way to get a number that large . 
  how do you feel about germany 's non-single-payer healthcare system ? 
  this is my issue . 
  the us is a country founded on enlightenment principles , and people are holding on to these old principles from different contexts with different aims instead of adopting value systems that better serve the modern world . 
  property rights were important to curtail the power of the nobility . 
  calling them natural rights is just a rhetorical device to make them seem unchangeable , even when they no longer serve their purpose . 
  rights always have a purpose and they always serve some political ends . 
  we need rights that benefit the american people , not property rights which benefit the accumulated capital of international corporations , including those providing medicine and healthcare . 
  90 % of people have gesetzliche krankenversicherung , which is the state-mandated insurance , not exclusively state-funded . 
  the most common arrangement is that your employer pays half of your insurance costs ( 7.3 % of of gross income up to $ 50,000 ) , and you pay the other half ( same as your employer pays ) . 
  if that 's not enough , the difference is covered by the state paying the insurance company . 
  there are multiple insurance companies that provide this kind of insurance . 
  they are technically a k\u00f6rperschaft des \u00f6ffentlichen recht , which is basically a corporation that answers to public law and rights . 
  healthcare is subsidized and heavily regulated , but it 's not paid for only by the state or taxes . 
  rising costs are a problem , but here 's how bad the problem has become : if i want to get extra preventative care , i have to pay for it myself , usually < 50 $ . 
  if i want a vaccination for something that is n't a big thing in germany , like rabies , i 'd have to pay for it unless i 'm traveling to a country where my doctor recommends it . 
  a few years ago , to deal with rising costs , they tried charging people $ 10 once per quarter if you went to the doctor that quarter . 
  there was outrage and the insurance companies ended up with a surplus they did n't know what to do with , so the government stopped it . 
  if you want to get fancy and have things like single rooms , you can get private insurance , too . 
  germany has had mandatory health insurance since the 19th century , fun fact . 
  all this to say , your moralizing and condescension is ignorant . 
  your solution is n't the only solution , and people have their reasons for thinking differently besides wanting to see dead poor people . 
  you can support single-payer without assuming everyone else is an asshole . 
  we were a key destroyer of the environment before we pulled out of the paris agreement , too . 
  very little has changed in the last week . 
   are any americans going to do anything ? 
  probably not , most americans do n't think climate change is a critical issue . 
   do americans realise that the rest of the world is so disgusted by them ? 
  not sure , but i do , because i 'm the token american in my village . 
  it does n't really bother me , because i do n't think the paris agreement was a good solution to anything . 
  i 'm not going to feel bad about it because a bunch of germans use it as an opportunity to feel superior . 
  i was at a gathering last night and , of course , the topic came up after a few beers . 
  the majority of people are reasonable and understood when i explained that rural voters are having a very rough time economically and have more pressing issues to worry about than paying developing countries more money so they can keep polluting more every year . 
  according to [ this poll ] ( http://www.people-press.org/2016/07/07/4-top-voting-issues-in-2016-election/ ) , it 's the 12th most important issue . 
  it 's not looking too important [ here ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/1675/most-important-problem.aspx ) , either . 
  so pour tons of money into a bloated school system in order to train people to do high-skilled jobs which they ca n't do without moving away from their homes because there are no high-skilled jobs there . 
  i 'm okay without that plan . 
  i do wish we could improve education , but i do n't think more money and more upskilling would solve the structural , economic , and geographic problems that lead to joblessness . 
   besides ; the money that the us is saving by pulling out of the paris agreement is not going to be redirected to the us people - it will be used to buy a battleship or help subsidise a corporation or a bank or walmart . 
  completely agree , that 's part of why i hate trump and every other american president of my lifetime . 
  money goes to war and corporations . 
  fuck workers , fuck the environment , fuck everything but profit margins . 
  i 'd still take a president that valued the american workers over the environment rather than the other way around every time if those were my options , though . 
  well , i guess it depends on how you interpret my use of the word critical . 
  interpret the statistics as you will , i suppose , but it does n't look like it 's as important to americans as the host of other issues we 're dealing with . 
  no , i think germany is great . 
  i do n't have to agree with germans on everything . 
  germany has given itself over to urbanization . 
  it makes sense that germany is that way historically , but it 's not what i want for the us . 
  also regarding education , judging by the condition of schools here in nrw germans do n't value education very much . 
  the rhetoric is different , but the reality is moldy , crumbling schools with very limited technology offerings . 
  germany had plenty of less-than-environmentally-friendly policies in the ruhrpott a few decades ago , and the economic situation was n't that different from many areas of the us now . 
  germans often have different views because they have different situations and experiences , but if you look for historical parallels we 've made a lot of the same decisions . 
  same thing with guns . 
  i love america 's relatively easy access to guns , but it would scare me to death to think of the same policy existing in germany . 
  we 're different countries with different histories , different current circumstances , and to a certain extent different values , and i like that . 
  i 'm definitely not in the `` spread american values to the world '' camp . 
  one of the best things about germans is that i almost never get shit for my views as long as i can support it logically . 
  ( okay , i got a little shit for scoring high on afd in the wahl-o-mat , but it was mostly joking because they know i rip on afd all the time ) . 
  i can think of maybe one or two times over years where i 've personally encountered anti-american sentiments , compared to living in spain where it was a weekly occurrence . 
  edit : also love the healthcare and will be loathe to give it up when the time comes . 
  edit2 : also , why the hell would i hate living in a place where i disagree with people ? 
  i disagree with most alabamians , most americans , most people anywhere , really . 
  that does n't mean i hate living there . 
  the whole premise of your question seems bizarre to me . 
  yes , it 's very common . 
  i think it 's kind of silly , honestly . 
  i assumed russians have always been trying to influence whatever they can , and hillary gave them all the ammunition they needed . 
  in that sense , sure , maybe russians hacked the election , but i do n't think it 's surprising or trump 's doing . 
  the personal connections to russia ? 
  trump seems to have conflicts of interest everywhere , not just or especially in russia . 
  i have n't heard any evidence that even makes me think he 's working for russian interests , much less proves it . 
  both options sound unnatural to me if you have n't been there yet . 
  i would say `` it 's good [ that ] you told me about this before my trip . '', 
  leid is another word that shuns this [ frain ] ( / e `` question '' ) altogether . 
  i accidentally switched on a cricket broadcast one day .
