  when do you say it ? 
  4 . who do you say it to ? 
  ( `` to whom '' for the pedants ), 
  you can probably answer all of those questions about most things your friends ask just by being a native speaker . 
  i might could help more if you give some examples of what they ask and how you feel like you 're failing . 
  i thought you did n't have to write characters any more unless you do a paper test . 
  why not die mond ? 
  why not das gewalt ? 
  why not die tisch ? 
  those words seem to have pretty arbitrary genders . 
  i find strict word order more difficult and complex and less logical than case endings . 
  i do n't have to worry about whether someone uses spanish , english , or german word order in esperanto , because i can just look for the accusative marker . 
  i get confused sometimes when people do n't use it , because word order does n't carry that much meaning . 
  it was kleinpommes and hungariannastyboy 's point , and you were responding to them , so i figured that 's what you were talking about . 
  english . 
  no idea why i 've always found inflected languages more intuitive . 
  have you ever taken a gender studies course ? 
  it can be literary criticism , historiography , media analysis , etc. 
  it is often just a research perspective that can be applied to almost any subject . 
  i agree that it 's not a science , but saying things like, 
   `` gender studies '' is basically people writing columns from their political opinions at this point . 
  is just you talking out of your ass . 
  show me some english-language peer-reviewed publications that match your description . 
  do n't miss granada . 
  you do n't need much time there , but it 's a unique city and worth it for the alhambra alone . 
  i was pretty underwhelmed by almeria and madrid ( which you did n't include ) , but except for almeria your list is pretty good . 
  i 've heard gibraltar is n't that exciting , but i never went so i do n't know . 
  my favorite part of spain is the north , but that 's a bit out of the way . 
  how are you getting around ? 
  porto and lisboa are great cities , but the best part of portugal are the rural areas , tiny farming villages , etc. 
  not always the best for partying , but you 'll get plenty of that in spain . 
  the problem is that public transport outside the cities is n't always good or easy to navigate if you do n't speak portuguese . 
  if i do n't have context or start listening to a conversation in the middle , i have a lot of trouble understanding , but most of the time it 's not that bad . 
  but this is after i got into chinese tv shows and started binge watching . 
  i think about half-way through my fourth series i started to be able to look away from the subtitles and still understand . 
  speaking is definitely the worst for me . 
  no one ever really has trouble understanding what i say , but it takes me far too long to say it . 
  plus , my active vocabulary is probably around half of my passive , so that makes things even worse . 
   as an example , i also study german . 
  i heard someone say the word `` die mine '' . 
  without looking it up , i 'm sure you can tell what that is , because it 's the same in english . 
  this to me is the single most difficult thing about chinese . 
  i never realized how much i used similar words in spanish and german as a crutch . 
  you can start reading pretty complex stuff in spanish pretty fast just because you have half the vocab already , even more for more complex topics . 
  but in chinese , you only know what you 've studied . 
  vocab is such a grind . 
  pt-br is brazilian portuguese, 
  \u00e4 - something like the e or a in `` met '' or `` mat '' , so '' \u00c4pfel '' sounds like epfel, 
  \u00f6 - to pronounce `` n\u00f6 '' , say `` nuh '' , then round your lips, 
  \u00fc - as a short vowel , it 's a lot like the `` oo '' in english `` cook '' . 
  to pronounce the long version , say `` ee '' like `` meet '' , then round your lips . 
  if you 're struggling with the r sound , try gargling . 
  it 'll get you making the sound in the right place for both languages , at least . 
  for french , check out this website : http://www.dpstream.net/ there are also a good number of movies in french . 
  you can try to watch stuff in german , but the voice actors for the dubbing are n't the best and most german-produced movies are pretty bad . 
  die vermessung der welt ; goodbye , lenin ; and almanya , willkommen in deutschland are three that come to mind as being pretty good . 
  i 'm from alabama , and i was being dressed in auburn attire since i was born . 
  it was about as much of a choice as religion is for most people . 
  it 's nice that you made a conscious decision about who you support , but it 's not for a lot of people , at least not 'til adulthood . 
  and how many people will change even then ? 
  i completely agree with the rest of your post , though . 
  i was always pretty positive about anarchists despite disagreeing with them until i was actually involved in organizing stuff with them . 
  one problem is that there are many types of anarchism . 
  the adherents of some strains , like anarcho-syndicalism , tend to be relatively homogenous in their views . 
  the further you get into idealistic lifestyle anarchism , the groups become smaller and less cohesive within themselves . 
  which makes sense , because for some anarchists , at least more than communists in my experience , their political views are intertwined with their social identity , and their ideals center around individuality and freedom from authority . 
  so when some ( non-anarchist ) group plans a protest through a main part of town , one small group might go paint bomb a bank , one small group might go to a different part of town to spray paint vaginas on a wall , and there 's no real way to get around that happening because if someone tells them what to do , that person becomes * the man * . 
  this applies within anarchist groups as well , which means there 's no pressure to reach a consensus . 
  then there 's this whole sphere of groups like the the autonomen ^ 1 ( do n't know if there 's an anglophone equivalent , i 've never met any ) who go out of their way to be a pain in the ass , just because . 
  debating with anarchists can be frustrating , but remember to always talk to the individual . 
  you can discuss the individual 's views , but trying to discuss anarchism in general is like trying to catch a ghost . 
  up until about 8 years ago i considered myself an anarcho-communist , and it was n't any arguments against anarchism that changed my mind , it was arguments for marxism-leninism . 
  that positive approach might help keep the conversation straighter , instead of talking about something as nebulous as anarchisms . 
  sorry that got a little ranty . 
  are they even anarchist ? 
  there used to be some political purpose there , but at least in germany , it 's just a subculture with vague anti-authoritarian inclinations at this point . 
  they do n't really mix with the other left subcultures that much , but they 're always nearby . 
  one small thing : it 's not just non-black people who are conditioned to racism . 
  people are prone to adopt the dominant narrative about race or anything else , even when they are part of a group affected by that view . 
  that 's why you get videos like the one linked in the op . 
  / u/sixcoup is correct , but i think there is something else at play here too . 
  english is the most common l2 in the world . 
  poor english is the lingua franca of continental europe , but not that many people criticize it because it 's what they 're used to . 
  the us has a bunch of immigrants . 
  listening to non-native speakers is something most americans do very regularly . 
  it 's partly exposure . 
  if you hear bad english every day , you probably wo n't find it worth commenting on , and it probably wo n't bother you that much . 
  we probably hear a lot more non-native english than french speakers do non-native french . 
  it 's also partly cultural , but not only in the sense that / u/sixcoup described . 
  despite plenty of reactions against it , the us has always had a lot of immigrants and has a relatively immigrant-friendly culture . 
  i kind of on and off consider getting german citizenship , and when germans hear that their first response is generally confusion . 
  `` why would you do that ? '', 
  tell an american you want to be a citizen and see what happens . 
  we think of emulating american culture and wanting to become one of us as something admirable , or even natural . 
  so why would we want to discourage someone who is obviously making an effort to speak our language ? 
  of course these are broad generalizations , and you run across enthusiasm in europe sometimes and snobs/racists in the states all the time , but there is a fundamental difference in how we perceive outsiders participating in our culture . 
  sometimes it also becomes a glottal stop , like in the word mountain [ mau\u0303.\u0294n ], 
  i do n't see why your attitude towards proper grammar in informal settings has anything to do with learning chinese . 
  has n't bothered me so far . 
   do n't judge me on what you 've experienced .
