  i thought it was dutch , because it sounded familiar but i did n't understand any of it . 
  then he tested overs the crease wicket and bowled the jolly well fielding stump . 
  that 's what cricket sounds like to me . 
  it took me a good 45 seconds to decide it was actually english . 
  gge mini cricket ? 
  i 've seen replacing the \u0440 with \u0433 used for french accents as well . 
  i always get extra nopales from the market when i 'm in the us . 
  it 's a nice little bonus . 
  stop worrying about the plan and just start doing fsi . 
  go slow , master the chapter , and go to the next . 
  when it gets too hard , go back and review . 
  you 'll learn so much about how you learn while doing it that you 'd probably want to drastically change the rest of your plan anyway . 
  i seriously doubt it will be the case , but if you do n't know what to do after you finish fsi , come back and ask again . 
  i think it works all right . 
  service in the us is generally pretty good . 
  i wish restaurant owners would n't use it as a way to be cheap , but i blame them rather than tipping itself . 
  most of your arguments sound like cultural differences rather than arguments , but i 'll try to address them . 
  a tip is not meant to be a wage . 
  see # 6 . 
  americans normally get in and out of restaurants , so it 's not a problem . 
  every american knows about tips and expects them . 
  coming from american restaurant culture , european waiters seem inattentive and slow . 
  i much prefer american waiters . 
  i far prefer the waiter checking to see if i need anything instead of europe , where i have to wait and flag down somebody every time . 
  i agree with the first bit in the sense that i think restaurants should pay waiters a fair wage anyways . 
  but whether you subsidize the restaurant owners with higher prices or tips does n't seem like a big difference to me . 
  either way you 're paying to keep the business running . 
  it 's just that in the us , some of the money goes directly to the waiter . 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  i tip people if they bring food to me , or maybe the cook at a hibachi grill . 
  i do n't tip people if i have to get it from the counter , bartenders excepted . 
  this discrimination happens in wages and job opportunities too . 
  it 's not unique to tipping . 
  the same could be said of paying the waiters a fair wage and tipping , too . 
  / r/conlangs, 
  i like wordlaw for grammar . 
  what makes staffcraft authentic ? 
  constructing a platform to construct a language would still fit in well over at conlangs . 
  i do n't know what part specifically you 're responding too , but i know and think it 's complete bullshit . 
  tips should be extra ; you should make a living wage anyways . 
  the masks can also mean they 're sick , they did n't put on make-up , it 's cold , they do n't want people to talk to them , or a whole host of other things . 
  it 's not just for pollution . 
  a lot of people know i speak another language , very few know it 's my hobby and that i speak a few . 
  i was at a party the other day where 5 languages were being spoken , of which i speak 3.5 ish , and it was the first time some of the people i knew there realized i spoke anything besides english and german . 
  when people ask about hobbies i try to bring up hobbies that make good conversation topics . 
  most people do n't relate to studying languages they do n't have any use for . 
  i do n't know about the world , but it 's definitely changed the way i see china . 
  someone from boston asked me if i rode my horse to school once after they heard my accent . 
  it 's not just foreigners . 
  there could be a lot of reasons . 
  many americans look down on people who vote third parties . 
  many on the left consider everything that was n't a hillary vote a strong endorsement of trump . 
  they called trump and hillary `` objectively terrible '' , which probably does n't sit well with most politically interested people , who prefer one over the other . 
  vote/elect = choose, 
  party = flock, 
  bipartisan = both-flock/two-flock, 
  cabinet = [ redegivers ] ( / e `` advisors '' ), 
  from your description of being a clean freak i 'd probably recommend staying where you are , but definitely pick taiwan over china . 
  i never lived in a t1 city , but in smaller towns in china seeing street defecation is an everyday thing . 
  i 've seen parents have their kids piss in the middle of a bus ( two different kids from different parents on the same ride ) , shit on the floor in the grocery store , and change diapers on restaurant tables . 
  i 'm not squeamish or a clean freak at all , but china was still a big adjustment in that regard . 
  also , never look in the kitchens . 
  it 's usually pretty easy to find western toilets if it 's not extremely urgent , but you will probably end up using squat toilets some time . 
  they 're really not that bad in and of themselves , but when it looks like the 10 people before you purposefully tried to shit next to it it 's uncomfortable . 
   also , as an abc who speaks hardly any chinese , will i be getting made fun of in either country ? 
  yes . 
  both . 
  there are free vpns , but you get what you pay for . 
  for 5ish dollars a month you can get one that works most of the time . 
  i rip on china 's government sometimes , but they learned the lesson about making decisions based on ideology a long time ago . 
  they are extremely pragmatic and use other countries ' free trade orthodoxy to their advantage . 
  what amazes me is how few people seem to be catching on or caring . 
  at this point , the threat of a trade war with the us would be enough to push china to play by free-trade rules if the us would be willing to use it as leverage , but i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  i 'm not even sure if i want china to start acting like other countries . 
  i 'd rather see the us et al. 
  adopt a more pragmatic approach to their economies as well , instead of pushing neoliberalism all the time . 
  run movies that use a lot of colloquial language and slang through subs2srs . 
  you mean machine translators ? 
  google translate is overall the best out there right now . 
  baidu translate is the most successful machine translation from a chinese company . 
  it improved drastically a few months ago for reasons explained [ here ] ( https://blog.google/products/translate/found-translation-more-accurate-fluent-sentences-google-translate/ ) . 
  i would n't hope for another breakthrough of that significance for quite a while . 
  phrasebooks are designed for this kind of thing , and some of the good ones come with audio , as well . 
  i have no experience with italian phrasebooks specifically , but there are surely some good options out there . 
  it 's becoming a more common problem in germany right now . 
  i know a couple of women who work in jobs with lots of customer interaction and they complain constantly about arab men refusing to talk to them , ignoring them , and so on . 
  it goes over about as well with them as it would with an american woman . 
  then again , this is coming from the only country in the west where early gps 's shipped with male voices because german men complained about taking directions from a woman 's voice , so take it all with a grain of salt . 
  that 's always the way it starts , though . 
  first you have economic investments and interests in another country . 
  then you end up with a politician in said country who wants to keep the capital for the locals , and you have to send in the military to protect your economic interests/investments . 
  it 'll happen to china , too , if they keep investing in africa like they are . 
  i 've heard a few times that the us is involved in the middle east in order to destabilize and depopulate arab countries for israeli lebensraum . 
  it seems like something op does n't personally like , so i used the same word they did out of convenience . 
  i guess i have to turn in my badling member card now . 
  i 'm getting frustrated by how many things posted to badlinguistics these days are just people 's personal preferences and feelings . 
  to me , it only becomes badling when you try to make some kind of linguistic claim , say it 's objectively bad/wrong , etc. 
  we have the best food ( especially barbecue and soul food ) , best music , best athletes , and friendliest people . 
  op 's problem seems to be with fairly recent english loanwords , not borrowing japanese calques . 
  i think aliens would probably do what humans do and learn the language most useful to them , probably depending on who they contact/are contacted by first .
