  if all you know of america is cities and suburbs , i can see why you think that way . 
  i 'm from appalachia and avoid cities when possible , so of course i have a very different perspective . 
  spanish people are far more similar to scandinavians than they are to anyone outside europe , i 'd say . 
  still fairly reserved/distant with strangers , still eat lots of bread , are dominated by ( from an american perspective ) center-left politics . 
  there is a large split in work-related values in europe , but that 's divided broadly along catholic/protestant lines . 
  ( you can see the same split in the us : compare how people view showing off your wealth in the small-town midwest compared to areas not settled by protestant germans ) . 
  as far as cuisine goes , your `` home-cooked meal '' style dishes do n't differ much across europe or the us . 
  if you 're talking about having a big selection of different types , the us will generally have more , but that 's not really what i was talking about . 
  their languages were erased , but most of their cultural traits , attitudes , and values lingered on . 
  i 'd argue that it 's more visible in europe only because they speak different languages and have their own countries , but at the core they 're not any more different than americans are . 
  i do n't know why this whole topic of `` ethnic '' cuisine in the us even came up , but do you think europeans do n't also whitewash most imported types of food ? 
  german vietnamese kills me . 
  they take something so good and turn it into noodles with sweet and sour sauce . 
  now of course , there are some legit restaurants , but they 're a minority like in the us . 
   so from a cultural aspect , the u.s. is definitely not as diverse as travelling to multiple countries in europe . 
  like i said , done both , and i think it definitely is except for the language . 
  rural areas do n't look different ? 
  rural wyoming and rural tennessee look nothing alike , but i was n't really talking about how they look . 
  the communities , the way people interact with each other , what they value , how they think . 
  these are all things that differ a lot from one region to another , in both the us and europe . 
  most of the methods you see written about a lot online work . 
  the question is mainly just which one works for you . 
  i 'd recommend against thinking of it as learning words and grammar separately . 
  your main learning activity should include both . 
  some people like sentences , but they 're not the only way . 
  how long it takes depends on how much you study . 
  if you study two hours of portuguese a day for a year , you 'll be pretty good at it . 
  if you study 15 minutes on rainy days when you do n't need to do laundry , you may never get there . 
  just to add to the jumble of people telling you how to learn a language online , here 's a [ slightly lengthier ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5ian7q/language_learning_a_howto/ ) write-up on language learning strategies i wrote last year . 
  you forgot the more most important [ austrian song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo7mwuj7zla ) . 
  north austrian , but you ca n't hold that against them . 
  ich komme gut mit ihm/ihr klar is another one . 
  it 's kinda weird that the whole world is studying english to me , too . 
  watching people from different , totally unrelated countries defaulting to english is kind of surreal sometimes . 
  most speakers of other languages , even some of the bigger ones , have never seen two foreigners using their language to communicate with each other in a third country in their life . 
  yes , they both come from proto-indo-european * dyew - . 
  the greek \u0396\u03b5\u03cd\u03c2 comes more specifically from * dy\u1e17ws , which is an agent noun derived from * dyew - . 
  the latin comes from * deyw\u00f3s , which is a long grade ablaut derivative of * dyew - . 
  extra fun fact , jupiter also comes from the * dy\u1e17ws root , together with the word * ph \u2082 t\u1e17r , later pater . 
  other descendants of * dyew include \u0434\u0438\u0301\u0432\u043e ( divo ) , russian for miracle , and the first part of the word tuesday . 
  miami . 
  the immigration lines . 
  never again . 
   zu is a much , much better guess if in doubt, 
  also depends a bit on where you are . 
  in the ruhrgebiet , everything is nach . 
  why is it unfortunate that it 's been replaced by spanish ? 
  if they had dropped it altogether that would be sad , but replacing it with a world language seems like a reasonable choice to me . 
  yeah , anyone who stopped after a mediocre high school education probably would n't be able to pass a c2 test , maybe even not a c1 test . 
  some people would do extremely poorly because they 're illiterate . 
  the tests are n't designed for native speakers , though . 
  they 're designed to help european employers and schools select candidates for white-collar jobs and university study . 
  you can be c1 and struggle to understand people at the bar talking about football , or you can be b1 and be able to understand and participate easily . 
  cef tests are much more specific than a lot of people here use them for . 
  they 're not general tests of language proficiency outside professional/academic contexts , and they 're not in any way useful for native speakers . 
  no , they would n't get any attention at all , because no one cares about normal skills that took a long time to learn . 
  glossika is probably a good level after you finish michel thomas . 
  is this really only a year old ? 
  feels longer . 
  i checked and apparently it 's from may 26 , 2015 , so much closer to two years than one . 
  i did n't realize reddit rounded that way . 
  hover over where it says `` a year ago '' , `` an hour ago '' , etc. 
  i had to google it . 
  it 's never too early to benefit from listening to your target language , but remember that until you can understand most of it , it 's only a supplementary activity . 
  getting in trouble with the police is unusual , but 10-year-olds are n't generally allowed to just wander around the city . 
  it 's a very different from germany , where there are unattended kids walking around everywhere ( compared to what i 'm used to ) . 
  many american parents do n't think it 's safe to let kids wander around unsupervised , and in the us i 'm inclined to agree with them . 
  adults can pick up language intuitively as well , as many immigrants do with varying degrees of success . 
  you do n't have to settle the difference of what you paid and what you used at the end of the year ? 
  they are bullshitting you . 
  these numbers are useless without an explanation of what they mean . 
  they 're from * pei , mario a. 
  `` a new methodology for romance classification . '', 
  word , v , 2 ( aug. 1949 ) , 135 -- 146 . 
   he demonstrates a comparative statistical method for determining the extent of change from the latin for the free and checked accented vowels of french , spanish , italian , portuguese , rumanian , old proven\u00e7al , and logudorese sardinian . 
  by assigning 3 1/2 change points per vowel ( with 2 points for diphthongization , 1 point for modification in vowel quantity , 1/2 point for changes due to nasalization , palatalization or umlaut , and \u2212 1/2 point for failure to effect a normal change ) , there is a maximum of 77 change points for free and checked stressed vowel sounds ( 11 \u00d7 2 \u00d7 3 1/2 = 77 ) . 
  according to this system ( illustrated by seven charts at the end of the article ) , the percentage of change is greatest in french ( 44 % ) and least in italian ( 12 % ) and sardinian ( 8 % ) . 
  prof. pei suggests that this statistical method be extended not only to all other phonological , but also to all morphological and syntactical , phenomena . '' . 
  tl ; dr a guy made up an arbitrary scoring system that only looks at the vowels . 
  the posters in that forum thread do n't seem to understand what the numbers mean , either . 
  sentinelese . 
  chinese and icelandic also come to mind as not having many loanwords . 
  like others have said , two academic years of french in one year of self-study is very doable . 
  study two hours a day and you may very well end up ahead , depending on the classes . 
  if it were me , i 'd run through assimil , harry potter , possibly glossika depending on how much time i had , and start trying to find practice partners towards the end of the year . 
  there are , course , plenty of other ways to accomplish the same thing . 
  watch , listen to , and read as many interesting things as you can along the way . 
  as far as number 2 goes , forgetting is a part of the process . 
  when you forget a word , be glad . 
  that 's one less time you 'll have to forget it in the future until it sticks . 
  we 're not all like that . 
  when i moved to rural honduras , one of my first observations was , `` hey , these people keep old rusty cars and junk in their yards like we do ! '', 
  i 'm american and i do n't get why americans waste so much time and energy on it . 
  natural is fine for me . 
  you have to be pretty apathetic or disconnected to not be interested in watching the train wreck that is the fall of global liberalism . 
  despite stereotypes , americans are n't any stupider than anyone else , we just do n't care about what happens in other countries because we do n't have to and it 's not interesting . 
  it 's very interesting right now . 
  no , nothing like that at all . 
  if parents do n't have money to pay for their children , they send them off into the forest to find their own way . 
  the parents certainly do n't get more money for having more children or anything like that .
