  i do n't think that building a strong foundation comes from word for word translations . 
  the more language i study ( any language , not just german ) , the more i start to think in `` chunks '' or small phrases that i can put together to form sentences instead of words and grammar . 
  honestly , knowing yes , i am , yes , i 'm fine , and other similar responses are just ja in german should be enough for students in my opinion . 
  in the same way that you do n't need to understand that `` auf keinen fall '' is in the accusative case or why it 's in the accusative case to use it or know it means `` no way '' . 
  if you really want to know , you can google it or duden it , but it does n't necessarily help you speak german any better . 
  get the english srt and chinese srt , and use aegisub to put them together . 
  then , assuming you can only do the english r , you 'll be immediately recognizable as an english-speaker , but it still wo n't generally cause any communication problems . 
  like from the bruce lee quote ? 
  i did it in budapest after teaching for two years . 
  i had done training at berlitz when i started , which despite being only two weeks , had at least familiarized me with most of the content in the celta besides the lesson planning bit . 
  it was a good course , with lots of practice , feedback , and a good amount of theory without getting into too much stuff the average teacher does n't need to know . 
  i picked up some tips and generally felt like it helped me find the weak points in my teaching and also made me more comfortable working using different books and approaches than had been used at the schools i had worked at . 
  it 's also a nice thing to have on your r\u00e9sum\u00e9 , but it 's only a dealbreaker for a handful of jobs and regions . 
  check the job ads where you want to work and see if they ask for it specifically . 
  even if they do n't , if you 're a newish teacher , it 's a pretty big plus that can distinguish you from the teach-for-a-year backpackers who are n't as interested in their professional development . 
   the woman could have cheated on the guy , stolen his money to go to the casino or done something terribly bad . 
  and then it 's okay to beat the woman ? 
  or anyone for that matter ? 
   op was suggesting her bf beat up this guy . 
  she said the opposite , in fact . 
   `` i 'm glad he did because we both know that would be the literal worst thing for a foreigner to do ... '', 
   do n't delude yourself in thinking that asians/vietnamese are violent towards women . 
  i did n't bring up the race of the people involved at all , nor did i imply that this was an asian/vietnamese problem . 
  i 've never been to london , but i 'm very familiar with domestic abuse in my own country , thanks , and i dislike it just as much . 
  i took it as `` i 'm glad he did [ restrain himself ] because ... '' makes sense either way , i guess . 
  i just put in on in the background because your question made me curious , and the first scene on the boat is definitely cantonese . 
  if i keep watching it and hear mandarin , i 'll write it here . 
  edit : jackie chan speaks mandarin with consul han or whatever and his daughter . 
  [ that 's exactly what 's on top of / r/de right now . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/4u92re/mobbing_und_der_amoklauf_in_m%c3%bcnchen/ ), 
  the title is `` bullying and the shooting in munich '' , and so far there 's a lot of good discussion about bullying in german schools . 
  i 'd also appreciate if people could recommend some more articles or books on trans issues targeted towards `` converting '' radical feminists . 
  i 've read * trans people and the dialectics of sex and gender * and * is gender inherently oppressive ? 
  should we abolish gender ? 
  * , but i 'm looking for something that 's a little more persuasive . 
  the first piece very much felt like it was written for the choir , and the second did n't handle the contradiction between the oppressive nature of gender and its importance to people 's identities very thoroughly . 
  btw , i do n't consider myself a radical feminist , but recently i 've talked to some other people who told me i was , so i 'm trying to get more informed about it . 
  edit : to sum up my views which have led to disagreements , so that people might have a better idea of what to recommend :, 
  gender is inherently oppressive . 
  we should aim to abolish gender . 
  as an oppressed group , trans people should be supported by socialists against the bigotry , violence , and discrimination they face . 
  that should not , however , extend to cases where it contradicts the goal of abolishing gender . 
  gender as a tool of oppression is a larger battle than helping preserve gender identity as something important to some people . 
  it seems like my views that trans will not be a meaningful category post-gender are shared by the pieces i 've seen so far , but i could be misreading them . 
  because stereotyped gender roles are an integral part of some people 's identity as trans . 
  i 've never really seen people who identify as third gender/gnc etc. 
  bring this up , it 's pretty much exclusive to trans men and trans women , and of course it 's by no means all . 
  defining gender as a set of preferences and behaviors as opposed to the experienced oppression or privilege of gender as a class reinforces the gender roles we should be trying to do away with . 
  perhaps a good example is [ this piece ] ( https://medium.com/@jencoates/i-am-a-transwoman-i-am-in-the-closet-i-am-not-coming-out-4c2dd1907e42#.8bf183arv ) which has been going around recently , which is one of the more extreme examples i 've seen of idealizing femininity and defining gender by things like clothes and toys . 
  this is a theme i 've seen in real-life as well , and is the part of the trans movement which seems counterproductive to the goal of abolishing gender as whole . 
  throughout the first quarter of the article , the author feels like a girl because they want to play with girls ' toys and wear girls ' clothes , as if that were what defines girls and women . 
  but then , when other people define genders by behavioral traits ( namely saying that positive personality traits are feminine ) , the author recognizes the problem without realizing that it 's exactly what they themself do . 
  the author also feels like they should be included in women 's discussions on femininity despite having been treated as a male for most of their life . 
  gender is a class , being a part of that class is experiencing life as a member of that class . 
  there 's no problem with presenting and be treated as a woman , but the author defines that through their behavior and preferences rather than their experience . 
  and even so , the author presents as a man for their daily life and rejects living the woman experience ( as treated by others ) . 
  the author 's perception of their gender is tied to their stereotypes about what it is to be a woman , which is exactly what we 're trying to get rid of . 
  the author identifies with women as a social construct , who like pink dresses and cute pajamas and whatever , but does n't have much tying them to women as a class , which are not defined by their clothing choices , color preferences , use of make-up , or anything along those lines . 
  most of the people i know who know better than me disagree with me on this , and i 'm more than happy to be wrong . 
  i 'm just still looking for something that handles what to me is the biggest contradiction : if trans men and trans women define their identity by stereotypical gender roles ( not all do ) , it reinforces and relies on an oppressive structure that we should be trying to abolish . 
  that would n't have changed anything . 
  they did n't go because whether or not it was actually loud was beside the point . 
  she did n't want the weird foreigner under her , so she kept complaining until someone changed it . 
  which they always will , because situations are judged by the merit of the person saying them , and foreigners go below everyone in that hierarchy . 
  it would cause her a loss of face to reject her complaint outright , and her face is more important than foreigners , who have no face . 
   all languages are related, 
  wherever you found this information is not a worthy source . 
  wikipedia language families . 
  if two languages are n't in the same primary family , they 're probably not related . 
  basque is an isolate , yes , but it 's far from the only one . 
  but to answer your question , i 've always found that european spanish and greek sound remarkably similar , despite not being closely related . 
  my latin 's pretty rusty , but what you posted means something like `` it takes fire our with predictions '' translated monty python style . 
  confla nostram fortunam would be my pick for a literal translation if you 're telling one person to ignite your destiny , conflate for more than one . 
  i do n't think that 's what you mean , but i 'm not really sure how else to take it . 
  also , what exactly you mean by destiny could change things . 
  fortuna is n't destiny , but i ca n't think of any words meaning destiny that are appropriate for that phrase , whatever it means . 
  edit : another option , now that i 'm thinking about it :, 
  ( may our fate take fire ), 
  that seems like pretty bad advice . 
  plenty of people speak languages they have no certifications for . 
  i 've applied with and used languages i have no certification for . 
  it wo n't be an issue unless you ca n't actually speak the language . 
  \u7f8e is phonetic as well , from the second syllable in america \u4e9e\u7f8e\u5229\u52a0 , much like \u82f1\u570b from \u82f1\u683c\u862d . 
  what kind of r are you using ? 
  a spanish r should be mostly comprehensible , but a german or english r not so much . 
  the proper sound is neither an i nor an r in most other languages , but might sound to you like either one in different situations . 
  that 'll do it then . 
  an english r sound does n't have much at all in common with the japanese sound , but an english l is pretty similar . 
  focus on imitating the sounds you hear in japanese instead of approximating it with an english sound or the english sound for the romaji letter and japanese folks will have a much better time listening to you . 
  \u63ed\u79d8 ( 2013 ) is a good mystery/whodunnit kind of thing . 
  \u75de\u5b50\u82f1\u96c4 ( 2009 ) is a good buddy cop show with plenty of action and mystery . 
  neither of them are actually chinese , but they 're both in mandarin . 
  edit : i forgot you asked for websites . 
  i get most all mine from avistaz.to . 
  let me know if you need an invite . 
  if you 're looking for something more current , i 've been hearing good things about \u89e3\u5bc6 ( 2016 ) . 
  why have you still not told anyone what languages you speak ? 
  from what you 've said about catholic school and the way you write , my hunch is that a few of the languages are indian , but the fact that i still have to guess at this point is kind of odd . 
  it would n't be a problem . 
  it was just a roundabout way of saying i thought you were from india .
