  what sound does u make ? 
  well , it can be u as in lu , u as in ju , u as in diu . 
  how do you represent \u3121 ? 
  could be u as in diu , ou as in you . 
  how do you represent - \u3128\u3123 ? 
  it 's un , but the second part of the diphthong drank too much baijiu and wandered off , apparently . 
  unless the word stands by itself , and then it 's wen again . 
  i in pinyin is a disaster . 
  it can represent \u311f as in gui , \u3127 as in li , and little vowel in zi , which is normally not written in zhuyin . 
  e is n't any better . 
  what do the sounds in ke , jie , and zheng have to do with each other ? 
  not a whole lot . 
  pinyin is less bad if you pretend like it 's not an alphabet at all and just memorize the initials and finals , but it 's still got plenty of inconsistencies . 
  that , and getting western students to understand that letters do n't correspond to sounds is n't always easy . 
  at the end of the day a lot of it comes down to preference and which inconsistencies bother you more . 
  i personally would n't change much about zhuyin besides the \u3128\u3125 and \u3129\u3125 combinations . 
  for most learners , whether you 'll be interacting more with taiwan or the prc should answer the question of what to use for you . 
   most western languages , have way more inconsistencies than pinyin , so i do n't really see the problem here . 
  everyone learning english knows that letters do n't correspond to sounds . 
  like i said , the consistency is n't necessary , but having a shallow orthography like spanish has its pluses compared to the nonsense that is pinyin , or worse english . 
   pinyin is imo about as good as you can get while using the existing latin alphabet . 
  i far prefer yale . 
  it solves the issues with i and u being used for multiple phonemes . 
  it also has its problems , but has better letter/digraph -  phoneme correspondence than pinyin . 
  i agree that \u3128\u3125 and \u3129\u3125 are unnecessarily inconsistent , but i do n't really see where you 're coming from with the other ones . 
  yes , zhuyin could be much better . 
   either you go with the already widely used latin alphabet and get all the available technology or make your own thing and make everything from scratch . 
  this might have been an issue in the 90s , but the programs , imes , tools , etc. 
  for zhuyin are already here and well-developed . 
  there 's no technological disadvantage from using it any more . 
  edit : to put it as simply as i can , if you learn the sound values of the zhuyin system , you 'll have to memorize two unintuitive finals , \u3128\u3125 and \u3129\u3125 . 
  it 's an imperfect but mostly systematic representation of chinese sounds . 
  every final in pinyin has to be learned as a whole ( and in some cases , eg . 
  i , u , you have to look at the initial too ) , compared to just two finals that have to be learned separately in zhuyin . 
   fascism / \u02c8f\u00e6\u0283\u026az\u0259m / is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism , characterized by dictatorial power , forcible suppression of opposition , and control of industry and commerce . 
  india , appalachia ( i 'm a native , so does n't really count ) , australia , and liverpool were easy for me . 
  scotland kind of questionable ; the rest were completely incomprehensible . 
  the irish one surprised me . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard an irish accent like that . 
  no , i crumple my napkins after i 've finished eating because i was taught it 's impolite to fold them . 
  we have the [ do-words ] ( / e `` verbs '' ) thrack and thrutch . 
  if we wield one of them as a [ thing-word ] ( / e `` nouns '' ) , you could say low thrutch . 
   french . 
  along with english , it 's the only other language to have more second language speakers than native speakers . 
  as far as major languages go , indonesian and swahili both have more second language speakers than natives as well . 
  according to the [ 2010 census ] ( http://bps.go.id/index.php/publikasi/14 ) , there are 43 million native indonesian speakers in indonesia and 156 million non-native speakers . 
   i 've tried to translate lysias on my own from the perseus website , but it feels tedious and i 'm not sure i 'm making any progress . 
  i was n't self-taught , but that 's exactly how i felt reading lysias my third semester after finishing hansen and quinn . 
  it got better with time . 
  [ so are you chinese or japanese ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_caz4eaexq ), 
  it 's easily my least favorite city in china . 
  the chinese people living there tend to be materialistic assholes , and the foreigners there are overwhelmingly hipsters , people on eat pray love quests using chinese people as the backdrop for dealing with their other problems , or failed rich kids . 
  i 've only spent a few days there , but i have no interest in going back . 
  so basically china , just worse . 
  historically , cato the elder . 
  i do n't particularly like anyone now . 
  i respect putin for maintaining stability like he does . 
  i also had a lot of respect for chavez , maduro not so much . 
  not a person , but the chinese communist party 's systematic approach to long-term plans and a/b tests is something we could learn from , but i would n't call them my favorite by any means . 
  one thing i 'd like to know more about is the hebrew \u05e8 . 
  as far as i can hear , it seems like it 's almost always uvular , but a few textbooks i 've looked at have at least one speaker with an alveolar r. 
  how common is the alveolar r ? 
  do you know anyone who uses it ? 
  is it associated with any particular origin , class , region , etc. ? 
  is there a big difference in how many young people use one versus the other compared to older people ? 
  i can produce an uvular r and do when speaking german , but it 's often unvoiced and i 'd have to pay attention to it to make sure i voice it in hebrew . 
  i have no problems at all producing an alveolar r. how weird would it sound to use the alveolar r ? 
  pretty much every language i 'm fluent in , i 'm fluent because of prolonged exposure . 
  lived in spanish speaking countries for a few years , married a german . 
  i 've been using esperanto on the internet for almost 15 years . 
  not that i just learned through immersion , but constant exposure is a big help pushing through to that next level , from serviceable to `` fluent '' or whatever you want to call it . 
  basement is not correct , but tons of people who speak english fluently enough to work and live in english make little mistakes like that . 
  is their english perfect ? 
  but we do n't know enough to say they 're not fluent without talking to them . 
  if you 're defining fluent as perfect , all i can say is that that 's an unusual understanding of the word . 
  thanks . 
  that makes sense with what i hear when i listen to hebrew in the wild . 
  do you have any insight as to why so many learning materials use the alveolar ? 
  if the uvular is so prevalent , it seems odd that they 'd teach anything else . 
  you 're wrong by nature of using very limited and arbitrary methodology . 
  sardinian is the closest by the metrics some guy pulled out of his ass . 
  if he 'd pulled other metrics out of his ass , it would be a different language . 
  seriously , read the mario pei study if you have n't it . 
  he 's making it all up as he goes . 
  weird . 
  my dog is a stray from hungary who understands commands from me in english and hungarian ( he understood the basics already so i kept using them sometimes ) and from everyone else in german and i 've never noticed him preferring one language or another . 
  in fact , because i 'm having one of those days , i 'm going to go ahead and come out and say you 're just projecting your own biases onto the dog . 
  they do n't care . 
  maybe you speak german angrily or french playfully , but that 's you , not the language . 
  i 've heard this a lot from chinese people in europe . 
  the parents/grandparents speak something i ca n't precisely identify ( i usually assume some kind of wu because it kind of sounds like it and it 's not mandarin or cantonese ) , and the kids/grandkids just speak to them in mandarin . 
  i 'm in germany . 
  it 's been days since i heard anyone besides me and my wife speak english . 
  * can speak * is not the same as * does speak * or * wants to speak * , and people ( especially germans ) way overestimate the english level of most germans . 
  a majority of young people and professionals speak english . 
  a majority of germans ? 
  must be kidding . 
  a majority of germans can order beer on vacation in english . 
  when they start trying to tell the waiter that their glass is n't really half a liter , it usually breaks down .
