  yep , integration is one of the areas where the government led the way . 
  that 's one issue of many . 
  are you going to ignore how you called me an mra with no backing whatsoever , because you actually only bothered to look at my profile enough to find something you could use against me without looking at the details ? 
  not even clicking on the sub , apparently ? 
  just another run-in with a liberal who finds ways to use moral policing and shaming to push their agenda on other people . 
  you 've ticked about every box on the liberal checklist besides making fun of my accent . 
  if you grow up in the us , i consider you american . 
  sending monolingual english-speaking americans back to their `` home countries '' is one of the most ridiculous things i 've ever seen . 
  where are you getting the idea that illegals ca n't receive scholarships , though ? 
  they can . 
  no sounds are impossible for english speakers . 
  they just have to learn them like everyone else . 
  first off , you make some very good points . 
  i think we should focus on changing policy to prevent this in the future rather than kicking out the kids who were raised here , but i 'd imagine we 'd agree on a lot of immigration policy outside that point . 
  just want to pick a couple nits :, 
  you and your family have taken much from us . 
  go home and use what you 've learned to help improve your country . 
  i do n't know too much about op 's situation , but this is especially difficult for kids who came early . 
  some of them can barely speak the language of the country they were born in . 
  is that the problem of the american taxpayer ? 
  no , but i think we can find solutions that allow people who grew up here to become contributing citizens without putting further burden on the taxpayers . 
  what we 've paid for them is already gone . 
   we owe you nothing . 
  i 'm completely on board here , but american to american , i think we * should * give `` cultural americans '' ( i.e. 
  grew up here , identify as american , share american values , native english speakers , etc. ), 
  a chance to live here provided they play by the rules . 
  and that brings us to, 
   showing up uninvited and taking from us tax payers while not paying taxes makes you a cheat and and criminal , not an american . 
  i 'm not a big fan of punitive policies in general , but the parents most certainly should be held responsible for any monetary responsibilities they 've skipped out on and , ultimately , be held responsible for illegality of their actions . 
  i ca n't , however , bring myself to blame a five-year-old for their parents crimes . 
  that just fundamentally conflicts with my values . 
  there are cases of people who grew up here who probably should n't be allowed to stay , but not having some way to let cultural americans stay where they call home will have a big negative impact on a lot of people who have n't personally wronged us . 
  it should n't be universal , and it should n't cost the american taxpayer money , but i think we should give them a chance . 
   i said you `` spend time on mra subreddits '' , which you do . 
  give an example of an mra subreddit i spend time on . 
  the bot linked the top posts from the one subreddit i 've posted on specifically for men , and it 's clearly not mras . 
   just another run-in with someone who thinks caring about who 's mean and not who 's right makes them a good citizen , and then failing to even notice who is mean . 
  i care more about who 's right that who 's mean . 
   like , in what universe is criticizing a group for their own constantly-implemented and often-outright-stated policy meaner than hating half the planet for nothing at all ? 
  who hates half the planet ? 
  definitely not me . 
  my problem is n't with you criticizing conservatives , it 's with you immediately associating budget policy with conservative views on social issues and judging people accordingly . 
   i 'm not the fucking `` liberal elite '' !, 
  i grew up in a small town in florida !, 
  that 's the thing , i have an issue with liberal attitudes and behaviors in general , not just ( but especially ) the elites . 
  they 're often related for people who hold both views . 
  they 're not related for people do n't . 
  i 'm a little disappointed , though , i wanted to see you keep trying to attack me based on my history posting on pro-feminist subreddits while i engage you on what you say . 
  i would n't think i 'm progressive for voting for le pen . 
  i 'd think it was the lesser of two evils . 
  also , it 's very telling that you see progressive as a value per se . 
  i like pizza with ranch dressing instead of tomato sauce , topped with black beans . 
  exactly . 
  i keep my phone on airplane mode on weekends , after work hours , or generally any time i 'm `` off '' . 
  if i have it on for some reason , i do n't answer calls from people i do n't want to talk to . 
  the phone is my tool , not the other way around . 
  do n't think so . 
  does that often lead to a love of ranch dressing ? 
  the article is demonstrative when you put stress on it . 
  without stress , it 's just a colloquial form of the pronoun , more or less . 
  i think you understand that part , let me know if you do n't and i 'll try to explain . 
  es is the dummy subject . 
  it 's nominative . 
  the object of es gibt , in this case trump , is accusative , so you use the accusative , den . 
  i do n't see the second accusative you 're talking about . 
  edit : oh i think i get what you mean . 
  es gibt * takes * the accusative case , it is n't accusative itself . 
  german word order can be somewhat free . 
  what matters is not whether the word is before or after * es gibt * , but rather if it 's the thing existing or not . 
  here they 've moved the object of * es gibt * to the front for emphasis , the verb has to come second , and then the grammatical subject * es * comes last . 
  think of the sentence * es gibt \u00fcberall m\u00fccken * . 
  m\u00fccken is accusative here , or would be if there were a difference . 
  if you change it up , * m\u00fccken gibt 's \u00fcberall * , it 's still accusative and has the same meaning , just different emphasis . 
  if you show me where you looked it up , i can give more examples . 
  yes on the translation of the first part . 
  i would translate the second as `` he really exists . '', 
  it 's not accusative because `` there is/are '' or `` exist '' does n't take the accusative in english . 
  the equivalent expression in german , * es gibt * , does take the accusative . 
  yeah you 're fine . 
  many people use the word to talk about workers controlling the means of production . 
  it does n't get egalitarian , even in theory , until class has been abolished entirely and the population spread out to blur the divide between urban and rural . 
  i also see the argument that it is egalitarian , but it 's just a disagreement with one person using dictionaries as a source , not bad linguistics . 
  it does n't help nearly as much as learning the roots used in english words . 
  i was a classics major , i loved it and would recommend it , but they come up with all kinds of bizarre propaganda to get people to take latin classes . 
  little phrases like this are how i remember when to use what case if i 'm not sure . 
  there 's no reason it 'd be useless for non-natives ; / u/nuephelkystikon is just being a negative nancy . 
  actually putting effort into looking for illegal immigrants and deporting them would solve a lot of this problem . 
  this is probably the number one reason i have a bunker . 
  things are bound to go to shit with banks the way they are . 
   the vast majority of germans who are under the age of 35 have achieved near-native fluency in english, 
  yeah no . 
  not even close . 
  people who have graduated from gymnasium in the last 10 years can usually hold a pretty good conversation , b1 or b2 depending on how well it stuck . 
  the people who speak english at a c1/c2 level usually work in english , have english-speaking friends , etc. , and that 's a pretty small part of the population . 
  i 've met one german who speaks english near-natively without having lived in an english-speaking country . 
  i 'm sure there are more in places like berlin , but vast majority ? 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  europe has already invested way too much time and money into learning english to communicate with each other . 
  the germans that deal with foreigners at work are mostly competent in english . 
  i do n't see that diminishing any time soon .
