  it was totalitarian and fascist . 
  china : it is failing in china ? 
  collectivism has n't been the primary economic system in china since mao ( and the countrysides are hurting because of it ) . 
  also , the political system in china was far too authoritarian to be associated with the preferred governmental structure for socialist and communist states . 
  what did tienanmen square have to do with communism ? 
  the protests were incited in large part by economic problems resulting from economic liberalization , and also against the totalitarian government policies . 
  the government killed the people instead of addressing their grievances . 
  gulags : i fail to see their connection to communism . 
  they were prison camps , for all types of prisoners . 
  they were terrible and led to the deaths of many people . 
  how were they communist ? 
  they remind me very much of fascist death camps in germany or the imperialist concentration camps in south africa . 
  killing fields : cambodia was devastated by the civil war during and related to the vietnam war . 
  they were simply dumb . 
  it was n't a planned economy failure , it was , once again , a nationalist regime tyrannically ruling and killing the populace and encouraging a very poorly thought out collective economy based on ancient farming practices . 
  it 's worth noting that communists believe nationalism is a terrible force and has no place in a society . 
  only the pre-stalin ussr and cuba were anationalist movements , as far as socialists/communists go . 
  cuba is by no means perfect , but it is an example of a revolutionary communist state that has not failed and whose human rights record is not markedly different from most non-leftist governments , though its economy suffers greatly at the hands of the us embargo . 
  bbc ( i think ) did an excellent interview with carlos acosta , who grew up in cuba and talks a lot about both sides of living in the socialist state . 
  i strongly recommend it . 
  venezuela , though not a revolutionary communist government , has made great headway towards nationalization and improving the quality of life of its citizens in large part through the tenets of socialism . 
  the only place i have met people for whom communism has as strong of a negative connotation as organized racism is in the united states . 
  like most economical and governmental systems , its success and failure is largely dependent on factors outside the nature of the system itself . 
  on your last comment : why then , do so many countries with / very / evenly redistributed wealth have relatively strong economies ? 
  norway , sweden , even germany ( the the wealth gap is increasing , still top 10 in the world i believe ) being examples thereof . 
  people tend to suck . 
  communist , capitalist , whatever . 
  blaming and condemning such a young and relatively untested system for this is overly hasty . 
  we 've actually been having a discussion over on / r/socialism about what the difference really is . 
  i think the majority of leftists you talk to will agree that socialism and communism are both parts of the same process , and association with one tag or another necessitates no real ideological differences . 
  there are some parties , especially in europe ( pasok being a shining example ) that call themselves socialist but really have nothing to do with socialism or communism at all . 
  if you 're more knowledgeable just ask some questions . 
  a person generally responds rather strongly to realizing they 're an idiot , and shuts off when someone else says so . 
  although i like to believe this is a minority , i ( naturally , being from alabama ) run into it a lot . 
  this is how i deal with it :, 
  1 . use small words . 
  you usually do n't need big words that sound all `` pompous '' and `` faggety '' to explain some of the really simple concepts they 're missing, 
  2 . use their language . 
  for example , if they 're very religious , and you 're familiar with their catchphrases and/or holy text , use them . 
  this only works if you know more than they do , but in my experience , even most atheists do , so it should n't be a problem . 
  speak in their dialect . 
  do n't correct them directly , no matter how stupid something they say is . 
  something i run into a lot ( sadly ) is `` obama is funded by al-qaeda . '', 
  try to keep from looking at the person like you want to . 
  just ask him about obama 's links to al-qaeda and get them to talk about what they know ( should n't take very long ) . 
  appeal to very basic values . 
  what are you gaining from ( for example ) not allowing churches to drive people of unknown residency status to church or the grocery store ? 
  is that more important than their spiritual health ? 
  ability to eat ? 
  i really think playing almost as dumb as your conversation partner is actually the best way to do it . 
  they identify with you if you use their words and share their values ( and in alabama/mississippi/some other areas , their skin color ) . 
  let them convince themselves by asking questions which encourage them to do that . 
  i 'm not in aviation , but i did stay at a holiday inn express last night . 
  sc2 , wc3 , cs 1.6 , and bw, 
  i have lived in third world countries . 
  i have also lived in mississippi . 
  mississippi is worse than any third world country i 've been to . 
  my experience is personal and not intended to be scientific , but his claim is by no means idiotic . 
  i can attest to the validity of this statement . 
  when i lived in the us ( american , btw ) , i could n't afford health insurance because of a chronic condition and had to make sacrifices to eat well ( even though i had a color tv , extravagant , i know . 
  i won it in a gas station raffle ) . 
  being from southern appalachia , i had to have a car to make it 30 minutes to the nearest grocery store ( public transportation ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  as a side note , the fire department was a dude in a red jeep with a bucket . 
  i ca n't make this shit up ) , which was a dollar general , and did n't have particularly healthy foods . 
  you can claim they 're not poor because they can get overproduced dvd players at the dollar store , but actually being able to get what you need to live a somewhat healthy and fulfilling life ? 
  not even close . 
  i think your assertion that we should refrain from accepting the op unquestioningly and become an echo chamber is both correct and important to note . 
  however , i ( and my optimistic self ) like to think the most productive response is to discuss this claim both theoretically and in practical examples . 
  i generally agree with op , but socialism as a transitional system has whole plethora of problems , and a switch would n't lead to the end of the problems ultimately caused by capitalism , at least not for a generation or two . 
  and finally , dogmatic belief in anything , including socialism , ca n't really ever be a good idea . 
  i could n't agree with that more . 
  i like to think greedy for personal development ( in knowledge , skill , & c. ) is what will happen when our needs are met . 
  and i 'm ok with that . 
  more like $ 1.19, 
  i do not tolerate racism . 
  i do not tolerate sexism . 
  i do not tolerate homophobia . 
  these things have no place in my country . 
  a bunch of white kids ran over a man shouting `` nigger '' in my town about a month ago . 
  i hate that . 
  i hate the culture that kids with thoughts like that can grow up in and not be social outcasts . 
  social conservatives have a right to exist in my country , but i have a responsibility to fight them . 
  when they try to legislate bigotry , that responsibility becomes even more important . 
  not all philosophies are equal . 
  equality is always better than oppression , and humanity is always better than hate . 
  i believe those are democrats , not liberals , and / especially / not social libertarians . 
  you should probably get that checked out, 
  just to get this straight , you think that minor crimes such as putting tents where they should n't be and gathering somewhere the police tell you you ca n't warrants physical force , such as firing tear gas and flashbangs . 
  right ? 
  also , i do n't think `` so many people '' just want wall street to be held accountable to our current laws . 
  i think they want stronger laws and stronger enforcement mechanisms . 
  we are quickly creating the new equivalent of `` the allies '' who will save us by antagonizing the world . 
  this is what i 'm anxious about more than the players themselves switching, 
  if a rich person thinks he should have a larger tv than me , i do n't really mind . 
  when a rich person says his child should have a better education than mine , i get pretty pissed . 
  the doe is n't great , but as an alabamian , i would love to see education nationalized so our students could be reasonably competitive . 
  also , maybe a government that 's not run by people who are products of alabama schools could do a better job of helping my county 's 7 % illiteracy rate . 
  i have n't read that one . 
  i think i will next time i get a chance .
