  when it comes to chess or starcraft , i 'm not an expert , but i 'm guessing the reasons that there are fewer women at the top has a lot more to do with socialization than biology . 
  the fact that fewer females play is a part of that . 
  either way , scarlett is competing as someone who shares neither the biology nor the life experiences of other women ( which can lead to things like playing fewer video games , to use your example ) . 
   you are expecting a country which as only modernised around 1/3 of the country , recently , to be able to produce media of that quality ? 
  they 're not even trying to produce internationally appealing films , which is a part of what i was saying . 
  they lack diversity by any metric . 
  creating chinese movies for chinese people is great in the context of abcs ( or bbc , cbc etc. ) . 
  it sucks to have no one to look up to in movies , and to see your body at odds with all the heroes and leaders in your country . 
  but for china the country , it 's a recipe for disaster if that 's all you produce . 
  excessive nationalism , always showing certain races in certain roles , etc. , is just a fast track to the toxic nationalism and racism already exhibited by white america . 
  china has that kind of power now . 
  and i could be wrong , but i do n't think that 's taking the us anywhere good . 
   i swear the people that they 've hired to release these translations into english have no damn experience in what they are supposed to do . 
  it does seem pretty damn weak . 
  it would definitely help to get pr people for the english releases that have even the faintest notion of what they 're doing and let them do it , i agree completely . 
  i have less of a problem with the law itself , and more an issue with the rhetoric around it . 
  natal females as opposed to transgender/transsexual . 
   she is a female, 
  she is person who grew up as a boy and with a boy 's biological development . 
  her accomplishments are great , but she has neither the biology nor the life experience ( from birth/childhood ) that makes considering her a woman for competitive purposes fair . 
   l think it 's unfair to say she does n't share the life experiences of women because it 's not like she really shared the life experiences of men either . 
  well , it can be unfair to her , because she 's not really a man , or it can be unfair to every other woman in her sport . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't think that trans people do n't fitly neatly into either common sex/gender category , but apparently everyone has to think that trans women are like natal women in every way . 
  the only full-length latin film i can think of [ sebastiane ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebastiane ) , but it 's ... sparse on dialogue ( link may be nsfw , i should add ) . 
  of course i do , that 's why it 's a debate in the first place . 
  plenty of politicized science has come out saying global warming is bunk or that cigarettes do n't hurt you , but that does n't make it good science . 
  i 'm not going to agree to disagree about global warming , despite the fact that it 's politicized . 
  people plateau with teachers just as much as they do without . 
  it 's a natural part of the process . 
   it 's dumb . 
  everyone knows it 's dumb . 
  the guys in this sub are the only ones defending it just to prove a point that i already agreed to . 
  there are clearly reasonable cases and clearly unreasonable cases . 
  but that 's only if you are reasonable about it . 
  i do n't know enough to make any valid arguments , so i 'm going to call the experts dumb and unreasonable . 
  both are major languages with more quality resources than you can shake a stick at . 
  also , i used assimil for mandarin and thought it was fine . 
  what do n't you like about it ? 
   many of our right wing groups have taken to claiming to be leftists . 
  who has been doing this ? 
  with german , i was in the car and realized i understood the radio while distracted and not really trying to understand . 
  another , more recent instance was after the election last week . 
  as everyone 's token american friend , i had to spend the whole stammtisch session answering questions about the american political system and discussing politics in general . 
  in hindsight , that 's not an easy language task and the fact that i took it for granted at the time shows me i 've come a long way , even if i do n't always feel like it . 
  we 're generally talking about [ economic liberals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_liberalism ) ( which include most every capitalist party ) or related ideas like [ classical liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical_liberalism ) . 
  [ social liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_liberalism ) still embraces the market economy as well , and at this point i probably do n't even need to mention [ neoliberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoliberalism ) . 
  referring to everything left of mainstream politics as `` liberal '' is just a quirk of the american far right . 
  i 'm not generally too vocal in categorizing my views as socialist in real life , but even my mostly politically uninterested , deep red state republican/libertarian friends would n't call me a liberal , because most of what i say does n't have much in common with democrats , and i badmouth them almost as much as i do republicans . 
  because i 'm not a liberal , and it 's painfully obvious to anyone who half-knows what i 'm about politically . 
  i am also from alabama . 
  no one uses liberal the same way socialists do , but i think most people are still aware that i 'm not a liberal , despite the fact that i 'm evidently not a reagan-worshiper . 
  bernie 's definitely a liberal to most people , but then most of the sub here would probably call bernie a liberal too , so it 's not too terribly far off . 
   i appreciate you taking the time to clarify instead of just being incorrectly judgmental . 
  i come here hoping to learn , but a lot of people here seem to just be elitist jerks . 
  for a working class movement , a lot of people here tend to expect everyone to be a university-educated , politically conscious , and well-read on socialism ( particularly / r/socialism 's brand of socialism , which tends to be very first world/urban/coastal / etc ) . 
  excluding people who are n't those things ( yet ) is a high-speed ticket to completely alienating the working class and keeping socialism stuck at the fringes of american society . 
  pretty much every political group has a different interpretation of what the difference between socialists and communists is . 
  i personally find it pretty safe and accepted to use socialism to refer to any number of left anti-capitalist tendencies , including everything from anarchocommunism , anarchosyndicalism , and democratic confederalism all the way over to leninists , stalinists , maoists and the like . 
  communism is generally used to refer to groups springing from lenin 's contributions to marxist thought . 
  however , marxists usually think of socialism as a necessary step on the path towards communism . 
  socialism is different , but it 's all a part of the same process . 
  context is key . 
  linguist in common speech refers to any number of language professionals like translators , interpreters , and the like , but it would be silly to go on a forum for academic linguists and tell them they 're not referring to themselves correctly . 
  in the same way , your understanding of socialism and communism may work well when talking to other people , but on a socialist forum , we 're going to use the words a bit differently , and a lot of us will use socialism to refer to the phase following a communist revolution but before full communism instead of more widely used definitions . 
  side note edit : those sources will not convince anyone here . 
  we tend to use terminology the way it 's used in socialist literature , so bakunin/kropotkin/marx / lenin/trotsky whatever . 
  if you want to correct someone 's use of a word , you should probably start there . 
   and reject the liberals that so smugly call them `` uneducated '' and `` rednecks '' from their ivory towers . 
  and i 'm racist when i point that out , and i 'm literally lynching black people because i think it 's partially the left 's fault that the white working class does n't see any answers coming from the left and has turned to right populists like trump , the afd , marine le pen , or whoever else . 
  when i hear racist shit , i call it out , but going into a conversation with an average working class trump voter assuming that they 've developed the consciousness and political empathy to realize how their choices affect minorities is basically giving up already . 
  if we write off the whole group as irredeemable , there can be no mass movement . 
  supporting resistance within oppressed communities is still critically important , but acting like we 're smarter than the working class without engaging and educating them does n't even give us a chance . 
  considering the size and how loose this sub 's moderation is , we kind of have to accept that we 're going to get new people at varying levels of political awareness . 
  i personally think we should do our best to help and educate them . 
  i appreciate the need for an area for socialists that 's more focused and geared towards discussing more advanced topics without constantly having to answer the same questions , but / r/communism serves that purpose for ml * s , and i 'm okay with / r/socialism filling a different role in the community . 
  is having implies eating in english , but * haben * does n't in german . 
  das m\u00e4dchen hat reis just means the girl has rice . 
  `` the girl is having rice '' would need to be translated as `` das m\u00e4dchen isst reis . '', 
  see [ this comment thread ] ( https://www.duolingo.com/comment/288975 ) . 
  lots of weird stuff exists with romanian because of the prolonged slavic influence and being a part of the balkan sprachbund . 
  it 's a lot of things , but it 's hard to say it 's uninteresting . 
   and yeah , that 's kinda how i feel . 
  glorified babysitter lol . 
  it 's concerning to me that you 're experiencing this in europe . 
  it 's par for the course in asia , where half the english teachers are paid for having a white face and expected to do nothing but entertain or be a living soundboard . 
  i looked back through your first post , and the unfortunate thing is that people often treat you as what they think you 're worth . 
  you got the job for being a native speaker , without any other qualifications , so your employer is going to treat you like an untrained monkey . 
  not that you in any way are , but bosses gon na boss . 
  happens outside of esl , too , and it sucks . 
  it sounds to me like you were doing a good job engaging the students , but that 's not what any of the adults involved expected or wanted . 
  within a school system , motivated teachers with non-traditional teaching styles ( even if very tame and well-supported by research ) are a threat and an inconvenience , and most get two to five years before they get worn down . 
  extra true because you 're a disruptive foreign force who they do n't view as an expert . 
  i have no advice , unfortunately . 
  i would tell them they 're tying my hands behind my back against what we agreed on before i took the job , and i quit because this is n't the job i signed up for . 
  but then again , i have pretty much zero tolerance for employers ' bullshit , so ymmv . 
   most private tutors have to do other part time jobs to support themselves, 
  most of the ones i know do n't . 
  a good english teacher can realistically pull upwards of $ 40 per hour , though ~ $ 25 is more common . 
  it depends on where you are and how in demand your language is , of course , but i 've never lived anywhere where most private tutors have to take a side job . 
  when you consider the volatility of finding courses to fill your schedule , it 's not a great job , but you can certainly make a living .
