  what a treat . 
  it looks like only voiceover after that , though . 
  i 'm very , * very * well aware of that at this point , but thank you for your concern . 
  i am not confident that our current setup will continue to provide stability . 
  people are increasingly looking for different kinds of answers . 
  looking at the long-term i 'm pretty hopeful . 
  [ listening reading ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/listening-reading_method ), 
  the tbills are n't similar to labor treasury certificates much at all . 
  they 're an interesting subject to read up on . 
  i do n't think the amount of power the banks have is worth what we gain from debt that we could n't gain from other ways of financing spending . 
  [ this might interest you . 
  ] ( http://www.webupd8.org/2016/03/translate-any-text-you-select-on-your.html ), 
  where did republicans come into this ? 
  what you 've got there is showing that republican politicians are assholes . 
  how does that transfer to you thinking that / u/itspronouncedmo-beel and / u/kjdkaslknv want to starve people . 
  what the hell ? 
  i 'm not particularly conservative , but i grew up around conservatives and am mostly surrounded by conservatives when i 'm in the us . 
  what you 're doing is the exact thing that makes me hate and vote against liberals every chance i get : smug bullshit and putting words into people 's mouths . 
  different monetary policy does not mean wanting to starve people , and it does n't make you a bad person . 
   hate to break it to you , but that is conservatism these days . 
  a hatred for liberals with no plan of its own . 
  i hate the conservative political class and media just as much , but i get a lot less shit for having different views from average conservatives than i do from liberals . 
  my plan involves a lot more government involvement in the economy than either democrats or republicans are offering . 
   i was raised a hard-line conservative on a daily diet of glenn beck , bill o'reilly , and rush limbaugh , and i believed in them when they told me what they wanted and why they wanted it . 
  i did too , or rather before glenn beck was a big thing , but same idea . 
  then i read walden and got to researching anarchism when i was 15 or so and realized that the policies i was supposed to be supporting did n't match the values i was raised with or held . 
  the people around you yelled at you that they want to watch people starve on the street ? 
  because that 's what this conversation was about . 
  i 'm sorry you knew assholes , but that 's no reason to think that two random posters on the internet want to let people starve . 
  look , i know that i 've been involved in political activism for lgb rights for about ten years now . 
  i know that i work with lgb refugees ( not professionally ) . 
  your attempts to paint me as your fucked-up image of liberal-hating you got from your community just make me chuckle . 
  i 'm sad that happened to you , but you seriously need to re\u00ebvaluate how you project your shit onto other people who have n't done anything to you . 
  i 'm trying to keep the unkind words on this side of the screen , but damn you 're smug . 
  anti-liberal ! = conservative , and even so , conservative ! = wants to let people starve . 
  you 'd have a good point if we were looking at an individual , but as a group it 's usually possible to identify the ethnicity with pretty good accuracy . 
  the purpose of the question was to see what people think and how assad is viewed , right ? 
  to that goal the answers are pretty good . 
  have you talked to the arbeitsamt or bezirksregierung ? 
  lots of immigrants qualify for subsidized language courses , and from your description i 'd be surprised if you did n't . 
  your local bookstore , or at least the one in the nearest big city , probably has a great selection of books for learning german as well . 
  you 're in germany . 
  study and practice and you 'll be fine . 
  there are also jobs that do n't require german if you 're willing to do them , but you 'll still be interacting with german speakers . 
  it 's harvest season ( depending on what they grow in your area ) , so that might be a good place to start looking . 
  the arbeitsamt can help with the work situation as well . 
  edit : by the way , i 'm talking about the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit . 
  the name changed , i used the old one out of habit . 
  obama did n't do hardly anything that was social democratic . 
  he forced us to give private companies money for healthcare , promoted free trade , and strengthened big banks . 
  he 's a liberal extraordinaire , opposed to most of the policies that distinguish a social democrat like bernie . 
  as long the economy keeps getting worse for working americans , we 're going to see more and more populist politics . 
  trump is just the beginning . 
  i think america is more likely to vote for right-wingers than left , but it would n't surprise me at all if a berniecrat won in 2024 or so . 
  i still maintain that fdr is only remembered as a socialist because he fought hitler , though . 
  his policies were as fascist as they were socialist . 
   i can not `` agree to disagree '' on whether or not i 'm a legitimate human being with rights . 
  i 'm happy to have reasonable discussion , but that does not mean i 'm ever willing to let the issue rest because the status quo is not okay . 
  the same goes for someone whose kids are going to die so the republicans can pass their tax cut , or the families who lose their sons to idiotic no-exit-strategy wars , or any number of other things . 
  no one has been talking about whether you 're a human being with rights in this thread but you . 
  i only let things rest because i 'm cynical and do n't think anyone besides republicans and democrats are going to win any time soon . 
  republicans will restrict social freedoms and make minor tax cuts , democrats will sell our country to the banks and international corporations , sell our bodies to the pharmaceutical industry , disarm the citizenry , and propose minor tax increases . 
  either way , people die and their lives get ruined , and things get shittier for the next generation . 
  as a gay person , it totally makes sense to be a democrat . 
  as a non-gay person , i think at the end of the day they 're doing more harm than good when we look at the community as a whole . 
   the fact that conservatives are willing to drop the issue five minutes after telling you that they 're literally the apostle paul being hunted by the romans is the most succinct proof that their claims are absolute bullshit . 
  still not the people in this thread . 
  this is what you said in response to people wanting to cut the budget . 
  this is not a strawman . 
   why do you two have a hard on for letting americans starve ? 
  you 're smug because you 're conflating the sins of various conservative groups with conservative people . 
  what we call conservative is a very broad coalition of quite different groups , especially since bannonism has gotten thrown into the mix . 
  plus, 
   republican voters are by and large so unable to tell bullshit from fact, 
  that does n't sound smug to you ? 
  i ca n't tell if i 'm supposed to think they 're evil or stupid , or both . 
  either way it does n't match my experience with conservatives at all . 
  some of them , sure . 
  there are some real asshole conservatives out there . 
  real asshole people . 
  sorry you 've had to deal with them . 
  still not enough to assume that much about two random people on the internet . 
  supporting tax cuts is not the same as supporting people who are anti-gay , nor is it the same as having a hard-on for letting people starve . 
   who do you like , exactly ? 
  no one in the us right now , at least not that i know of . 
  bernie is as close as i 've seen in my lifetime . 
  i would have voted for m\u00e9lenchon in france , but i would have preferred le pen in the run-off . 
  i 'm quite sympathetic to deutsche mitte in germany , but their rhetoric about immigrants is concerning to me . 
  in general i think what i think and do n't bother too much with finding a team to fit in , but i 'm probably closest to radical middle or the left side of third positionist movements . 
  my economic values tend to be a bit producerist-flavored socialism , and socially i 've been heavily influenced by radical feminism ( which means definitely no participating in the left any more ) , but think these cultural issues mostly are n't questions governments can solve besides keeping themselves out of everyone 's way . 
  he was a big admirer of mussolini . 
  [ interesting article ] ( https://mises.org/library/three-new-deals-why-nazis-and-fascists-loved-fdr ) , if you do n't have time for the book . 
  also , fascist economics are different . 
  they 're similar to socialism , but they shun class conflict for collaboration . 
  private companies end up playing a very different role . 
  i 'm not sure what mra subreddits you 're talking about . 
  it was made as a pro-feminist community , i posted there a bit , but it did n't live up to expectations , was n't as pro-feminist as i thought , so i unsubbed . 
  still definitely not mra , though . 
  everything about the last hundred years of social history says otherwise . 
  most of the successes have been won through interaction , community engagement , and the media , and government policy has followed .
