  i usually use epubs or pdfs and pocketbook on android . 
  sometimes it 's a little off vertically , but horizontally it normally works okay . 
  i used to use google play books , but that did format weird sometimes . 
  charlie wilson 's war is one of my favorite war-related movies , definitely worth a watch for anyone who has n't seen it . 
  i have introduced the term eingebaute vorfahrt ( built-in right-of-way ) to my american friends and some have started using it . 
  some things are truly universal . 
  do they have a phrase like that to describe drivers of luxury cars in slovenia ? 
  if you are n't familiar with it already , beelinguapp might scratch that itch for the time being . 
   tax cuts for the rich, 
  [ not if bannon has anything to do with it . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.de/steve-bannon-pushing-trump-for-tax-hike-on-rich-americans-2017-7?r=us&amp;ir=t ) he 's pushing big tax breaks for everyone but the rich ,, 
  who will get a substantial tax hike . 
  trump 's crew is traditionally republican in a lot of ways , but he got elected with a lot of populist rhetoric and is following through on a surprising amount of it . 
  i personally still think it 's mostly crumbs to keep us distracted from the even bigger problems , but he is making concessions to the concerns of us plebs from time to time . 
  if the english obviously is n't close enough to the japanese to help you learn it , just delete the card . 
  i do n't usually see this distinction made outside of academic literature , and even then it 's pretty flexible . 
  ~ ~ they decline differently for animate and inanimate nouns . ~ ~, 
  also true , but missing an important part in this example . 
  in the accusative , you have different declensions for masculine animate , masculine inanimate , feminine , and neuter . 
  in ops example the difference is between masculine animate and feminine . 
  they 're both accusative here . 
  the difference is the class of the noun , not case . 
  edit : my first comment was wrong , fixed it . 
  well , the first one does . 
  i 've amended my comment . 
  in defense of my bad first answer , animacy is a part of the russian gender system and part of what makes these not the same form . 
  in reality i just had my head up my ass and answered what i thought they were asking instead of what they actually asked . 
  it 's still not a case distinction , though . 
  stupid questions bother me a lot , lot less than stupid answers . 
   the people in the appalachians and chesapeake regions speak the closest this planet has to elizabethan english ( including colloquialisms ) . 
  this is just an urban legend ( or should i say rural legend ? ) . 
  it 's true that the dialect ( of the appalachians at least ) is quite conservative , but it has a lot stronger scots-irish heritage than elizabethan . 
  the largest chunk of the settlers had roots in northern england and scotland via ireland , where the accent was never particularly close to the prestige variety of elizabethan english . 
  6 years ago , black people were still pretty uncommon outside of big cities in germany . 
  if this was today then the lady was just being weird . 
  my favorite is when they ask about bakeries . 
  i 've had a few refuse to believe the town does n't have one . 
  * they distinguish bakeries from the places that make cakes , called konditoreien , which we do have . 
  [ serious enough ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g37ht4-etze ), 
  i 'm surprised there 's not more violence in this country as divided and unempathetic as we are . 
  really . 
  there 's a place that has pretty good fried pies that i usually recommend , but the best selection of bread is probably walmart . 
  i hear the right wackjobs and fringe viewpoints from family and neighbors ( they tend to be more anti-government right than racist , though there 's more of the latter than i 'd like ) and the left wackjobs and fringe viewpoints from some people i knew from socialist organizing i still keep up with . 
  i do n't watch the news much . 
  people who can afford to be moderate and apathetic are likely to be moderate and apathetic . 
  the number of people who ca n't afford to be apathetic any more is rising , and that 's a lot of why we 're seeing more involvement in fringe politics both ways . 
  my hunch is there are a lot more people who can afford to be apathetic and moderate in new york than alabama . 
  i 'd be interested to see stats on how violent rallies are by political orientation , but my google fu is failing me . 
  does anyone know of any studies on this ? 
  i 'm not saying everyone is 100 % one way or the other . 
  if anything , i 'm saying that people take it personally and see the other side and trying to hurt them or the country as a whole . 
  i do n't think it 's about news talking points . 
  i do n't hear antifa or white nationalist talking points on the news . 
  people towards the extremes seek out their own information sources . 
  maybe they then parrot what they hear there , but that 's very different than being a phenomenon caused by media polarization . 
  also , i discuss political stuff with people to a fault because i enjoy it . 
  my experience has n't been the same as yours at all . 
  it 's good to be active . 
  i included moderate because it 's to a certain extent support for the status quo , at least compared to extremes at either end . 
  those people were minorities in their states and surrounded by other groups , but they were n't diaspora communities , which tend to assimilate much faster . 
  the big exception being roma , whose condition is similar in some ways . 
  that 's true about the zoroastrians as well , but they 've been almost completely assimilated . 
  the basque and bedouins are living in their ancestral homelands , which is very different than the situation of perpetual foreigners like roma or jews . 
  this is a personal answer , but for someone with a chronic disease it 's definitely the healthcare system . 
  most of our problems have upsides or at the very least represent some american values that i like and respect , but i have trouble seeing it with healthcare . 
  i 've been saving working and going to the doctor abroad and should be able to make it back and sustain a comfortable lifestyle soon , but it 's a big hurdle that 's a pretty exclusively american problem in the first world . 
  `` read more '' is the reddit version of `` nuh uh '' . 
  my dog hates the banjo . 
  not as much as he hates fiddles , but he runs every time i open the banjo case . 
  fiddles send him into an absolute fit . 
  he 's strangely okay with playing the guitar , though . 
  that was the point of the question , was n't it ? 
  op asked for non-natives , not people in non-english-speaking countries . 
  canada has a significant number of non-native speakers ; their perspective would still be relevant and interesting here . 
  i put 4000 sentences from glossika mandarin into anki and that was my primary method of using it . 
  it helped a lot and i do n't feel like it was detrimental in any way . 
  i was focusing on passive comprehension , but that would have been true if i had n't been using anki , as well . 
  you 're doing the opposite , so you 're missing out on the listening practice , but you could just add a new flipped card . 
  it 's up to you , though . 
  i set mine to no limit on reviews and added cards when i knew i 'd have time to do them . 
  some days it was 50 if i had lots of time to kill , some days it was zero . 
  i prioritized keeping up with the reviews . 
  i do n't know , [ i ca n't find it ] ( https://inflationdata.com/inflation/images/charts/inflation_trends/cumulative_inflation.jpg ) . 
  i 've noticed it and i 'm not * that * old . 
  waffle house keeps getting more and more expensive . 
  are you familiar with any breakdowns of where he goes wrong ? 
  just saying `` he 's not an expert '' is n't going to do it for me or i 'm guessing most of the people here . 
  i would have been closer to asking if anyone actually liked it . 
  depends on how you define major world . 
  i 'll use the alpha cities and larger from [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_city ) . 
  toronto is probably my favorite world city in north america , chicago my favorite in the us , but i would n't want to live in a major world city . 
  if i had to , i far prefer european cities . 
  ~ ~ budapest ~ ~ ( oops that 's beta ) , warsaw , and lisbon are all pretty high on my list of cities i would n't mind living in if i had to live in a city . 
  new york is probably bottom half of the linked list , and there are few of those places i 'd like to live at all . 
  because you are n't using a good deck . 
  looks like the pinyin was added automatically . 
  focus on mimicking what you hear , not just sounding things out . 
  record yourself and compare it to recordings of native speakers saying the same things . 
  listen to what 's different and work on it .
