  the part about the barrier between foreigners and spaniards is the part that really surprised me living here , and you hit it spot on . 
  same story here , and it 's not that i 'm hanging out with other anglophone expats ; most of my friends are latin american ( and the rest italian ) . 
  i move about every year or two , and this is the first country in which i 've felt so disconnected from native people and culture , and it 's certainly not for lack of trying or experience integrating in other places . 
  cs : go , lol , sc2 , and dota2 sometimes . 
  i look at the schedules and results on readmore.de , so i do n't really have to go to other sites all that much unless i have to look up something specific . 
  having a few assholes in office but being surrounded by friendly people i know is ok with me . 
  i 'd rather not have the assholes in office , but it 's not worth moving away from the culture for . 
  i agree that the subreddit is frustrating and full of badlinguistics , but to most non-linguists , polyglots = = linguists . 
  it seems a bit pedantic to reject that usage . 
  by whom ? 
  you could also watch the same on the internet here ( http://www.tv3.cat/3alacarta ) . 
  just wanted to add that you do n't need access to an ipad/android device to watch . 
  do you and your wife have plans to teach your daughter spanish as well ? 
  are you worried about her maybe one day wanting to move to catalonia and being hindered by all the things you need spanish for ? 
  i mean , even the news does n't translate or subtitle things in spanish most of the time . 
  most people take it for granted that catalan speakers understand spanish , but growing up without being exposed to it ... 
  i 'm just curious for an insider perspective on the complex language situation in your case . 
  english , my beloved native language . 
  chinese , because that opens up more previously inaccessible media than any other language besides english . 
  spanish , because i 'd like to move back to latin america . 
  now i speak english , spanish , and german , but german is only moderately useful . 
  if i did n't have german in-laws , i 'd probably have no interest . 
  i use it every day and have grown to like it , but i 'd still probably pick chinese . 
  just so much more to do and see . 
  if you 're in that general area , stop by noccalula falls , too . 
  as an added bonus , it 's got the only statue of someone in the act of committing suicide i think i 've ever seen . 
  real . 
  comfortable . 
  jeans . 
  why ca n't we say light red ? 
  i do , and it 's different from pink . 
  is that unusual for english speakers ? 
  anyone reading the article could tell it was written by a macedonian . 
  the only people who believe there is any linguistic/ethnic continuity between ancient macedonia and fyrom are macedonians , and that 's partly what makes it offensive . 
  i do n't understand your argument about the hsk being bs . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i would have banned you too . 
  you were n't asking anything about north korea in good faith . 
  you started with the premise that it 's a 1984 nightmare , among many other things . 
  the entire post is anti-dprk , and then you ask a few questions at the end . 
  that 's not generally the best way to start a constructive conversation . 
  http://www.pingshu8.com/ is a pretty good site for audiobooks . 
  police shooting in a country with a high crime rate . 
  what 's the political relevance ? 
  are we sure this has anything to do with the `` protests '' ? 
  i never said this looks like an everyday occurrence , but i doubt most people would deny that it happens sometimes . 
  my general skepticism comes from the fact that the video shows no indication that the pursued people are in any way involved in political protests . 
  given the large amount of propaganda focused towards venezuela , i think it 's wise for us to question all of our sources , no matter what they 're biased towards . 
  i never realized `` ya '' for stop was slang . 
  i assumed people said that everywhere . 
  you left out a bit of the dialogue , but none of it indicated that the pursued were political activists . 
  it 's a horrifying event , but police violence is a sad and unfortunate reality . 
  it does n't mean that it 's political repression , and we need to be on the lookout for appropriate context for any media coming out of the country . 
  especially in light of the 2002 media fiasco when certain venezuelan outlets were willfully misrepresenting the video and pictures they were showing . 
  one of the stations lost their permit to continue operating , iirc . 
  dictionary.com says it 's nitch / n\u026at\u0283 / . 
  i just saw your post and thought , `` no way i 've been saying that wrong . '', 
  figured i 'd share results of my fact-check so that others are not misguided . 
  the wed at the bottom says it can be nitch or neesh ( n\u026at\u0283 , ni\u02d0\u0283 ) . 
  it 's not a waste of time at all . 
  however , you wo n't learn handwriting that way . 
  the question is , do you need or want to know handwriting ? 
  you can really enjoy chinese being able to speak , listen , read , and type . 
  i personally almost never write anything down on paper in any language , so i have no plans of learning chinese handwriting in the near future . 
  i like calligraphy , so i 'll probably learn someday , though . 
  i 'm also not convinced that this makes the characters harder to remember . 
  has n't bothered me so far . 
  whole chinese newspaper ? 
  no way . 
  i can read articles about topics i 'm interested in and have read about before , like certain sports or entertainment news . 
  i do n't get every word , but i could write a summary or answer general questions . 
  some random article on a topic i 'm not familiar with ? 
  probably not . 
  i tend to read more blogs/non-traditional news sources because 1 ) i usually find them easier and 2 ) i can be more specific about my interests . 
  best of luck !, 
  uncleanliness and lack of hygiene are two traits frequently associated with the idea of savageness . 
  i always buy mine at a chino near my house . 
  not all of them carry it , but check around the `` alimentacion '' stores . 
  ( granada , btw ), 
  it 's not always sri racha brand , but it 's more or less indistinguishable . 
  in many online games , players speak together through teamspeak/skype/ventrilo / etc. , sometimes for hours at a time . 
  you are strongly encouraged to communicate because you need to accomplish specific goals in the game . 
  do n't know what level you 're at , but this is n't a bad site ( considering what 's available ) . 
  i ca n't think of anything similar to rosetta stone for hungarian , and if i could , i would n't recommend it . 
  if rosetta stone 's really your thing , you might be out of luck . 
  livemocha had one years ago , but i doubt they still do . 
  if you 're looking to start , i would recommend the free fsi course found [ here ] ( http://www.fsi-language-courses.org/content.php?page=hungarian ) , and pimsleur , which is not free , but you can get the one-finger discount if it does n't fit your budget . 
  you might could try some of the links in this [ thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hungarian/comments/1feh9t/my_list_of_free_online_hungarian_resources/ ) as well . 
  i 'm currently going through the harry potter books which i uploaded to [ learning with texts ] ( http://lwt.sourceforge.net/ ) with the audio book and enjoying it a lot , but it can be bothersome to set up if you 're not the best with computers . 
  best of luck !, 
  looks like obese panda is in luck !, 
  thanks for the updated info . 
  american english , alabama . 
  same here . 
  ( pound sign , sometimes number sign ), 
  on the other hand , when i was 6 , my father would n't let me go outside and play until i pronounced `` ca n't '' , `` egg '' , and `` chair '' correctly . 
  i usually said something like cai n't and eygg , and i split chair into two syllables . 
  at least you can blame it on being a kid . 
  i ca n't really add more than the wiki page estre linked , but its use outside of white collar work and academic environments is limited . 
  this is more a reflection on the needs of the european workforce and subsequent test design than on the system itself , though .
