  with the same study regimen , mandarin would take about four years ( 2200 hours ) . 
  those are the estimates from the foreign service institute , and in my experience are about as good as these kind of estimates can be . 
  i 'd say fluency is somewhere in the b2-c1 range . 
  when i can live and do everything in the language without being a large burden on people having to communicate with me , i feel comfortable calling myself fluent . 
  that means not speaking too terribly halting or slow , having good enough pronunciation ( varies by language ) , and being able to understand conversations that do n't get too technical or specific . 
  i could n't really participate in a recent conversation in german about the quality of bull semen . 
  i do n't feel less fluent because of that . 
  on the other hand , if you ca n't discuss your insurance policy or discuss options when buying internet , that 's kind of a pain in the ass . 
  if it never comes up in your life , you do n't need to be able to talk about it . 
  everyone has their own opinion on what fluency is , though . 
  besides some high school spanish that i did n't learn all that much from , i 've never taken classes , so i did n't really think about the distinction . 
  i still think the hour numbers are fairly close to the mark , though , possibly because with good study habits , you should learn faster than in a class , even a really good one like the ones at the fsi . 
  i wish the word were used the way pfgh describes , because it 's used that way among teachers and i ca n't think of a clearer word that means the same thing . 
  it 's a useful concept for talking about your ability in a foreign language . 
  that 's not the way the average person uses the word , and there 's not much i can do about that , though . 
  it 's similar to the way that the word linguist has a very different meaning among people who studied linguistics and the general population . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
   but you cry about it when you get some back . 
  that 's what always gets me . 
  if you really think taiwan should n't be independent and give them shit about it , that 's your prerogative . 
  it could be an interesting conversation , but i would n't know , because it 's always one-sided . 
  as soon as you express a different view , it 's like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lc-h2wxk4t4 ) . 
  i 'd love to see experienced language learners square off against an fsi course . 
  of course it 's difficult to judge things like `` how much have you learned ? '', 
  in a way that can be scored . 
  fsi produces very good results , but they 're not unrealistic for motivated self-learners . 
  in addition , it 's considered courteous to move over to let people onto the autobahn if possible . 
  if you 're on one of the slower access roads from which people exit and enter , it 's common to `` zipper '' , that is leave one car length between each car so the people in the other lane can do the same thing and move over without losing too much speed . 
  it looks a bit like a zipper because the cars alternate . 
  it 's the same thing when going two lanes to one for construction or something . 
  good explanation , by the way . 
  i 'm an american who had to learn to drive on the autobahn , and can attest it 's a big adjustment if you 're used to driving in the us . 
  it took me a good few months to get used to . 
  i think you 're thinking of japanese , not chinese . 
  most chinese characters have only one pronunciation . 
  a character does n't represent an idea , but a morpheme ( a word or part of a word ) . 
  japanese characters , on the other hand , usually have multiple pronunciations , depending on which word they 're used in . 
  greek - 5, 
  bulgarian - 3, 
  croatian - 3, 
  macedonian - 3, 
  bosnian - 3, 
  basque - 3, 
  czech - 4, 
  polish - 3, 
  irish - 4, 
  welsh - 4, 
  armenian - 3, 
  finnish - 3, 
  hungarian - 4, 
  estonian - 4, 
  italian - 3, 
  portuguese - 5, 
  spanish - 3, 
  romanian - 4, 
  french - 2, 
  catalan - 4, 
  russian - 3, 
  ukranian - 3, 
  latvian - 2, 
  lithuanian - 3, 
  albanian - 4, 
  norwegian - 3, 
  dutch - 4 ( 3 for flemish ), 
  german - 2, 
  english - 4 ( 5 for southern us english ), 
  swedish - 3, 
  danish - 1 , quick !, 
  somebody get her some water . 
  i 'm very biased , but that 's kind of the point of this exercise . 
  yes , but op 's mentioned learning german before . 
   you do n't have to be religious to follow religious tenants , that 's all . 
  people only follow their religious tenants if they 're late on their rent payments , and even then only if you happen to see them in the hall . 
  same thing for non-religious tenants , probably . 
  it does n't really answer your question , but the chinese language classification is not the same as the one we use in the west . 
  for example , tai-kadai is generally included as a branch of the [ sino-tibetan languages ] ( http://baike.baidu.com/link?url=xsgr0rfndpwirseb-saxjutqlbpm7qoknmbuzspnirsha683ajgpukhnkxplb_ucbaz0guieu1jvqdsxyp62za#6_3 ) , or sometimes with austronesian . 
  fun tidbit , while i was looking around baidu baike ( chinese wikipedia ) , it also listed sumerian as a sino-tibetan language . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's common or just nationalist shit-posting , but it makes me chuckle either way . 
  not a natlang , but esperanto often uses `` na '' to mark the accusative of names or foreign words that are n't easily esperantified . 
  on the front i put an audio clip of a sentence or phrase in the tl . 
  on the back i put the sentence written in the tl and the english , maybe notes on grammar i might not remember later . 
  i agree completely with fillanzea about english -  tl flash cards . 
   ` he ' is n't incorrect or rude at all . 
  how do you define rude ? 
  `` it offends a bunch of people '' has to be a good start , at least . 
  it 's not super active , but take a look at / r/comunismo . 
  both wheelock 's and lingua latina are both good books . 
  wheelocks is a bit more traditional , with the grammar explanation -  vocab list -  translation practice format . 
  if that sounds good to you , use wheelock 's , otherwise , i 'd recommend lingua latina . 
  my university program switched from wheelock 's to lingua latina the year after i started latin , and nobody was particularly negative about either one . 
  my name gets butchered everywhere , including my own country . 
  it was the worst in spain , where it came out sounding like `` venom '' to most people ( the superhero name , not the spanish word ) . 
  for some reason my name looks french to germans ( it 's not at all ) , so many of them butcher it to hell and back . 
  the chinese approximation is so different it might as well be a different name . 
  i never correct people 's pronunciation unless they think it 's a different ( more common ) name . 
  i 'm not going to try to pronounce your name with foreign sounds in english , why would i expect you to pronounce my name englishly in your language ? 
  i pronounce my own name differently depending on which language i 'm speaking . 
  sometimes i spell my names differently in germany to discourage the weird frenchification thing they do , but no correction . 
  this makes the way trevor noah treated this on the daily show piss me off even more . 
  i expect liberal bullshit from that show , but they really have to stretch and take stuff out of context to make cuba look bad .
