  hao3 di is often written \u597d\u6ef4 , as well , but i would say \u597d\u7684 is pronounced as hao3de5 or hao3deh ( e as in let ) almost all the time by guys , and most of the time by girls as well . 
  haodi makes it sound a bit cutesy or playful . 
  i would also say that \u597d\u7684 can simply be agreement , not just `` ready . '', 
  / r/languagelearning would be a better place for this . 
  you can ask in the weekly questions thread , but people will probably just direct you to the wiki on the sidebar , where there 's a section on what language should i learn ? 
  questions . 
  i also find it pretty rude , as well as spitting in restaurants , cutting in line ( on the rare occasions when there is a line ) , shitting in a bag on the bus , asking how much money someone makes , and a million other things . 
  there are things i find rude about every culture that 's not my own , especially china . 
  cultural sensitivity aside , i have never successfully gotten a waiter 's attention by finding eye contact . 
  sometimes a wave will do the trick , but they 're not looking for people signalling them . 
  they 're waiting to hear \u670d\u52a1\u5458 , so if you need something , that 's what you should do . 
  i ca n't imagine a chinese waiter thinking , `` oh , how rude !, 
  i ca n't believe she yelled \u670d\u52a1\u5458 at me . '', 
  it 's just not an issue . 
  the testdaf also gets you admission into german universities , you do n't need a full on zop . 
  still though , b2 in a year outside the country is very unlikely , and i agree with your sentiment that op should be more realistic . 
  as someone whose native dialect uses a - prefixing , i 'm pretty sure it 's just a rhythmic device in this song . 
  in speech , that a - prefix only shows up before - ing verbs . 
  it does n't seem to match up with any of the other definitions in norrius 's link , either . 
  i have n't noticed people avoiding it in conversation , but people will joke about it sometimes if it would have made sense as an expletive , too . 
  is this relevant to what emaltman said ? 
  this is about people who do n't understand the language listening to something they hear as jibberish or not paying attention and expecting to learn . 
  yes , benny is right , that 's not super helpful . 
  watch tv , listen and understand the plot , look up words or phrases you do n't know . 
  that 's not passive . 
  read reddit , comment on things that interest you , pay attention to how people say things . 
  that 's not passive . 
  make friends with people . 
  not only do you have to speak or type to communicate , but you have to actively listen to them to keep up with the conversation . 
  that 's not passive . 
  play video games , preferably games where you have to pay attention to the text and dialogue to progress , or , even better , a game where you have to communicate with others . 
  that 's not passive . 
  none of what emaltman described is what benny is talking about in that article . 
  he 's criticizing one small part of the ajatt method , but even the ajatt mass immersion style is not only about passive listening . 
  no one seriously thinks that turning on the radio in the background is going to help by itself . 
  the article is also targeted towards beginners who ca n't understand what they 're hearing , which i 'm guessing you 're not . 
  edit : i think you 're joking . 
  that went right over my head . 
  as much as we get questions like this here , i can never be sure . 
  wow , some parts of germany must be really different from the ruhrgebiet . 
  in my experience , the only group of the population where more than 20 % or so speaks enough english to have a conversation is young recent gymnasium graduates . 
  in my tier 88 town , there are very few white , native english speakers . 
  it 's mostly non-white people or people who do n't have english-speaking counties ' passports . 
  and they 're seemingly always jumping through hoops with visas and whatnot . 
  so no , they have trouble finding native english speakers willing to work for peanuts , or at least the native english speakers they want . 
  nah , most of the hate was coming from people who were upset about chow doing a mandarin movie . 
  it 's got 7.1 on douban , so it got the same decent but not great reviews there like it did outside of china ( compare to the 6.8 on imdb ) . 
  wow . 
  i always knew it helped me , but 45 % into remission and 90 % symptoms reduced by half ? 
  those are some big numbers . 
  i wish i lived somewhere where i did n't have to self-medicate illegally . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23648372 ) 's a link to a summary of the study , if anyone is interested . 
   what was your overall experience ? 
  would you work there again ? 
  would you recommend it to someone else ? 
  great . 
  i 'm still here , hope to stay here for a couple more years . 
  i would n't recommend it for people who do n't have experience moving around . 
  your culture shock will be extreme . 
  if you 're used to moving around , it 'll be fine . 
  china is a special place , though . 
   what did you like ? 
  what did you not like ? 
  it 's fun navigating a culture so completely different than my own . 
  chinese is a fun language to learn and speak . 
  the pace of life is good , and most people are helpful and friendly . 
  i have made some great friends , chinese and foreign . 
  there are always people out on the streets , and there 's a certain energy and liveliness that is hard to put my finger on . 
  i hate the fact that people yell laowai at my face at least 15 times a day . 
  i hate people secretly taking pictures of me . 
  it 's okay when they ask , but that can get annoying too . 
  i hate how dirty everything is , in part because people piss and spit everywhere . 
   where did you work ? 
  city or region , what kind of school ? 
  the middle of nowhere , anhui , at a high school 's international department that just opened . 
   what were your students like ? 
  age , attitude ? 
  15-17 , rich kids . 
  they 're nice , but very lazy and spoiled , and many of them had almost zero english when they came to the school . 
  it 's a bit of a challenge sometimes , and despite my best efforts some of them have no shot at passing the toefl . 
  cheating is a constant problem . 
  despite all that , i find the job rewarding . 
  it 's certainly much more of a test of my ability than teaching motivated europeans and latin americans . 
   what were your co-workers and bosses like ? 
  co-workers are nice , but teach english the chinese way . 
  that 's no problem for me in their classes , but when my manager was telling me what to do , it caused some tension . 
  when i renegotiated my contract , i made sure i had complete control over my class . 
  problem solved . 
  also , getting questions answered is not a thing . 
  i do n't bother anymore . 
  and sometimes no one communicates important information to the people who need to know , whether me or my co-workers . 
   what is the teaching culture like ? 
  memorize words . 
  read words out loud and have students write them . 
  the students all tell each other the answers . 
  if the students actually learned the words , they are forgotten within one day , but no one cares . 
  have students read things out loud . 
  teach toefl classes to people who can not have a1 conversations . 
  yell at them when they can not understand or do poorly . 
  basically , the students will never learn english unless 1 ) they really want to or 2 ) from you .
