   how did you get hired ? 
  was that typical of this country ? 
  i saw a job opening through an agency , applied and went . 
  after the first contract , i negotiated directly with a school . 
  i think that 's pretty normal . 
   what was your pay ? 
  how did it compare to living expenses ? 
  7000 a month for about 8-10 hours . 
  a meal is about 10 kuai . 
  movie ticket is about 35 , a beer is about 4 . 
  that 's pretty much all my expenses . 
  i generally have 3500 left at the end of the month even though i 'm not really trying to save . 
   anything else a prospective tefl would need to know about this country ? 
  life pro tips for this country ? 
  i do n't have the time to type an adequate response to this . 
  talk to foreigners working at the school before you go . 
  beware that if people can scam you , they will . 
  do n't work on anything besides a z visa . 
  make sure you will be paid through a bank account . 
  if not , it is probably off the books and illegal . 
  plus , you need a bank account to buy stuff on taobao , or at least it makes it a lot easier . 
  many small cities have very few foreigners . 
  mine , for example , has about 13 , fewer in the summer ( not counting koreans and japanese ) . 
  if you want interaction with foreigners , go to a big city . 
  you will always be the center of attention in small cities . 
  if people staring at you bothers you , this is not the place . 
  it used to be english first , then they changed their name to education first because they branched out from just english . 
  i had a friend in spain who was actually a tour guide for them ; they do all kinds of stuff now . 
  no one is trying to confuse the parents . 
  it 's referencing this :, 
   memorize words . 
  read words out loud and have students write them . 
  the students all tell each other the answers . 
  if the students actually learned the words , they are forgotten within one day , but no one cares . 
  have students read things out loud . 
  just generally inefficient teaching methods . 
  yep , it was german for me . 
  i 've been learning spanish for ten years , but still sound distinctly foreign . 
  german felt almost effortless . 
  i never took classes or used a textbook , and people usually assume i 'm a heritage speaker when they learn i 'm from the united states . 
  i do n't think ancestry has anything to do with it , and even if it did , it would n't matter because i have no german ancestry . 
  i do n't think it 's all about interest too , because i have no broad interest in germany or german culture/language , just one specific german . 
  i 've had immersive experiences in both languages , so i do n't think that 's the difference . 
  something about german , especially the pronunciation , just clicked with me . 
   not sure why you would expect everyone to know what that abbreviation is though, 
  because it 's the most common abbreviation of one of the most popular chinese textbooks . 
  thousands of flashcards . 
  i learned about 2500 before i started learning handwriting . 
  i 'm sure it 's helpful for some people , but it 's definitely not necessary . 
  that was a huge problem for me in spain , except that most people could n't hold a conversation for more than a few sentences , if that . 
  it happened to me far more in spain than anywhere else . 
  i 've heard the same thing from other friends who have lived in latin america and spain . 
  my thoughts are it 's rude , it makes communication difficult , and it 's rude . 
  maybe you think your english is better than my spanish , which is pretty insulting if your english is terrible . 
  maybe you just want to practice , in which case you 're using me . 
  either way , it 's pretty frustrating . 
  if someone starts talking to me in english , i 'll continue the conversation in english because i do n't want to insult them , even if i 'd rather be speaking german/spanish/whatever . 
  when i went to germany the first time , my german was awful , a2 at best , but people who were too polite to switch to english with me unless i asked them to because i could n't do it , which i really appreciated . 
  i try to model my own behavior towards english learners after that . 
  so when i start talking to spaniards in pretty good spanish and they switched to shitty english with me , i got pretty frustrated . 
  i started just walking off when someone would switch into shitty english . 
  not worth my time to deal with . 
  and because i physically do n't look too different from spaniards , i did n't get approached in english a lot , but when i did , i did n't switch languages until the conversation could n't continue otherwise , and then i would offer instead of just switching and assuming they will appreciate me speaking spanish . 
  yep , years in germany and i 've had two people switch . 
  i do n't know where the internet gets these ideas , but germans have been the best country i 've been to about speaking their language with me . 
  the first paragraph is my biggest problem as well . 
  i live in an area where people speak central plains mandarin , and it 's frustrating to be at dinner , everyone starts off speaking standard mandarin , drifts into dialect , and then they 'll have to remind each other to speak putonghua so i can understand . 
  i 'm getting better and can handle simple conversations , but it would be so much easier if there were some way to practice or study on my own . 
  the chengyu bit is very annoying as a learner , but i think it 's just a matter of time , reading literature , studying more , etc. 
  and a lot of times it 's not even chengyu , just snippets of poems or something , and it 's just like my brain shuts off . 
  yeah , it 's easy to find people to chat with in chinese . 
  anytime during chinese daytime , you can find someone pretty much instantly . 
  the downside is if you go through partners quickly , the conversations can get a little boring and repetitive . 
  i do n't use it anymore since i moved to china , but i 'd recommend it if there are n't a lot of speakers where you live . 
  i 've heard it 's harder to find partners for some languages , but i have no experience with that . 
  it actually takes kids a long time to learn a language . 
  a dedicated adult can do it faster , but it 's more likely they 'll always have an accent . 
  there was a big discussion about this years ago on unilang , and most people who spoke multiple languages said they did n't think using language unless they were thinking about a conversation or something . 
  i 'm the same way , but i think i was when i was monolingual too . 
  it 's more feelings , thoughts , and images . 
  the words do n't come until i start speaking or writing . 
  i 'm not sure how beneficial it is , but it seems like it would help you avoid speaking esperanglish . 
  nah , i find beijing chinese easier to understand . 
  there are too many consonants that sound alike in taiwan . 
  it 's also very common to see the third person pronoun written as ta instead of \u4ed6 or \u5979 to make sure it 's gender neutral . 
  i had a couple of spanish teachers who did this . 
  i think it 's great , because you spend most of the class actually practicing . 
  the whole learning like babies thing is nonsense , but i guess that does n't matter for you as a student . 
  i personally find classes about 85 % in the tl to be more or less the right amount , because sometimes it 's much easier to explain something or make comparisons with the l1 . 
  your teacher seems to have the same idea , putting aside some time in class for using the l1 as well . 
  yeah , i would prefer a wechat group to whatsapp as well . 
  another crohnie here with another very similar experience . 
  10 years later and all is going pretty well . 
  i still am really desensitized to pain , though . 
  if you 're not a subscriber already , you should come join us over on / r/crohnsdisease, 
  it 's not just cantonese . 
  even as far north as hefei you 'll see the same n -  l thing going on , even in native mandarin-speaking areas . 
  and it can be very inconsistent , which could explain why it 's n in the first word and l in the second . 
  yes , n -  l is prevalent in many parts of southern china , including most cantonese speakers . 
  i doubt the other dialects which do the n -  l thing are borrowing from cantonese , though , as cantonese has pretty much no presence in places like hefei .
