  that 's what made you successful . 
  and your op was n't exactly understanding or sympathetic about how expensive your method was . 
  i got `` rich kid out of touch with reality '' vibes , so i 'm giving you shit about it . 
   compared to my peers , i 'm not too privileged, 
  very few people are privileged compared to their peers . 
  even within america , people tend to group in clumps of similar socioeconomic status . 
  you 're privileged compared to most americans , too . 
  you have parents who helped you pay for this * and * a paying internship . 
   it 's big investment for big returns . 
  yeah , it 's a great choice for op . 
  too bad most people ca n't do the same thing because they do n't have the money or time to invest into it . 
  that 's not the point . 
  you did great . 
  you used the resources available to you and accomplished something . 
  that 's more than a lot of people can say . 
  the thing is , you had a lot more resources available to you than most people . 
  the path you took is not available to most people . 
  i just wanted to make sure it was clear that you can do it without spending all that money , too . 
  also , i tried to read this charitably and assume it was n't about bragging , but lay off the gpa / worked hard for this rhetoric . 
  i 'm sure you did , but the number one indicator of gpa is how much money your parents make . 
  see your accomplishments in context . 
  plus , gpa does n't matter for shit in learning a language . 
  i know guatemalans who are completely illiterate but learned english . 
  this has become all about what you 've done and not about what others can learn from it . 
   you 're insinuating that i am just privileged , and an internship was just handed to me . 
  `` you did great . 
  you used the resources available to you and accomplished something . 
  that 's more than a lot of people can say . '', 
  what are you defending yourself against ? 
  your accomplishments are a result of hard work and circumstances . 
  i 'm proud of a lot of things i 've done , but i also know i was lucky to have the opportunity to put in the effort and achieve something . 
  do n't be so insecure . 
   my parents money has no contribution to my gpa . 
  i have 3 siblings . 
  some of them are n't doing so well in school . 
  money is n't a factor . 
  your siblings do n't make broader social trends irrelevant to your life . 
   this is n't about me , and i 'm not trying to make it about me . 
  but when you keep acting like this was just given to me because i 'm lucky to have parents and i am okay financially , well fuck that . 
  i worked my ass off for this , and i sacrificed a lot of things for this . 
  never said or implied that . 
  the opposite , actually . 
  i just wanted to make it clear that your special circumstances did n't dictate your success . 
  it was the amount of time and work you put in . 
  that 's what people can take away from your experience . 
  i wanted to reassure people that your success was * not * about your money , and could be replicated without it . 
   by trying to say that everything i did was only due to my families wealth , you are devaluing hard work and dedication , and therefore discouraging people in worse financial situations . 
  the very thing you claimed to be trying to remedy . 
  seriously though i 've read over my comments three times and i have n't said that you did n't work hard for this . 
  i 'm proud of the work i put in to learn german and spanish . 
  i also know that having a visa made the way i did it possible . 
  people without that particular advantage can still benefit from some methods i used , and there are alternatives to living in country . 
  i 'm saying the same thing about you . 
  you had certain advantages , but it 's your hard work and persistence that were the key . 
  libertarian socialists value freedom not only from government oppression , but also from economic oppression . 
  the word has been associated with leftist movements since 1858 . 
  the conflation of classical liberalism with the term libertarian is a quirk of american political discourse . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   the association of socialism with libertarianism predates that of capitalism , and many anti-authoritarians still decry what they see as a mistaken association of capitalism with libertarianism in the united states . 
  [ 45 ] as noam chomsky put it , a consistent libertarian `` must oppose private ownership of the means of production and wage slavery , which is a component of this system , as incompatible with the principle that labor must be freely undertaken and under the control of the producer . 
  my experience is with chinese , not korean , but it 's advantageous to stick to structured learning methods ( textbooks , for example ) much , much longer than you would something like german . 
  with german , you can get the basics then kind of wade in and figure it out because of the similarities with english . 
  i learned german with no directed study at all , just kind of got stuck in germany and figured it out . 
  i would have never managed to do that with a language like chinese or korean . 
  learning a difficult language is , shockingly , a lot more work than german/spanish/french / etc. , largely because you can actually * do * things with european languages so quickly by comparison . 
  gloss let 's you choose your level and then read or listen or watch things , but it 's not user made . 
  no , lojban grammar is a cakewalk compared to ithkuil . 
  i 'd even go far as to say lojban grammar is more straightforward for an english speaker than a lot of or even most natural languages . 
  the grammar is unambiguous , but not necessarily complex . 
  people do n't speak lojban mostly because there 's no speech community to practice with . 
  it has n't hit that point esperanto did where it 's sustainable yet . 
  what about the language itself makes it hard to speak ? 
  i 'm with appliers here , i think you 're thinking of ithkuil , which is more or less as complex as the designer could make it and has no speakers . 
  it can cause problems registering to vote , and some universities wo n't let you go unless you 've signed up . 
  plus everything everyone else has said . 
  op based their learning around shelling out 900 dollars a month for lessons . 
  most of the other stuff they mention is just practice , and they definitely do n't have the knowledge or experience to make the claims they do . 
  their commitment and discipline is admirable , the specific advice is worthy of a mediocre travel blog . 
  i agree with most of your criticism , but i think the audio book / tv series thing mostly boils down to what you enjoy more . 
  you ca n't use them the same way , but they both work out the same skills . 
  the big difference is that with audio books as a beginner or intermediate student , you might want to increase comprehensibility by knowing the story well , using bilingual texts , or another similar strategy . 
  tv series provide a lot of context through non linguistic cues . 
  tv does have advantages , as you mentioned , but audio books do as well , just a different set . 
  westerners often underestimate the effectiveness of rote learning . 
  by itself it 's not enough , but it 's incredibly useful if you have the discipline to do it . 
  i 'm currently translating some auto repair videos for a friend who has an american muscle car pro bono , just because it gives me an excuse to need to figure out how to say new stuff in german . 
  the better i get , the more i have to go out of my way to get opportunities to expand my technical vocabulary . 
  also , like the other commenter said , many people overestimate how comfortable they are talking about technical topics in their native language . 
  it 's easy to blame difficulties on your language skills instead of just admitting you do n't know what people are talking about in any language . 
  learning to talk about things outside your specialty like natives do is an important skill to develop at the c level . 
  started working on it last night . 
  should take about a week . 
  edit : [ finished it a bit early . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5ian7q/language_learning_a_howto/ ), 
  chinese : you will never be accepted or treated normally in china unless you can physically pass for chinese . 
  you could learn three european languages to a high level before your chinese became useful . 
  even after you 've reached a high level , it 's still only useful on the phone and internet because speaking it as a non-asian person will completely distract everyone from the topic at hand . 
  the grammar stops being `` easy '' after the a1/a2 level . 
  german : common side effects include living in germany or having to speak to germans regularly . 
  german literature is depressing .
