  thenom ( here used as a pronoun ) has thedat man theacc letter given . 
   he gave the letter to the man . 
  and in that moment , you are euphoric . 
  exactly . 
  i get annoyed when someone who does n't understand the us criticizes it . 
  the average european who has maybe vacationed in the us does n't understand the american mindset enough to even begin to understand why we have the problems we do . 
  i get annoyed when they decide to talk bad about it . 
  they 're not in a position to do that . 
  on the other hand , i know europeans and latin americans who have lived america and have some fantastic insight . 
  even if it 's worded harshly , i prefer informed criticism to arrogant idiots every single time . 
  i try to , when i can . 
  it 's just gotten real old since trump took office . 
  your values are your values , just do n't assume that they 're ours . 
  americans have a different outlook towards the government than europeans . 
  the implicit social contract is not the same . 
  large swaths of the us see the government , especially federal government , as a necessary evil . 
  rights are absolute and intrinsic/divinely given , not something for the government to provide . 
  you can disagree all you want , but for me the crossing point is when people who do n't buy into the european conception of rights and governance are insulted on a personal level . 
  it 's the `` all republicans are racist '' logic played out on an international scale . 
  that 's what pisses me off . 
  absolutely not . 
  government health services subsidize the pharmaceutical industry while they scalp the american public . 
  they should be nationalized . 
  we could cut med costs and still make a profit . 
  i love the insurance system in germany . 
  i 'm self-employed , so i pay twice as much out of my salary as most people , but i love the simplicity of paying x euros a month and then never having to worry about it . 
  in the us , you pay way too much for insurance , and then you pay again when you go to the doctor or buy medicine . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  in germany i just flash my insurance card . 
  it makes getting preventative care much easier , and i do n't wait til the brink of death to go the hospital . 
  it 's hard to put into words how much nicer it is . 
  i ca n't figure out how your title got like it is so i can help you not do the same next time , but it should be `` was bedeutet dieser satz ? '', 
  put these symbols \u81ea\u5f8b on [ this site ] ( http://www.akuziti.com/mb/ ) . 
  try out different numbers from the left selector box . 
  there are 47 options . 
  pick one you like . 
  lang-8 , but last i checked they were n't accepting new members . 
  [ f\u00e6r ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/f%c3%a6r#old_english ), 
  barbecue : walk hard in collinsville, 
  country food : beans and greens in ball play, 
  we do n't have any particularly good mexican restaurants , but don chico 's in collinsville is good enough be to be far better than anything you 'll find outside of the americas . 
  edit : i did local places because there 's no way i could come up with what you should eat in america . 
  texas republicans tend to be pretty immigrant-friendly . 
  that hurts them on the national level , but they 're still very much republicans . 
  no reason the same could n't happen there ( or is n't happening , not that familiar with california politics ), 
  i like my hobbies stale and artificial . 
  not really hobbies , but by far the biggest crossover with my love of foreign languages is my love of reading and watching movies . 
   keep all folder names in the target language, 
  so you can slightly reinforce a handful of words that you know anyway because you 're the one who named the folders ? 
  does n't seem that helpful to me . 
  same thing for the bookmarks folder or switching your phone language . 
   no subtitles allowed, 
  i 'm going to have to strongly disagree here . 
  watching movies with subtitles has its uses . 
  you should always be focusing on what they 're saying first , but tl subtitles are a good compromise when the movie would be too difficult to learn much from if you were just listening , and l1 subs get very useful at an intermediate level because they help fill in vocab you would n't have gotten from context . 
  you should also watch some movies without subs even if for no other reason than to keep an accurate self-image of what level your listening comprehension really is . 
  more generally , i think immersion is useful not in and of itself but because of what it provides , which is tons of practice . 
  learners can just practice a lot using a variety of sources and get the same benefits without going through all the trouble to set the computer up like you 're talking about or being tee-totalers about their native language . 
  there are a lot of good ideas for where to practice in the bottom left panel . 
   my understanding of the language is slowly increasing but i still struggle with producing it spontaneously . 
  i may know the different words separately but putting them together with correct grammar is difficult to do all in my head . 
  this is a very normal phase of the learning process . 
  it sounds like you might be ready to start focusing on production more , so try to add some writing ( especially because you 're struggling with longer sentences ) , self-talk , or even better conversation practice into your routine . 
  even if you just keep doing what you 're doing , it will get better with time , but you can speed up the process if you spend more time practicing active skills . 
   my german friend also says i speak it like a dutch person . 
  this made my coffee go down the wrong way . 
  it is in some ways a great compliment , and yet still a sign you 've got a long way to go . 
  very german : supportive , but not misleading . 
  how 's your grammar when you 're speaking ? 
  sometimes i feel like dutch people are picking articles out of a hat when they speak german . 
  practicing writing is a great way to give yourself time to think about the grammar and develop good habits regarding case usage . 
  i somehow misacquired the plural adjective declensions and it took years to stop doing it in speech after i realized it . 
  i still hear it slip out wrong sometimes . 
  i know this is not the helpful answer you were looking for , but you kind of have to find what works for you . 
  i like fountain pens and enjoy sitting down with a pen and paper thirty minutes a day , language study or no . 
  some people like doing writing prompts or fake emails and getting them corrected on lang-8 . 
  some people get actively involved in online forums . 
  readmore is a fun place if you like video games and / r/de tends to be pretty nice to german learners as long as you can take a joke . 
  you could also get a lot of the same benefits from slow , pensive self-talk or planning out future conversations in your head . 
  the point is to take time and try to produce complicated ideas you 'd talk around while speaking and focus on accuracy . 
  look things up . 
  check linguee if you 're having trouble . 
  i do n't think it should form a huge chunk of your study time , but just taking a little time to do that every day can help get you over your current limitations . 
  nothing wrong with having a spotty knowledge of something you 're not that interested in , but bengali seems like one of those spots that should probably be filled . 
  it 's one of the most spoken languages in the world . 
  i threw together an [ anki deck ] ( https://mega.nz/#!vhhaibab!_7kxkq3kv4myo_t8l0s19tmwp4djp2rdis37p6daqle ) for my trip to lithuania recently . 
  it 's got audio flashcards for an audio phrasebook i found on youtube and cards on declension and conjugation . 
  i got too lazy before i finished the adjectives , but that 's most of them . 
  i think it 'd be a good place to start . 
  after that you probably want to get a book , but i 'm not sure what 's out there . 
  i 'm slowly going through glossika right now just for fun , but if this is your first foreign language you 'd probably benefit from a more structured textbook . 
  if you 're not familiar with anki , it 's a free flashcard program that does pretty much everything . 
  even if you do n't find my deck useful , it 's a great place to make and study flashcards . 
  with a language degree , you generally have three options : teach , translate , or do something unrelated to your degree . 
  arabic might be uncommon enough in the us to get you some jobs that require arabic that you would n't otherwise be qualified for . 
  you could still do better by learning arabic on your own and getting a different degree if you have aspirations of being a good job candidate for things that are n't teaching or translating . 
  difficulty of 24-hour time : 1, 
  annoyance when i ca n't change something to 12-hour time : 5, 
  you can just pick up your rod/gun and go on your property , but if you want to go somewhere else to hunt or fish you need a license . 
  it gets more complicated , though .
