  `` it sounds wrong '' is n't helpful , but if you can tell her that the way she pronounces \u05d7 or \u05e8 really grates on you , for example , that 's something actionable she can work on . 
  also , get her to post on one of the judge my accent threads here or on / r/hebrew or somewhere . 
  sometimes getting multiple opinions can be more helpful than just one qualified opinion from a teacher . 
  i summarized your post and asked my wife , and she said one of the most helpful things she did was set up times where we spoke in german . 
  one of the most frustrating things for her was when she just wanted to communicate and i made it complicated by wanting to speak german . 
  when she was mentally prepared for it it was less frustrating . 
   the idea of setting aside some time to speak in hebrew like an hour a week is a good one in theory . 
  but we 've tried it and it 's problematic . 
  the thing is , it always ends up being painfully awkward as the conversation is forced . 
  it forces us to have a conversation we would n't have had otherwise , amplifying the feeling of talking to a stranger . 
  i think the problem is that you 're treating it kind of like a language exchange . 
  sitting down and forcing conversation with your girlfriend would be weird ( to me , at least ) in any language . 
  instead , set a time where you assure her she * can * speak hebrew with you and you wo n't get outwardly frustrated , and let it happen with stuff you 'd talk about anyways . 
  you still get to be prepared for it ( and limit it ) , she still gets to practice , but it 's not like sitting down with a stranger . 
  you can set aside a time and still let it be integrated with your everyday life . 
  another option instead of hebrew times would be to choose certain topics that it 's okay for her to talk to you about in hebrew . 
  that 's how * i * remember starting to speak german with my wife , though it 's true that we did have times set aside to speak it . 
  it 's been the better part of a decade since then , but i distinctly remember lots of conversations about groceries and other errands in german towards the beginning . 
  those are good choices because they 're not particularly emotional or difficult , we would n't have enjoyed talking about them in english anyways , and , for your case , you do n't really have the option of pretending like you understand . 
  you either get the job done or you do n't . 
  my wife is stubbornly opposed to getting a reddit account , but if you have anything specific you want to know i might can get her to answer on my account or at the very least relay what she has to say . 
  we went from only speaking in german when hanging out with other germans to speaking german 30-40 % of the time over the course of about two or three years . 
  we started small , just daily life conversations , mostly super boring stuff . 
  the first real deep conversation i had with her in german was after about a year , maybe a little less . 
  as someone that still lives in germany , i still get approached by neighbors about how i 'm not sorting my trash correctly . 
  this year the struggle was figuring out the difference between my steuernummer and my steueridentifikationsnummer . 
  i had used the wrong one somewhere and it was causing problems i had to wade through the bureaucracy to fix . 
  i consider my german pretty good and that was still a pain in the ass . 
  / u/hu _ si_luan_xiang obviously sounds a bit frustrated , but nothing they 're saying is particularly wrong . 
  marriage register . 
  it 's where they recorded the marriages . 
  i started studying it in january . 
  i 've read 15 books so far ( well , eight distinct books ) , and i 'm thoroughly enjoying it . 
  it 's more difficult than spanish/german , easier than chinese . 
  i 'd say it 's comparable to ancient greek in difficulty , probably a bit easier . 
  i enjoy learning it because it has a big presence on the internet . 
  it 's far more useful than german or spanish when i 'm in front of the computer screen , so that 's nice . 
  the only book from russia i 've read is metro 2033 . 
  it was good , and it uses pretty straightforward language for the most part . 
  i 've mostly been reading harry potter . 
  i 've also got the books and audiobooks for the twilight series , the witcher series , lord of the rings , a warhammer 40k book , and crime and punishment . 
  i look at crime and punishment every time i finish a book because that 's what i really want to read , but i 'm not ready for it yet . 
  he has his problems , but overall i think he 's a capable leader who 's kept russia stable and mostly improving . 
  i worry a lot more for russia after he dies than right now . 
  he 's also one of the most resilient leaders in the western world in terms of withstanding pressure or subversion by the banks , either within russia or internationally , and i appreciate that he takes it seriously . 
  it 's okay to use kontrollieren in this context . 
  [ there are some examples in here ] ( http://www.linguee.de/deutsch-englisch/search?source=auto&amp;query=text+kontrollieren ) . 
  improved version of lwt/fltr that supports bilingual texts , lemmatization , and does n't require java or php to run . 
  it looks to me like your friend did n't pay a fine for not having a ticket on the train or something . 
  basically they 're telling you you have to pay by july 4th , or they 'll raise the price again . 
  the way this works is that the train companies sell their tickets to law firms who try to get more money from it by charging exorbitant fees every time you do n't pay . 
  i 've gotten a letter from i 'm pretty sure the same law firm for a situation where i really had forgotten my ticket one day , so i doubt it 's a scam ( any more than this whole setup is a scam , but it 's fairly common in germany and not just for train tickets ) . 
  it was at the very least pretty much the same letter . 
  i live in germany and just ignored it . 
  so far so good . 
  it 's been about a year now . 
  these are the same kind of law firms that send out fines for copyright infringement . 
  as long as you do n't collect too many they can generally be ignored . 
  no way in hell i 'd pay it . 
  healthcare ( medicare , medicaid , etc. ) . 
  we could nationalize pharmaceutical companies and significantly offset national healthcare costs instead of throwing 600 + billion dollars at private companies every year . 
  foreign aid has negative long-term effects on developing countries and , more importantly , is not our business . 
  short-term aid to countries who have recently suffered some kind of disaster is fine , but that 's about it . 
  interest . 
  6 % of our spending goes to pay interest , about 60 % -70 % of that is `` real '' debt , i.e. 
  not intra-governmental . 
  we do n't need to be feeding the finance sector , foreign countries , or anyone who lends us money . 
  if we need to borrow money , we can either 1 . not or 2 . just make it up like the rest of the money . 
  welfare . 
  on the topic of wasting money , welfare does not do a good job keeping those without jobs integrated into working society . 
  labor treasury certificates and infrastructure projects would go a long way toward reducing welfare dependency and would assert our government 's independence from loans and usury . 
  i could n't pick just three . 
  it would take a lot of political will and would be part of a very large shake-up of our economic system . 
  [ learning with texts ] ( http://lwt.sourceforge.net/ ), 
  [ foreign language text reader ] ( https://sourceforge.net/projects/fltr/ ), 
   if the return on debt from higher tax revenues is higher than interest , the debt is smart . 
  you 're still on the banks terms . 
  we could have the same revenues without interest if we did n't borrow money to begin with and made the projects happen anyways , for example with labor treasury certificates . 
  i 'm not arguing against a social safety net . 
  i 'm saying we would n't need it as much if we put people to work . 
  we will eventually need to support larger numbers of people with less work to go around than now , and that 's not going to work through taxation . 
  nationalization is the future of government income in an increasingly post-work society , not taxation . 
  nationalizing business is n't any crazier than privatization . 
  it 's just the other side of the coin . 
  [ companies and resources get nationalized a lot more often than people think ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nationalizations_by_country ) , and healthcare is definitely a sector that is a vital national interest . 
  i 'm talking about new constitution levels of government shake-up . 
  of course it will never work in our current framework because our constitution is written specifically to protect the owning class . 
  that was a great idea that did wonders for our country two hundred years ago . 
  it 's time to reorganize in a way that benefits the people . 
  i actually agree that it 's better to work with the companies if possible , though . 
  one of the problems is that companies are required by law to try to maximize profits right now , so it 'll never happen . 
  class collaboration is always better than class warfare , but right now the private sector is collaborating with themselves and telling the people to deal with it . 
  in nationalizing-happy regimes of the past , plenty of companies struck win-win deals with the government and stayed in private hands . 
  the companies that are n't willing to put the good of the people first need to be nationalized . 
  pharmaceutical companies are a prime example of an industry that is shamelessly gutting the american people . 
  rutracker.org . 
  search for `` the office '' . 
  first hit . 
  it even says dubs , which surprises me , because i almost never find tv shows that anything besides the two-voice voiceover . 
  edit : the second season has dubs , too .
