  i 'd estimate about 45 minutes per day . 
  i live in germany so i 'm not sure if i 'd count any of it as `` language study '' . 
  i do about 15-20 minutes per day of chinese flashcards and watch movies and tv shows when the mood hits me and i find one i like , but i do n't consider myself actively studying any more . 
  try michel thomas . 
  it starts from the basics and does n't require you to look at your phone at all after you start it . 
  i think it 's [ these ] ( http://rutracker.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3247587 ) . 
  if not , i can upload mine somewhere . 
  i like them . 
  they seem to work pretty well , and i like coalitions and how much healthier smaller parties tend to be in parliamentary systems . 
  sometimes they do weird things that seem counterintuitive to me , though . 
  like merkel 's last election , where she ( center-right ) won a plurality , but the majority of people voted for left-wing parties . 
  it seems like they should have formed a coalition ( spd , gr\u00fcne , linke ) instead of the spd/cdu abomination we have now . 
  it 's hard for my politically binary american mind to grasp the closest analogues of democrats and republicans trying to form a government together instead of just the the left-of-center parties forming a government . 
  my opinion of parliamentary democracies is pretty good , but i think the presidential system works fine as well . 
  lots is wrong with our political system , but those problems can be solved just as well without a parliamentary system . 
  yeah , there are reasons they refuse to work together , but it all seems to the uninitiated like it would be less of a problem than siding with the cdu . 
  the other weird thing was that everyone just automatically expected the cdu to form the coalition because they had the plurality . 
  the idea that the left could all work together was n't even seriously discussed , at least that i saw . 
  cloze deletion normally works pretty well for grammar . 
  cloze out the preposition to practice prepositions . 
  take an if-clause and cloze out the verbs . 
  take sentences from * english grammar in use * or something and cloze out the answers . 
  what specific grammar points do you struggle with/want to practice ? 
  the biggest clich\u00e9 i see here is people complaining about languages if they 're not unique enough . 
  if tolkien posted quenya or khuzdul here he 'd get wrecked . 
  designing languages with tons of unusual features seems to be a clich\u00e9 as well . 
  for other people looking for it , they probably mean [ forvo ] ( https://forvo.com/ ) . 
  as i understood immersion , you translated sentences . 
  you could click on words to show a translation . 
  then someone who could barely speak english or your tl came along and corrected your good translation with broken english that 's not even close to what the thing you 're translating said . 
  you can get everything but the unhelpful corrections with readlang and a text editor . 
  i did n't vote , and i 'm still happy with that choice . 
  i probably would have voted if bernie had gotten the nomination , but i 'm not going to vote for people who are against my most important ideals , and i do n't think that makes me a bad citizen . 
   the most attractive script/alphabet, 
  arabic or tibetan, 
   the simplest grammar, 
  hard to say . 
  excluding languages that are especially similar to my own , i 'd probably say malay or turkish, 
   the most difficult grammar, 
  probably a native north american language like cherokee or navajo . 
   the most fascinating history, 
  english, 
   the most descriptive words/phrases, 
  i know this is all about subjective preferences/biases , but even keeping that in mind i ca n't answer this . 
  no languages seem more descriptive to me . 
  i have ( hsk5 ) , and i do n't think the grammar is easy for english speakers at all . 
  easier than japanese or korean , maybe , but many times harder than other european languages . 
  nothing is similar past the simplest sentences . 
  what do you mean by latin oriented ? 
  latin had no < w  , just a < v  . 
  german oriented , yes , but it does n't seem to have anything to do with latin . 
  it 's unbelievable that other groups who give language courses for free do n't have the same priorities i do . 
  the nerve !, 
   arabic should have been one of their biggest priorities . 
  yes , because i want it , and i assume millions agree with me . 
  they are stupid because they do n't do things the way i want them done to benefit me . 
   supply and demand, 
  do n't forget marketing ( indigenous languages ) and availability of free labor ( plenty of contributors to scandinavian courses ) . 
  i 'm reading this right now . 
  it 's very good and not too difficult . 
  what kind of answer are you looking for with why ? 
  in german , people can omit verbs that do n't really add any meaning to the sentence after modals . 
  in german , you can leave it off entirely . 
  english modals always need a verb , german modals do n't . 
  it does n't really matter how , and the word gehen is so non-specific that it does n't add anything , so you leave it out . 
  same thing with ich kann englisch , but note that this generally only works for things someone can be proficient in . 
  ich kann auto does n't work because auto is not a skill . 
  another interesting example is `` ich kann mathe einfach nicht '' . 
  what do you do with math ? 
  does n't really matter . 
  we 'd use the dummy verb `` do '' in english as well . 
  [ here ] ( http://german.stackexchange.com/questions/30874/when-can-the-second-verb-be-omitted-when-there-is-a-modal-verb ) 's a pretty good discussion of the topic on stackexchange . 
  also , your second sentence does n't sound right . 
  ich will nach deutschland is okay , because the motion is implied by nach . 
  ich will nicht in die t\u00fcrkei is likewise okay , but the motion has to be expressed somehow . 
  i ca n't think of any examples where werde is used as a future marker and does n't take another verb , but i could be wrong . 
  it 's actually just an older mandarin pronunciation . 
  ki became ji after most of the world had already learned the name of the city . 
  some languages changed and started using the more current name , like english , while many ( most ? ), 
  others did n't . 
  i usually hear it called oblique , but it usually serves the role of both german accusative and dative in english , and sometimes the german nominative . 
  \u2192 that 's me . 
  ( nominative \u2192 oblique ), 
  ( dative \u2192 oblique ), 
  i 'd caution learners against trying to match up german cases to english pronoun cases too much , but usually an oblique case in english will be dative or accusative in german . 
  edit : i just noticed you were talking specifically about whom . 
  i should have read better . 
  i 'd still say that whom is oblique in formal written english , though . 
  it is kind of dative-y in some lects , i 'd say more prepositional , but it really depends on where you 're from , your level of education , and so on . 
  follow-up question from someone who never studied german in school . 
  is that last blank in the first paragraph really an accusative ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it should be portugiesischen because it sounds right , but is n't that the genitive ? 
  but it ca n't be , because the noun does n't look genitive . 
  i guess it is accusative , but it seems weird to have two accusatives next to each other like that . 
  well yeah , that 's what 's causing me the difficulty . 
  in every other language with cases i know , this would be a genitive . 
  having two accusatives at the end of the sentence seems weird , but in german it 's hard to tell . 
  is the - es at the end of weines not mandatory for the genitive ? 
  i would expect a genitive of content here , but the form of the noun is n't genitive . 
  i 've taken germans shooting , and all of them who were willing to do it in the first place ended up seeing the appeal , even if they still were n't big fans of knowing the house they were sleeping in was full of guns .
