  afraid of learning thousands of characters , korean is easiest . 
  between religious people and second wave feminists , i 'm not sure it 's fair to say most people do n't have a moral issue with it . 
  and do n't forget the mythical one-horn . 
  this is true as long as taiwanese people do n't count as chinese , 
  weird , i feel the exact opposite . 
  rebels is consistently okay . 
  i enjoy it , but it 's pretty beige and not too adventurous . 
  clone wars had everything from totally useless , forgettable episodes in the early seasons to some of the best star wars content period in some of the later arcs . 
  here 's [ a very good article ] ( https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/how-many-republicans-marry-democrats/ ) on the topic . 
  short answer is that it 's more common for people to marry inside their political party , but inter-party marriages are n't exactly rare . 
  it 's a quora answer . 
  i 'm surprised when they 're not badling material . 
  for my russian project from scratch this year :, 
  after seven books : a2 passive, 
  after fourteen : weak b1 passive, 
  i have n't quite hit twenty-one yet , but i 'm still noticeably improving . 
  i transitioned away from bilingual texts after 11 books . 
  with a dictionary , i can read news articles on familiar subjects without too much trouble . 
  youth books are enjoyable without a dictionary if i 've read them before , painless with a bit of dictionary use . 
  books targeted towards adults , even pop books , are still a bit of a slog . 
  my goal is to be able to be able to passively understand russian well enough to read the news and modern literature comfortably by the end of the year . 
  i 'm a little bit behind my goal in terms of hours ( 336 hours so far out of a target 600 for the whole year ) , but i still think it 's doable . 
  my active skills are completely awful , though . 
  i had a russian-speaking roommate for a week recently . 
  he spoke german , but his dad did n't really . 
  understanding them was okay , even when they talked to each other , but i could n't say much of anything and ended up just speaking german most of the time and letting the guy who spoke both fill in the gaps . 
  i have similar questions about the amount/quality of music produced by german speakers . 
  the germanophone world has some of the weakest cultural output in the world for their gdp across various media and genres . 
  like others have mentioned , though , germany does have a lot of homegrown fantasy books . 
  germany 's just not a sci-fi country for whatever reason . 
   feel free to ask questions , post relevant links , and start discussions in or about esperanto . 
  it 's all relative . 
  is german literature and music as good as french literature and music ? 
  spanish ? 
  polish ? 
  russian ? 
  ukrainian ? 
  i 'm not even sure if i 'd consider germany to have better contemporary literary output than a hungary , a country a small fraction of germany 's size and wealth . 
  yes , there are good writers , but i still think it 's shamefully small for the number of people and the purchasing power of the audience . 
  i ca n't go there at all with you on music . 
  german music is a very niche interest outside of germanophonia . 
  and it 's unsurprising . 
  i 've never lived in a place where fewer people have music involved in their life . 
  take out the immigrants and that number drops even harder . 
  again , that 's not to say that there are n't good artists , but you ca n't seriously compare it with other comparably sized/monied countries . 
  i 've been playing music since i was a kid ( perk of growing up in the southern us ) and made pocket money playing while i was going to school . 
  a decent number of my friends here in germany i bonded with over music . 
  i know it exists , it 's just not a huge segment of the population . 
  you ca n't compare it with places like the southern us or andalucia where music plays a big role in community life . 
  it 's not germany 's fault , and by itself it does n't mean anything . 
  it 's just another sign . 
  it 's ultimately a subjective claim . 
  there are no statistics than can prove or disprove a claim like `` german music is n't that good . '', 
  it 's just an impression , and one i 've met a lot of people who share . 
   by that logic the literary output of the us or china must be horrible in your eyes . 
  china and the us both produce overwhelming amounts of literature and , as such , do n't have much demand for translations of foreign books compared to smaller markets . 
  50 % of chinese people read at least once a week , which is quite similar to the number of germans ( 46 % if i remember correctly ) , and they 're reading a lot less translated literature than germans are . 
  it 's interesting , though , to compare chinese media output to taiwan , which hits well above its weight per capita or per gdp . 
  i do n't see which logic at all would imply that the literary output of the us would be horrible . 
  more people read american books than from any country in the world . 
  it 's also one of the biggest markets , but it seems to me like it mostly lives up to it . 
  nope , it 's all anecdotal . 
  i would n't even know how to quantify it if i wanted to . 
  i 've lived in a few countries and i 'm a lover of music and books , but that 's about all i have to go on . 
  also in the interest of saying something positive so it does n't sound like i 'm just being a negative nancy , germany has a hip-hop scene that is criminally underappreciated both within germany and abroad , imo . 
   if you are learning a foreign language after childhood , chances are that you will be able to write more correctly than you can speak . 
  i think this has a lot more to do with how you study than how old you are when you learn . 
  your statement is probably true for educated westerners because of how we tend to approach language learning , but it 's important to remember that it 's not really a biological thing , as shown by the millions of adults who pick around the world who pick up languages and suck at writing them , or sometimes even ca n't write them at all . 
  i had social studies in school . 
  why do you think we do n't have social studies ? 
   i 'm sorry if i 'm harsh but i just ca n't stand it when people arrogantly put down entire cultural traditions , especially when they know nothing about them . 
  it 's fine . 
  i live here . 
  i 'm very used to people assuming i 'm ignorant when they disagree with me . 
  it 's kind of the default response . 
   contemporary literary output, 
   there * are * good writers, 
  i thought i made it clear i was n't talking about older literature . 
  in case i did n't , i 'm not talking about literary history . 
   you 're basing this entirely on the small sample size of books you 've read and on your pretty narrow definition of what good literature is ( at least i 'm assuming that it 's a narrow definition , otherwise your claims are inexplicable ) . 
  i have n't had my coffee yet , so all i can really say is fight me . 
  tell me what you know about how much i 've read . 
  project your ignorance . 
  feed my stereotypes . 
  you also think i put down an `` entire cultural tradition '' , which means you 're oversensitive and ca n't read to top it off . 
  your comments about music can be expanded to other cultural products as well , i think . 
  middle-brow entertainment ( i dislike this distinction , but you 're not wrong ) is where germany struggles the most , whether in music , literature , film , or whatever . 
  other countries are exposed to the english-speaking entertainment sector and are still vibrant centers of cultural production , not just for high-brow stuff , but for popular consumption as well . 
  i 've been mostly sticking to translated stuff because my russian 's just not good enough for most of the russian literature i 'd like to read . 
  metro 2033 is the only russian book i 've read so far , and i 'd recommend it . 
  it 's not too difficult for beginners , either , but the audiobook has music behind it , which bothers me a bit . 
  [ this is my favorite cry wolf regarding racism this week . 
  ] ( http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-sp-usc-traveler-20170818-story.html ), 
  this looks a lot like my setup , except that i open lingvo live from lwt instead of readlang . 
  i really like dictionaries that have lots of examples like that . 
  linguee is a good one for many languages . 
  my other dictionaries are wiktionary ( because it parses most words for me if i 'm not sure of the form ) and google translate , for the odd cases where neither dictionary has the word i 'm looking for . 
  other people have already said it , but i 'll say it again anyways . 
  it 's not a big deal , or even really required . 
  people will know you 're an anglophone , no big deal .
