  i think a more useful figure might be that the number of english-speaking internet users is roughly the same as the number of chinese-speaking users . 
  but i agree with your general point . 
  the chinese web centers around a small number of sites and services with huge numbers of users and lots of content ( taobao , alibaba , wechat , qq , weibo , youku , etc. ), 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just browsing habits . 
  number of users is a much better gauge of how easy it is to find stuff online in a language in my experience , and chinese has more than enough internet users to provide and demand content . 
  the oblique case is used for naming in english , so ledam22 's sentence was correct . 
  nope , i would n't learn it if i had no reason to go to germany . 
  although the level of english proficiency in germany is usually overstated , the germans who live and work outside of germany are usually the ones with a good command of english . 
  you can find ways to use it if you want to , but if you 're having to force it , might as well just learn something more useful . 
  why is italian studied more than portuguese ? 
  try searching in french . 
  you can find a lot of assimil courses on t411 , and the audio is the same no matter the source language . 
  that being said , consider buying a course if you end up using it a lot . 
  assimil is one of the best language learning publishers out there . 
  some verbs take the dative . 
  you just have to memorize them . 
  besides folgen , helfen , passen , and widersprechen come to mind as other examples . 
  i 'm sure there are lists somewhere online with more verbs . 
   esperanto is not agglutinative, 
  it is definitely an agglutinative language . 
  the ability to build words like that is part of what makes it so easy to speak with limited vocabulary . 
  one of the key benefits of american media is that it 's stuff a lot of people want to watch anyway , which makes a big difference in how much you absorb . 
  yeah , finding movies for german is n't hard , but forcing yourself to go out of your way to watch them and keep watching them makes a difference . 
  not to mention that dubs bother a lot of people , which rules out a lot of options . 
   why do you and people like you have to turn every single thread about hungary into whining about everything in general ? 
  so you want hungarians to stop complaining about everything ? 
  good luck with that . 
  german news dubbing obama : /, 
  pretty much the only news i 've noticed that does n't dub another language is catalan , which leaves spanish undubbed . 
  i 'm sure there are more examples , but that 's the only one i know . 
  the germans subtitle people with thick foreign accents too . 
  it 's not just america . 
  just yesterday i saw this user defending columbus to a native american . 
  that 's just not worth my time to argue with . 
  i personally do n't disagree with you about the benefits , but try convincing a bunch of school children they should put tons of time and effort into something so that they can avoid alzheimer 's , understand other cultures , and communicate with more people , despite the fact that they probably have n't even met everyone in their home town . 
  they do n't need it to watch movies , they do n't need it to use the internet , they do n't need it to play video games , they do n't need it to talk to their friends , they do n't need it for 95 % of hobbies . 
  it 's just not relevant to most american students . 
  i personally ca n't imagine another history and culture class doing much to motivate young people who see no point . 
  your home language and the lingua franca of your country or region is good enough for the majority of people anywhere . 
  english provides social mobility and international opportunities , but that 's still irrelevant to most people . 
  it 's just worse ( or better ? ), 
  for english speakers . 
  can we stick to criticizing him for his libertarian idiocy without bringing his accent into it ? 
  there are plenty of people of all kinds of education levels and political leanings with southern accents . 
  pretty much the only thing we have in common is growing up in the south . 
  the girl is \u62d6\u978b . 
  it 's a language , not just a hobby . 
  if it were the language my partner and i preferred communicating in , it would be only natural that our child learned it in addition to our native languages . 
  why would we make communication between ourselves harder just so our child learns one less language ? 
  you meet a sexy person with whom your only or best common language is esperanto . 
  they also find you sexy , and then you have children in a house that speaks esperanto , leading to native speakers . 
  is that the point of esperanto ? 
  of course not . 
  does it go against the ideals of esperanto ? 
  some people might say so , but it 's a living language , and that means there 's a risk of creating native speakers , no matter what anyone else thinks of it . 
  native speakers are n't perceived as speaking `` better '' esperanto than other speakers , so there 's no real danger of jeopardizing the esperanto movement by some kind of language privilege or something . 
   dude , you live in germany . 
  i think that 's all you ultimately need . 
  that 's all you need to get good at the language , but if you want to get to c2 , you have to study more complex , literary , and uncommon language that wo n't show up in your daily life unless you have a certain job or friend group . 
  i was living in germany with my german partner , but despite using mostly german , i stagnated until i started forcing myself to read and talk about more complex stuff than i normally would . 
  mostly through context . 
  i forced myself to read some literature and talked about it with my mother-in-law , who 's into that . 
  it was helpful , but german literature is not my thing at all . 
  the thing which i managed to be most consistent with ( and that 's probably why it helped the most ) was reading spiegel articles , which my partner was interested in talking about , and then discussing them . 
  pick the articles you 're especially uncomfortable with . 
  i guess i got lucky from a language perspective : although she almost never spoke to me in german until i was about b2 , after i hit that point where she felt comfortable , talking to me in german did n't seem to bother her much at all , even though her english is near-native . 
  i also spent about six months putting a few sentences from spiegel articles ( or whatever ) in anki every day . 
  it helped me with words i felt like i should know , but did n't expect to hear very often in real life . 
  if you are familiar with and use anki already , it 's definitely worth trying . 
   my home life goes on in danish , and only danish . 
  haha , for a long time my partner made fun of me , telling me i spoke kitchen german . 
  and it was kind of true . 
  i was pretty comfortable dealing with household stuff that i 've been dealing with every day for years in german , but i had to make an effort to learn to talk about politics , economics , science , and stuff like that . 
  that part of my life was english . 
  i guess that 's why i get mistaken for a heritage speaker sometimes . 
   should i start reading more novels in danish or something more practical like scientific literature ? 
  i answered the other poster more in-depth , but i 'd say definitely both . 
  i mean , it depends on where your interests are , too . 
  i 'd struggle with scientific literature in english , but stuff around pop-sci level was a great help to me . 
  i can get a lot more in depth about history and politics , so i read more of that . 
  and it 's important to talk about it too , if you can find someone interested in talking about it with you . 
  well , `` te quiero '' is something you can tell your girl/boyfriend in spanish , but `` i like you '' does n't sound quite right past 13 years old in english . 
  at least not to someone you 're already together with . 
  it can depend on context , but `` i love her '' is a plenty good translation . 
  i 've understood it differently . 
  gender as a social construct supports the patriarchy . 
  people who identify as trans men or trans women ( but not third gender/queer/etc . ), 
  reinforce the validity of these social constructs , and so reinforce the patriarchy . 
  it 's to the gulags either way imo . 
  thank stalin i do n't run into this type of feminist often . 
  packets of ranch dressing mix . 
  do n't stay too distracted by the capitalist media to question their story about communism . 
  second business language where ? 
  i 'm a little surprised it 's a second business language most anywhere besides romance language-speaking europe and parts of africa . 
  edit : to clarify , most places seem to only have two business languages : the national language of their country and english . 
  as an auxiliary business language , i 'd think french had very limited use . 
  `` ima '' ( pronounced eye-muh ) for something like `` i 'm about to '' is another pretty common one , as is `` finna '' for `` fixing to '' . 
  both words come from aave , but were common in pretty much everyone 's textspeak when i was a teenager ( ~ 10 years ago ) , and i still see/use `` ima '' some in text messages/facebook chat type stuff . 
  there have been some pretty cool maps analyzing twitterspeak from different parts of the country you might find useful , but i ca n't google them atm . 
  the complaint about american ( and canadian ) building materials is one i get from germans a lot , too .
