  you jump from that to bad , which is just pointless unless you 're interested in name-calling . 
  did he edit out the distasteful remarks ? 
  i 'm a bit confused . 
   it needs to be typologically as universal and neutral as possible , it needs to have a simpe and universal phonology , and it definitely does n't need a lexicon that a central european tip-toe-through-the-dictionaries will give you . 
  this word need seems it a bit odd here , because it 's the most successful auxlang and it defies all of your listed requirements for a suitable auxiliary language . 
  why ? 
  because language is social . 
  if you want to criticize ikthuil , go for it . 
  it has no speech community , no culture . 
  i listen to harsh and/or ignorant criticism of esperanto frequently , but your antagonistic attacks are actually a level of maliciousness i have n't previously experienced . 
  esperanto does have a speech community and a culture , including some people raised with the language , raised as a part of the culture . 
  you 're using charged terminology like `` an abortion , a joke , a vague image of a language . '', 
  your arguments are about the design of the language , but you 're attacking all of it . 
  keep your problems with it civil and to the point . 
   if you ca n't judge esperanto by this , but have to go for `` but it 's got native speakers , you 're not allowed to criticise it '' , then you , and it , has already failed spectacularly as a true auxiliary language . 
  esperanto has in some ways failed as an auxiliary language , but it has nothing to do with its linguistic merits . 
  in my mind , aux languages are n't created to stay on paper . 
  they 're meant to be spoken and used . 
  they should be designed to catch on and spread and serve their purpose : communication . 
  you have an idea of what * you * think the perfect auxlang would be , and you 're judging esperanto by it . 
  i 'm guessing if you created ( or have created ) one , by the standards of being used as a language for communication between speakers who do n't share another language , it would a bit far behind esperanto . 
  but that 's just my criterion . 
  it does n't mean yours is bad . 
  it 's just serves a different purpose . 
  it 's not that you do n't have legitimate arguments , really . 
  it 's just that you do n't seem to recognize their place and relevance , leading to some pretty offensive statements . 
  i believe they 're asking , `` das war 's ? '', 
  or sometimes `` das w\u00e4r 's ? '', 
  the beggars in my neighborhood use the dogs to gain sympathy . 
  they actually take turns with the dog and pass him around at certain points during the day . 
  he talks with the rhetoric of the people i know who call obama a nigger frequently in casual speech . 
  if he did n't , i would definitely think this was a harmless mistake , but i have suspicions that he 's called obama a nigger more than a time or two in his private life . 
  it means `` that '' . 
  it 's written \u90a3\u4e2a . 
  the popular ones will have plenty of contacts . 
  it 's not like they 're going to be thrown into being 18 and lost again , trying to convince a supermarket manager to let them bag groceries or something . 
  it sucks trying to find a job , especially in the states , and especially in some parts of the states ; i 'm not denying that . 
  the successful and well-loved will probably be fine , though . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's not just mad/jealous , because completely agree and went to a nice private school . 
  he 's not saying ( i think ) that community colleges are anything like schools that cost 50,000 + . 
  he 's saying they 're a cheaper way to get a degree , which is completely true . 
  but still , the sad truth is that paying even $ 10,000 a year at 18 ( or 20 , for that matter ) can be a burden and it can put people in a pretty shitty situation . 
  it 's also way overpriced by the standards of many of our non-us redditor friends who come from europe . 
  my city just cut the university fees from $ 500 to $ 0 . 
  it would be quite nice if i were going to school ( i 'm a bit jealous ) . 
  it 's not always correct and certainly not all-encompassing . 
  wiktionary has a particular problem with the pronunciations being wrong or inconsistent . 
  yes you can . 
  i 've been on both sides of it , and i 'm not the only one . 
  you most certainly can reason people out of or into most things , including irrational or cultural beliefs and prejudices . 
  i 'm guessing , though , that your irrational disdain for all religious people leads you to be very ineffective to that end . 
   as you point out , if someone really is dedicated enough to want to become fluent in a language , they need a more intensive approach . 
  they need the rule book * right away * . 
  as a teacher , i have to say that there are many different types of learners , and many of them do n't need a rule book or formal grammar instruction right away . 
  you seem to contradict the quoted statement in the next sentence , which i completely agree with . 
  it also bothers me that there are so few books out there oriented towards linguists , but i would think they would n't sell too well . 
  most people ( non-linguists ) learn better from talking , practicing , pictures , really anything * but * dry material , especially grammars . 
  and , i 'm repeating myself , but you really do n't need a grammar book to speak a language well , or at least i 've never seen any evidence to support this claim . 
  it can make it faster for certain types of learners ( which is why i wish more materials were available ) , but claiming it 's necessary is a bit silly . 
  i have also never heard this . 
  i do hear litrture quite a lot , though ( sae here ) . 
  the first i usually use as a complete unit ( happy as a clam at high tide ) and have heard it with and without the back half . 
  i say `` go pound sand up your ass . '', 
  did n't realize that was n't the idiom . 
  i heard another member of my family say this today . 
  i wonder how many of us have it wrong . 
  yes , chinese and japanese , along with vietnamese and korean , form the east asian sprachbund . 
  i guarantee you that every single native speaker of any language in your country is rather proficient in the grammar of the language they speak . 
  your ideas of grammar may describe a language that is n't the one they speak , or your rules could have little basis in language whatsoever . 
  edit : barring uncommon cases such as the disabled . 
  this note on german is not correct . 
  good luck on your exam , though . 
  i generally use botany and farming . 
  learning languages is like farming , linguistics is like botany . 
  i spent far too long trying to figure out what a batsk was . 
  i do n't understand why there is such a vocal group of people banned from r/communism . 
  and judging from the discussions i see there , they keep it clean and civil ( by internet standards ) . 
  i appreciate that . 
  they do n't tolerate people saying things without backing up their argument , and it makes for really nice discussion . 
  i think this interpretation fits north korea as well as any other i 've read . 
  this is a new idea to me , so i 'm just beginning to think through and digest it , but at first glance i think there 's something of value here . 
  as an extension , what kind of process must a society with a social structure of slavery go through before it reaches a classless society ? 
  of course we all know some answers to this question about a capitalist or even feudal society , but i 'm completely at a loss for slavery . 
  thanks for the food for thought . 
  31/33 , mixed up thai and lao . 
  i 'm not sure that the statement `` natural language learning is only effective for infants and small children '' can be categorized as an opinion . 
  i 've seen lots of adult students who learn quickly and effectively without formal grammar instruction . 
  the majority , in fact . 
  most dislike detailed grammatical analysis . 
  in honduras the reports of violence usually include a note that the weapons were acquired from the us . 
  that 's not even including the times it 's the dea that 's shooting civilians . 
  one of my friend 's aunts was killed . 
  i do n't have citations for the first point i made because i do n't have a copy of el heraldo with me , but next time you see it just pick it up and look for reports on violence . 
  not hard to find . 
  what gave you the idea that it is a term specific to the indigenous populations of north america ? 
  i 've never noticed it being restricted in that way . 
  best flight i 've ever been on . 
  he did n't say they would die then . 
  they were going to live forever if they did n't eat from the tree , but eventually they died because they ate from the tree . 
  do n't get me wrong , i believe this really happened like i believe harry potter really happened , but compared to other contradictions in the bible this can be explained pretty easily .
