  i 've been to toronto many times . 
  i heard a toronto order a `` stoat '' ( stout ) in a bar a few weeks ago . 
  y' all sound canadian . 
  some of you even say `` eh '' without realizing it . 
  it 's very noticeable to our ears . 
  the climate change stuff is one of the most frustrating expressions of it , but this is n't an unusual phenomenon . 
  i 'm basically satan in germany because i 'm not anti nuclear power . 
  the american left has no shortage of scientific blind spots , especially when sensitive subjects like trans issues or worst of all vaccines come up . 
  me too . 
  john just wrote me jared 's friend he 's so nice . 
  just asked how i 'm doing and whether i 'd like to do something sometime . 
  i left the commas absent like they are in the original . 
  as many jack 's chicken biscuits as i can eat . 
  universal healthcare is a staple concept in the developed world . 
  single payer is not . 
  i am 100 % for universal health care , but i 'm not sure single payer is the right fit for the us . 
  i quite like the german system , but i 'm growing increasingly cynical that our government is capable of anything that involves regulating large industries or going against powerful interest groups . 
  i 'm not familiar with the major single payer plans in the us right now . 
  i did some research on what the bernie types are proposing a few months ago , but i 'm not convinced they have any good plan to be able to finance it and sufficiently reduce costs . 
  in germany you pay ~ 8 % of your income up to a certain point matched by your employer , ~ 15 % if you 're a freelancer . 
  there are almost no other costs . 
  it 's something like ten euros per day spent in a hospital , and some non-prescription meds you have to pay for , but almost everything is covered . 
  the insurance is offered by heavily regulated private companies . 
  the german system is another model . 
  you have the choice to buy private insurance in germany for extras like single rooms and whatnot , but the kind of insurance that everyone has to have ( gesetzliche krankenversicherung ) is also a multi-payer system . 
  employees , employers , and taxpayers pay into the healthcare fund . 
  the healthcare fund distributes that money to the insurance companies based on lots of factors : how many people they cover , how old the people they cover are , etc. 
  the insurance companies then pay the doctors ' invoices and administrative costs from that money . 
  of course that 's a really short version , but it 's most definitely not a single-payer system , and it provides universal coverage just as well or better than single-payer systems like the nhs . 
  i 've done about half of this . 
  i 'll try to have it all up sometime today . 
  i 'm not really sure what the best way to present it is . 
  i just downloaded the subs and am translating it in aegisub because i 'm lazy and this is long , but is there an easy way to use a sub file with a youtube video ? 
  i 'm afraid it 'll be a bit confusing if i just copy paste the transcript . 
  if i did n't feel like learning it or using it any more . 
  here you go . 
  i 'm just copy and pasting the subtitle file . 
  it 'd be much nicer to download the video and watch it with english subs , but i guess it 's comprehensible enough like this as well . 
  right , super exciting news . 
  nutrition doc matthias riedel is in the studio . 
  nice to see you . 
  propionic acids seems to play, 
  an important role , that is certain, 
  fatty acids that come from foods . 
  what foods do you have to eat for these ? 
  yeah , our good intestinal flora, 
  have to be well-fed . 
  and humans have actually been, 
  herbivores since time immemorial . 
  and the plants, 
  these plant components, 
  want to have these bacteria . 
  and they produce, 
  this propionic acid from insoluble fibers . 
  so insoluble fibers , that means, 
  those are pea shells, 
  or whole-grain bread, 
  right, 
  there 's a lot in apple peels ,, 
  but also in grains, 
  or here in peas and lentils . 
  fiber-rich nuts, 
  are also great , especially, 
  - without the shell , right ? 
  - right . 
  that would be a little too much fiber . 
  and all of that, 
  feeds , so to speak , our good friends, 
  in the intestines , and they get strong ,, 
  and block out saprogenics . 
  ah , saprogenics do n't sound good at all . 
  they can apparently spread, 
  if the amount of certain types decreases . 
  we 've also heard about good bacteria in the intestine, 
  and that affects more and more people ,, 
  that there 's a kind of impoverishment, 
  in the intestine . 
  what kind of nutrition causes that ? 
  well , if you go off this plant-based diet ,, 
  whole grain, 
  then it can come to the point -, 
  - especially by eating a lot of meat - that the saprogenic, 
  uhh ... then the saprogenic agents grow strong, 
  and then push our good propionic acid, 
  producers to the side , so to speak . 
  and the saprogenic agents grow strongly, 
  and can cause illnesses . 
  we did n't put this display here, 
  up for nothing . 
  so also convenience food here again , uhh ... 
  a lot of fat and sugar and pure sugar, 
  that is in a lot more things, 
  than we think . 
  is artificial sweetener ,, 
  for example , an alternative ? 
  unfortunately not , because we 've known, 
  from the first studies that artificial sweeteners, 
  can disrupt the good intestinal bacteria in a way, 
  that the intestinal flora can, 
  change in a way,
