  as a caveat to all the criticisms of the current state . 
  i can condemn my country 's weird pledge and anthem fetish without condemning the country itself . 
  i know i make fun of how indian theaters play the national anthem and make everyone stand up before movies , no reason i do n't feel the same way about our need to infuse sports with a million flags and veterans and anthems and flyovers . 
  i still love the us and want the best for the people . 
  does n't mean i have to like creepily making kids pledge to a flag like the hitler youth or something . 
  still think making kids pledge is bullshit , though . 
  i remember ( in real life , so not with some internet troll ) referring to the american revolution as the the first enlightenment revolution . 
  the german guy i was talking to , university-educated , white-collar job , etc. , laughed and asked me , what about the french revolution . 
  that was later , i said . 
  he never did believe me . 
  well there are other examples as well , this one just happened to be the comment that cracked me up the most . 
  my favorite technique i 've used so far was have one card per sentence that was audio -  tl , and another full of cloze deletions for new words , forms , and grammar . 
  i just did a two month experiment with the first 1000 sentences of polish . 
  i then had a very basic conversation with my neighbor . 
  it was rough , as was expected for a first conversation , but i was very pleased with how quickly i was able to recall and decline/conjugate words appropriately . 
  edit : [ here 's the deck ] ( https://mega.nz/#!lwjxliit!rnush5tpdfk9idrgkukg5kriz00lrcfmt0kefgndqdo ) , just to give you an idea of how it looks . 
  here on reddit . 
  i run into esperantists on / r/socialism and / r/fullcommunism from time to time . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there 's no community explicitly for leftist esperantists on reddit , but there are enough here that we could start one . 
  generally an uvular r , like in french or german . 
  though there are also some spanish speakers who can tap but not roll , so they just use that . 
  i 've heard the passive/submissive usage in the real world , but using it as a generally negative thing seems to be very limited , even on the internet . 
  4chan , the donald , people that use the word cuck often , etc. 
  it 's an interesting development , for sure , but it does seem more like in-group buzzword ( ca n't remember the technical term for this ) than anything else . 
  heh , that 's a good example . 
  `` quite common '' seems completely out of order there . 
  i would have said `` somewhat common '' , probably . 
  the root issue is still the same , so i do n't see any reason why we 'd need a new word for it . 
  or , you can say we want more equality , and the way to do that is focus on women 's issues because they 're the disadvantaged group . 
  it 's constructive and clear about who the less equal group is we need to be focusing on . 
  danish children pick up the language slower than their peers in other countries , just to give a counterexample . 
   it 's widely accepted now within the linguistics community that no language is objectively harder or more complex than another . 
  there 's plenty of dispute about that , though in the context of this conversation i agree with you . 
  wikipedia has a nice overview of some of the arguments . 
  i 'm not trying to be dense , but i really do n't see how it 's not basically the same issue . 
  women are disadvantaged by a patriarchal society now , they were 50 years ago as well . 
  the issues you brought up ( earning gap , objectification ) existed then as well as now . 
  the danish sound structure - implications for, 
  language acquisition in normal and hearing impaired populations . 
  in e. 
  post , j. 
  brain , hearing and learning . 
  20th danavox symposium 2003, 
  early vocabulary development in danish and other languages :, 
  a cdi-based comparison . 
  journal of child language, 
  the paper you linked mentions them in the introduction . 
  since i apparently still do n't get it , it 'd be helpful to explain what your point was . 
  learning to read chinese takes a lot longer , especially at the beginning . 
  any estimate would be pulling numbers out of my ass , but think of memorizing 1000 symbols with words instead of ~ 30 symbols with sounds for an alphabet . 
  after 500 or 1000 characters or so it starts to make sense , though . 
  when i run across a new character now , i can usually read the parts of the character , have a few guesses at how it sounds , and do n't always have to really focus on memorizing it like i used to . 
  i still have to look it up to be sure , but it does n't feel opaque like characters do at the beginning . 
  tl ; dr logograms take a lot more time at the beginning , but at intermediate + levels it 's not much more than an inconvenience . 
  learning to handwrite the characters much more difficult . 
  like reading , it gets easier as you go , but it 's an extremely time-intensive activity , even by language learning standards . 
  i was years and thousands of characters into learning before i started handwriting , and i did n't feel like it was holding me back at all . 
  as long as you learn to recognize components , it should work out fine . 
  yes , handwriting helps , but learning to write just takes so much practice time that could be used learning something else . 
  like learning to read more characters . 
  it 's not . 
  like vanderkaum said , it 's worked for millions of children , but not writing has worked for plenty of learners as well . 
  it 's just that it has n't been that long since handwriting became not that useful , so we have a smaller sample size to work with . 
  also , a lot of people learn chinese through classes , which tend to use more traditional methods , even if they do n't suit the needs of the particular student . 
  you 'll want to know stroke order and the basics of how characters are written because it comes up more often than you might think ( describing how a name is written , watching someone draw a character in mid-air for clarification ) , but you do n't actually need to learn to write that many characters if you do n't want to . 
  some people say it helps your memory , but i never found it necessary . 
  passive recognition flashcards worked fine for passive recognition . 
  i did n't start really learning until i became interested in calligraphy , which came pretty late in the process . 
  you can get by 95 % of the time knowing how to write your name , address , and some food dishes for restaurants that have you write down your order . 
  yeah , glossika is graded from simpler to harder , but it still takes a very holistic approach to language learning . 
  after 3000 sentences , you 'll be farther than most any textbook out there . 
  after 1000 sentences , you probably wo n't be much ( or at all ) more useful and communicative than if you 'd done the first third of a textbook . 
  it 's hard to give good estimates for how far a program will get you . 
  if you do the program as intensively as glossika recommends and you also spend time practicing , by watching tv or talking to people for example , there 's no question it provides a good basis for reaching b2 . 
  you could also half-ass it and not reach b2 . 
  i have trouble imagining properly finishing a glossika course and not being at least b1 . 
  memorizing the sentences is n't important . 
  they try to be practically useful too , but what you learn from the sentences is more important . 
  mike campbell explained well why learning with sentences is a good choice in an interview [ here ] ( http://www.mezzoguild.com/glossika-review/ ) :, 
   memorizing rules has never let anyone achieve fluency in a foreign language . 
  only mass amounts of practice has . 
  let me touch on each of these . 
   pronunciation : in languages like english , our words undergo a lot of pronunciation and intonation changes when words get into sentences . 
  these things may be easier for european students , but for asian students it can be really difficult . 
  likewise is true with languages like chinese . 
  the pronunciations and tones we learn from individual words change once they go into a sentence . 
  by following the intonation of a sentence , it 's much easier to sound native rather than trying to say every word with its own tone . 
   syntax : syntax is not an easy subject and there are so many rules that can be written . 
  i find it easiest when i can recognize the parts of speech in a sentence , such as nouns , verbs , adjectives , and just pay attention to what order native speakers put them in . 
  some languages like german and chinese have subject-verb-object word order however are pretty strict about moving that order around in certain circumstances . 
  if you do n't pay attention , or try to create your own sentences with what you think is intuitive , it 'll create bad habits . 
   vocabulary : people do n't really understand vocabulary . 
  vocabulary only really takes on meaning when it is used appropriately in a sentence or paired with other words , known as collocations . 
  and because of this most dictionaries are not that useful . 
  the best dictionaries today are those made from databases and are collocation built dictionaries . 
   consider the word ` have ' in these examples : 1 ) have him do it . 
  ( causative ) 2 ) i 'll have a coffee . 
  ( consume/eat/drink ) 3 ) have you heard from him ? 
  ( perfect verb ) . 
   none of these uses of ` have ' actually have the meaning that we associate with ` have ' .
