  memorizing and perfecting small chunks of audio is a great exercise , but you could also make it something more interesting , meaningful , or natural . 
  basically , just be aware that chinese can have huge differences in register : pronunciation , word choice , and even grammar . 
  possible , but i 've never met any of them personally , so i was just talking from experience . 
  i have met some germans on business trips to the local plants , and while the number is non-trivial , there are n't enough of them to have a big impact on the community . 
  ~ ~ i 'd imagine it 's the same regarding koreans and the hyundai plant , but it 's just speculation . ~ ~ turns out there 's no nearby korean plant at all . 
  edit : and now that i think of it , the hyundai plant is on the other side of the state from me . 
  there are a few german plants nearby , but no korean ones are coming to mind right off hand . 
   it was a warning or red flag that you were in klan territory . 
  i had some black guys refuse to come to my house because of the frequency of rebel flags in the area . 
  they told me it meant that was klan territory . 
  i did n't realize they meant that literally . 
  this is just a few years ago , so not ancient history at all . 
  also , it 's not klan territory . 
  i know all the white nationalists in the area and they 're not very well thought-of . 
  also , this incident is why i wo n't fly the flag . 
  not that i did all that much beforehand , but still . 
  i have no interest in making people uncomfortable , and unfortunately that 's what the flag does . 
   ` less said ' as possible to portray expression ? 
  look into ithkuil . 
  nothing matches it for how much information can be packed into a tight space . 
  it 's definitely not the easiest , though . 
  toki pona is easy and you can leave a lot unsaid . 
  the vocab is based off of world languages . 
  it 's so simple it 's difficult to actually use , though . 
  i do n't think the problem itself is a german thing . 
  i 've met people like that from lots of different countries , but germany simply has more people like that and they 're more intense about it ( go figure ) . 
  also , germany has tons of self-respect , it 's just all on loan to `` europe '' right now . 
  no way that could go wrong ... 
  dreamcatchers in germany crack me up . 
  there 's this one peruvian guy in a nearby town that sells dreamcatchers every time there 's some kind of festival , cause he looks the part and figures why not . 
  i have never seen so many of these things in my life . 
  or indian costumes , but that 's another topic . 
  does that kind of thing , like that lady 's house you described , make you feel uneasy at all ? 
  i have to admit it kind of weirds me out . 
  i do n't say anything , and i 'm generally supportive of being interested in other cultures , but it gets weird . 
  this is very common in german . 
  not at all, 
  there are very few pictographic characters . 
  the first characters you learn , regardless what course you use , will have pictographic characters . 
  many of the simplest characters are pictographic , but there 's no need to focus on them specifically . 
  for learning the characters , i personally did it along with a textbook . 
  i used practical audio video chinese and assimil , and i learned the new characters as parts of new words as they showed up in the textbook by putting them into anki . 
  another popular option is * remembering traditional hanzi * or * remembering simplified hanzi * . 
  i do n't like this as much because you learn the characters out of context , but if you like mnemonic devices , you may want to try them out . 
  i 've never been mistaken for one , but i would n't be offended . 
  i 'd be surprised , because normally it 's people from the smaller country getting assumed to be from the larger country . 
  it might surprise me , but it would n't bother me at all . 
  you can get a liveable house for about $ 30,000 . 
  that 's not average , but i do n't really know what is . 
  it 's affordable for an average person with a loan , but there are plenty of people who ca n't afford it , too . 
  the cheap alternative is usually a trailer , and there are projects when even trailers or a cheap apartment are too expensive . 
  that all sounds reasonable to me . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  i do n't think i 've spent more than a hundred on any language i know , and i would n't call any of that spending necessary . 
  i read it in russian . 
  the german is messed up there , too . 
  edit : book is metro 2033 , in case anyone was wondering . 
  do mtfs have less privilege than ftms ? 
  that seems highly unlikely to me . 
  ftms seem to always be much less assertive and more in the background , which is completely unsurprising for a group of people who were socialized as girls . 
  i hate the oppression olympics . 
  these kind of conversations almost always end up as a way to * not * talk about issues that affect everybody . 
  that said , native americans , hands down . 
  watching a bunch of foreigners ruling your land while you sit in the shittiest parts of the country with a bunch of people who are n't white , but forcibly whitewashed to the point where you probably do n't speak your own language any more . 
  you 're such a small part of the electorate that you can be ignored in federal elections . 
  and then people give you shit for drinking . 
  the biggest threat facing trans women aside from mental illness is violence related to prostitution . 
  a significantly smaller number of transmen share that risk factor . 
  you can still call it discrimination , but it 's not all dependent on being trans . 
  tomboys and transmen are very different things . 
  if transmen are okay with being thought of as tomboys , they 're being a lot more chill about it than transwomen when someone refers to them as effeminate men . 
  it 's true that it 's easier to pass . 
  it is more acceptable to be a masculine woman than an effeminate guy , no question . 
  i guess i just do n't see how that related to transmen that much . 
  tomboys are still treated like women . 
  if the tomboy acceptability is what 's helping transmen pass , they 're not really passing . 
  still getting read and treated as women , and if they claim to be trans , then they get all the discrimination that comes with that as well . 
  trans people are n't discriminated against for being masculine or feminine , otherwise we could just lump them in with effeminate gay men , tomboys , butch lesbians , or whatever . 
  they 're discriminated against because people think pretending to be the opposite sex or worse , trying to change your body to be the other sex is weird and creepy . 
  other reasons too , but the social unacceptability of just being trans is the biggest part . 
  if a transwoman passes , why is it harder for her to fit into social circles ? 
  passing means no one can tell , right ? 
  i use patience . 
  i figure if i fail to remember it enough times it 'll eventually be memorable because it 's so annoying . 
  what you want is a general american accent . 
  there is no non-rhotic accent in the us that does n't have a lot of stereotypes to go with it . 
  probably more common than anywhere except mississippi and the west coast . 
  we have very high rates of interracial marriage , but it 's mostly just because there are so many black people compared to other parts of the country . 
  there are still a few people who think it 's wrong and a lot more who kind of stigmatize it , from both sides . 
   in the 1970s , even italians were considered non-white in alabama by some people . 
  still are . 
  source : my grandmother, 
  also from my grandmother , on me marrying pasty-white german wife : `` at least the kids will look white '', 
  if you study 2-3 hours a day , you 'll be pretty competent in a year . 
  maybe not fluent like you want to be , but you 'll be able to participate well and communicate with monolingual spanish speakers without it being a significant barrier . 
  `` i 'm a descriptivist , but '' is the badling `` i 'm not a racist , but '' . 
  holy bejesus was all that badling on one question or is this a compilation ? 
   it 's probably quite unrealistic to aim for conversational skills in a language in that timeframe . 
  definitely not in op 's case . 
  i studied portuguese for a week before i went the first time and got by fine .
