  any other stereotypes you 'd like to bring up ? 
  monolingual , fat , anti-socialist , religious , loud ? 
  pictured :[ me and my wife/cousin stopping by the church fair on our way to watch nascar . 
  ] ( http://www.thelostogle.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/rascalsduo.jpg ), 
  yes , i have been influenced by growing up in the united states , just like germans have been influenced by growing up in germany . 
  i could leave the bulk of that paragraph intact and replace some words and it would work for any country in the world , including the united states . 
  i never claimed it was special or different in any way . 
  german and french rs are as different from the esperanto r as the english r . they come from the opposite side of the mouth . 
  spanish or italian rs are much more similar . 
  i was referring to the standard german r you hear on tv in germany and austria , which is the second one in your example . 
  where i live uses the third one . 
  you are absolutely correct , some varieties of german use a an alveolar trilled r , but if you search for how to pronounce a german r on youtube , you 're probably going to get the second one ( voiced uvular trill ) , which is not like esperanto . 
  french has a similar situation in that some dialects ( cajun and middle of nowhere canada iirc ) use the alveolar r , but the dominant sound is uvular , though not a trill ( again , regional ) and often unvoiced . 
  the standard english r is a postalveolar approximant , similar in location to esperanto 's alveolar trill or tap . 
  the german/french uvular r is on the clear other side of the mouth . 
  of course the real reason i think the german r sounds nothing like esperanto 's is that it just does n't sound similar to me , but that 's my explanation of why for what it 's worth . 
  mash the shift button , assuming your settings are still at their defaults . 
   the english dialects commonly regarded as most conservative are spoken in britain . 
  i feel like this kind of undermines your second point . 
  it would have a big by whom after if it were on wikipedia . 
  why would i go vote if i do n't even get to play the lotto on the ballot . 
  if we use a different example it becomes more obvious why it bothered people . 
  there 's no such thing as a more or less efficient language . 
  there 's no way to quantify a language 's `` efficiency '' . 
  but if there were , it 'd be sanskrit . 
  that 'd be out of place as anything besides a joke on / r/badlinguistics , and certainly does n't belong in an explanation of why something is badlinguistics . 
  yes . 
  george lucas explained it in an interview with leonard milton that was at the beginning of one of the vhs trilogy sets , in case anyone is curious about the source . 
  on linux :, 
  select esperanto keyboard, 
  is n't terrible ( never used tajpi ) , but i would love a keyboard i could select like any other language . 
  i feel like the sufficient excuse just encourages bullshit . 
  i just tell mine it has to be 24 hours before the lesson or they pay anyway . 
  because i do n't really care why , i just care that i do n't waste my time if you wo n't be there . 
  app ( pronounced \u311f\u3106\u3127\u3106\u3127 ) is sometimes used to for a cell phone app . 
  yeah , i 've seen it written separated into two lines , three on top three on bottom . 
  it might look better on a brochure that way , come to think of it . 
  internet fascists often pose seemingly innocuous questions then try to push their fascist views after they 've got people talking . 
  the ireland subreddit had one recently , ` are you proud of being irish ? ', 
  or something like that . 
  not sure if that 's what 's happening here because i do n't care enough to check the poster 's history on my phone . 
  maybe they just did n't come back because no one gave them an answer they could work with . 
  this question is n't too clever , so maybe not , but it made me think of it anyway . 
  i have , and while feminism is primarily focused on women , the goal is equality . 
  the focus is on women because they are more disadvantaged by the current system than men . 
  the idea that gender roles and stereotypes can negatively affect men in some situations is n't all that controversial . 
  i liked a bunch of those as well . 
  i 'm not familiar with the english title , but is \u4f55\u4ee5\u7b19\u7bab\u9ed8 on your list ? 
  if not it should be . 
  you can skip the movie though . 
  [ this article ] ( http://everydayfeminism.com/2016/02/160-examples-of-male-privilege/ ) puts it from the perspective of the advantages of being male , but it 's an okay list with some simple examples . 
  merkel is center-right and very neoliberal in her policies . 
  that 's about as far from socialism as you can get in mainstream politics . 
  beijing mandarin and taiwanese mandarin are the same language . 
  but like you said , taiwanese people often use different keyboards , traditional characters , and there are a few differences in vocab . 
  the word taiwanese , though , can refer to a variety of hokkien , which is related to mandarin but not mutually intelligible . 
  it 's rarely written and you do n't need to worry about it as a learner unless you have a specific need to learn it . 
  pinyin can make chinese easier to learn . 
  some people prefer zhuyin , though , myself included , and it 's not any worse than pinyin after you learn the symbols . 
  i do n't get what you mean by `` just learning chinese '' and `` the traditional way '' . 
  why , because you 're defining it based on its etymology ? 
  they still do n't really use pinyin except to type , in dictionaries , or to teach children ( or foreigners ) . 
  everything is all characters in day-to-day post-elementary school life . 
  you know how to use and pronounce the symbols by memorizing and practicing them . 
  that 's how chinese people do it , too . 
  i like zhuyin because it seems more consistent to me . 
  \u70ba ( wei4 ) and \u8cb4 ( gui4 ) end in the same sound , but that sound is spelled differently in pinyin depending on the letters before it . 
  in zhuyin , there 's one sound ( initial , medial or final ) for one symbol . 
  i also feel like i can type faster because i can input tones and do n't have to spend so much time looking for characters in menus . 
  it ultimately does n't matter which one you use as long as you understand it , though . 
  it kontra\u016dfundamenta , but some people do say `` gepatro '' to mean father . 
  the proper way to say parent is `` patro '' , but it 's unclear if it 's a father or a generic parent without context . 
  someone who wo n't have enough bunkers . 
  chinese characters are a pain to learn , but they 're a real joy to read . 
  in english , the letters on the page represent ( roughly ) sounds , and those sounds make up a word . 
  script -  sound -  meaning . 
  the letters themselves do n't include semantic information like chinese does . 
  chinese characters give you information about both the sound and the meaning , which means that if you know the characters well , you get more information from the chinese writing system than you do from an alphabet . 
  i 've heard claims that chinese speakers ( readers ? ), 
  are less likely to subvocalize while reading , and that you can read chinese faster than english , but i 've never seen any good studies on it . 
  one thing that is uncontroversial , though , is that chinese writing takes up much less space on a computer than alphabetic languages do . 
  you can get a lot more into a tweet writing in chinese than you can in english . 
  in spain it 's the cambridge tests , like the pet , fce , cae , etc. 
  many government jobs and others prioritize candidates with these certifications or pay more to workers who have them , and many unis accept them for admission . 
  ielts and toefl are n't uncommon , though . 
  it 's very different between different countries in europe , though . 
  germany uses the toeic and lcci more than most places while the cambridge tests are near unheard of , hungary has the euro tests i 've never seen anywhere else . 
  there is no answer for europe . 
  if you did n't want to spend some of your time reporting problems with something , you should n't have used the beta . 
  if you were going to be frustrated by mistakes , you should n't have used the beta . 
  if you want to insult the authors without providing anything constructive , you 're an asshole . 
  if you expect to hear about your suggestions immediately and get frustrated when you do n't , you 're entitled . 
  look , i 'm ambivalent about duolingo at the best of times , but you seem to have fundamentally misunderstood what a beta is and what to expect from a test version of something free . 
  sport1 to broadcast eu lcs final, 
  first dota 2 , now lol !, 
  yesterday , 10:00 a.m. 
  league of legends, 
  sport1 is working together with summoner 's inn to bring the lcs finals to tv : the largest sports network will be reporting on the games live from krakow on sunday . 
  in june , sport1 took a risk and brought esports to tv : the esl one frankfurt 2016 dota 2 competition was broadcast live . 
  now the sports network has taken the next step and added league of legends to the list .
