  well , gehen is similar to the word go , but not exactly . 
  that never shows up on these lists . 
  tagesschau is also great for a short news round-up . 
  deutsche welle is so-so , but depending on your interests might be worth reading . 
  the only good resources for the dialects i 'm familiar with are from glossika . 
  they have hokkien , hakka , and wenzhounese , which is a type of wu . 
   most of them are learning english anyway and becoming competent bilinguals . 
  [ you must be joking . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_english-speaking_population ) china has one of the lowest percentages of english speakers in the world . 
  what are you on about ? 
  everything after your title is extremely hard to understand . 
  you 're a christian , but you want to get drunk and high ? 
  and you do n't want people to rip on you for being christian ? 
  did i get the gist ? 
  why did you say any of this on a forum about latin ? 
   maybe all of you are cool and that did n't need to be said , but if it has any chance of helping just one person that 's good enough for me . 
  reality check , your ramblings are n't helping anyone . 
  vinolentia is just being drunk on wine . 
  no idea what claudius has to do with it in the bible . 
  i searched through the vulgate but i do n't see the passage you 're referring to . 
  because i ca n't understand your writing . 
  the new stephen chow movies are originally in mandarin , fyi . 
  not as many as you 'd think . 
  the resources in mandarin are still pretty sparse and not particularly good , when they exist at all . 
  i do n't think this is relevant to / r/latin . 
  it 's more of a sunday school question . 
  would you like to clarify your question about latin ? 
  you remind me of a poster a while back who was tripping or something and was convinced they had discovered how to interpret ancient greek . 
  your writing has the hallmarks of an insane person . 
  the person above you thinks your involvement with psychadelics and religion has caused or exacerbated this problem , and is using you as an example to encourage other people not to try drugs and religion . 
  that 's how i took it , anyway . 
  yeah , there are tons . 
  i was just trying to get the duolingo languages . 
  the manchu considered kissing a sexual act , so mothers would show affection to their male children by fellating them . 
  was that child abuse ? 
  a lot of high-ranking schools do n't give as many academic scholarships because they do n't need to . 
  they have the name recognition and prestige the get the quality of students they want without having to offer academic scholarships . 
  most do offer needs-based and athletic scholarships , though . 
   large number of speakers ? 
  most of them are learning english anyway and becoming competent bilinguals . 
  i see . 
  sounded to me like you said most chinese speakers were becoming competent bilinguals . 
  both the uk and the european charter for minority languages recognize scots as a separate language . 
  that 's about as formal as you can get . 
  both [ irish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_declension#nouns ) and [ welsh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_language#morphology ) have grammatical gender . 
  if there is , it 's very high . 
  [ this person ] ( http://how-to-learn-any-language.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?tid=33590&amp;pn=1 ) learned 200 words of swedish every day . 
  the old testament is hebrew and a little aramaic , the new testament is greek . 
  there 's a lot of scholarship on this . 
  it 's not really an opinion . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biblical_languages ) is a quick overview . 
  you did n't need a qualifying statement . 
  you could have just picked a less misleading statement to begin with . 
  the difference between half a billion people and a few abcs , etc. 
  is notable even outside of academic essays . 
  lauch is also a word for a wimp , but i do n't think that 's part of the joke here . 
  it 's funny because she 's being socially unacceptable , as far as i can tell . 
  they have two letters claiming responsibility , one from islamists and one from anti-fa . 
  they kept a log of it , and the fact that they already knew a related language makes me inclined to believe it . 
  their numbers for time spent match mine with comparable amounts of reviews , though i never add 200 a day for that long . 
  take that up with the user keeping the log . 
  i do n't see much of a point in doubting it , but if it seems unreasonable to you then do n't believe it . 
  neither of us have enough information to prove our points . 
  at that level i 'd just shadow audiobooks . 
  pick something interesting , get the audiobook , and start shadowing . 
  i did it with game of thrones in spanish and it helped a lot . 
  do you think my experience memorizing things is inferior to yours ? 
  was n't it 3000 ? 
  either way , yes , if it were dutch or portuguese . 
  i meant the op of the thread i linked . 
  they said they did 3000 in 15 days , then took a break to catch up on reviews . 
  that sounds very possible to me . 
  what do you mean by superlatives ? 
  [ fantasy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_gaelic#/media/file:scots_lang-en.svg ) . 
  gaelic was n't spoken in all of scotland , but it was in most of it . 
  they 're not accepting new members anymore , though . 
  how does it not teach you grammar ? 
  i 've never used the german tree , but the other ones i 've tried all teach grammar . 
  yeah , i think that 's just an app issue . 
  there are lessons that teach genders and cases on the web version . 
  i 'm not into the random sentences either , but they are designed that way , not randomly generated . 
  the idea is that bizarre sentences make it easier to remember things , apparently . 
  inter-generational language transmission has been interrupted at unprecedented levels in china . 
  even wu , which had 80 million speakers , could be endangered within a couple of generations . 
  cantonese is in a much better position due to its prestige and hk 's political situation , but both of those conditions are trending towards assimilation to the mainland . 
  it 's not dying the same way inari sami is , but the situation does n't exactly look positive , either . 
  this is n't necessarily bad advice , though some of it is limited and the fluff is just wrong at times , as qichin pointed it . 
  to add to that , presidente can be feminine as well . 
  la presidenta is more common , but la presidente occurs pretty frequently , too . 
  a lot of people underestimate the amount of time it takes to get good at mnemonic devices . 
  even people who start with mnemonic skills already do n't particularly impress me with their language learning ability . 
  learning vocabulary quickly is undoubtedly a great help , but it 's still just one facet of language learning . 
  unless someone is interested in learning mnemonic techniques for other reasons as well , it 's a bit overkill for language learning . 
  i 've heard natives say `` how it look ( s ) like '' or `` how it sound ( s ) like '' so many times i almost do n't even notice it any more . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's an aave thing . 
  spanish is the unvoiced velar / x / , whereas french is the voiced uvular / \u0281 / . 
  sometimes it sounds like unvoiced uvular / \u03c7 / in french , though , which makes it sound even more similar . 
  the only difference is the location in the mouth . 
  it 's a bit farther back in french . 
  this technique is more useful for learning the rolled version like they use in paris , but it will at least get you using the right part of your mouth , which is probably what 's causing the hang-up .
