  yes , so chinese media present chinese people in a positive light , and hollywood does n't . 
  op was arguing that asian movies portray asians as inferior , which is by and large not true . 
  nashville seems to be the place for young people with degrees to go . 
  i do n't know that much about alabama as a whole , but you do n't stay near where i grew up if you have a good education because there 's quite literally nothing to do . 
  i did n't stay , either . 
  besides nashville , huntsville is another area that sucks up a lot of the educated people . 
  huntsville brings in a lot from out of state , too . 
  i think it 's impossible to give an answer for the general public . 
  white conservative ? 
  hate . 
  black moderate ? 
  critically respect . 
  leftist ( of any race ) ? 
  pretty positive view , even if you do n't necessarily agree . 
  white nationalists tend to like malcolm x as much or more than leftists . 
  how people view malcolm x is generally a reflection of their political views more broadly . 
  there are exceptions , of course , but the point is he 's too controversial to be viewed one way by the general public . 
  i 'm personally a big fan and think extremist movements did more to improve the status of black people than non-violence . 
  mlk was the release valve the government looked to when they started losing the battle for the support of big-city-dwelling black americans to groups like the black panthers . 
  that 's most certainly not the dominant view , if there is one , though . 
  the south should be an independent country . 
  i have nothing more in common with an average new yorker or californian than i do with a brit . 
  not that i hate either group , but we have very different values and cultures . 
  i never had much exposure to yankees as a kid , but the more i do , the less i think we need to be involved in the same government . 
  the midwest can join if they want , they seem pretty reasonable . 
  the negatives were mostly from western media , not asian media , were n't they ? 
  op did n't say that western media portrays asians negatively . 
  everyone knows that . 
  op said asian movies portray asians as inferior , which nothing in your link seems to support . 
  redneck is a rural , white person . 
  they do n't have to be poor ( though they certainly can be ) , but they 're generally not wealthy , either . 
  most of the stereotypes are just stereotypes of rural people : they drive trucks , they like hunting and fishing , they listen to country music , and they generally support some kind of reactionary politics if they 're interested . 
  redneck is often used as a derogatory term , but there have been successful efforts to reclaim it . 
  a hillbilly is someone from the appalachians or ozarks . 
  there is a lot of overlap with rednecks , but some people may consider themself one and not the other . 
  to me , the word has positive connotations that redneck does n't , especially as it relates to the unique culture , music , and traditions of appalachia . 
  it also has negative stereotypes specific to the region that redneck does n't , but people do n't often use it as an insult any more . 
  we 're much more likely to be lumped in with rednecks . 
  white trash is white people so poor they have to rent a trailer at the trailer park because they ca n't afford their own . 
  it 's a derogatory term associated with meth , incest , domestic abuse , scamming the disability system , running naked down the road because you think the policeman is an alien , accidentally getting shot by your dog , and other anti-social behavior . 
  country bumpkin is a term for rural white people that emphasizes how stupid/na \u00efve they are . 
  hick is just another term for rural white people . 
  it emphasizes how uncultured/unrefined the person is . 
  i do n't think many people consider themselves hicks . 
  it 's mostly used as in `` he 's such a hick . '', 
  it 's not that common these days . 
  everyone 's too busy supporting our troops and begging absolutely any company to come in and exploit our resources and labor for profit that goes back to shareholders in new york or god-knows-where because communities are desperate for jobs . 
  nah , y' all take him . 
  he 's a yankee , after all . 
  we 'd need new elections . 
  i 'd imagine nick saban would poll pretty well , but it 's still up for grabs . 
  i keep about 20 different language subs i 'm mildly interested in in one multi . 
  i do n't know why similar languages bother people so much unless they 're trying to speak . 
  if i realize three sentences in that i 'm reading portuguese , i still understand it . 
  worst case scenario i have to go back and reread it once if there were any words that have different meanings . 
  seeing the same news in german and then , say , dutch is way more useful than it could be confusing . 
  not an mp3 , but i spent last night fighting with one of audible 's aax files because i wanted to be able to use it offline on linux . 
  i could n't find any purchasing option that would let me download audio files without drm . 
  i just throw them together in aegisub . 
  if they 're already synced it does n't take long at all . 
  if you save everything in unicode and tell vlc to use unicode , there should n't be any encoding problems . 
  you might have to fiddle a bit with the fonts , though . 
  the first time i heard yiddish was in a movie and i just assumed it was a german dialect . 
  i do n't think it 's any harder to understand than a thick bavarian dialect , but i do n't have that much experience with it . 
  if i watch this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w_sxqucfsw ) , i can mostly tell you what she 's talking about , but there are some parts i ca n't keep up with , especially when she talks fast . 
  i do n't see why you would n't be able to learn them at the same time . 
  it would n't be much different than learning swiss german and standard german at the same time . 
  and then it would n't cover your broken bone because skateboarding is a dangerous activity or pre\u00ebxisting condition or something . 
  or you 've got a deductible as high as god because you 're poor . 
  as someone who has lived their adult life outside the us , it amazes me that americans buy insurance and still pay out of pocket . 
  what a ripoff . 
  i think the expectations for english speakers are generally higher ( edit : excluding the `` wow , you can say hello , your x is great '' effect , which also exists . 
  at an intermediate + level you probably wo n't experience that much , though ) . 
  there is no shortage of english learners who care a lot about their accent , but a lot of esl speakers who live in their home country have no idea how foreign their english sounds . 
  english speakers are generally used to it and do n't call people out unless necessary if they do n't understand . 
  take for example a spanish-speaker who thinks their english is great because they can speak pretty well and have good conversations with anglophones without many problems . 
  they can do all that and still have no idea that they 're not using the right vowels , messing up the consonants , adding in extra sounds before consonants , and so on , because english speakers are used to it and are unlikely to say anything , even though the accent sounds very noticeably foreign . 
  the spanish-speaker then criticizes english-speakers with similar or better spanish accents for sounding weird and wrong , having no idea that they do n't really sound any better . 
  i 'm not just pulling this out of my ass , either . 
  i 've seen certified c2 spanish speakers get told by spaniards with thickly accented ~ b2 english that it 's better to speak english because the anglophone does n't speak spanish that well . 
  some people just do n't realize how non-native their accent is . 
  the more you 're exposed to english , the less common this is . 
  i 'm not sure if i 've ever met a long-term immigrant with a thick accent who is n't keenly aware of it . 
  tl ; dr yes , because non-native accents do n't sound as weird to english speakers as they do to others and a lot of esl speakers with limited experience in anglophone countries grossly overestimate how natural they sound . 
  yeah , it was more of a joke about how ridiculous it is than anything else . 
  if pregnancy can be a pre\u00ebxisting condition , so can being a skater , i guess . 
  they seem equally silly . 
  yes , obamacare is a complete joke that forces people to by insurance from the same crooks that were selling it beforehand . 
  you wo n't get any disagreement from me there . 
  there are plenty of examples of functional healthcare systems in the world , and obamacare somehow managed to make it worse . 
   for the sake of being pedantic ? 
  rakino politely pointed out that the orcs were n't speaking their native tongue ( s ) in op 's quote , as you implied . 
  instead of saying `` oh yeah , that 's right '' , you double down and say you were n't talking about the scene op is asking about , which would be odd because the context was already clearly established . 
   and if you 're a more introverted person , then you should focus on the reading/writing skills in the beginning , because they 'll be easier for you . 
  introverts can focus on listening too , and it transfers to other skills much better than reading or writing . 
  i would never want to divide up my time so much , but if it works for you then great . 
  i personally do n't generally do targeted vocab or grammar study . 
  if i notice specific structures i should be able to use at my level but ca n't , i 'll try to figure it out , but generally a good textbook or other method keeps me on course . 
  i also do n't count listening/watching practice as study time . 
  it 's not intensive enough for me to get as much out of it as i would textbook , lr , or anki study .
