  arabic , french , english , portuguese , and swahili cover the vast majority of the continent as lingua francas . 
  besides that you 're looking at mostly regional languages , < 50million speakers . 
  use written cantonese sentences . 
  the teach yourself course and well as the dli and fsi courses have plenty of examples of written cantonese . 
  if you 're level is too advanced for those , the cantonese wikipedia is a good source of sentences in written cantonese . 
  tatoeba is a good source of written shanghainese sentences , but i bet they have a good bit of cantonese too . 
  no promises , though . 
  here 's my old layout : front : chinese ( in characters ) ; back : pronunciation and meaning ( in english ) . 
  now i always add audio to cards , though . 
  i realized it does n't take much longer and is very useful . 
  i have two card types with four fields . 
  the fields are : chinese , pronunciation , meaning , and audio . 
  forward - front : chinese ; back : audio , pronunciation , meaning, 
  reverse - front : audio ; back : chinese , pronunciation , meaning, 
  i put it on the back . 
  i need to know how to pronounce the character when i see it , and if the pinyin is on the same side as the character , i wo n't make sure i know it . 
  i use audio when i can , but that 's my answer for non-audio flash cards . 
  here 's something interesting from a group much more knowledgeable than myself : deutsche welle uses english , french , portuguese , hausa , swahili , and amharic for their instructional radionovelas produced for africa . 
  that 's true in spain , but in latin america most people say estadounidense or sometimes norteamericano ( mexico/central america , at least ) . 
   even europeans usually say `` america '' or `` americans '' when talking about the us . 
  ftfy . 
  many other americans ( non-us ) beg to differ . 
  i do n't see that big of a difference , but then again i think it 's a pretty nice-looking city now . 
  it 's probably more than 75 % , to be honest , and definitely the most important parts . 
  we just always manage to bicker with each other other our interpretation of history . 
  frantz fanon and mao zedong . 
  clairvoyance on their fountain . 
  i agree except for the part about plane tickets . 
  the prices around here are way better than the states . 
  and op , you sound like you 're just traveling , so this might not be relevant , but the cost of electricity here in spain is astronomical . 
  yeah , i just assumed it was their way of telling me to go doing something else for a while . 
  i do n't really see why old frankish would be any less german than k\u00f6lsch or boarisch . 
  ( now that i think of it , is n't k\u00f6lsch a franconian language ? ), 
  i 'm not sure that mutual intelligibility is a good way of deciding what language is and is n't , especially such a historically varying language as german . 
  i would n't really feel comfortable saying with authority what is and is not german , but, 
   who the fuck cares ? 
  you did n't attest shit about the german influence on french !, 
  old frankish is not german !, 
  i feel like the situation is n't clear cut enough to warrant such a strong response . 
  while i agree with your interpretation of current vietnam and its motives , i find the post interesting , relevant to socialism , and i 'm not entirely sure they should feel ashamed for posting it . 
  i think the situation will be different in ten years . 
  the first generation born after the fall of the ussr is already mid-20s and there 's a noticeable difference in how they view socialism . 
  the propaganda was never as urgent , scary , or real for them , and a majority , even if they prefer their `` liberal democracy '' , do n't have that irrational fear or socialism like the older generation . 
  also why sc2 has become a spectator sport for me and i play lol and dota . 
  too much going on for my slow mind . 
  as someone who learned another language after meeting my so and moving to her country , my advice to you would be :, 
  be available to help her , even when it gets annoying . 
  make sure she feels comfortable asking you about language-related stuff as much as possible . 
  even if you 're not real big on english grammar and are n't sure how to help , she can always ask questions like `` how do you say ... ? 
  '' , `` when can i say ... '' , or `` is this right : ... '' . 
  assuming you 're living in a part of the usa where english is the dominant language and most of the population is monolingual ( or at least does n't speak spanish ) , let your wife take the lead in speaking any time you 're out with her . 
  if it 's something she does n't feel comfortable doing , help her out and give her a few phrases which are useful for the situation beforehand , maybe even practice it with her before doing it in the outside world . 
  do n't correct her after the fact , though , unless she asks you to . 
  ultimately , some other people in the thread are correct when they say it has to be her that has the initiative and motivation to learn the language and actually makes it happen , but i think there are some ways you can help her if she 's willing to put in the effort . 
  good luck !, 
  yeah , it 's hard to find people under the age of 40 that hear `` on accident '' as ungrammatical any more than `` who are you going with ? '', 
  you hear it used on the news , which makes me think it 's pretty acceptable . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trying to say that you do n't think ungrammatical is a word , but if you are , here 's a dictionary link http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/ungrammatical, 
  you can find the same thing in most any comprehensive dictionary . 
  my educational background is in linguistics , where the word is used with some frequency , but it 's possible it 's not common outside the field . 
  as a us american , it bothers that european companies will be invited to further take advantage of the fact that american workers are not only cheaper than their european counterparts , but in many cases do n't have the rights and quality of life ( vacations , benefits , etc ) . 
  there are already plenty of european companies producing in the south ( german ( and korean ) car and car part producers all over alabama , my home state ) , ikea in the carolinas if i remember correctly , and this will only bring more . 
  would n't be a problem if 1 ) american workers were n't mistreated more than their eu counterparts and 2 ) the environmental policies are n't as stringent here . 
  tl ; dr same reason nafta is bad , minus some of the troubling history . 
  i 'm far from an expert on the subject , and i 'm very interested in hearing other opinions and viewpoints on this . 
  some unions go toxic , but that all the more shows the reasons why all the workers need to be actively involved in whatever organization it is that fights for their rights , up to and including forsaking old union management to form their own . 
  true , but to be precise , `` yo no seseo '' could mean that you speak with distinci\u00f3n or ceceo . 
  technical literature in spanish uses the terms in a similar way that you see in english . 
  take this sentence from the spanish wikipedia : `` en el mapa pueden verse a grandes rasgos las zonas de andaluc\u00eda ceceantes , seseantes y distinguidoras . '', 
  yeah , i think op 's experience would have been different if he had gone to quebec city , or really most any city in quebec that is n't montreal . 
  or any * nix users . 
  macs can do the same . 
  neither one of your sources seemed to argue against the fact that you can use chinese characters for other languages . 
  they seemed to say that mandarin is not other dialects , which i do n't think anyone was questioning in the first place . 
  i 'm not entirely sure i understand your point , but i 'll give concrete evidence of the claim you 're refuting . 
  i 'm not sure what numerous is , but i can find four chinese dialects written on wikipedia 's front language page alone , all with more or less the same characters . 
  here 's one dialect : http://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia:%e9%a6%96%e9%a1%b5 ( mandarin ), 
  here 's another dialect : http://zh-yue.wikipedia.org/wiki/%e9%a0%ad%e7%89%88 ( cantonese ), 
  and another : http://gan.wikipedia.org/wiki/%e5%b0%81%e9%9d%a2 ( gan ), 
  and finally : http://wuu.wikipedia.org/wiki/%e5%b0%81%e9%9d%a2 ( wu ), 
   other languages, 
  there are plenty of chinese dialects/languages . 
  problems writing one do n't necessarily transfer to all of them . 
  i play arena and daggerfall with dosbox on 64bit windows . 
  i 'm really impressed . 
  the typical online where are you from dialect quizzes are always way off with me . 
  my number one on this quiz is where i went to university , and number two is where i grew up ( half the questions i answered with words i learned later in life cause i had n't heard of them growing up , so that makes sense ) . 
  interesting . 
  i lived in germany for a year , have been studying for about three years , and speak at a b2/c1 level , am married to a german , and still think it sounds harsh . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad thing , it 's just a subjective impression of the language . 
  the only thing it really means is that i do n't fall asleep listening to german . 
  but i guess i 'm `` uninformed '' and have `` only heard hitler speak . '', 
   any educated german-speaker is indeed proficient in hochdeutsch, 
  just a quick side note , this is not true for many german speakers living in communities in the americas . 
  they may be educated and german speakers , but only speak the local dialect ( be it amish , texas , whatever ) and the national language . 
  the dialects fascinate me too , but as a speaker of appalachian , i have to disagree with you about the us only having accents . 
  and do n't forget about aave , either . 
  practical audio visual chinese ( pavc ) is a five volume set produced in taiwan . 
  i like it a lot , and it has more detailed explanations of the language than most of the other books already mentioned . 
  i 'll throw in another good word for assimil , too .
