   but you 'll also have to pay less taxes and on average make a lot more money . 
  the us is pretty middle of the road individual tax-wise compared to european countries . 
  i was shocked to find that german taxes are ( often but of course not always ) cheaper than american taxes . 
  as far as corporate tax rates go , we have one of the highest in the world . 
  i hear this a lot from americans , but i just do n't see how it 's supported by the data . 
  the us taxes the bejesus out of us . 
  healthcare . 
  for real , i 'm considering delaying my move back again because i have n't been doing so well recently . 
  i could stay in germany and pay 10 $ for every day in the hospital on top of reasonable insurance rates , or i could not wait till i get my health under control and have to deal with deductibles and copays and things not getting covered and pre\u00ebxisting conditions and all that nonsense . 
  that 's my reason for the next few months . 
  if people minding their own business is what you consider relaxed and confident , then yes , germans generally tend to stay out of other people 's way . 
  they go out of their way to stay out of your way . 
  it 's wonderful . 
  unless they see anything out of order about what you 're doing ( dog pooping and it takes more than .5 seconds to get out the bag , glass bottle in the wrong bin , dog is disabled and they think you do n't know for some reason ) , then all bets are off , but generally you 're right . 
  seriously though , the need for random strangers to come up and tell me my disabled dog is limping is something i 've never seen anywhere else , and it does n't fit with how germans generally keep to themselves in public with strangers . 
  sorry for mini-ranting , but it 's one of those things i still do n't have an explanation for . 
  it 's just a constant annoyance . 
  i do n't think so in this case . 
  not only are us taxes higher , but they 're more progressive as well . 
  if you 're a low earner , you definitely want to be filing in the us instead of germany . 
  i do n't know the stats to be able to say more exactly , but if your income comes primarily from having a job and you make a decent amount , german taxes are your friend . 
  edit : the comment that is now there is not the comment i responded to at all . 
  oh it 's a lot more complicated than `` germany is cheaper '' . 
  try to read my comment in the context of having to deal with people hearing i live in germany and often jumping straight to talking about how much in taxes i must pay . 
  my point is just that america 's taxes are not that different from lots of other developed countries and , i 'll add here , are nothing compared to the flat taxes popular in eastern europe . 
  someone in the us is convincing people that europe is full of crazy high taxes , and while there 's truth to that in some countries , it 's not that bad . 
  and like you said , complicated . 
  ! translate, 
  the studies that say as much are all mostly measuring quality of life , not happiness . 
  western europe is full of some of the most miserable people in the world . 
  there 's no perfect way to measure happiness , but most of the studies that look at things like self reported happiness or how loved people feel do n't put europe at the top . 
  i called western europeans miserable . 
  i do n't think such a thing is quantifiable . 
  [ here 's one that shows them behind the us in feeling loved . 
  ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/02/map-the-countries-that-feel-the-most-love-in-the-world/283839/ ), 
  [ here 's one that shows highest positive emotions . 
  ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/159254/latin-americans-positive-world.aspx ), 
  compare that to the [ world happiness index ] ( http://worldhappiness.report/ ) , which measures happiness by things like gdp and life expectancy . 
  unsurprisingly , europe is at the top . 
  and , unsurprisingly , most of the places listed have very little in common with anything that resembles happiness to me . 
  so the explanation truly is that they think i 'm a heartless , inattentive bastard . 
  i 've been telling myself that ca n't be it . 
  americans are , in my experience , way more likely to trust themselves over other people than europeans . 
  authority also tends to hold less weight for us , and there 's a big tendency to do something just because someone told you not to that is much less common in europe . 
  this can be good and bad . 
  more diversity of opinion is great when the dominant opinion is shit , but it 's pretty frustrating when it comes to things like evolution or climate change . 
  if you think americans have a lot of conspiracy theorists , you should hang out with arabs more . 
  they can make my alien abductee bigfoot seeing neighbor look reasonable . 
  i 'm not that familiar with the idea of a `` personal dictionary . '', 
  what do you want it to be able to do ? 
  i moved out at 18 , but i would n't say i truly moved out economically until 21 . 
  as soon as i got engaged my parents were like `` we 're out '' , and rightfully so . 
  i would have been on my own shortly after college anyways . 
  in general , i feel like americans are expected to be independent at 18 or 22 , depending on whether or not they go to college and the finances of the parents . 
  i know so many germans who still depend on mommy and daddy in their late 20s and that just seems weird to me . 
  it happens in the us , but it 's something you 're generally kind of ashamed of and wish were n't necessary . 
  the stigma around late bloomers is easing a bit , at least as far as i can tell , but it 's still there . 
  \u039d\u03af\u03ba\u03b7 is the greek name . 
  it means victory . 
  nykee/niykee just seem to be kind of unusual transliterations . 
  in ancient greek , it would have sounded like nee-keh [ n\u01d0\u02d0k\u025b\u02d0 ] . 
  why would they need an outside source to be able to read the study 's own explanation of what it measures ? 
  that 's the same study referenced in the article you linked , as well . 
  note op 's native language . 
  forcing yourself to learn something you 're not that interested in is generally not going to lead to great results . 
  study enough to do okay in your german classes and spend the rest of your time on whatever you want to do . 
  do n't be surprised if german starts looking pretty good when it comes time to get a job , though . 
  nope . 
  i think trump should be embarrassed to be trump , but i do n't see how that should make me embarrassed to be an american . 
  i completely agree . 
  i just meant that working in germany can make the language look a lot more interesting than it does as a student . 
  white_ran_2000 is correct . 
  there 's not really a better answer because ancient greeks wrote things as they were pronounced and did n't have cutesy spellings . 
  i offered some other sources elsewhere in the thread . 
  they 're still not surveys of global happiness , but they 're an alternative to looking at happiness as a function of qol metrics . 
   you can criticize it all you want but until you provide an alternative it 's all we have . 
  all we have does n't mean we have to accept it at all . 
  sometimes the best we 've got is still not a good study . 
  studies constantly do n't show what they claim to show , and the ability to argue that is not dependent on having better options . 
  both sources are analyzing quality of life metrics , so both sources can be criticizing along the same lines . 
  i should have looked more closely , but the result is the same . 
  i do n't think it 's a decent indicator at all . 
  for it to be a decent indicator , we 'd need to show how qol metrics are related to happiness , however we define it . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there are n't any good studies that show a strong , direct link between the metrics used in the above studies and happiness . 
  so we 're left either with a circular definition of happiness or a study that ca n't be connected to happiness defined any other way . 
  that 's an awful indicator . 
  they support traditional social values and hierarchies . 
  that 's lifted almost word for word from the wikipedia definition of conservatism : conservatism is a political and social philosophy that promotes retaining traditional social institutions in the context of culture and civilization . 
  while most americans are forgetting that past participles exist , the pnw is coming up with new ones like boughten . 
  [ ... ] ( http://www.theroot.com/yes-there-were-black-confederates-here-s-why-1790858546 ), 
  the problems you listed are still very normal for c1 students . 
  you seem like you 're well on your way . 
  keep practicing and exposing yourself to different accents and different speakers and it 'll get better with time . 
  when i was engaged to my foreign now-wife , i was coming back into the us from visiting her family . 
  the border agent asked what i had been doing , so i told him visiting my fianc\u00e9e 's family . 
  he then proceeded to give me a five minute lecture , knowing absolutely nothing about my situation , about how she just wants a green card and i should get out while i still can . 
  american border agents at their finest . 
  german border agents are always very straightforward and professional , but i have to do more explaining now than i used to . 
  i still would n't say i 've had any problems , though . 
  it 's a lot easier for me to get into germany with a german visa than into the us with an american passport .
