  this is a beginner level sentence , so it has more unknown words than average , but that works okay with this card setup . 
  this sentence teaches you to recall how the japanese word for `` what '' is pronounced in front of * ni * , the particle needed after * nani * when using it with the word for interest , the word for interest itself , the particle you need after it , and the appropriate copula . 
  all in all a pretty useful card that does n't just get repeated over and over because you ca n't keep it all straight at one time as a beginner . 
  there 's no english because i use them in conjunction with flash cards of type 1 , but i guess you could add some if you wanted . 
  i agree with cavemanplanet , thailand is n't sinosphere . 
  thailand , like most of southeast asia , i think of as being influenced more by indian civilizations than chinese . 
  cjkv are often lumped together because of their use of classical chinese as a literary language , large amounts of sinoxenic vocab , and the chinese script . 
  thai does n't really fit into that mold . 
  i do n't think so . 
  mixing up languages is something that happens most frequently at a lower level , and you can mix up any languages regardless of how close they are , especially when you ca n't remember something immediately or it 's not automatic . 
  as you practice and improve , your executive control gets better and it stops being a frequent problem . 
  the better your language skills , the less you accidentally mix things up . 
  it 's a minor inconvenience while you 're learning , but it 's far outweighed by the benefit of already knowing a similar language . 
  high falling and high level tone have merged for most speakers , but it 's recent enough that some tone classification systems and romanization systems still reflect the difference . 
  i forget which romanizations distinguish the two and which do n't , but what you 're describing is n't so much wrong as it is outdated . 
  as a foreigner , i never cease to find it amazing how much germans conflate legality and morality/ethics , and how strongly they enforce ( what in my country would be ) small , meaningless laws among themselves . 
  i ca n't imagine that mindset going wrong if someone wanted to take advantage of it ... 
  you need the passive here , so the past tense would be `` thanks to virus protection , people were not affected by the malware . '', 
  yes , it 's still past simple . 
  it 's the same tense , different voice, 
  that 's a participial phrase , not a finite verb . 
  in this example , the helping verb `` were '' determines the tense , at least in the classification usually used in esl . 
  the passive simple past is formed with was/were + past participle . 
  compare :, 
  the malware affected ( simple past ) the people . 
  the people were ( simple past ) affected by the malware . 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  using the term like it 's used among linguists , as opposed to the popular catch-all `` good at a language '' meaning , fluency and being a native speaker are not the same . 
  someone with a stutter is not fluent . 
  people with one of these [ conditions ] ( http://www.asha.org/uploadedfiles/asha/publications/cicsd/1990thedifferentialdiagnosisofdisfluency.pdf ) do not always speak fluently . 
  native speaker necessarily equals fluent is one of these things that 's only true using the layman 's definition of fluency , and it seems the person you linked was not . 
  i wish they were longer and more comprehensive . 
  which branch of linguistics is this ? 
  i usually hear it meaning fluidity , natural speed , without unnatural pauses , excessive repetition or other dysfluencies . 
  i 've seen it applied to l2 speakers ( check out grading rubrics for standardized esl tests , for example . 
  you can be graded very highly on fluency and still have poor vocab and grammar ) and to native speakers as in the context linked above . 
  what you described is what i normally hear from laypeople or in nontechnical discussions . 
  / r/languagelearning is a place where i do n't find it too out of place to use technical vocabulary relating to languages . 
  i only read through the whole exchange once because because both sides were killing my brain cells , but i did n't get the impression they were forcing the definition , rather that both participants were completely talking past each other and failing to even recognize or respond to the perspective of the other side . 
  you want a teacher , but it 's a hard to get much cheaper than some of the people on italki . 
  in everyday speech , people use the word `` or '' for the both or either meaning . 
  there already is a word for it . 
  it 's just not unique , as with so many other words . 
  `` and/or '' is only used in certain contexts and is a mostly written phenomenon . 
  it 's unlikely a more common word for this relationship will pop up any time soon . 
  not relevant to english , but the constructed language esperanto has a word for and/or : * ka\u016d * . 
  the more common word for `` or '' can have both meanings , though , like in english . 
  european , which is pretty cool already . 
  it 's not britain or ireland , so pretty exotic . 
  but it 's not so obscure that people do n't know where to begin . 
  most americans will be familiar with a couple of swedish things , like ikea , abba , saab , or beauty standards . 
  oh right , swedish people are famous for being good-looking . 
  if you 're talking to certain brand of american liberal , extra points for being the perfect socialist-lite society . 
  most of the courses are around a hundred lessons and take the learner to anywhere from a hole-y a2 ( mandarin ) to a solid b1 ( catalan ) . 
  i 'd love it if they were two hundred lessons long and gave the learner more material . 
  they only have advanced courses for the major european languages , do n't they ? 
  any source language , there 's not a big selection . 
  esperanto has a lot of cognates with english , so people would probably know what you were talking about even if they did n't understand what you were saying . 
  april fools ' day and all , but fun fact :, 
  it 's called [ canadian raising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_raising ) , and to people from the us , whose dialects do n't have this sound , it sounds more like aboot than like the way we say about . 
  they can say it 's not aboot . 
  that 's true , it 's actually [ \u028c\u026a ] for most candadians , not [ u ] , but it 's definitely a predominately canadian thing that makes them sound funny . 
  it 's not `` lay '' in spanish , but it usually is in english . 
  this headline is just wrong . 
  the article is about pie , but the ~ 450 languages descended from pie only make up about 6 % of all the world 's languages . 
  the largest widely accepted language family is niger-congo , which has about 20 % of the world 's languages . 
  trying to read it generously , i think they meant that almost half the people in the world speak an indo-european language , but the way they wrote it in the article is unambiguously wrong . 
  a lot of times when you 'd have `` das [ verb ] ich ... '' , you just leave off the das and start with the verb . 
  we would normally express the idea of having or sharing complementarity with be + adjective . 
  they are complementary , not they have complementarity . 
  `` have complementarity '' seems to be used in technical literature sometimes . 
  google turns up 11,000 results for it . 
  `` share complementarity '' is much less common , with less than 3,000 results . 
  tl ; dr say are complementary unless you 're, 
  can you give an example of a sentence you 're not sure about ? 
  never heard of them , but against all evidence i still expect people writing articles to know how to use google to factcheck things . 
  i think they 're both great courses . 
  assimil is more suitable for true beginners , and glossika can take you to a higher level . 
  they even complement each other well : start with assimil , then move on to glossika when you 're done . 
  it depends on the job , but mostly yes . 
  you probably should n't be responsible for publishing things in the language , but for most work-related needs , it 's sufficient . 
  with technical jobs , even b2 would be enough most of the time . 
  it is , but it 's not just sentences based on teaching english speakers romance languages , and there are 3000 of them , so there 's plenty of opportunity to go over all kinds of possible grammar structures . 
  for the courses i can speak for , most of the sentences are translated very naturally , as well , as opposed to rosetta stone 's often clunky translations . 
  not keeping the translations too literal helps with the cut + paste-y problem , as well . 
  a program that comprehensive would be extremely hard to sell . 
  2000 hours of instruction for the low price of only $ 1300 dollars . 
  it 'd be niche , to be sure . 
  i think the bigger issue is that most people do n't study a language to a high level . 
  they get to a2 or b1 and then start using it in some way or another . 
  study past that level is generally a supplement more than a main source of practice . 
  think of it like music . 
  there are n't ( or at least were n't when i was young ) courses that could take you from not playing an instrument to actually being good at playing that instrument . 
  they teach the basics , and then you have to practice a shitton . 
  sometimes you then come across more advanced techniques you need to study , so you do it and then you practice more . 
  when you say old english , what are you talking about ? 
  this looks like middle english to me . 
  the cut off between middle and early modern english is somewhere around 1500 , which is when skelton lived . 
  this is definitely not old english . 
   i do n't agree on the simplicity of learning german if you know dutch .
