  it 's an excellent course , but light on grammar/usage explanations . 
  this is a pretty good short example with lots of appalachians talking . 
  as far as things that make it a dialect more than an `` accent '' , listen to the not only the different words ( which the video emphasizes ) , but also grammar differences such as the double negative , prefixing the continuous tense with `` a - '' , for example , `` we 'd be a-waitin on 'em to get our candy . '', 
  also subject verb agreement is n't mandatory , like in the sentence `` old people says ... '' i 'm actually not sure about the rule on this , but it 's definitely not like standard english . 
  i did n't notice it in the video , but around my area the past tense is different too , like `` i throwed '' , `` i flowed '' ( i have no clue how we got that from fly ) , `` i heared '' ( pronounced heer-d ) . 
  a lot of words we just use in the present when we talk about the past , like come and run . 
  also , a lot of words with th at the beginning drop the the th . 
  enough rambling , you get the picture . 
  also , for aave , i 'd recommend turning on the radio . 
  have you seen the fsi guide on learning portuguese if you already know spanish ? 
  it 's worth a read . 
  yeah , the chinese productions like neotv are generally pretty nice . 
  hk is a whole nother animal . 
  i say hello to my neighbors ( not strangers ) every day , and they look at me like i have absolutely ruined their day ( i just walked in from it happening again ) . 
  it 's automatic , i ca n't help it , but i always feel like i 've offended them afterwards . 
  i am generally a smiley , happy person who makes small talk with strangers ( i 'm from rural alabama ) and i get `` what the hell is wrong with you stop being happy '' looks in the city all the time for the smallest infringements of happiness . 
  i 'm in a similar position in that i 'm living in spain for a year , but i 've been here two months already . 
  i 've found that people originally from latin america and north africa do n't seem as bothered when i smile or start talking about something . 
  gypsies also seem to be more friendly in what i think of as the `` american '' way and down to smile and chat about nothing in particular for no good reason . 
  it 's kind of sad , because i was hoping to get to know some spaniards while i was here , but it seems like the way we make friends , meet new people , and interact socially is just way too different to overcome without a lot of effort . 
  i know some of this is irrelevant to your question , but since you just moved here , maybe you 'll find some of it informative . 
  turns out ( as far as i can tell ) the social rules here are pretty similar to germany/central europe , which i know all too well : do n't look at people unless you need to interact with them , do n't smile unless you have a good reason to , do n't talk to strangers unless you need to , etc. 
  funny because i moved here from latin america and for some reason thought spain would be a bit more like its former colonies than the other parts of europe i 'd lived in , but in this particular way i 've found that it 's not . 
  best of luck in spain !, 
  greetings from granada !, 
  actually , official sources put the number closer to four million . 
  but hey , who needs facts , right ? 
  wheatcroft , stephen g. ( 1999 ) . 
  `` victims of stalinism and the soviet secret police : the comparability and reliability of the archival data . 
  not the last word '' is a pretty good analysis of stalin 's death toll refigured after the ussr fell and historians got access to all the records and did n't have to rely so much on estimates and speculation . 
  another fun activity is to add up the specific , sourced numbers from this part of the wikipedia article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims, 
  which wo n't get you anywhere near 20 million , not to mention 60 . 
  big esports fan here . 
  of those languages , the only one i 've learned is german , so i ca n't speak for the others . 
  there are some events that german will open you up to , but all-in-all , it 's usefulness in e-sports is pretty limited . 
  look at khaldor , for example , who hardly ever does anything in german anymore . 
  a site to at least know what 's going on in the esports community ( with guaranteed coverage of german events/teams/athletes ) is readmore.de , but as far as i can tell , only, 
  small local tournaments are ever available only in german . 
  that being said , lots of non-germans are flocking to germany these days for jobs ( of all types , programming not excluded ) , and knowing german is the key to doing that . 
  i used to work in germany , and often find myself wishing i still did , because the jobs there pay better and have better benefits than jobs in lots of other places . 
  it wo n't stay like that forever , though , and you 're thirteen , but it 's something to think about . 
  unlike morloca , i think learning a language based on a hobby is a great idea if it 's a hobby you 're passionate about and a hobby that will stick with you for life . 
  i started learning chinese because i was interested in martial arts ( and kung fu movies , of course ) , and two years later i 'm still studying 30 + minutes a day and watch tv shows and movies in chinese which are n't subbed in english . 
  i understand them well enough to enjoy them , and even though i started based on a hobby , i 've developed other links to language and culture while studying . 
  i 'm sure you 'll do the same . 
  also , the chinese esports scene is one of the scenes least covered by western sources , and i watch tournaments from the tesl and neotv starleagues all the time . 
  it 's nice to have another scene to follow . 
  from the descriptions you 've given , i would recommend korean . 
  here 's why : you like the media korea produces . 
  korea is one of the leading countries in the world for producing media , and that makes it a lot easier to practice and study . 
  if you choose to learn german , there are plenty of news shows to watch and books to read , but the tv shows , music , and movies are n't particularly numerous , and very few match the quality of shows/movies produced in hollywood ( or korea or china , for that matter ) . 
  japanese , like korean , has a lot of media available . 
  the thing is , japan has had one of the world 's largest economies , and still does , but it 's been struggling in recent years . 
  i was also reading a book recently which made the claim that the `` golden age '' of japanese animation is gone and it looks like it is n't coming back . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's true or not , but it 's hard to argue that japan 's influence is growing . 
  economically and culturally , it 's stagnant at best . 
  on the other hand , people all over the world are crazy about korean culture right now ; it 's rapidly replacing japanese ( if it has n't already ) in terms of influence , cultural and economic . 
  go to the chinese youtube-esque sites . 
  half the front page of tv shows will be korean . 
  i do n't know about brazil ( edit : oops , just noticed you 're portuguese , not brazilian . 
  sorry about that ) , but when i lived in hispanophone america , it was n't unusual to hear kpop songs on the radio . 
  never heard it once . 
  i 'm from the us , but if you want a job in the area i 'm from , you work for the germans or koreans . 
  they 're the ones exporting the factories , they 're the ones with the jobs . 
  the japanese do n't even have work for a huge percentage of their own population . 
  also , like you said , korea is the e-sports capital of the world . 
  whether you like starcraft , lol , or whatever game comes out next , chances are the best teams in the world and the largest fan numbers ( per capita ) will be in korea . 
  if you want to work in that industry , japanese and german just ca n't compete . 
  also , japanese is n't a particularly popular thing to learn in korea considering that they 're neighbors . 
  what might be surprising , though , is the number of chinese people learning korean . 
  that 's the hip language to learn in china right now . 
  one last warning which you 've probably heard but i 'd like to reiterate from my personal experience : it will take you a lot longer to learn japanese or korean than german . 
  probably twice as long or more . 
  if you do decide to learn japanese , though , do n't let the kanji scare you . 
  people make it sound harder than it is . 
  all that being said , you 're going to succeed in doing what you want to do most . 
  so whatever it is , go for it . 
  all the above is just my opinion , so do n't take it too seriously and be sure to do whatever you feel like , because that 's what you 'll do best . 
  the use of question marks for questions marked with - ka is uncommon , though . 
  check the wikipedia page on northern ireland . 
  in the first paragraph , it says it is often described as a country . 
  as far as i know , that 's also common practice for the other three countries in the uk . 
  then you should understand why he feels his ethnic identity and national self-identity constitute a country and has chosen to refer to it as such . 
  english has a lot of latin and germanic vocabulary , and italian and french are both primarily latin . 
  but how is english a combination of anything and spanish ? 
  the things you see which are like spanish are due to spanish and english 's influence from latin . 
  i agree . 
  i learned greek and latin before i learned any modern languages to a decent level , and now i ca n't figure out why we did n't just learn to speak it from the beginning . 
  i found it easier to learn a complete package than to restrict the learning to one skill ( reading ) . 
  most of the stuff you describe happens in countries with insufficient infrastructure , physical or educational , and has very little to do with the political leanings of the elite . 
  power outages , wasted food , material shortages , workplace accidents . 
  do n't confuse structural incompetence with deliberate sabotage . 
  looking at its neighbors ( left and right ) , it 'd be really surprising if venezuela did n't have these problems . 
  the only things `` socialist '' or `` chavista '' described in the comment is labor protection laws and nationalization , which prevents rich venezuelans from selling venezuela 's wealth to the us ( or other mostly western powers ) and keeping the earnings for themselves , providing no benefit to the general citizenry . 
  that 's what happens in most formerly colonized states . 
   what chavez and now maduro are doing is n't socialism , they are destroying the upper and middle class to secure control of the government uncontested . 
  this is more or less what ( marxist-influenced ) socialism does . 
  it aims to eliminate class struggle and bring about dictatorship by the working class ( which the chavistas claim to represent , correctly or not ) . 
  not sure if you have access to jstor or not , but here 's an article which disagrees with you , at least on the `` most definitely '' part . 
  that 's fine if you do n't think afrikaans is a creole language , but it would be unfair to criticize calling afrikaans a creole language when the classification has a such a history of dispute .
