  sunshine, 
  i find your understanding of morality rather immoral . 
  propagandhi is a personal favorite , but they 're more anarchist than socialist . 
  and no , i do n't know of a subreddit for sharing leftist music . 
  have there been any studies on the tendency to make place names sound more foreign ? 
  i do n't recall ever hearing anyone say beizhing or tazh mahal ( not to say that they do n't , but i have n't heard it in my neck of the woods ) . 
  i 'd be interested in reading about this . 
  the transition to a classless , stateless society is n't feasible without a transitional government . 
  our society is n't equipped to live in a truly communist system ; we lack education and are inundated with capitalist values . 
  anarcho-communism is what got me interested in collectivism when i was in high school . 
  the more i studied it , however , the more i began to find its lack of methodology an insurmountable obstacle to achieving a classless society . 
  stateless , yes , but without preparation , the people would descend into anarchy , 
  i still consider bakunin a major influence on my personal philosophy , and there are some small points where i agree with him in opposition to marx . 
  my opinion on the lumpenproletarier is not exactly bakunin 's , ( i actually find fanon 's ideas the most accurate ) , but i feel bakunin was much closer to correct than marx was . 
  he also gives me one of my favorite quotes , `` men do not make their situations ; on the contrary , men are made by them . '', 
  this is n't really relevant , but i find bakunin 's antisemitism appalling . 
  fellow classicist reporting in . 
  when i saw this , i came to the comments to say this , but you beat me to it . 
  it is important that christians know who penned their holy book ( which they by and large do n't ) , but calling the authors liars because of the name they ascribed to their work is a bit silly . 
  it 's the people who do n't understand who wrote the bible who are the problem . 
  american english speaker here . 
  this is a difficult situation . 
  i try to use less common words , or words that are less associated with 3rd grade spelling tests . 
  breathtaking and stunning come to mind as very popular things that people say in that situation . 
  many times , though , it 's difficult to tell how sincere or how superlative  a person 's superlatives are . 
  many people will describe niagara falls in the same way they describe their breakfast . 
  i myself am guilty of it at times . 
  i do n't even realize it , but my colleagues from germany and britain will poke fun at it every once in a while . 
  also , abundantplums 's explanation could n't be better . 
  this same thought process also led to an inclination to stop using negative words as much . 
  if you did a bad job , it was ok , or even `` good '' . 
  if you did a truly good job , it was amazing . 
  edit : just realized i wrote that his explanation `` could n't be better , '' when i actually just think it 's good . 
  so you think the word polyglot means something besides someone who speaks multiple languages , which you 've just watched . 
  i think the sky is purple . 
  adults never necessarily lose the ability to acquire languages like children , and as your experience with french shows , adults can actually become proficient more quickly than children because they are more capable intellectually and still able to acquire the languages naturally if they let themselves . 
  this probably wo n't be very popular on this particular subreddit , but if you want know about learning languages , listen the polyglots and the teachers . 
  when i want to learn about growing corn , i ask a farmer , not a botanist . 
  that is a bit misleading . 
  you only say it once , but it is longer . 
  compare `` night train '' to `` night rain . '', 
  it 's easy to miss until you hear a native speaker of a language without consonant gemination attempt to say something like back kick or even ipod touch . 
  at least in my dialect ( which i think is pretty close to ga ) , these combinations of words said without lengthening the consonant sound quite wrong . 
  alabama here , i almost always hear it used sincerely as well . 
  i do n't spend a lot of ( any ) time around kids , so i doubt that 's the issue . 
   you do realise when europeans first came to australia aboriginals lived a lifestyle closer to that of wilde-beast than to modern humans . 
  could i interest you in pointing your browser to http://www.stormfront.org/forum/ , a website for `` racial realists '' like yourself . 
  my apologies about the editing , i deleted it asap because i had not expressed myself clearly . 
  i intended to edit for clarity but my lunch break was over . 
  you said they were more like animals than like `` modern people . '', 
  i love animals , especially dogs but including wildebeests , but people are not more like them than like their own kind ( us , for example ) , and to claim such in most civilized societies places is a fringe opinion at best . 
  comparing groups of people to animals has led to the deaths of a lot of people who , no matter how they live , think and feel like everyone else . 
  i fail to see how they are that different . 
  they have different technology , a different social structure , and different languages . 
  what makes a human sub-human in your eyes ? 
  if identifying your posts with what i see on stormfront is ad hominem ( which it is ) , identifying a group of people with animals is certainly an ad homines attack of a much great magnitude . 
  all the correct info you need is in the other thread , but i 'll answer here anyways . 
  i say the word in two syllables if i 'm speaking in dialect ( for example when talking to family , something like / \u0251\u02c8d\u026a\u0259\u0279 / ) and in three syllables when i 'm consciously trying to speak in a dialect neutral way , though that may or may not be an overcorrection , i 'm not sure . 
  ask someone who knows . 
   cease communications with this condescending turd, 
  the guy in the comments you linked ? 
  did n't seem so condescending or turd-like . 
  you were just claiming things with no knowledge to back them up and he told you . 
  ( edit : the condescending part of what you say is that you 're telling other people how they speak their language without any evidence ), 
   the dialect of which something is said does not take away from the fact that the word itself has 3 syllables . 
  there is only one way to cut the cake, 
  anecdote time :, 
  i was raised in a very libertarian and very christian home in the southern united states . 
  in some c.s. 
  lewis book i was reading ( i do n't remember which one ) , he said that a truly christian society would be somewhat socialist . 
  believing , like many in the us , that jesus was pro free market , i was greatly offended and took it upon myself to make sure i knew all the reasons the bible was against socialism . 
  i started reading more closely and turned out it was actually the opposite : i 'm pretty sure jesus was a collectivist of some sort . 
  i do n't identify as a christian anymore , but it was the bible that first got me started thinking critically about capitalism , and i 'm pretty sure more people would be at least sympathetic to socialism if half as many read the bible as claim to . 
  when i talk to people from a very conservative and religious background , the bible is one of the best tools i have to begin to introduce socialism in a positive light . 
  if you know it , use it , and if you live in an area with many christians , it 's worth learning some of the relevant parts just so you can talk about socialism with people in terms they respect and understand without drawing the socialism is evil obama muslim response that occurs all too frequently . 
  do you think the present day native americans suffer more because of the systematic prosecution in the past or present institutions ? 
  just because the worst atrocities happened in the past does n't mean they do n't affect people today or should n't be addressed as the crimes they are in court . 
  that 's any large group of people , especially any large group of people on the internet . 
  using they as a singular , gender neutral pronoun is standard . 
  all the teachers i know , including myself , teach this as correct in spoken english . 
   even if it is n't grammatically correct . 
  where does this idea come from ? 
  some style guides even encourage using they instead of he or she , for example the cambridge guide to english usage . 
  i find i use whom almost exclusively when talking or writing in a formal register . 
  i teach the common usage of `` who '' in day-to-day speech as correct . 
  i do teach `` whom '' to students , but not until they are somewhat advanced , usually about b2 . 
  i would n't say english is a more flexible language , but it is more heterogeneous than , say , japanese , due to the exceptionally broad speaker base . 
  i believe you stated that backwards . 
  who is the nominative or subject form , and whom is the accusative or object form . 
  in north alabama , no one has that accent anymore , but i can drive a few hours southeast over to georgia and women as young as the high schoolers working fast food joints have the southern belle accent . 
  my high school english teacher did that too . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  just make sure you do n't actually end up agreeing with them . 
  white ( rural ) alabamian here . 
  that would probably go over pretty well . 
  my aunt put up a rebel flag outside her house two weeks ago . 
  i asked her why . 
  she said it 's so them niggers know to stay away . 
  fuck this place . 
  sorry about that .
