  he has a thick accent and does n't teach in tandem with a native speaker . 
  the new ones are quite enjoyable , though . 
  you 're more or less asking the question `` which language would i like best ? '', 
  the answer is , you probably wo n't . 
  your criteria are pretty arbitrary . 
  i could recommend afrikaans . 
  not too much conjugation , no genders . 
  it does have diacritics sometimes , though . 
  lots of asian languages have no gender , no declension or conjugation , and no diacritics . 
  i 'm not sure how indonesian or thai fare as far as homophones go , but you could check out those languages . 
  honestly though , you can find something to complain about in any language if you want to , so make sure you 're approaching it with an open mind ( or at least positively ) or you 'll never find one you like . 
  for penpals , check out the websites italki and sharedtalk or the app hellotalk . 
  i 've had good experiences with both of them . 
  chinese scanlations of manga are pretty easy to find online . 
  you could try that for easy reading material . 
  for listening comprehension , there 's not really a shortcut . 
  just listen a lot . 
  ideally it will be slightly more than you can understand , but it 's better to listen to something that 's not perfect for you than waste hours looking . 
  they 're not there because one of the major sites ( forgot which one ) has rights to them and charges you to watch more than ten minutes . 
  i was so disappointed when i found a high quality dubbed version one day and then could n't watch it . 
  i would recommend uploading them via torrent . 
  the critical period is a contentious issue , though . 
  i would n't pass it off as fact . 
  ancient greek proves you do n't need to periphrase or rely on context to express different tenses , moods , and voices . 
  swahili proves you do n't have to limit yourself to only one ( or two or three ) grammatical genders . 
  hungarian proves you do n't have to use such rigid word order and so many prepositions to be understood . 
  chinese proves you do n't have to use such long words and borrow them from other languages . 
  those are all criticisms of english , not too different from the criticisms you 're making . 
  different languages use things differently . 
  having genders is not more or less complex than not having gender , conjugation is not more inefficient than relying on context or periphrasing , declension is not more complex than relying on word order , digraphs ( sh ) are not necessarily better than diacritics ( \u015d ) . 
  it might seem more difficult because it 's not what you 're used to or like , but make sure you 're recognizing it as a personal preference , not something inherently complex or inefficient about the language . 
  on the other hand , if you 'd like to make the case that relatively analytic languages are superior to fusional languages or that something is wrong with diacritics , i guess you can try , but i do n't see that getting very far . 
  the problem with doing it this way is that someone is adding other files that i have no interest in . 
  it 's not too late to start a torrent at kickass or pirate bay . 
  you also could have given out the read only key instead of read and write , but it 's too late for that now . 
  edit : i really appreciate you doing this , and i figure we 'll get the files eventually , even if i do have to download someone else 's homework or silverlight install files . 
  sorry if that came off as too critical . 
  most of this seems like how the author likes to pick books , which is nice i guess , but i would have said the opposite of a lot of points . 
  i like to reread my favorite books . 
  it 's fun and motivating , and knowing the story enables me to start reading at a lower level . 
  i do n't care if it 's a translation or original . 
  i think whether you read two books by the same author or two different authors depends on whether you want more of a challenge ( two authors ) or not ( same author ) . 
  compare the number of made-up words in a sci-fi book to the total number of unknown words . 
  it 's a tiny fraction , completely irrelevant . 
  it 's like the people who advise against reading harry potter because you have to learn a couple of book-specific words . 
  i also disagree that the books should n't be self-published . 
  that would rule out a lot of internet novels , which are a big part of contemporary chinese literature . 
  plus , learning to recognize common typos , misspelling , etc. 
  can be very useful . 
  it 's used that way in the united states . 
  not sure about other places . 
  from talking to hungarians , i 've gotten the opposite impression . 
  it definitely feels like there 's some lingering bad blood with the russians . 
  however , i think this tendency in the political parties is a reflection of the nationalistic sentiment in the population at large . 
  as much as hungarians may not be buddies with russia , some people are afraid that hungary is losing it 's autonomy/sovereignty to the eu . 
  a country the size of hungary ca n't afford to throw everyone the finger , so the politicians see ties to russia as a way to counteract the influence of the eu . 
  hungary may have closer ties to central european culture than russian , but if the main goal is hungarian autonomy , merkel is a lot scarier than putin right now . 
  not that i agree with any of it , but i think that 's what 's going on . 
  how are you planning on making it better from the outside ? 
  the article makes the case that it 's not a plural `` s '' on the end , but a noun-marking `` s , '' just like the one on the end of `` mathematics . '', 
  you seem to be arguing from the assumption that words ending in `` s '' must be plural , which is n't true . 
  all i read in that link was about how the sat 's reading section is becoming more and more out of touch . 
  i did n't see anything demonstrating that people know fewer words , only that they know fewer sat words . 
  i just assumed the context was some kind of online chat room or something . 
  that 's the most acceptable context i can think of . 
  i have 2000 sentence or cloze cards for chinese . 
  i also have a deck of hsk vocab ( ~ 5000 ) that i imported from an excel list , but that probably does n't count as self-made . 
  i used to have a deck of a few hundred sentences with words i had to look up while reading german newspapers , but i eventually deleted the deck because it was incredibly boring , and i felt like it had served its purpose well enough . 
  i do n't think duolingo claims to teach speaking , and judging from your writing , it may very well be a bit under your level . 
  like rosetta stone , it 's good for building confidence , but unless you practice speaking you wo n't learn to speak . 
  from what i 've seen of duo , it 's a good introduction , but it 's definitely not something that can make you comfortable speaking by itself . 
  are you in the us now ? 
  if so , you 'll have plenty of opportunities to practice speaking . 
  if not , check out italki or hellotalk and practice speaking before you move . 
  i 'm sorry duolingo did n't do what you had hoped , but i would n't worry about it too much . 
  do n't be shy , most americans are n't going to be frustrated or try to switch languages when they realize you 're learning english . 
  just smile , try to talk around/explain things you do n't know how to say , and people will usually be happy to help . 
  i only know the basics of how to write . 
  i can reproduce stroke order and have no problems writing a character i 'm looking at , but i can hardly handwrite anything from memory . 
  i do n't feel like it 's negatively impacted me at all . 
  i do n't struggle to recognize characters ( only know 2500ish , so take that with a grain of salt ) , have no problems looking up characters by radical , and feel like i saved a lot of time not bothering to spend hours copying characters out by hand . 
  i do n't write much by hand in any language , so i do n't see why chinese would be any different . 
  no need to learn a skill i wo n't use , especially when it would require such a large time investment . 
  what kind of deeper understanding can you get through handwriting ? 
  you learn to recognize radicals whether you write by hand or not . 
   spacing between words , sizing the individual parts of a word proportionately , fooling around with stroke order and writing in cursive style . 
  you notice the subtle angles of ticks and lines . 
  you notice patterns more . 
  the person i was responding to was making the case that writing by hand increased your ability to understand literature . 
  i agree with the part i quoted , but i guess my question is , why should those things be important to me ? 
  ( reading handwriting excluded , seems pretty straightforward ) how will they improve my reading ? 
   the more connections , neurally , you have to a word , the better . 
  those who write have that extra connection . 
  as long as someone has enough connections to remember the word , what 's the advantage of having the writing connections ? 
  in the time i would have spent writing , i can get a whole bunch more new connections and contexts by reading . 
  wow , the comments on that article are atrocious . 
  it 's a sad truth that people sometimes need violence to defend themselves , but i respect the man even more for being able to defend himself without having to actually pull the trigger . 
  that 's mandarin . 
  where in the song did you see the subtitles not lining up ? 
  her accent is definitely not textbook prc mandarin , though .
