  this is one of those things that can be measured . 
  dutch people need fewer hours of german study to be able to speak the language than people who speak other languages . 
  it may seem different if you grew up around it and it 's your standard for comparison , but it 's less different and thus simpler than any other major language . 
  for spanish , there are lots of country/area subs that mostly are mostly spanish-speaking . 
  / r/mexico , / r/chile , / r/estadosunidos , / r/puertorico , and so on . 
  there is / r/russia , but it 's bilingual . 
  pikabu.ru is probably the closest active thing to reddit . 
  german has a lot of different subreddits . 
  check the links at / r/de . 
  i just read ptt instead of reddit for chinese . 
  not only are chinese people scarce on reddit , everything about china is polarized as all get out . 
  / r/china asks users to post in english and is extremely expat-dominated , and / r/sino is full of somehow-nationalistic-for-a-foreign-country abcs/bbcs/cbcs / etc. 
  who mostly complain about / r/china . 
  i think esperanto has a couple of subs , but the only one i 'm still subbed to is / r/linukso . 
  / r/esperanto probably has sidebar links . 
  the forums here are n't as active as the ones at lernu , though . 
  japanese has / r/newsokur . 
  when most people say foodie , they are talking about higher end establishments than i usually frequent , but joe 's walkhard barbecue in collinsville is a favorite of mine . 
  they have good pulled pork sandwiches and mountain dew . 
  ca n't ask for more than that . 
  there 's a similarly named tim 's walkhard barbecue down in leesburg . 
  it 's good too , but i generally prefer the one in collinsville , do n't know why . 
  i only see advanced courses for english , german , italian , arabic , spanish , and russian on the french website . 
  yeah , the most popular european languages . 
  that 's nice if you 're learning a popular european language , but it 's a fraction of what glossika offers and is definitely not `` most languages . '', 
  in my experience , talking to uneducated native speakers is way better practice because they do n't bother slowing down or talking to you in simple language . 
  what 's keeping you from putting , say , 10 sentences per day in anki ? 
  at 2 sentences , you 're just not getting enough exposure to the language per day . 
  you need to get some reviews piling up , probably at least around an hour 's worth a day . 
  or like henkkles said , follow one of their schedules . 
  beautiful . 
  top notch badling . 
  andalusian spanish has to be more economical because people speak it on the streets because of the weather ? 
  who even comes up with shit like this ? 
  andalusian is more evolved and further from latin . 
  you can say more in two hours of speaking andalusian than you can in two hours of speaking spanish , because they leave out sounds , i guess ? 
  i think the creator of the video forgot to factor in how much time they spend saying t\u00edo and t\u00eda . 
  470 million spanish speakers speak andalusian , apparently . 
  las shares some features with andalusian . 
  i can see that . 
  funnily/sadly enough , of all the claims so far this seems to be the most reasonable . 
  glossika has more content than the assimil perfectionnement series . 
  the beginning is simpler than what you 'll find in the perfectionnement books , but later sentences are more advanced . 
  the glossika business courses are even more advanced . 
  glossika is higher level and has more content than almost anything out there except some of the more robust fsi courses . 
  how fast we are in and out of restaurants is something i have n't seen anywhere else . 
  americans tend to eat and go . 
  umlauts are used to make things look more foreign in the us . 
  what 's so cringeworthy about it ? 
  german does the same thing all the time , using pseudo-english words to make products seem cool . 
  bodybag comes to mind first . 
  any department store will be full of questionable anglicisms in the ads . 
  i do n't think it 's bad english , i just think it 's how germans advertise things . 
  same thing with americans . 
  you could say both of them are wrong , but then basically every country is wrong for `` incorrectly '' using foreign words . 
  it 's a consistent view , but thinking marketing is wrong seems fairly pointless to me . 
  i 'm still not over the photography studio that advertised a valentine shooting . 
  puts his arms around their shoulders or throws his arms around their shoulders , i 'd say, 
  portman is a great actor but i 've never seen her have sexual tension or chemistry with anyone , in any movie , ever . 
  when she tries , it falls flat . 
  why are you advocating 30 min per day ? 
  thank you . 
  i was about to jump on the `` there 's no conversion it 's not like dog years '' train and never would have realized this myself . 
  i 've been here for years and still do n't understand how germans are n't chronically dehydrated . 
  i had no speaking exams in latin . 
  i had oral exams where i had to talk and answer questions in english about a passage i had translated as part of a written test . 
  i had oral exams about roman history , culture , and whatnot because i was a classics major , but no tests where i had to speak latin . 
  could someone explain this to an non-irish person ? 
  i feel like [ this ] ( http://1.images.southparkstudios.com/blogs/southparkstudios.com/files/2014/08/1305_3_kanye_genius.gif ) trying to put together the joke right now . 
  no , but my five second google indicates it 's a soft-boiled egg filled with asparagus . 
  am i close ? 
  i 'm american , if that helps . 
  you do n't drive through small towns with bored cops , do you ? 
  i was riding with a guy who got pulled over for going 12km/h over the speed limit a couple of weeks ago . 
  it 's not a big deal though op . 
  you can usually just pay it on the spot . 
  i do n't know exactly how common it is , but i 've also been pulled over by zoll just coming back over the dutch border . 
  you can often ( but not always ) tell by looking at the article in the singular . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.dummies.com/languages/german/identifying-a-german-words-gender/ ) covers how to tell the gender of nominative singular nouns . 
  ankidroid is free and syncs with your desktop version , so you can use it anywhere and not lose progress . 
  you probably want to try it out with a shared deck first , and then possibly make your own after you figure out how it works a bit . 
  this is a very serious response to a lighthearted comment . 
  i 'd like to congratulate you on your germanness , born or learned . 
  my reasons have nothing to do with anything in your last paragraph . 
  i think they only set up speed traps * manned by people * if they have nothing better to do . 
  there are blitzer everywhere . 
  heh , there 's one little town with a mobile blitzer they put in a different place every day , but there 's always two cops just chilling next to it drinking coffee for no apparent reason . 
  it 's a common american joke because small towns are known for having speed traps . 
  i have never seen a manned speed trap ( not a blitzer ) in a german city . 
  it 's always rinkydink towns . 
  is using people more effective than cameras ? 
  does n't seem like it . 
  they do n't charge you any more , as far as i know . 
  so why the humans ? 
  probably the same reason 12 emergency vehicles came to put out an old shed burned down near my house a couple of weeks ago . 
  one fire truck put out the fire , the fire chief had a case of beer with my neighbor , and everyone else just kind of stood around . 
   ... and yet you defend your lighthearted comment . 
  you seemed to be making the case that speeding was bad , which was n't really what i was talking about . 
  i figured i 'd clarify . 
  if those reasons are the best they 've got , that still falls well into `` nothing better to do '' in my mind .
