  / ts / and / t\u0361s / are different , though . 
  esperanto has the same distinction as polish there . 
  lysias was my first real greek text , and the language was pretty straightforward . 
  not the most riveting material , but the cases were pretty funny sometimes . 
  there 's nothing about lojban more complicated than what most people will study in high school math . 
  lojban is certainly weird compared to natural languages , but i would n't say there are more rules or that it 's more complex . 
   lojban is logical . 
  lojban 's grammar is based on logical principles . 
  semantically , it 's just as arbitrary as any other language , which is the fly that spoils the soup as far as calling it a `` logical '' language goes . 
  i know how a sentence fits together unambiguously , but the words are still a toss up . 
  ithkuil has much more logical word derivation . 
  by the way , i was n't asking from ignorance , but from disagreement . 
  you 're welcome to think whatever you want about lojban and we can discuss it , but i 've spent enough time with it to know i do n't think it 's that difficult . 
  i personally try not to use america to refer to the us for similar reasons , but i 'd still never refer to the whole landmass as america . 
  it 's always the americas , plural . 
  do you not say `` the americas '' in canada ? 
  oh i agree completely , and i 'm always down to rip on the us for being the arrogant , imperialist country it is and its language for reflecting that . 
  but there are no english speaking communities that normally refer to the whole landmass as america , as far as i 'm aware , and it seems to miss the point a bit to pretend like you do n't understand . 
  you can call someone out for using a distasteful name for the us without willfully misunderstanding them . 
  any reason you 're going for latin over the original greek ? 
   i do understand -- i would n't pretend not to . 
  i hate to be overly nitpicky , but is n't that exactly what you did ? 
   i thought you meant canada , us , mexico , brazil , columbia , whatever ) , basically america , when you said in america . 
  you pretended like you did n't understand what op meant . 
  i feel so bad for those poor south african whites who 'd been nothing but friendly with them , bless their hearts . 
  no one could 've known they 'd be so * ungrateful * . 
  i like how even today , we 're still more interested in reading a white guy 's take on it than listening to actual black people . 
  literally genocide , and objectively worse than the slavery , apartheid , and genocide that other peoples experience . 
  it 's amazing white people have made it so far despite all the systematic oppression and adversity . 
   and then there 's cultural style , blattner says . 
  when a brit reacts to a proposal by saying , `` that 's interesting '' a fellow brit might recognise this as understatement for , `` that 's rubbish . '' but other nationalities would take the word `` interesting '' on face value , he says . 
  dale coulter , head of english at language course provider tlc international house in baden , switzerland , agrees : `` english speakers with no other language often have a lack of awareness of how to speak english internationally . '', 
  i 'm about to get a little whiny here , just as a warning , but i feel no pressure to change the way i talk because `` that 's interesting '' means something different in german ( for example ) than english . 
  that 's how i talk , that 's how i 've always talked , and if you ca n't understand how we respond to ideas in english then maybe your company full of 95 % german speakers should n't have made their operating language english . 
  i did n't pick english as a lingua franca , and i do n't feel inclined to internationalize the way i talk any more than i feel the need to internationalize american football . 
  if you want to speak to me in english , it 's on you . 
  just like if i want to speak to people in their language , the burden is on me . 
  i do n't expect germans to be less direct when speaking german , and i see no reason why it should work the other way around , either . 
  i already learned to speak more or less standard american english during my teenage years , and can switch between that and appalachian . 
  i speak with coworkers in german and english . 
  it 's usually not an issue . 
  if i am trying to communicate with someone and the only choice is english , i make every effort to be accommodating . 
  i 'm not in that position very often , though . 
  now if * you * want to speak with * me * in english , do n't complain when i communicate like an english speaking person . 
  because it 's a company from the us that teaches us english . 
  the brazilian flag is likewise probably because they teach brazilian portuguese . 
   it is never a good idea to use irony in written language or in formal settings . 
  this is a ground rule of communication . 
  it 's not irony . 
  i see it as a polite way to question someone 's idea . 
  i rarely if ever have run into americans or brits who take it the wrong way . 
   people who never learned a second language are just more likely to not know the basic rules of communicating . 
  i speak three at a professional level , one native , one learned in school , and one learned as an adult . 
  i can communicate , but i 'm not going to pander to your arrogance or your shitty company policy if you insist on communicating with me in a language you do n't know well unless i have a good reason to . 
  i usually do n't . 
   it will be you who will face the problems . 
  this is exactly my problem in germany . 
  i 'm confident getting things done in german . 
  i know what i understand , and i 'm 100 % confident taking responsibility for that and making sure everything is clear if language problems come up . 
  when for some reason everything starts happening in eu pidgin english ( this is unusual , but it happens enough to bother me ) , i 'm much less confident that everyone is communicating well , and i 'm comfortable letting you deal with the consequences . 
  i ca n't be responsible for your language skills when i have no idea how well you speak , and i 'd much rather take on that responsibility myself to make sure everything goes smoothly . 
  i know there are germans who speak good english , but they 're not the ones who wo n't understand `` that 's interesting . '', 
  i 'm more than happy to speak english with them when i come across them , and the standard american english i use with yankees , brits , and other non-southerners always works just fine . 
   with this attitude you wo n't even get to the position to do international business . 
  i 'm thirty , self-employed , and lucky enough to be able to give zero shits about sucking up to other people for money . 
   i really think you should expect germans to be less direct when speaking german . 
  i appreciate it when they do try , and it 's certainly better to try to be culturally sensitive when you speak . 
  but i personally would find it a bit odd to expect other people to change the way they talk when they speak their language that they usually speak among themselves . 
  if they do , great , but i 'm not entitled to it . 
  the same things goes for brits , really . 
  i assume if you want me to understand your conversation about cricket , you 'll `` internationalize '' it . 
  i * do n't * assume everything that comes out of your mouth has to be intended to make it easy for me to understand . 
  depends on your goals in the conversation and the other people taking part . 
  i had n't really thought about it . 
  i guess i would just find it rude to expect other people to go out of their way for me . 
  i 'll admit that the vast majority of my communication with americans is with other southerners . 
  i guess i just assumed that because southerners and brits shared these pseudo-polite euphemisms other americans probably did too . 
  maybe because i live in germany , i 've internalized that it 's my responsibility to understand and be understood as a practical matter . 
  if there are communication problems , i am the disturbance , i am what does n't fit into the daily routine . 
   to accept that somebody can use unfamiliar terms and the like willy-nilly would seem to be accepting rudeness from them . 
  most people do , though , in my experience . 
  not out of malice , but it takes practice to learn to communicate well with people from other cultures . 
  i ca n't expect everyone , or even most people , to know how to do that . 
  watching my mom try to talk to foreigners is an absolute riot because she starts talking more colloquially , not less , and her regional accent is thick at the best of times . 
  i do n't think she 's being rude , i just think she does n't talk to foreigners that much . 
  i learned german living with people who work in the construction industry in the ruhrgebiet . 
  mostly monolingual , they were marginally better at intercultural communication than my mother , but not by a lot . 
  i consider knowing the common cultural tendencies and references to be an important part of knowing how to speak to and understand germans . 
  i think people who want to speak to english speakers should have the same mindset . 
  there is no shortage of germans who do have that mindset . 
  i 'm not complaining about germans as a whole at all here , in fact i think they 're generally one of the most conscientious and polite groups of people i 've come across . 
  but there is a very frustrating minority of people ( the sickness seems to exist largely at a company level , for some reason ) who feel compelled to speak english with foreigners for one reason or another and then bitch about how indirect or how sensitive they are . 
  it 's hard being direct in english ; i feel weird , rude , and kind of confrontational doing it , because that 's how i 'm used to it being received . 
  that 's part of learning english and dealing with english speakers . 
  that ended up longer than expected . 
   this conversation would not happen about any language other than english . 
   but it 's not the fault of a native speaker if i , a non-native , do n't understand their language . 
   if i misinterpret a word in , say , a business correspondence because it has two contradictory definitions in the dictionary , it 's my responsibility to politely email back asking for clarification, 
  this is music to my ears after reading that article and some of the comments here . 
  thank god someone understood the point of my comment .
