  i think i saw an article about thailand doing the same thing , but i 'm not 100 % sure i `` m remembering it correctly . 
  i personally think the l2 english-speaking population has already peaked ( and it 's much smaller than many anglophones seem to think ) , but i do n't think we 'll see a clear replacement any time soon . 
  as less developed countries produce more and more opportunities within their own cultural and language groups , the need for the average person to learn english will continue to decrease . 
  if you can live your whole life in arabic or indonesian and never feel like you 're missing out on fun or business opportunities , why learn english ? 
  i reckon we 'll see regional lingua francas ( including languages like mandarin , russian , and arabic ) rise in importance as fewer view the `` west '' ( represented by english ) as the world leader in entertainment/business/etc . 
  which studies are you talking about ? 
  warcraft ting invitational being planned, 
  yoan ` tod ' merlo is organizing his own wc3 tournament, 
  today , 2:00 p.m. 
  warcraft 3, 
  ex-progamer and wc3 legend yoan ` tod ' merlo has now shown that he is still a big fan of the rts classic . 
  the esl caster is planning a prestigious wc3 tournament , the warcraft ting invitational . 
  the event is financing itself primarily through crowdfunding . 
  ting is sponsoring $ 1,000 of the prize pool themselves , with nearly an additional $ 800 through private donations . 
  if anyone wants to contribute or would like more information about the tournament , they should visit the official tournament site [ here ] ( https://matcherino.com/b/tournaments/3493 ) . 
  invites :, 
  by orc maxim ` orcworker ' starovoitov, 
  ua nightelf andriy ` foggy ' sergiyovuch, 
  uk nightelf richard ` warchiefrich ' stuttard, 
  kr nightelf jae ho ` moon ' jang ( if the prize pool hits $ 6,000 ), 
  kr nightelf ju yeon ` lawliet ' jo, 
  kr nightelf sung sik ` remind ' kim, 
  kr orc june ` lyn ' park ( if the prize pool hits $ 4,000 ), 
  cn human xuwen ` infi ' wang ( if the prize pool hits $ 5,000 ), 
  cn human xiang ` th000 ' huang ( if the prize pool hits $ 5,000 ), 
  cn orc weiliang ` fly100 % ' lu ( if the prize pool hits $ 5.000 ), 
  schedule :, 
  30.09.2016 : group a ( bo3 ), 
  01.10.2016 : group b ( bo3 ), 
  07.10.2016 : group c ( bo3 ), 
  08.10.2016 : group d ( bo3 ), 
  14.10.2016 : round of 16 ( bo5 ), 
  15.10.2016 : round of 16 ( bo5 ), 
  21.10.2016 : quarterfinals ( bo5 ), 
  22.10.2016 : finals and 3rd place match ( bo7 ), 
  \u25ba livestreams :, 
  uk esl.tv wc3, 
  de back2warcraft, 
  fr ogamingtv, 
  most good textbooks have lots of audio of sentences . 
  you might should check out glossika as well . 
  i agree with most of the other comments here , but in my experience it 's way easier to make friends with latin americans ( especially mexicans and central americans ) than spaniards . 
  europeans in general are a little slow to open up to people they do n't know , especially if there 's not some reason to . 
  in addition to all the other advice in this thread , i 'd add that you should n't fixate too much on spaniards . 
  as big as hong kong is , there have got to be some latinos there . 
  this sounds super stereotypical , but look for mexican restaurants or salsa/latin dance nights . 
  just be open and friendly , do n't worry about trying to set up some kind of formal language partner relationship ( or any kind of explicitly stated relationship ) right off the bat . 
  see what you have in common with the people you meet , maybe invite them somewhere that would be interesting for both of you , and see how it goes . 
  side note , chinese people in my experience ( not sure about hong kong ) are way more explicit about their intentions when meeting someone , and that can be a little offputting to westerners . 
  i ca n't speak for anyone else , but being surrounded by a group of people with mostly the same priorities , values , preferences , and experiences drives me crazy . 
  i used to have a similar frustration with german culture , but it 's gotten a lot better over the last few years . 
  of course diversity can exist without cultural diversity , but cultural diversity certainly helps . 
  ferry rhymes with merry , fairy rhymes with mary . 
  if mary and merry rhyme for you , you may be suffering from [ mergeritis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english-language_vowel_changes_before_historic_/r/#mary.e2.80.93marry.e2.80.93merry_merger ) . 
  i think you may be confused about the way we pronounce minos and taurus . 
  it sounds a lot more like option 2 than option 1 . 
  no , fairy sounds a bit more like fay-ree for me . 
  i never knew that mary was pronounced like that in irish english . 
  til . 
  no , i 'm not bothered by any of this . 
  it 's mostly just people talking about how they do n't like other dialects . 
  pretending like the merger was some kind of problem was just a bad joke . 
  it 's not so much dislike as that i would n't enjoy living there . 
  i was only in china for a year , and maybe it 'd be different in a big city , but social life was pretty uninteresting . 
  i grew up in a diverse place , and have n't lived in my home country for nearly a decade . 
  the places i enjoy most are the places with lots of different kinds of people . 
  edit : just to be clear , i was commenting on my personal preferences . 
  for the most part diversity is not a choice places make ( with some exceptions ) , and it varies as much within a country as it does between countries . 
  i do find it interesting that the three comments surrounding mine are all from users from the donald , or use black on black crime to criticize blm . 
  i clearly said that germany is much more diverse these days than it was 5 or 10 years ago . 
  i 'm not sure what statistics you 're using , but cultural diversity does n't just come from immigrants , and germany counts a lot of people as with `` migration background '' that are more german than br\u00f6tchen . 
  these days germany really is an immigrant nation , or is well on its way , so your stats may well be right , but it 's a recent development . 
  the city i work in now has tons of black people , no idea what you 're on about there or why you think that 's what diversity means . 
  i can even go get african food in the village i live in . 
  i love that bread , currywurst , and d\u00f6ner are n't my only choices any more , whether the other options are african , middle eastern , asian or whatever . 
  lord knows we still need some mexican food here , though . 
  i 've never lived in an area with many bavarians , but the ones i 've met seem remarkably similar to germans except for the way they speak . 
  i parents raised me to make sure the water was rusty when it first came out of the spicket to be sure the house did n't have lead pipes , so i think i 'm safe there . 
  seriously though , you accuse me of having lead poisoning because i like diversity . 
  does that not seem a little extreme to you ? 
  i realize my first comment could be seen as offensive , but i meant it only as a personal preference and have tried to be civil since then . 
   yeah , like it all suddenly changed in the last 5 years . 
  immigration has been steadily rising . 
  it may be that it 's just affected my area a particularly large amount in the last five years , but everyone i know has noticed the change as well , whether they view it as a positive , negative , or neutral . 
   do you not realise that bavaria is in germany ? 
  i do , but i also defined what i meant by diversity as `` priorities , values , preferences , and experiences '' . 
  i probably should have added food too , because i love eating and that 's actually very important to me . 
  but either way , by that standard , bavarians are n't that different from germans . 
   you have more in common with a bulgarian beet farmer than your black american neighbour , because murica so diverse , amarite ? 
  no , i have way more in common with black people from my home area than i do with people from most parts of the world . 
  more in common with black neighbors than people from other parts of the us , as well . 
  you seem to have latched on to this idea that i have some strictly racial definition of diversity , when i do n't . 
  i know germans are n't identical , but they share a common experience in the german school system ; a common culture which values structure , security , and privacy ; a common set of recreational activities like cycling , vacations in mallorca , football , and sch\u00fctzenvereine ; a common set of social norms including taboos , how you 're supposed to talk to strangers/authority figures and the like ; a common cuisine , featuring things like bread , potatoes , and sausage . 
  any given german can break any or all of these stereotypes , and most only fit a couple at most . 
  but their life has usually been shaped by interactions with this culture , and sometimes it 's nice to be around outside perspectives as well . 
  i 'd say the same thing about any other country , including the us . 
  this applies to potato germans , 2nd gen immigrants ( or first if they were young ) , and generally anyone who grew up here regardless of race . 
  i never claimed that the us is more diverse than germany is now . 
  my personal , completely subjective preference for diversity may be a result of moving around so frequently , and have little to do with my experiences in the us . 
  i do n't know what else i can do to convince you that i 'm not using race as a measure for diversity in this case .
