  if you 're old , you do n't need a hunting license . 
  if it 's a public body of water , you do n't need a license to fish from the bank in your home county , but you do need a license to fish from the pier . 
  that 's for alabama . 
  i 'm not super knowledgeable about it because most of my gun use involves shooting water moccasins , snapping turtles , and mountain dew cans . 
  i never really got into sport hunting . 
  for the non-russians :, 
  `` a drunken woman in bremen tried to take a [ switching engine ] ( http://www.bahnbilder.de/1024/rangierlokomotive-br-295-am-stellwerk-680478.jpg ) home . 
  the woman climbed onto the parked engine in a switch yard , said the police on wednesday . 
  as justification for her behavior , the 26-year-old told the police that trains are a very safe mode of transportation . 
  she boarded the locomotive in the hope that she would be driven home . 
  `` there 's a completely drunken woman on the front of the locomotive playing helmsman '' , said the driver , however , in his call for help . 
  the officers convinced the young woman that her apartment did n't have a rail connection . '', 
  i posted this elsewhere , but in case you do n't come back and see it . 
  `` a drunken woman in bremen tried to take a [ switching engine ] ( http://www.bahnbilder.de/1024/rangierlokomotive-br-295-am-stellwerk-680478.jpg ) home . 
  the woman climbed onto the parked engine in a switch yard , said the police on wednesday . 
  as justification for her behavior , the 26-year-old told the police that trains are a very safe mode of transportation . 
  she boarded the locomotive in the hope that she would be driven home . 
  `` there 's a completely drunken woman on the front of the locomotive playing helmsman '' , said the driver , however , in his call for help . 
  the officers convinced the young woman that her apartment did n't have a rail connection . '', 
  the languages , for anyone impatient :, 
  english , norwegian , german , dutch, 
  spanish , french , italian , portuguese , romanian, 
  greek, 
  arabic, 
  overall pretty impressive . 
  the problem with communicating with english-speaking iranians , chinese , saudis , etc. 
  is that you get a very biased view from a small , generally unusually educated and wealthy part of the population . 
  communicating with people in esperanto does n't always necessarily put you into contact with the * same * people who speak english , but it 's a small group as well and not necessarily a good representation of the people there either . 
  everyone has heard the stereotypes of esperanto speakers , and most of them were n't pulled out of nowhere . 
  if esperanto became the international second language , then it would pick up a lot of the baggage of english in regards to the socioeconomic status of it 's speakers : likely educated , urban , wealthy , etc. 
  i 'm from closer to gadsden than fort payne do n't wander all the way up there too often , but i 'll definitely give the mexican place in albertville a try . 
  the lack of good mexican food in my life is a constant complaint . 
   cool to see a local on reddit . 
  pm me sometime, 
  same , will do . 
  english will be the global language for the rest of our lifetime . 
  regional lingua francas like russian and mandarin are still useful in those regions , so learn the regional language of the region you want to work with/in . 
  the overlap between people doing business in india and english speakers is way too high to consider learning hindi as a language for business . 
  it wo n't be useless , but compared to mandarin , russian , spanish , french , portuguese , arabic , etc. 
  it 's not in the same league . 
  is it not free on the website ? 
  leftist , internationalist , idealist , fanatic , jewish , extremist . 
  of course it 's silly to think all esperantists are that way , but there 's a kernel of truth to most of them . 
   i much prefer the esperantists . 
  me too , and despite my somewhat negative response to op , i still think it would be far , far better than english in this role . 
  i ca n't get over the way a lot of lojbanists circlejerk about how logical and unambiguous it is . 
  it seems like the community is half built on it . 
  syntactically it 's true , it 's unambiguous , but lexically it 's just as ambiguous as any other language . 
  i mean , esperantists can be a little overzealous sometimes , but most everyone realizes esperanto is n't perfect , is a product of its times , handles transitivity in an extremely frustrating way for learners , etc. 
  this was the reason i started studying greek , the language that got me interested in languages in general . 
  i never took notes or did flashcards for spanish , and i only used flashcards for a few months as an intermediate in german . 
  my greek got a lot better when i stopped making word lists like my teacher told us to and just forced myself to read and reread until i could understand the assignment without looking anything up . 
  the size of my vocabulary exploded and my grades improved quite a bit as well . 
  i 've never been the note-taking type for much of anything , though . 
  i like the mayan writing system . 
  more esperantists are fanatics about the language than in most communities , and i 'd bet we have more commies/anarchists ( extremists ) than the population at large . 
  the jewish one is the oddest to me , but the founder of esperanto was jewish , the most famous esperantist is jewish , so i can * kind of * see where people are coming from , but it 's still the least accurate stereotype in my experience . 
  computer instead of komputer , kamera instead of fotoapparat , mail instead of blitzbrief . 
  what is the world coming to ? 
  if you 've been self-studying , it would be very easy for that to come off as annoying if the rest of the students ca n't follow along yet . 
  as the class progresses speaking in russian should become more common , but be aware of how you speaking in russian is affecting the rest of the students . 
  thoust is not a word . 
  doth is just an archaic form of does , and does n't make sense here either . 
  you 're probably looking for hath . 
  thine could work instead of thoust , but generally it 's preferable to use thy before a consonant . 
  go to deck options -  new cards , check bury related new cards . 
  then go to deck options -  reviews , and check bury related reviews . 
  from someone who prefers zhuyin , there 's no reason you need to learn it , but there are reasons to learn it . 
  1 . fewer keystrokes while typing , less fiddling around looking through characters while typing, 
  2 . more consistent symbol to sound correspondence ( not that it 's necessary , but it 's nice ), 
  3 . typing with tone ( again not necessary , but maybe useful for beginners ) ( also this might should be in number one ), 
  4 . zhuyin for slang words shows up fairly often on taiwanese forums, 
  i do n't really disagree with your point , i just figured i 'd lay out some of the things learners may like about it . 
  if you live in taiwan you 'll occasionally miss out on things most people will get because most people at least know it , even if they do n't use it , but it would n't happen that often . 
  it 's supposed to be a contraction of \u05d0\u05d9\u05da \u05d4\u05d0\u05b8\u05d1 that sometimes happens in sentences beginning with \u05d0\u05d9\u05da , but i 'm not a hundred percent sure i got the orthography right . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's supposed to be an apostrophe in there somewhere . 
  your question decided to make me look it up , and i had it totally wrong . 
  it should be written \u05db ' \u05d4\u05d0\u05b8\u05d1 . 
  i just found the assimil yiddish book last week . 
  i do n't really have any idea what i 'm doing . 
  did n't they reduce english requirements in schools a year or two ago ? 
  as much as someone who does n't know the language can tell , it seems to be on par with most of the other assimil courses , which is to say very good . 
  tons of notes , funny dialogues ( some yiddish humor thrown in ) , altogether seems solid . 
  one of the four ( i think ? ), 
  speakers uses a different r than the others , alveolar , as opposed to the three uvulars . 
  they teach the alphabet in the first seven lessons and ween you completely off romanization after fourteen . 
  i remember the alphabet from college , so i 'm not sure how good the way they do it is . 
  they teach the cursive forms as well . 
  i remember reading about a theory , having trouble placing it now but might have been pinker , that the amount of redundancy in a language corresponds to how frequently the language has been used by non-native speakers . 
  agglutinative and synthetic languages tend to be more redundant and have been more closed . 
  redundancy is beneficial to children 's language acquisition process , but not so much for adults . 
  isolating languages tend to have less redundancy and are more likely to have a history of being a more open language . 
  of course it 's not absolute , and if it has much support from linguists apart from the fringe i 'd be surprised , but it 's an interesting theory nonetheless . 
  i 'm having trouble imagining a post that does more to reinforce my stereotypes of shanghai than this one . 
  zhuyin is n't perfect . 
  \u3127\u3125 sounds like ieng often enough , so that never really bothered me . 
  w is just a glide with the same features as u. 
  \u3129\u311d makes more sense to me for [ \u0265e ] than yue . 
  but for me , it 's less about zhuyin being great and more about how much i do n't like pinyin . 
  if you treat pinyin as an alphabet , like many beginners do , it 's nonsensical .
