  it could just be i ca n't think of any because it 's getting late , but in what latin loanwords do we pronounce \u0113 as / e\u026a / ? 
  i saw some for 15 euros in a store the other day . 
  i seriously considered picking one up just to have one , but i know i 'd never use it because i just do n't like the nibs . 
  edit : they 're 15 and change on amazon . 
  if it makes you feel better , twsbis are more expensive here . 
  i could n't find an eco for less than 35 euros . 
  lingq and lwt are more or less the same as readlang in what they offer . 
  i mentioned it because it can be very helpful , but i personally find clicking around so much distracting . 
  it 's much easier for me to stay immersed when i just have to scroll every once in a while . 
   just because some use it in a rare , ad-hoc way to attach it to phrases , and it 's spelled with an apostrophe , does n't mean it 's no longer a case , right ? 
  attaching it to phrases is not rare in my dialect or ga , and the spelling is completely irrelevant to whether or not it 's a clitic . 
  i ca n't imagine why someone with your attitude would be `` moved on '' . 
  the \u4e86 is connected to the \u597d\u4e45 , not the negation itself . 
  when you talk about how long you 've been doing something or how long it 's been since you 've done something , \u4e86 usually shows up . 
  think of the sentence \u4f60\u5b78\u6f22\u8a9e\u591a\u4e45\u4e86 . 
  yeah , head down , grim look , speak as little as possible to accomplish your communicative goal . 
  i live in a small town now , and i 'll stop and chat with people i know , but in general smiling and being friendly to strangers is something people distrust here . 
  it 's easily my least favorite thing about germany . 
  i enjoy people being friendly with each other for no good reason . 
  it 's more thinking you 're trying to trick them or sell something than simple , at least in my experience . 
  as an american living in germany , i can spot american from a mile away by the way they walk , but it 's usually also coupled with the way they dress . 
  it 's hard to describe exactly what the difference is , but it 's looser and floppier somehow for men . 
  i 've heard germans describe it with the word l\u00e4ssig , which is kind of like easy-going or nonchalant . 
  edit : american men also tend to walk with their shoulders back . 
  german men are prone to slump , and even if they do n't , they almost never have their chest out like americans sometimes do . 
  with women it 's the opposite . 
  german women generally do n't have the practiced , walk-to-be-attractive posture that most american women pick up . 
  it interests me too . 
  in the states , i have no qualms about heading to wal-mart in whatever i 'm wearing : sweatpants , white t-shirt and flip flops and no one will even look twice at me . 
  in germany , my neighbors make fun of me for wearing my comfy pants in my building 's common room . 
  i would never even think of going to the grocery store without `` real '' clothes , a concept i 'm not sure i had before moving . 
  in the us , i never felt like there was a dress code just for being out in public . 
  for work or school or nice restaurants , sure , but not just to leave your house . 
  germans do n't go out without being at least a little bit put together , no matter where they 're going . 
  so `` the queen of england 's dog '' sounds weird to you ? 
  it might be a dialect thing , but this is very common in the us, 
  andr\u00e4 ( downtown , just around the corner from karstadt near coffee fellows ) buys dvds and games and such , i 'm pretty sure . 
  other than that , i 'd just use ebay kleinanzeigen . 
  i put butter in the skillet before i make bacon . 
  i put butter on waffles , toast and other hot bready things . 
  i 've never known americans to put butter under their jelly or sandwich meat like europeans do . 
  i would n't butter any of the types of sandwiches you listed . 
  i do n't really pay that much attention to how much butter i use . 
  it 's not a lot , that 's for sure . 
  i buy one of those little blocks about the size of a pack of cigarettes every month or so ( but my partner is not american and she uses more than i do ) . 
  margarine is a thing , for sure , but i 'm personally more a butter person . 
   even burgers, 
  are you from one of those places where people call everything in a hamburger bun a burger ? 
  i do n't get too emotional about butter , but calling the sandwiches at kfc chicken burgers does trigger me a bit . 
  but again , i would n't put butter on any of the things you listed in edit 2 , either . 
  how much time are you spending on it per day ? 
  the more you learn , the more you need to be practicing to reinforce what you know and see it in context . 
  those apps wo n't get you there alone , no . 
  the german duolingo tree is one of the more comprehensive courses on the site , but there is no course -- app , book , or otherwise -- that will make the transition to native german literature easy . 
  i do think you could start approaching easier books after duolingo , but you might have to start with easier books than the ones you 'd like to read and even then it wo n't be easy . 
  five years is a dangerous goal . 
  if you do n't put enough time per day into practicing , you 'll stagnate . 
  two years is a much more sensible goal , and after you get proficient in german , it 's much harder to forget . 
  if you 're not concerned with listening or speaking , even one year is a very reasonable goal . 
  i agree with most of the reasons for cheatsheets here , but i can get the same thing with only slightly more activation energy by googling what i need to know . 
  it has clarity as long as i google the right thing , it 's very low activation energy ( ctrl + t and start typing ) . 
  the only reason it does n't apply to is number 6 . 
  of course , making a cheat sheet is n't exactly a big time investment , but neither is googling russian declension patterns when i ca n't remember something , so for now i 'll let inertia take its course and not bother with cheat sheets . 
  like another commenter said , germans are n't real big on torrenting , or really anything that might be against the rules . 
  i can find more torrents for hungarian or polish dubbed movies than i can german dubs on the internet . 
  they exist , of course , but it 's not like there 's some treasure trove you 're missing out on . 
  very few anime are popular enough to get fandubs but not professional dubs , and again the legal situation is questionable , so there 's not much there , either . 
   which is super horrible btw, 
  i generally enjoy watching dubs , but i draw the line at german . 
  i have no idea what they do to german voice actors to make them so unexpressive . 
  i go to holland to watch new movies because i just ca n't stand it . 
  it 's not just naruto , and it 's not just anime . 
  this will be a struggle 9/10 times you want to watch something dubbed in german . 
  if you want large numbers of dubbed german films/series , you 'll probably have to buy them . 
  if you live near germany just come raid a secondhand dvd store or something . 
  german netflix has lots of stuff dubbed in german , including a good selection of anime , but that does n't help you much if you 're not in germany or ca n't get a vpn to work with netflix . 
  it does have german subtitles , but as with most dubs , i 'd imagine they do n't perfectly match what 's being said . 
  i just got on and opened akame ga kill to check , and it has germans dubs and subs , but as expected they do n't match . 
  i do n't know anything about adding your own subs , sorry . 
  netflix has been cracking down on vpns , but some of them still work . 
  i stopped being able to watch american netflix with mine a few months ago ( maybe more , i do n't remember exactly ) , so make sure your vpn works with netflix before you pay for it and know it could be blocked at any time . 
  on the plus side , though , there are 40 things in the anime section , 30 + of which are series so you 'd have plenty to watch . 
  most answers so far are saying that most people on the left like fdr , while most on the right do n't , but i think that 's ever so slightly off . 
  libertarians ( the american variety ) generally do n't like him . 
  that has a lot of overlap with republicans , but it 's by no means all of them . 
  democrats have plenty of free marketeers that like fdr but not his new deal , too . 
  before the war , roosevelt was seen as as much of a fascist as a socialist , as in the type of fascism that would later generally be called third positionism . 
  wwii severely shifted people 's ideas of what fascism is . 
  i would go so far as to say that the narrative of fdr as a socialist is a modern reinterpretation . 
  at the time , critics on both the left and the right were calling his policies as fascism . 
  especially with the recent political shake-up in the us , i think it 'd be more accurate to say that fdr ( specifically the new deal ) is disliked by pro free market people , and generally liked by people who are skeptical of the free market , either from the right or the left . 
  steve bannon sees the trump administration as presiding over another fourth turning ( long story short : cyclical cataclysm ) . 
  it was fdr and the new deal that gave america it 's last rebirth , and he wants to lead us through the next rebirth . 
  i guess this mostly comes down to `` do n't conflate the current administration or the right in general with republican rhetoric since the 80s '' , but the new deal is by no means praised only on the left . 
  it 's worse than other countries , but it 's not exactly difficult to keep from getting caught . 
  the difference is that if you download a big new release from a public tracker , you are much more likely to get caught in germany . 
  ( caught means getting a bill from a law firm you can ignore unless you accumulate a few of them ) . 
  for most torrenting use , the chance is as negligible as anywhere else . 
  germans ' risk averse nature and preference for rule-following is definitely a factor here when talking about broader trends like this . 
  it depends entirely on how comfortable you are with not knowing exactly what things mean and just going along with it .
