  my favorite criticisms are the people who complain about the character that uses nonstandard pronouns . 
  as if every species in the galaxy has two sexes . 
  my favorite novel is bloodline , by far . 
  i normally just read on my commute , but i chewed through that book in a couple of days . 
  honorable mention to life debt and tarkin , though . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed both of them . 
  tarkin is one of my favorite characters though , so if you do n't find him that interesting , you may not enjoy the book that much . 
  lost stars was fine , but it did n't really do anything for me . 
  i do n't have any major complaints , just was n't really my thing . 
  the book was good , but the thing that really made it for me was getting ahsoka 's voice actor to record the audio book . 
  she did a great job , and as a fan of the cartoon serieses ( sp ? 
  ) , hearing the story through her voice made it that much better . 
  just `` la unika '' . 
  one is only a placeholder in english ; it 's unnecessary in esperanto . 
  la unikan is just the accusative of la unika , but just so you know , the first site also writes it as unikulo . 
  - ulo is a morpheme that means person or man , so la unikulo is kind of like the unique person . 
  i did n't notice that at all , no . 
  i do n't expect audiobooks to overdo character voices , though . 
  the comment i responded to said tajik , which is indo-european . 
  it 's the form of persian spoken in tajikistan , along with farsi in iran and dari in afghanistan . 
  textbooks are a very good way , but they 're not necessarily the best way . 
  it sounds like you 'd benefit from using a textbook because it provides the structure you feel you lack . 
  there is almost always a wall when you try to transition to native materials , whether you use a textbook or not . 
  germans always act shocked when i tell them that champagne not from champagne ( german has a different word ) is called champagne in english , but the idea that i 'd change what i call something because some snobs or lobbyist group told me to is ridiculous to me . 
  i 've always felt like america has * more * working mothers than other places i 've lived , not less . 
  in germany ( where i live now ) , women get shamed like crazy for not staying home with small children . 
  it happens in the us , too , but it 's a very bourgeois thing . 
  most working class women do n't get a long break and have to get back to work , so the stigma around working mothers has eroded a lot since 70 years ago . 
  [ this article ] ( https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2014/04/german-women-feel-need-choose-kids-career/ ) is comparing britain and germany , but you could sub in the us for britain and it 'd reflect my impressions very well . 
  sweden is kind of an outlier when it comes to women 's issues . 
  most of the world , including europe , is still very conservative when it comes to women , and the us is culturally , though certainly not policy-wise , pretty accepting of women taking on non-traditional roles . 
  generally , being from alabama would mean i see more the conservative side of the us , but i 'm not sure that 's true in this case . 
  i sure as hell would n't tell a southern woman she ca n't work - -- out of fear and respect , not the goodness of my heart or anything like that . 
  i 'd be equally disinclined to tell her she had to work unless there were really no other way to make things work financially . 
  i had very few friends with stay-at-home moms when i was growing up . 
  [ the stats ] ( http://eyeonhousing.org/2012/07/the-geography-of-stay-at-home-moms/ ) put us on par with new york and new jersey with percentage of stay-at-home moms , so we 're at least not much worse than the rest of the country , which is a first . 
  also , notice how states with more immigrants tend to have more stay-at-home moms . 
   because both m men and women should work day jobs in sweden to be seen as proper citizens of society . 
  i 've noticed this in other european countries . 
  germans seem compelled to ask me what i do the same way chinese people immediately ask me how much i make . 
  that 's how y' all make sense of each other socially . 
  america does n't generally connect self-worth and social worth with a job as much as europe . 
  being a lazy-ass on welfare is stigmatized , but if you are n't being a leech ( and there are many ways to not be a leech , being a stay-at-home parent is one of them ) , not having a proper job wo n't get you judged by everyone you meet . 
  i once heard someone say about the mountain : `` there are three jobs there and two of them are cooking meth '' . 
  for real though , no job in tennessee ? 
  alabama 's got plenty . 
  you can collect scrap metal , collect firewood , do odd handyman jobs for people , move mobile homes , or cheat the disability system . 
  anything you want , really . 
  careers are important to many people , but it 's more of a personal ( often financial ) motivation , rather than social . 
  if i get to chatting with some new people , there are more important questions to ask to get a measure of how they should interact with me . 
  questions like where do you go to church , are you married , how many kids do you have , etc. 
  are much more important . 
  a job is a part of that , but i know in germany , being jobless is pretty much a death sentence for making friends with good jobs . 
  even having a freelance job where you do n't have to actually go into work weirds some people out . 
  that 's not true in the us , at least not in my experience . 
  no , dictionaries ca n't have every combination of roots that exist in esperanto . 
  it 'd be way too much . 
  it 's a perfectly sensible word and does n't sound slangy at all . 
  if you tell us what you 're doing with it , it 'd be easier for us to tell you what the best choice would be . 
  china is taking over the film industry , universities . 
  all they have to do is come for the banks and they 'll be the nazi stereotype of evil jews . 
  yes , it 's a really important one in the south . 
  you may also hear things like `` where is your church home ? '', 
  or other variations on the theme , but churches are the focal point of community life . 
  there are people that do n't go to church -- principled atheists , people of other religions , etc. 
  -- but they 'll always be somewhat excluded from mainstream social life . 
  [ 84 % of people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_alabama#religion ) in alabama are christian , and that number is much higher outside of major cities . 
  to tie it back into stay-at-home moms , churches and church networks play an important role taking care of children while parents work . 
  not as important as family , but important nonetheless . 
   `` haha , i do n't go to church . 
  what am i supposed to do there ? '', 
  they would say fellowship with other believers . 
  if you said you did n't believe in god , you would then spend the rest of your time in south being invited to church events in an attempt to convert you . 
  source : german wife who studied in the south . 
  i also may or may not have been on my church 's mission team that went door to door to talk to people who had visited our church in high school . 
  they 're really looked down on , and most of them will get some kind of job just to have one . 
  it 's not just a swedish thing , most of protestant germanic europe is like this . 
  i started from scratch listening and reading harry potter in russian at the beginning of the year . 
  i 'm in the middle of the fifth book now , about 60 hours , and i 'm very pleased with the progress i 'm making . 
  i 'm making myself [ bilingual texts ] ( https://mega.nz/#f!71pmuqit!sqk7qelpja9pyxchwxnerq ) and listening to the audio book . 
  it 's very good for improving listening . 
  i only linked the third and fourth books because i need to redo the second . 
  i did n't match up the text as well as i 'd like . 
  i plan on doing it during my second readthrough . 
  i ca n't find a russian version of the first book that matches the audiobook , so if anyone could point me in the right direction , that 'd be great . 
  the version i got actually takes some chapters from one translation and some from another . 
  what a pain in the ass . 
  for greek , which is admittedly much easier than ge'ez , i just worked through a textbook with my class then read a lot with a dictionary . 
  have you tried anki ? 
  the srs helps you retain things as efficiently as possible . 
  as a consumer who , like most american consumers , ca n't tell by taste where grapes used for champagne are grown , i could n't give not half a damn about pampered local producers of prestigious products protecting their brand . 
  if i did know enough about champagne to care , i 'd be able to research where different brands come from . 
  my view on this is n't because i have n't had hordes of germans explain it to me . 
  i understand why , i just do n't think it 's a good reason . 
  and personally , i especially do n't care because i would n't know a chanterelle if it hit me in the face , and i 'm pretty sure a truffle is similar to a praline ( like the german word , the chocolate balls , not the new orleans kind ) , but i could n't tell you the difference . 
  okay , i googled it and i actually am familiar with chanterelles , i just did n't know the english name . 
  they 're pretty tasty . 
  i do n't know what mushrooms have to do with truffles though . 
  i have absolutely no experience with quizlet , so i 'm afraid i ca n't help you there . 
  does quizlet gradually increase the interval at which you see a card ?
