  whatever you do , consistency and hard work are more important than any particular resource . 
  good luck !, 
  look at the size difference of the second kana between \u304d\u3088 and \u304d\u3087 . 
  the first one is pronounced kind of like kiyo , and the second like kyo ( i think , do n't actually speak japanese ) . 
  does n't the - icxo suffix more or less `` fix '' words like `` patro '' ? 
  if patricxo is father and patrino is mother , seems like patro would fit the bill for a non-gender-specific parent without having to bring in a new word . 
  `` sxi estas la patro '' would be perfectly fine . 
  also , if - icxo and - ino are optional suffixes , people who do n't necessarily identify as male or female can just use the non-specific term , which i would imagine most people would use anyway unless they had a good reason to distinguish . 
  btw , i do think esperanto needs gender reform , but i 'm not too picky about which system in particular is used . 
  i use - icxo ( as i described above ) , but as long as the masculine is not the norm/base word and gendering nouns is n't mandatory , i 'm fine with whatever . 
  this issue will organically fix itself over the next decade or so . 
  yeah it 's changed some , but relatives of the same fascists they had running the country earlier are still in power and it 's still illegal to be a communist . 
  mandarin has no problem allowing people to be expressive , nor does any other natural language . 
  watch a chinese drama , and you can tell what emotions the speaker is feeling just by the way they 're speaking , much like you would with english . 
  chinese even takes it a step further and lets you put particles on the end of a sentence in addition to changing your intonation . 
  homonyms are all about context , but a lot of words are two syllables , so that 's not as much of a problem as you might expect . 
  with there being less and less need to write by hand in daily life , i 'm not sure if it 's really worth going vietnam at this point . 
  before smartphones and modern imes , i probably would have supported adopting a more approachable writing system , but now it 'd probably cause more trouble than it 'd solve . 
  i see the gun culture and general anti-federal government sentiment as something positive ; it 's just the other political views that make it dangerous . 
  most members of `` gun culture '' , at least in the us , are prime candidates to be radicalized on the left . 
  they already have the revolutionary sentiment , but capitalist propaganda has done a good job of misdirecting their anger and frustration . 
  all workers are potential allies , especially workers with guns . 
  thank you , that 's very helpful . 
  one of the big problems with the `` have a nice day '' issue is that it 's usually half-mumbled after i 've already turned away and my hearing is suspect at the best times . 
  today i heard something like '' [ incomprehensible ] sz\u00e9p napot '' . 
  could it be something like `` kiv\u00e1nok sz\u00e9p napot '' ? 
  thanks again for the help !, 
  edit : accidentally hit send before i was done . 
  thanks a lot for your help !, 
  though i 'm not sure i need to buy that many cigarettes at one time  i especially appreciate the transcription . 
  figuring out how to pronounce foreign words without over-hungarianizing them but still sounding hungarian is a bit tricky . 
  no background in hungarian , and yes , i went through fsi and then read harry potter with the accompanying audiobook . 
  i actually started reading after i finished volume one of fsi and then would kind of alternate between the two . 
  the first time through , i did n't understand that much , but i know the story pretty well , so that helped . 
  i looked up a lot of words the first two chapters , then just looked up one or two a page . 
  the second read-through was a lot more enjoyable . 
  you might as well begin immediately , but it does have its drawbacks . 
  for example , if i 'm eavesdropping in on somebody next to me on the bus telling a story , i 'm like `` yeah , i got this . '', 
  but when the guy at the bar asks me how much wine i want in my fr\u00f6ccs in a way i 'm not expecting ( or any unexpected simple situation ) , i feel pretty unprepared . 
  i mean , i know enough words and grammar and can use context enough to make it work , but it 's not always pretty . 
  harry potter did n't help much with daily interactions at shops . 
  if they do n't follow a conversation i heard in fsi , i 'm just guessing . 
  another disadvantage of using only those two resources ( that i did n't realize until i got here ) is that i have no vocab for modern technology . 
  i was hoping to be able to discuss buying a sim card in english and the person at the t-mobile shop just squinted at me and said `` magyarul ? '', 
  that was more painful than it should have been just because i had had almost no vocab to discuss cell phones or plans . 
  ( also in retrospect feel kind of assholish for expecting her to speak to me in english , but that 's another story ) . 
  what were you planning on doing after fsi ? 
  i feel like my hungarian still has lots of holes , so i 'm interested in what other people do after an intro textbook . 
  the 800 forint movie box at media markt with hungarian dubbed shows is my best friend right now ( besides , you know , actually practicing ) . 
  i kind of feel like dubbed dramas or sitcoms would have been a better use of my time than harry potter , but i 'm not sure . 
  this is probably the easiest option , and as far as i know the only free option for people with no cable login . 
  here 's another similar site that just changed names to dodge the internet police , so it hopefully wo n't again any time soon : http://www.vipleague.se/, 
  to be clear , i only looked up a few words a page because i was forcing myself not to get bogged down in a dictionary . 
  i also put the words i looked up in the first chapters and found most important in anki so i would n't forget them . 
  also , the great thing about reading a book is that the more important a word is , the more often you see it . 
  i almost picked up a copy of assimil today . 
  i 'm a big fan of the series in general , but just skimming through it i 'm not sure it would help me more than reading and listening to another book at this point . 
  i should probably find a book set in the modern world this time , though . 
  how is essential hungarian grammar ? 
  i have a small reference book already , but i 've been looking around for a book of exercises and a more comprehensive reference grammar . 
  it 's not difficult at all . 
  you might get confused about how to write the / i / sound sometimes , but that 's a really minor problem . 
  the alphabet itself is just as easy as the latin alphabet and can be learned in a day , and you can be reading and writing quickly within a couple of weeks without too much effort . 
  it 's a nominative absolute used a correct and natural way . 
  the `` i '' sound in kalispera ( \u039a\u03b1\u03bb\u03b7\u03c3\u03c0\u03ad\u03c1\u03b1 ) . 
  it can be represented by a few different letters or letter combinations in greek . 
  you should use an audio book as your free reading buddy . 
  read along with the book , and if what you say does n't match what you hear , you get instant feedback about your incorrect pronunciation . 
  this article is targeted towards people whose language skills are n't good enough to tackle works in the original . 
  when i was growing up , i read brian jacques before i read shakespeare . 
  learning german , i read harry potter before hermann hesse , or harry potter before gabriel garcia marquez in spanish . 
  i 'm not sure learning to crawl before you can walk is particularly american . 
  it 's incorrect in standard english from any country , but you 'll hear it in more relaxed speech . 
  so i 'd say `` informal but normal everywhere '' is the correct view on it . 
  unlike whom , which sounds pretty weird sometimes , even if used correctly , `` there are '' + plural never sounds overly stuffy or formal to me . 
  the other answers are all good . 
  i 'll just add the term `` doblechip '' , which means bisexual . 
  it comes from cell phones that can use sim cards from both claro and tigo . 
  if you 're not used to central american spanish in general , be prepared that there are regions of honduras that use voseo , but it 's not as prevalent as it would be in nicaragua . 
  english : faulkner, 
  german : goethe, 
  spanish : cervantes, 
  ancient greek : homer, 
  hungarian : ? 
  i 'd say i spent about two years as a beginner , and if i did n't enjoy learning the characters so much i would have stopped . 
  it was n't fun at all . 
  immersion 's not fun , because you do n't understand anything . 
  doing your favorite stuff in chinese is n't fun , because you have no idea what 's going on . 
  but if you keep studying , keep playing online games with people , read articles about online games in chinese , or whatever you like to do , you will eventually understand . 
  it 's been one of the more rewarding things i 've done ( and i 'm still pretty bad ) , but do n't expect it to happen overnight . 
  i do n't know what your native language is , but your experiences starting out learning portuguese and english from a ( presumably ) european language would be almost irrelevant to starting chinese . 
  i studied chinese for six months before it got to my level of french , and i 've never even studied french . 
  so yeah , being a beginner sucks , more for chinese than familiar languages . 
  but it 's worth it , so keep at it . 
  dota 2 supports in game voice chat and has lots of chinese speakers playing it . 
  playing on their servers from outside of asia is pretty laggy , though . 
  i run into a surprising number of chinese speakers on lol 's euw server , but there 's no voice chat there . 
  it means someone is using too many buzzwords . 
  it probably means you are welcoming and inclusive of other people , get along well with others , look towards and plan for the future , are flexible , and help resolve conflicts . 
  that could be completely wrong , but the most important meaning in this is that whoever wrote it is either full of it or just does n't care about what they 're doing .
