  it was historically spoken where i 'm from , and there are some signs on the road in cherokee when i go over the state line . 
  the language itself has a lot of interesting features , which is what makes it fun to study . 
  there 's only one grammar book that 's at all comprehensive , and since i do n't live in the us anymore , finding native speakers is kind of out of the question . 
  i would wait until i got better , anyways . 
  i think it has about 10,000 speakers . 
  it does n't detract from your point at all , but classical mayan was also a combo logographic/syllabic script . 
  i personally find it helpful to first listen without a transcript , then with a transcript , then without again . 
  but yeah , mostly you get better at listening by listening a shitton . 
  usually i can express about half of what i can understand in a language . 
  that 's pretty much true for every language , and now that i think about it , is more or less true for every stage in the process . 
  actually , that 's probably true for my native language , too . 
  i do n't generally go out of my way to practice production , either . 
  i do when it 's convenient or i feel like it , but i figure if i can understand what people are saying to me , i 'll get myself mostly sorted out to an appropriate speaking level after a while when i have to . 
  i understand a lot more on the third listen than the first , which is the important part as far as i 'm concerned . 
  other than that , it depends entirely on the text , recording , and my level in whatever language . 
  there are certain characters that are commonly used for phonetically representing foreign names , and most common names have set transliterations . 
  it 's not like you just pick any characters that sounds similar . 
  not usually , at least . 
  it 's also common to just pick a fairly common chinese name , kind of like many chinese people pick an english name that has nothing or very little to do with their chinese name . 
  i agree , context is key . 
  do not yell nihao at any random asian person you see on the street . 
  not that i 've ever seen that , but i 've seen a hell of a lot of chinese people yelling halou at every non-asian person they see on the street . 
  and yes , it 's rude and annoying . 
   but i do n't really know people who want every single person on earth to be equal , which is what communism is . 
  i was a right-libertarian over a decade a go , but i 've been a dirty commie for quite a while now . 
  if you have trouble finding people who share your political views here , lernu has a larger and more diverse user base , so you might should try there . 
  i hope people shame them for being so damn annoying and racist . 
  yeah , but if i 'm with chinese friends it 's always , `` why are you ignoring them ? 
  they 're being friendly . '', 
  fuck off no they 're not . 
  they 're poking . 
  if people legitimately try to start a convo with me that 's fine ; i appreciate friendly conversation , but that 's not the situation we 're talking about . 
  despite your strong wording and the corresponding downvotes , some variant of the 10,000 sentences has been around for a very long time . 
  it 's a solid method . 
  but in my experience people who fancy themselves logical tend to prefer some kind of approach where they can treat the grammar as a set of rules to be learned then applied , and vocabulary can be learned in a `` logical '' order . 
  does n't really matter what order , as long as the learner can see it . 
  some of the langenscheidt courses come to mind , or older teach yourself courses . 
  i 'd still recommend a more holistic , input-driven approach ( 10000 sentences , assimil , subs2srs , conversation partners , whatever ) even for people who think they 'd like the more `` logical '' approach better , but what you 're advocating is probably not what the op is asking for , logical though it may be . 
  i 'd still caution the op about thinking learning a programming language is remotely like learning a natural language though . 
  i saw `` an historic '' fairly often in formal , academic writing when i was in university ( i studied classics , if the field 's style is relevant ) . 
  but yes , for a learner i would recommend `` a historic '' . 
  i would recommend sidebarese . 
  i 'd say around category 2 . 
  it might be a little more challenging than german for a native english speaker , but not by much . 
  both languages are inflected , conjugate their verbs for person/number/tense / mood , and have decent amounts of shared vocabulary with english . 
  i used to work at a place that hosted wwoofers . 
  you had opportunities to use spanish , but it definitely was n't immersive , and people who insisted on speaking shitty spanish with the locals who spoke english were generally not received well . 
  it will completely depend on where you go . 
  feel free to talk about your expectations and ask the host questions before you go to a particular place . 
  by the time you 're good enough to translate , you 'll be able to read both . 
  it 's a nonissue . 
  plenty of people who learned traditional first say that 's easier , but i do n't hear people who learned simplified complaining about traditional being hard . 
  and malaysia , since we 're listing them . 
  interesting . 
  do you mean they do n't know how to write it by hand , or they ca n't read it ? 
  i figured most every native speaker would have watched enough taiwanese tv to pick up traditional at least passively . 
  even just frequenting ktvs would go a long way . 
  that 's not to say that reading traditional would n't make some people uncomfortable or read a little slow , but my friends from mainland china can all understand it . 
  handwriting is a different story , but as a translator you 'd only have to read it , so it would n't affect op much at all . 
  past_life_dog 's translation is good . 
  and yes , of course it 's racist , but if i were still living in china , i would n't even bat an eye if i heard someone say it . 
  because it 's just your run-of-the-mill ignorant racism most people do n't think twice about . 
  but if it 's an exchange student or something and you 're in a position of power , please do what you can to let the person know this is n't acceptable outside of china . 
   this is a non-offensive statement in any chinese speaking country . 
  agree there . 
  but if telling people to avoid professors from certain countries or saying a group of people smells bad is n't racist , what is ? 
  verb tenses . 
  romance languages are n't much better than english , but most languages have fewer tenses to deal with . 
  english has :, 
  simple present, 
  present progressive, 
  simple past, 
  past progressive, 
  present perfect, 
  present perfect progressive, 
  past perfect, 
  past perfect progressive, 
  future perfect, 
  future perfect progressive, 
  will future, 
  will future progressive, 
  going to/gonna future, 
  going to future progressive, 
  maybe i forgot some . 
  for a learner , i 'd probably teach conditional as a tense ( would + verb ) . 
  english does n't have the most annoying verbs ( of the languages i 've studied i 'd give that prize to ancient greek ) , but it could be so much easier . 
   reverse polish notation . 
  makes me miss my old calculator . 
  how does rpn work in a language ? 
  you mean the conjunctions come after the second word/phrase like - que in latin ? 
  i ( and i assume op ) was approaching this from the perspective of a learner , which will lead to a very different list of `` tenses '' than what a linguist would identify . 
  there are a good number sentences where the glossika speaker does n't distinguish them at all , so it 's likely not your fault , or at least not entirely . 
  the speaker usually distinguishes , but even when they do , it 's not nearly as distinct as the way a beijinger would make the sounds . 
  if you 're listening to southerners , there 's not really any need to practice distinguishing these when you 're listening , because chances are the people speaking can hardly tell the difference themselves . 
  the vowels that follow the retroflex consonants are different , so it should n't impede understanding most of the time . 
  i 've seen it called the same in china as well ( \u5f15\u4f53\u5411\u4e0a\u5355\u6760 ) . 
  depending on exactly what op wants to buy , they might also want to try searching for \u95e8\u4e0a\u5355\u6760 , \u6760\u5f15\u4f53\u5411\u4e0a\u5668 , or something like that . 
  i do n't know enough about it to tell the difference in english , much less chinese , unless the name is really obvious . 
   it is significantly faster to read . 
  i 'm inclined to think that 's correct , but do you know of any evidence supporting ( or refuting ) the claim ?
