  i 've never had a german teacher , but i know that i personally am more direct speaking german than english . 
  again , i 'd attribute it more to the culture than the language itself . 
  if i want to get things done in the states , i put on my best smile and speak as politely as possible with the person i want something from . 
  in germany , i go in guns blazing and escalate until they get off their ass . 
  or shame them . 
  sounds rude , but that 's what i see everyone else do and it 's way more effective than asking nicely . 
  doing that in the states gets you nowhere fast . 
  i 'm more evasive when i speak chinese . 
  why ? 
  because i can . 
  there 's an appropriate way to not have to deal with stupid requests . 
  it 's a great example of how the culture leads to this phrase which does n't really translate well because it 's a catch-all excuse . 
  what happened ? 
  i almost never see vitriol . 
  it 's normally a very friendly place . 
   this is credible evidence that chinese are highly intelligent . 
  yes , because software engineers are more intelligent than other professions . 
  good god at some of the drivel that shows up here . 
  i agree that deng fucked china in ways no ( few ? ), 
  other chinese person has , but 1 . thinking chinese people are smarter than everyone else wo n't win you any friends and 2 . look at how racist white people are and look at how it 's turned out/is turning out for them . 
  is that where you want china to be ? 
  is that the road you really want to go down ? 
  amikumu is coming out soon , which aims to connect people in person , but who knows if it will have a big chinese community . 
  i went into a store one time and the kid , probably around seven , ran to their dad and asked , `` dad !, 
  is that an alien ? '', 
  middle of nowhere , anhui . 
  i 've never heard \u5916\u661f\u4eba used for a foreigner except for that one time , and poorly educated people are n't exactly a rarity . 
  even the people who could hardly speak standard mandarin used \u8001\u5916 and \u5916\u570b\u4eba ( or \u6d0b\u9b3c\u5b50 , but that 's not the point right now ) . 
  i hear it mostly in the context of sci-fi , but then again i like sci-fi so i might not have a good sample . 
  exactly . 
  so i do n't understand your earlier comment . 
  what does it have to do with poor education ? 
  these probably are n't words she had to learn in school . 
  she called me an space alien instead of a foreigner because she 'd never seen one before , not because her school sucks . 
  check out benny lewis 's mandarin challenge . 
  that 's about as good as anyone can expect in three months , i think . 
  i see why some people do n't want to call prejudice against appalachians racism . 
  i can learn to speak and dress like other people want , and then no one knows i 'm appalachian as long as i hide it well . 
  black people do n't have that option . 
  ( this is only true within the us . 
  i 'm melungeon , and many people in germany read me as arab , despite the fact that i 'd consider myself unequivocally white in the us ) . 
  but , like you said , both sorts of oppression are coming from the same source . 
  to complicate it even further , i read an article recently comparing the way people write about appalachians to the way they write about indigenous peoples . 
  some of the language ca n't be explained by classism ; there 's something that strongly resembles racism going on there . 
  [ this ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/2012/07/the-scots-irish-as-indigenous-people/ ) is an interesting blog post on the topic . 
  it 's a little messy and i do n't agree with some of the author 's conclusions , especially towards the end , but it does at least bring up a lot of the arguments around the issue . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.namb.net/send-relief/arm/appalachian-culture ) 's an example of what he 's writing about , as well . 
  you could sub in an indigenous people and the article would still make sense , but not `` white '' , at least not as it 's generally constructed and perceived in the us . 
  are appalachians truly white ? 
  i 'd argue they are n't any more white than the slavs or irish were , or spaniards in the context of europe . 
  race is a lot more than just a skin color , and if we do n't consider appalachians `` white '' , and i get the impression kaivryen does n't , then there 's no need to change the word at all . 
  if you ask them , they 'll look at them at say white , but that 's not all race is . 
  race is constructed as a way of separating groups . 
  the construction of an irish or celtic race by the british ( and later americans ) is one of the best examples of this , and you can find plenty of sources where they 're literally referred to as separate races . 
  there are plenty of good examples in [ this article ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/05/what-we-mean-when-we-say-race-is-a-social-construct/275872/ ) , though the main point is irrelevant to the conversation . 
  my partner is a pasty european , but she 's not treated as white in the us . 
  i mean , if you ask people they 'll say she is , but the truth slips out sometimes . 
  to quote my grandmother , `` at least your children will * look * white . '', 
  there 's a word for this phenomenon . 
  it 's * passing * . 
  white immigrants in the us are white-passing , but if they have a strong accent , they 'll stop getting treated as white the second they open their mouth . 
  latinos can also be white-passing , but they 'll stop being treated as such if they stop passing for some reason ( could be related to language , name , or something else ) . 
  i 'd argue that appalachians are white-passing , as well . 
  what do you mean by the oldest language ? 
   tsai and trump conversed at about 11 p.m. taiwan time december 2 , which is 10 p.m. u.s. eastern standard time . 
  translator dropped the ball a bit there , should be 11p . m. 
  and 10a . m. 
  there 's a chance it will be sold out through the first weekend if you try to buy at the show time . 
  i just bought my tickets and dealt with the preorder fee , but for such an early showing you might be lucky and get a seat . 
  hard to say . 
  generally yes , it works like your last sentence . 
  there 's a place to buy snacks and stuff , maybe a few arcade games too , between the ticket counter and the rooms . 
  when you exit the lobby area where the food and games are , someone will check the tickets you bought and direct you towards the right room . 
  that 's how it generally works anyways . 
  i 'm not familiar with that particular theater . 
  i originally asked to give you a chance to explain this in a way that was n't / r/badlinguistics or start a conversation about it . 
  while henkkles is absolutely right , i 'm sorry it got a little confrontational . 
  languages do n't pop up out of nowhere , except in unusual cases like isolated deaf communities . 
  most every living spoken language has been spoken by a continuous community of speakers all the way to prehistory and beyond . 
  the ancestor of spanish was being spoken 5,000 years ago just like the ancestor of basque was being spoken 5,000 years ago . 
  it 's silly to call one older than the other . 
  both languages have changed a lot since then , as all languages do . 
  creoles and pidgins complicate the picture , but that 's not really relevant at the moment . 
  the conversation ca n't go on unless you tell us where you 're coming from . 
  and dropping out of the conversation by dismissing linguistic consensus as competing theories does n't help , either . 
  it sounds to linguists kind of like saying there are competing theories about whether or not evolution exists , or climate change . 
  there is no proof that basque is an older language than any of the other languages around the area . 
  it 's not a disputed issue . 
  it 's not an issue at all among linguists , because the concept of a language 's age is n't generally useful at all , as i tried to explain earlier . 
  you can be proud of your language for being interesting and unique without including the nationalistic pseudo-science . 
   what we can say about basque is that its ancestor was spoken in western europe possibly long before the ancestors of all the other modern western european languages arrived there ,, 
  if that 's what you 're claiming , that 's fine . 
  no arguments there . 
  many languages with strong nationalist movements get claims about them heavily embellished , which is where the oldest language thing comes from . 
  it 's not about you personally , but it 's not science , and it is likely nationalistic , whether you are or not . 
  that 's why protestants do n't use the cross with the body on it , and think catholics are wrong for doing so . 
  china offers mexico alliance in the face of trump, 
  the chinese ambassador , qiu xiaoqi , said that his government is ready for closer ties with mexico to protect against the expected global scenario next year . 
  m\u00e9xico - with president elect trump abandoning the tpp and revising the free trade agreement , the chinese ambassador qiu xiaoqi said that china is mexico 's strategic ally to strengthen free trade . 
  he went on to say that the relationship between the two countries finds itself at the best point in its history , and that it intends to reinforce the bilateral commercial and economic bonds in the coming years .
