  whatever . 
  while i 'm doing my thing , another guy comes in , obviously the loiterer 's friend . 
  they then start using the same urinal . 
  i guess he needed to wait for his buddy to get anything to come out . 
  got on the next train , still three times more people than seats , but of course i have a seat because i plan . 
  i ask the guy in my seat to move , he 's surprisingly polite . 
  and when the person standing next to him asked him where i was from , he asked her why she was asking him and not me . 
  rare occurrence . 
  the next stop , the guy who ended up standing next to me had been hitting the baijiu , and decided to start complaining about how a foreigner had a seat and he did n't . 
  later he got a seat next to me , loudly told everyone in earshot that the foreigner can write chinese , because of course he was staring at my phone . 
  then he got some cherry tomatoes and spat the seeds all over my feet , and left a couple of apple cores on the floor , causing a guy walking through to slip . 
  now i 'm standing as close as i can get to the smoking area and trying not to ash on the head of the people sleeping on the floor next to the bathroom . 
  so more or less like any other day . 
  sorry for typos or formatting , on my phone . 
  i figured i should try traveling on major holiday once just to do it . 
  i was being half serious about it being like any other day , though . 
  besides the number of people , it 's pretty much the same as every other time i travel and have a layover in xuzhou . 
  the people there act way more uncultured/ignorant than the town i live in , despite xuzhou being about 4 times larger . 
  i 'm still trying to figure out why . 
  the other cities nearby on the route obviously are n't much better . 
  i 've had better experiences with the xuzhou-shanghai route than xuzhou-beijing , but xuzhou is still a hellhole either way . 
  i 'd say traveling on the holiday has actually been better than expected . 
  whether it 's a crowd of 300 or 600 pushing and shoving 30 minutes before they start checking the train tickets turned out to not really be that big of a deal to me . 
  as long as i 've got my seat i 'm good . 
  i have n't done anything touristy today , though , so maybe i 'll change my mind . 
  or maybe i wo n't do anything touristy and just enjoy being in a place where i can see the sky . 
  i 've never gotten the then/than mix-up . 
  they are never , under any circumstances , stressed unstressed whatever , homophones for me , and i 'm pretty sure i did n't grow up hearing them pronounced the same either . 
  my hunch is it 's because i have the pin/pen merger , so unstressed then sounds different for me than it does for most speakers . 
  anyone have any insight ? 
  ipa approximation of what they sound like to me when i say them : / \u00f0\u00e6n / / \u00f0\u0259n / , / \u00f0\u026an / / \u00f0\u026an / ( with the little strikey thing through the \u026a , ca n't get it to show up ) . 
  yep , you 're skewed from living in shanghai . 
  kfc , manga , and iphones are what i see of foreign culture in tier 4 . 
  and if you so much as mention something being different in other countries , or something that makes china `` unique '' , no matter how trivial , the conversation becomes stupidly defensive . 
  and of course , there 's no discussion of pros and cons . 
  this is how it 's done in china , and i 'm done thinking about it . 
  time to worry about eating , league of legends , getting too tan , and the latest episode of `` guy in make-up plays with magic '' or `` chinese soldiers defend motherland from evil foreigners '' , depending on your gender . 
  and this is a key point for what makes the chinese psyche special , i think : you are an american who is happy to tell it like it is about what 's wrong with the country , and probably would n't be offended by other people doing the same , as long as they 're not making it too personal . 
  there are many americans like you in that way . 
  probably most americans . 
  yes , chinese people will complain about the environment and occasionally corruption/fake goods , but criticism of the country is mostly a no-go zone . 
  not just the government , anything about the country . 
  and if a non-chinese person so much as says they do n't like chinese food ? 
  there are two responses : 1 . 
  you do n't understand china/chinese culture . 
  being extremely offended . 
  there 's no tolerance for self-criticism or criticism from other people . 
  racism and nationalism are different , in that as an american nationalist i would be aligning myself with different people than i would if i were a white supremacist , but they both have negative effects on the outgroup , whoever that happens to be . 
  they also synergize well , because many groups like to conflate the idea of an ethnicity/race and a nation , as shown by the racist and nationalist fascist governments throughout history . 
  and china . 
  the problem with china is that they disguise racism as nationalism . 
  they may talk a lot about patriotism , but xi jinping makes too many references to the `` common blood '' of chinese people in his book on governing . 
  they say chinese , but they mean han chinese . 
  tibetans/uighurs are not included . 
  but taiwanese are . 
  at least according to papa xi , the average citizen probably not so much . 
  to answer your question , in china 's case , no , i do n't think there 's an important distinction between nationalism and racism . 
  i studied it casually for fun at home for three years with no solid plans for ever using it , never took any classes , etc. 
  now i live in china , so i guess i fit into the most category now . 
  i would imagine it happens that way for a good number of people . 
  learning chinese is a huge time commitment , and after spending an hour or more a day for a few years , it kind of becomes an important part of your life . 
  moving to china or trying to use it professionally is the natural next step from there . 
  wechat is great if you have contacts on it , otherwise no . 
  if there 's a decent number of chinese people where you live , get momo too . 
  it kind of has ( had ? ), 
  a reputation as a hookup app , but you can find all kinds of stuff on there : selfies , people selling weed , selfies , people selling term papers , selfies with corny saying or quotes on them , prostitutes , selfies , people selling other random stuff , selfies . 
  now that may not sound like a lot of fun ( or if it does , power to you ) , but the advantage over wechat is that you can see people 's posts by geographic proximity . 
  even with no friends you can still turn it on whenever and just read through what people around you are posting . 
  and , if you do happen to see something you want to comment on , you can do so and start talking to people , maybe even make a couple of friends to add to your wechat so it can be full of junk too . 
  i deal with chinese parents all the time . 
  factimus more or less has it right . 
  chinese parents in china are , generally , extremely overprotective of and dote on their children . 
  the parents may scold them , but very rarely punish them . 
  this is related to the fact that their children must be presented as perfect to the outside world and ca n't do anything wrong . 
  and even if they do , it 's still not their fault . 
  remember the story recently where the kid did n't get good enough test scores to go to a good high school , so the parents blocked off the entrance to the school with rubble ? 
  that 's an extreme example , but it 's very unsurprising . 
  i see smaller examples of this kind of behavior every week . 
  how would the parents punish the kids anyway ? 
  they 're already in school 13 hours a day . 
  chinese parents outside of china often have n't had the same life experiences or been subjected to the same policies/social pressures as parents in china . 
  i was n't alive then , but i 'm guessing overseas chinese parents parent a lot like what chinese parents would have parented like 50 years ago . 
  on my vacation this past week i saw tons of younge people wearing them ( the vanilla bean-sprout ones ) and basically every group of people selling stuff on the street were selling them . 
  that was the first time i had noticed them , though . 
  i guess the trend has n't made it out to tier 4 . 
  the flower crowns have been a thing for a while , though . 
  small nitpick , i think you could argue that pidgin-evolved creoles have a distinct starting point and are younger than other languages . 
  it is classified as an isolate . 
  that means we ca n't prove it 's related to another language . 
  whether it is or is n't related to japanese at some point in the distant past , past the reach of the comparative method , is just speculation . 
  however , just because it 's genetically unrelated does n't mean they does n't have a bunch of similarities . 
   50 % shared vocab from chinese borrowings , sov sentence structure , grammar particles , and politeness levels are a few of the things that make people say they 're similar . 
  if you 're only going to be there a short amount of time , granada is the hands-down winner . 
  go see the alhambra , walk through albaicin , realejo , and sacramonte , enjoy the free tapas . 
  neither seville nor cordoba can offer much to a tourist compared to granada . 
  around other teachers i call it metalanguage , but out of context i 'm not sure it 's specific enough to find what you want on google . 
  it 's just the better-than-thou attitude . 
  some latinists feel superior to others because they study latin , for any number of reasons , 10 % real and 90 % imagined : it 's a the traditional education of europe 's elite , it makes you smarter , it 's prestigious , modern education is leading to the downfall of western civilization and we brave few are defending it , whatever . 
  in my classics department , it was very interesting noting the general differences between people focusing on greek and latin . 
  the hellenists had more crossover with anthropology , religious studies , and linguistics , and were more likely to be averagely left-leaning for college kids .
