  i have a very stuffy uncle who uses it a lot when speaking . 
  best film is english , hands down . 
  i do n't think anywhere can compare with hollywood yet , and there is no shortage of small , independent films either , if that 's your thing . 
  literature is tough . 
  a lot of languages have pretty strong claims to having the best literature . 
  i think it mostly depends on what kind of books you like . 
  if you 're into magical realism , for example , russian and spanish probably have the best . 
  i 'd personally probably say english again , because most of my favorite books written in the last hundred years are in english . 
  without limiting it like that i just could n't pick . 
  i usually say dortmund , but since you 're so close you probably know unna , dortmund 's parking lot . 
  i lived in bonn for a while and it 's a really fun dialect . 
  i have some friends who post on facebook in b\u00f6nnsch ( it 's pretty much the same as k\u00f6lsch , i think ) , and sometimes i have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  edit : so i googled it because you got me thinking about it , and one of the things i associate most with how bonner talk is loofe or geloofen instead of laufen . 
  turns out that 's a specifically bonn thing , not k\u00f6lsch . 
  huh . 
  that 's likely a symptom of being from one of the biggest , most important states in a country . 
  everyone in the us has to know what 's going on in california and new york , whereas alabama 's goings-on probably are n't relevant to you at all . 
  before i moved to europe i just assumed all the banter about people from the u.s. being bad at geography was true , but most of the germans i know are n't any better . 
  if it 's further away than france or poland and there are no nice beaches there , there 's a good chance people ca n't place it . 
  and i would bet confidently that americans can fill out a european map better than germans can fill out a map of north america . 
  canada , the us , i think the next one 's probably mexico , and then not nary a clue . 
  most americans could probably get at least ireland , britain , france , spain , italy , and germany . 
  the day the game was supposed to be played , i was already hearing on the radio that dortmund and monaco had both agreed to play the game the next day . 
  i thought it was weird , but whatever . 
  it was n't until after the game that everyone started complaining , or at least that 's when they started reporting it . 
  i 'm sure tuchel or the players complained earlier , but the media did n't make a big deal out of it . 
  like other people are saying , i put the blame for this on whoever from the club agreed to play the next day . 
  i ca n't imagine the players would have made the same decision . 
  i did n't know about the two-hour rule . 
  i 've been blaming the club , but it 's super shitty that uefa could n't bend the rules for this . 
  of course they did n't have enough information to make that kind of decision at the time . 
  neither france nor india have the variety , widespread appeal , volume , and funding to compete with anglophone movies . 
  bollywood is big , but its range is limited mostly to south asia . 
  even if your passion is cinema , how many good french movies can you watch a year compared to good american or british movies ? 
  how often will your favorite movie of the year be a french movie ? 
  sometimes , sure , but the us produces so many good movies . 
  it does n't matter what kind of movies you like , that genre is likely dominated by anglophone movies . 
   i also do n't live in an area where i 'd watch an equal or greater amount of french movies to american . 
  does anyone ? 
   the same level of films, 
  when i search for `` les meilleurs films de tous les temps '' on google , i get lists of mostly english movies . 
   what does america have that the other two do n't in variety/diversity ? 
  where is french terminator ? 
  transformers ? 
  the avengers ? 
  lord of the rings ? 
  france does n't have nearly as strong of a selection of action movies , as one example . 
  the proportion of epic action movies is also smaller , i would imagine . 
  do you think french people watch more french movies than american ? 
  this chart seems to say no . 
  i still have n't seen any evidence that french movies are as good . 
  they 're not even more popular than american movies in france . 
  the best french movie is less watched than the best american movie in france . 
  even among lists by french cinema lovers , english language movies are dominant . 
  if that 's not good , i do n't know what is . 
  i know a list of good french movies will show a list of good french movies . 
  the problem is that any list of good movies will show mostly english movies . 
  i happen to love french cinema , especially movies from quebec , but i ca n't pretend like it 's remotely as good as english . 
  the original greek word is derived from the greek word for god and the greek word for fear or awe . 
  compare \u03b8\u03b5\u03cc\u03c2 ( god ) and \u03b4\u03ad\u03bf\u03c2 ( fear ) , and \u03b8\u03b5\u03bf\u03c5\u03b4\u03ae\u03c2 ( god-fearing ) . 
  this should be that subreddit , but there are a lot more people with shitty tattoos than there are latin experts . 
  even during world cup season , people talk about the neighbors who put up german flags . 
  i find it somewhat bizarre , but it 's much better than option 1 . 
  i 'm not saying you * should * get a free pass , just that that 's the way it normally works . 
  it applies to other countries just as much as it does the us . 
  * should * you learn about the rest of the country ? 
  of course , but it wo n't just happen as naturally as it will if you 're from a less important place . 
  6 weeks . 
  intensive dutch summer courses for german students , who then start college in dutch in fall . 
  just to make sure i understand that title , are you asking if anyone studies everyday interactions in their target language ? 
  yes , yes they do . 
  i think it just takes away the magic a little bit . 
  there are a lot of weird stereotypes and expectations of foreigners in china , both positive and negative , and speaking chinese just kind of messes with the box people want to put you in . 
  that bothers people who want to use you as a foreigner instead of as a person , but of course there are plenty of people and plenty of situations where speaking mandarin is a good thing , too . 
  drilling has fallen out of fashion , but i think that 's mostly an issue of misinterpreting data . 
  it 's true that drills are n't the most effective tool in a classroom environment , but i 've yet to see a study that examines why . 
  my hunch is that the inefficacy of drills has a lot to do with the motivation and concentration of students compared to other methods , and very little to do with how effective drills are if you can stay motivated and concentrated . 
  i personally find drills very helpful . 
  the fsi mandarin course has a good number of drills , if i recall correctly . 
  yes , they 're very close . 
  it 's comparable to spanish and portuguese or spanish and italian . 
  most high schools had two or three mandatory years of a foreign language , which was spanish or french . 
  nice or large schools often offer more languages . 
  some middle schools offer foreign languages as well , but it was n't mandatory . 
  i ca n't think of anyone i know who took more than one foreign language in school . 
  spanish was the most popular by far . 
  where i 'm from , the vast majority of white people are of english/scottish stock , so heritage was n't a factor for them . 
  some of the latino kids took spanish because they thought it would be easy , but since they did n't know how to read and write it that was n't always the case . 
  in my case , i ended up later studying and then working in spanish-speaking countries . 
  having studied three years of spanish was helpful , but i was still completely lost when i first went to mexico . 
  most americans of scottish origin just put `` american '' as their ethnicity on the census . 
  we 're concentrated around [ appalachia and the south ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/american1346.gif ) , all areas where unhyphenated american is the dominant ethnicity . 
  the fluctuations are more likely to be census quirks than any useful signs of scottish immigration or identification . 
  i lived in t4 for a while . 
  pictures literally every time i left the house . 
  sometimes they 'd ask nicely , sometimes they 'd try to hide that they were taking a picture , and some people just grabbed me while yelling at their friends to take a picture . 
  sometimes chinese friends would send me pictures of foreigners , being like `` look i saw another foreigner today '' . 
  there are some parts of it i wo n't pretend to understand . 
  sometimes my monolingual chinese friends would ask me not to speak chinese when they introduced me to someone . 
  the only common circumstance i found is that they were trying to impress someone .
