  over 90 % of this sub ca n't read latin . 
  first off , what do you mean by completely fluent ? 
  do you want to be able to work with spanish speakers in customer service ? 
  be able to function in a spanish-speaking company ? 
  be a translator ? 
  being specific about what you want to be able to do will help you , and whatever teachers/language schools you choose , reach your goals . 
  secondly , good teachers and schools can be a huge help to learning a language , but ultimately it 's the student that determines how far they get . 
  if you go into with the outlook `` after this course i 'll be fluent/b2/whatever '' , you 'll have less success than if you treat the school as a way to help you learn . 
  two people can go through the same intensive course and get very different results , even if the school sets it up so that pretty much everyone in the class will be able to pass their exit exam for the certificate . 
  it depends on the student 's motivation , interest , work outside of class , active participation , and to a certain extent their talent for learning languages , though that 's less important than many people think . 
  but yes , if you already have a basic knowledge of spanish , you can make a lot of progress in six months . 
  will it be as much as you want ? 
  depends on your goals and how hard you work at it . 
  most any big city in central america or mexico will have language schools that offer what you 're talking about . 
  you should make sure to look at the size of the classes , experience of the teachers , what materials they 'll be using , and opportunities to use the language outside of class in the city you 'll be staying in . 
  a homestay can be a big help as well , but it 's not for everyone . 
  i 'm melungeon , but i 'm not really sure what you mean about the origin of the cherokee princess thing . 
  we 're a fairly small group and i have n't noticed us cherokee princessing any more than the average white person . 
  we 're mutts and we know it . 
  of my relatives , some look more creole/mulatto ( one branch in particular ) , some look more native , but most look vaguely mediterranean . 
  i live in a place with a lot of arabs , now , and they usually mistake me for one of them , strangely enough . 
  sorry if this comes off like i was defending our group or trying to assert our nativeness or anything like that , because i 'm definitely not . 
  i would n't be surprised if i look as native as some of the mixed people in this thread , but culturally i know i 'm appalachian and would n't presume to think i knew anything about the native experience in the us besides what other people tell me . 
  which is why i hang out here , just to learn , but since you mentioned melungeons i figured i 'd chime in . 
  when i saw the title it made me think of how any time / r/de hits / r/all , they start writing in dialect to foil others ' attempts to google translate into the conversation . 
  was it this one ? 
  seems like nonsense to me , but i have n't looked at it that closely . 
  it 's plenty fair to say that grrm is n't on solzhenitsyn 's level , but if writing a book that gets translated into 50 languages and sells who knows how many millions of copies worldwide does n't make you world class , i do n't know what does . 
  how would you define world-class then ? 
  is it how long your books keep being read ? 
  whether literature professors think they 're good ? 
  i personally ca n't come up with many ideas that are n't somehow based on a people liking the book ; the question is just which people . 
  hillbilly fistbump . 
  and that would n't surprise me at all , considering the implications of people thinking you were black at that time . 
  according to whom ? 
  i think asoiaf is an a-little-better-than-mediocre fantasy book , but do i get to tell the people who like it that it lacks emotional depth , literary technique , innovation , and insight ? 
  and if not me , who gets to decide that ? 
  if you use these kinds of subjective criteria , you still have to come to the terms with the fact that most people ( or the right people ) might disagree with you about them , and then it becomes world-class even though you think it does n't meet the criteria . 
  for example , i also find shakespeare incredibly lackluster . 
  maybe that 's because i studied classics and know the stories already , maybe it 's just not my thing , i do n't know , but it 'd be silly for me to tell everyone who thinks he 's innovative and insightful they 're wrong . 
  what makes it okay for me ( or hypothetically you ) to treat shakespeare differently than george rr martin ? 
  oh sure . 
  a lot of the same criticism ( if it 's even criticism ) could be applied to tolkien as well , who i love . 
  i mostly took issue with the idea that popularity does n't make a book great . 
  the conversation has been about whether being world-class derives from popularity or not . 
  i do n't see how we could possibly turn the discussion away from subjectivity , but that 's not the point i 'm making or trying to make . 
  regardless of whether books have objective quality or not , that is n't what makes them world-class or a classic or anything of the sort . 
  it 's important to think about why the `` greats '' like solzhenitsyn , or shakespeare in my example , are somehow beyond people 's criticism , and other authors are n't . 
  sometimes it 's benign , but sometimes not analyzing who gives books their status leads to really nonsensical exclusions . 
  i do n't really understand your comment about intuition and relativism . 
  look through their post history and re\u00ebvaluate whether or not it 's worth trying to explain human decency to someone like this . 
  i do n't know why you think i disagree with the idea that artwork ca n't be objectively good . 
  i do . 
  i just think the connection of the quality of the work to it being world-class is secondary . 
  of course justin bieber is of less artistic value than mozart , but that does n't mean he 's not world class , does it ? 
  the fact that he 's listened to all over the world makes him world class , not whether or not he 's objectively good . 
  but for all my insistence that justin bieber is undeniably objectively worse than any number of other less-respected artists , it matters fuck all to the fact that he will be remembered as a wildly successful , probably even good , world-class entertainer . 
  ps i do n't think we disagree all that much , but i broke my rule of not commenting on big subs and here we are . 
  it 's so easy to talk past people here . 
  it basically boils down to me being pedantic about the word world class . 
  can you make a sound like you 're snoring ? 
  if so , then you can make the german r . it takes a bit to practice doing it blowing air out instead of pulling it in , though . 
  also buzz your throat/make it voiced , but one step at a time . 
   also do germans mind too much , if a non-native ca n't say the r ? 
  as i would like to be able to be understandable . 
  and if you do n't think it 's worth your time , you can just use a spanish r , it 's not that big of a deal . 
  tons of foreigners use it , it 's never difficult to understand even though it sounds non-native in most places , and if your german gets really good you might even be able to pass for bavarian . 
  high school students in most any language besides english or neighboring languages do n't tend to learn much , especially chinese because 1 . 
  it 's more difficult and 2 . 
  for some reason , chinese teachers do n't seem to keep up with modern methodology that well . 
  and of course that huge issue you mentioned that relatively few foreigners get into modern chinese culture . 
  chinese movies and tv shows are kind of an acquired taste , but they can be enjoyable . 
  the more i watch , the more i enjoy them , because i get more of the archetypes , tropes , expectations , references , and so on . 
  to be realistic , i 'd say language classes are a filler , but they can be very useful if you want to learn chinese and practice a lot outside of class . 
  it 's taken me about four times as long to learn chinese as it did spanish ( native english speaker ) . 
  that aligns pretty well with what the foreign service institute ( or dli ? 
  i forget ) said . 
  i happy for you that it was easier than spanish in your opinion , but i doubt that holds true for many other people . 
  they 're not trying to translate the sentences , but rather translate it to what a german would usually say in that situation . 
  let 's look at your third example . 
  the sentence before it is `` bist du student ? '', 
  the answer to that question in german is not `` ja , ich bin '' or anything of the sort . 
  the most common and sensible translation of that piece of dialog is `` ja '' , because that 's what germans say . 
  translating it as something like `` ja , das bin ich '' would be technically correct german and closer to the english , but it is way stronger in german , kind of like english `` yes , that i am . '', 
  i 100 % agree with their choice of translation and ca n't think of any better options , or other options at all for that matter . 
  similar story with your second example . 
  the sentence before is `` alles klar mit dir ? '', 
  the answer to that question which most resembles `` yes , i 'm fine '' is `` ja . '', 
  no need to say it again in german . 
  the first example is more questionable , but if someone asked me what i was doing in german , i would n't say `` ich lese ein buch '' unless their was some question about what i was doing . 
  they could have translated it that way , but the way they did it makes perfect sense too . 
  glossika courses sometimes do have awkward or wrong things here and there , but these are n't examples of them . 
  glossika focuses on translating the sentences to natural german , which means not necessarily translating the english words . 
  so that 's why it might appear like they did n't translate `` all the meaning . '', 
  because it would sound weird in german . 
  it 's certainly a bit strange in the sense that it 's not like many other courses out there at the moment . 
   is n't it important to build a strong foundation first , and then go with these sorts of sentences ? 
  maybe , but regardless of how they 've changed their marketing recently , glossika is n't a course for true beginners that ca n't figure things out on their own . 
  a2 would be a good starting point if you 're averse to googling . 
  the ability to answer yes/no questions naturally is expected , or at the very least that you can google it .
