  that bummed me out when i realized it was n't popular . 
  i met some people who knew it from an anime , but i never met anyone who actually played . 
  \u8c61\u68cb \uff0c on the other hand , is everywhere . 
  i ca n't really get into it though . 
  german grammar creeps into my english and sounds horrid when i hear it come out . 
  what is that for a car ? 
  mr. schmidt canceled today ( with the meaning of `` said he was n't coming to the meeting '' ) . 
  i also mess up my tenses , mostly replacing progressive tenses with simple ones . 
  luckily i have n't noticed myself using the perfect for everything in the past , yet . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm approaching the point where i do n't recognize a lot of it any more . 
  i do n't have much contact with native english speakers irl , so no one is going to call me out on it , either . 
  this sounds interesting . 
  does anyone happen to know of an audiobook that does n't require a chinese phone number to download ? 
  edit : i figured it out , sorry . 
  it told me i needed to register , for which i needed a chinese phone number , but there was actually a button on the right side of each track on the app to download it . 
  i only needed to log in to download the whole book in one click . 
  what you 're describing is [ wubihua ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wubihua_method ) , not [ wubi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wubi_method ) . 
  wubi kind of resembles cangjie in the way it works and is n't well suited to old phones . 
  wubihua is the one that only has five buttons . 
  yes , very often , and i think that is more detrimental to my english than if i just spoke german every day . 
  [ for confused people , an article about mogicians . 
  ] ( http://sinosphere.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/10/20/jiang-zemin-china-toad-xi-jinping/?_r=0 ), 
  getting complimented by chinese people on your chinese ability might be even less meaningful than your grandmother telling you you 're pretty . 
  you 're not a fraud . 
  they do n't actually think your chinese is good . 
  when they start kvetching when you make mistakes , that 's a much better sign for your chinese than a compliment . 
  none of this sounds remotely unusual to me . 
  the same thing happened to me , going to class on a holiday to find no one there . 
  i had asked for a schedule with school holidays at least five times . 
  yeah , the responsibility is n't only the school , but it 's entirely possible op asked and did n't get an answer . 
  in my case , my mistake was not knowing there was n't such a calendar and even if there had been , it would have been changed anyway . 
  naw , definitely not . 
  which site are you on ? 
  i got the book and audiobook without making an account anywhere . 
  also op is right , this is the easiest thing we 've read so far , at least of the ones that i 've looked at . 
  it wo n't be easy at hsk4 , but i 'd definitely give it a shot . 
   so much for free fucking speech eh ? 
  is the government restricting his speech ? 
  because that 's all free speech means in a liberal democracy . 
  he 's free to make these videos , and the media is free to call it whatever they want . 
  that 's how western `` free speech '' works . 
  here 's a link to an [ english translation of the book ] ( https://mega.nz/#!e1ybxbxs!rxrznwgokmx8sd9nv1zjqbd8sfkluygqqpxpza8xpk4 ) , in case anyone else finds it useful . 
  password is chinesebookclub . 
  you 're overthinking this . 
  if your friends judge you for wanting to practice a language you 're learning , that seems like their problem . 
  the difference between college students and adults is n't large enough to be a big deal . 
  or , it 's not a that big of a deal in the us , but i see you 're in hong kong so who knows . 
  i would n't worry about it either way . 
  having something to talk about is much more important than how old they are for a language meetup . 
  you 're also assuming a lot about who 's going to come without even giving it a shot . 
  there may very well be plenty of people your age . 
  go , and if it 's a bunch of people you do n't feel comfortable around , then leave . 
  problem solved . 
  you lost a little bit of time , nothing else . 
  the greek means `` always the great god applies geometry to the universe '' . 
  it 's also arranged so that the number of letters per word corresponds to the digits of pi . 
  the german shitself toilet , to make it easier to monitor your digestive health . 
  pro tip for use : place a couple of sheets of toilet paper on the shelf before getting down to business to ensure it does n't get stuck there on the shelf . 
  is this what you mean ? 
  if the title answers itself , what am i doing here ? 
  no , you normally do n't need the accusative . 
  i am in the house is `` mi estas en la domo '' . 
  the exception is when you 're expressing motion with the preposition . 
  i 'm going into the house is `` mi iras en la domo ** n ** . '', 
  most , if not all , of the teachers at my school are competent professionals . 
  the joys of working in europe . 
  5 + years ago there were plenty of young brits and americans who were n't actually qualified to be teaching , but they did n't have any problems a little experience and training would n't solve . 
  i was one of them so i may be biased . 
  there 's still a bit of that , but the market has tightened up since then and it 's mostly career teachers . 
  most of the horror stories you 'll hear are from asia . 
  there are plenty of great teachers in asia as well , but for some reason it attracts a different crowd . 
  what do good teachers do different ? 
  they know their subject material ; they are familiar with english grammar and grammar terminology , even if they do n't always teach it in such a structured way . 
  they go out of their way to figure out how things are phrased in their student 's field . 
  they have a large repertoire of activities for any topic . 
  they care about the student and try to help them reach their goals instead of just teaching english or teaching the book . 
  they are familiar with a variety of teaching strategies , not just ppp ( or any one strategy ) . 
  same thing for books . 
  they know how to keep a classroom focused and handle difficult students . 
  i 'm sure there 's more , but that 's what comes to mind off hand . 
  i 've only listened to the first one so far , but it was very informative . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i know it 's already been discussed and decided , but it really sucks that if i find a chinese article i want to post and do n't feel like translating it , sino is the only other place to do that , because frankly sino sucks . 
  it seems like there are more and more chinese users here these days , so maybe this topic will come up for discussion again soon . 
  summary for those who do n't read chinese : the ceo of niantic welcomed taiwan to pokemon go on twitter . 
  he did n't mention china and used traditional characters . 
  mainland netizens are upset about this , complaining to him about how taiwan is china 's , etc. 
  i 'm on a phone , but when i get a chance i 'll try to translate more of the comments . 
  okay , but once i got that rule quoted to me after i only summarized the article . 
  i 'd personally just let the votes deal with it an not bother at all with the rule , but if it 's only expecting a quick summary that 's not so bad . 
  taiwan is a chinese province , please write china after taiwan ( taiwan , china ) . 
  taiwan is chinese . 
  you release the game in little taiwan and not china ? 
  what are you thinking ? 
  overlooking a market of tens of millions for a a market of 100s of thousands ? 
  stupid choice . 
  the feelings of the chinese players are deeply hurt . 
  ( i want to think this one is satire , but it 's probably not . ), 
  what about china ? 
  i like how unaware these comments are that it 's not niantic that 's keeping pok\u00e9mon out of china .
