  it does say practice next to it , so i guess it could be a poorly named practice map , but our confusion is understandable . 
  in addition to what other people have said , i think it 's also because they largely offer entry level jobs on the job boards . 
  a lot of them look downright sketchy . 
  so that means that the people going to the site to look for jobs are new ( this skews more towards backpackers and selfish `` get a job i ca n't do because i want to travel '' types than most teachers ) ; or they 're experienced teachers who ca n't find anything better , and there 's often a reason no one they know wants to give them a better job . 
  there 's pretty much nothing on the site for experienced , reasonable teachers with jobs , and they 're not going to go there just for the forums . 
  i do n't want to say that that leaves the worst of teachers , but it 's definitely not the best . 
  i do n't see how it 's prescriptivist , and being rude is n't necessarily badling . 
  people are either a ) bantering or b ) expressing their subjective opinions about how languages sound . 
  what languages people like the sound of or how they think the languages sound is completely irrelevant to the field of linguistics , but i would n't call it bad . 
  [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/2vciky/dont_post_contentlight_submissions/cogetq9/ ) reminded me of what you 're doing :, 
   i 'm sorry , but in my dialect `` badlinguistics '' includes all opinions on language that are not backed up with a career in the field . 
  this is great info and fantastic resources , thanks . 
  google play would be really convenient , but i can only find some old comics there . 
  could be because i 'm not in the usa . 
  it looks like i 'll have to use comixology , but i was hoping for something where i pay a certain amount a month to be able to read all of them , but it seems like that 's not too common for western comics . 
  sorry , you 're right , i definitely phrased that too strong with `` completely irrelevant '' . 
  hey , that 's where i usually read too !, 
  imagine that , 
  this is pretty much what i was hoping to find . 
  thanks !, 
  the six month delay is a bit of a downer , though . 
  i have a samsung a3 , so pretty small . 
  i hold it sideways and can comfortably read the whole width and about a third of the height , which often lines up with the way the frames are divided . 
  it 's not so bad . 
  i used to have a tablet , but i ended up using a phone more anyway just because i have it with me all the time . 
  you can make your own courses with pictures . 
  or , if you do n't like translating , you can try cloze deletion flashcards as well . 
  i personally do n't think avoiding translations is that useful past a certain point , but if you prefer it then go for it . 
  58 . com is a pretty good place to start . 
  pick your city and go to the apartment section . 
  it works like pretty much any apartment searching website from that point . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to blame workers for saving any more than it is to blame them for spending money participating in society . 
  it 's the system that 's broken , and workers unfortunately have to balance financial security and quality of life spending . 
  also , it comes off in this comment like you 're defining living by consumption . 
  there 's nothing wrong with going to the movies , going out to eat , etc. , but there are also plenty of other ways to have a fulfilling life as well . 
  [ das universum in der nussschale ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/51q7ahqxxel.jpg ), 
  shitty translation :, 
   what do y' all think about about buttermilk or pure buttermilk as a way to lose weight ? 
  good or not so much ? 
   why are you asking around here ? 
  look at the nutritional information and use your own fucking brain to answer the question . 
  sorry for putting it like that , but sometimes you just have to tell it like it is . 
   stfu u spaz ill quickscope you 1v1 u wimp, 
  the last one is written kind of like an unironic `` u wot m8 swear on me mum '' . 
  i tried to write it that way in the translation but i 'm not sure it came across . 
  it 's funny because youtube comments are a shitshow . 
  actually the commies broke off and started / r/wehraboosinaction . 
  / r/shitwehraboossay is very anti-tankie . 
  so should aliens all have human-like gender divisions ? 
  authors have been playing with the idea of alien gender as long as there 's been sci-fi , almost . 
  if you want to read it as a political statement that seems like a personal problem . 
  to clarify , i do n't use made-up pronouns in real life , for myself or other people . 
  sci-fi is the place where i * do * find it appropriate . 
  the first one 's not fresh on my mind anymore , but i remember enjoying it as much as most of the other books . 
  i 'd actually class life debt as being one of the better new canon books i 've read . 
  neither one of them is a nobel prize winner or anything , but i do n't see why so many people hate them . 
  as someone for whom general american is the standard `` neutral '' accent , what makes it sound exaggerated ? 
  it 's generally not the marxists looking down on native accents . 
  source : appalachian marxist . 
  they tend to be more educated about and aware of discrimination like that than the average person . 
  also , we dislike the liberal elite as much as you do . 
  please do n't conflate us . 
  and cultural marxism is not a thing that anyone reasonable can believe in after googling it . 
  it 's an unfounded conspiracy theory . 
  jim carrey does n't generally sound like he has a particularly noticeable accent to me , so that does n't help much . 
  thanks for trying to explain it , though, 
  do practice tests , get a feel for what kind of questions are on it , and focus on vocab . 
  hsk is a shit test . 
  you ca n't fake knowing the characters , so that 's number 1 . 
  you also ca n't fake listening , but the listening sections are too easy compared to the rest imo , and the questions often do n't require you to have actually understood . 
  the questions are generally far too gameable for a language proficiency exam , so practice the tests themselves as much as you can . 
  of course , if your chinese just is n't good enough to give yourself a shot , it wo n't help to practice the tests , but if you 're roughly the right level , prep specifically for the test . 
  i 'm more familiar with hsk5 than 4 , but i assume everything i said still applies . 
  ielts is more of a british thing and more common in europe than the us for sure . 
  i did n't really understand the way it was written though , so i could have misread your comment . 
  heh i shit all day if i smell anything that reminds me of oatmeal . 
  cereal is a no as well . 
  some bland , not too sweet muffins generally do n't bother me too much . 
  i have to make them the night before , though . 
  anything i could buy in a shop would be too sweet . 
  depending on the bagels you eat they may or may not affect you the same . 
  croissants , ( american ) biscuits , or scones are also generally good choices for me . 
  if i want a really good breakfast i put some salmon on soft , white , bread with a small amount of butter . 
   what we call `` marxism '' is only a label intended ... 
  i 'm not sure how big that group of `` we '' is , and i do n't think that 's the definition or explanation you 'll find in any dictionary . 
   being about controlling people 's lives and making decisions about people from a place of authoritarian , paternalistic supremacism that some ( probably you included ) would somehow know far better how i or anyone else should live their life than they themselves . 
  quite the opposite . 
  i want to improve people 's lives by giving them the power to make decisions themselves by giving them control of their workplaces and governments . 
  judging by some of your other comments , i think you 'd agree that the corrupt establishment in the us governs to further their own interests and enrich themselves by swindling average people or controlling their actions directly through law ( e.g. 
  i support different solutions to the problem than you do , but i think we both want to give people freedom and control over their own lives . 
   anyways , it 's not really the place to go into depths about that , but keep on being delusional about marxism out in the woods , it 's a great , dreamy theory and fantasy . 
  there 's just one huge problem with it , it is envisioned to be a system to organize humans and they 're quite the squirrelly types . 
  great in theory but not in practice ? 
  i guess you do n't know many marxists , because they tend to be some of the least idealistic and most results-oriented political movements in the world , often ( imo ) to a fault . 
   you denigrate locals with dialects while putting foreigners you ca n't understand on pedestals, 
  any examples of putting foreign accents on a pedestal ? 
  i 'm only familiar with this happening in postcolonial nations . 
  i can imagine happening on an individual level in somewhere like the us , but not as a broader trend . 
  i 'm not sure it * ever * happens in germany unless the person in question is selling foreign food ( edit : or furniture , thanks ikea ) . 
   marxism can not work in disharmony and uniformity and inequality,
