  edit : also , daww, 
  i speak pretty close to ga , grew up moving around the states , but mostly in the south . 
  i say [ ve\u026as ] . 
  i use this in all contexts , unless i 'm making fun of snobby people , brits , or northerners . 
  [ v\u0251\u02d0z ] makes me think people are snobby unless they are british ( but then they 're snobby anyway  ) the more ( non-northeast ) american their accent is , the more negative i feel about them using [ v\u0251\u02d0z ] . 
  brits , people from parts of the northeast us , snobs, 
  yes , yes , no , and no . 
   since all they need to do is accept christ as their savior , because of the new testament, 
  reading the new testament to say all you have to do is believe in jesus is grasping for a loophole if i 've ever seen it . 
  the present-day jews have texts which clarify and update the tanakh , just like christians do . 
  the talmud is a part of judaism and the new testament part of christianity . 
  interesting exception to pick . 
  both sentences sound fine to me ( native speaker ) . 
  this was downvoted by people with no access to dictionaries and style guides . 
  i would n't say `` instantly '' , 
  i had a history professor who argued that the response of the elite to the civil rights movement in the united states was in large part for publicity with nations whose hearts and minds the us and the ussr were fighting for . 
  an interesting thought , at least . 
  you 're in the minority . 
  look at countries where people can be supported by the government ( not at all comparing to communism , but they also have the option to more or less sit on ass and fuck around on the internet ) : the people are largely successful and employed , because people are social and do n't like being social outcasts . 
  maybe you would feel comfortable freeloading , but most in an educated populace would n't . 
  my available times are pretty erratic and i 'm moving from europe to latin america in a few weeks , so that will change it even more , but i like the reading schedule and try to make sure i can meet up when everyone else settles on a time . 
  native speaker of southern american english here , could you point me towards any examples of allegedly correct singular uses of the word `` y' all '' ? 
  edit : i ask because i 've never heard this argument before i ca n't even come up with any examples of usages that might give people that impression . 
  a couple of people have said this already , but double modals are quite nice . 
  i used to could n't figure out why my stuffy greek professor hated it so much , because he would just say `` do n't say that '' , `` that makes you sound stupid '' without explaining , but someone finally told me it 's a dialectal construction . 
  both of these examples seem plural to me . 
  the first speaker assumed you were n't the only person going to the lake , and the second speaker was probably talking about canadians . 
  ( if they had said these things to me , it is how i would have interpreted it . ), 
  rip 's article is pretty interesting . 
  the only examples i really felt like might be singular were the examples from restaurants , and i 'm not really sure what to think of those yet . 
  i would feel confused if someone said y' all to me without a reason , but clearly some people use it that way . 
  the rest of them had a good reason to be plural . 
  i had that reservation as well . 
  were you speaking with someone else with a less pronounced accent at the time ? 
  edit : a less pronounced accent than , for example , the person who said , `` y' all 're speaking the queen 's english . '', 
  that 's pretty interesting , and i 'm still mulling over how i feel about some of the reported usages . 
  however , i found this comment which matches my feelings on the matter for the most part . 
   i think carl 's immediate reference to using y' all in talking to a single person in a shop is revealing , and i disagree with mark p. that talking about plural implications of something that is `` clearly singular '' is like arguing about the existence of aether . 
  carl 's comment recalls an example that i regularly use in first-year linguistics lectures about this kind of pragmatic inference . 
  if you are in a shop and ask the shop assistant for something , and there is no one else in the shop , and the shop assistant replies `` sorry , we do n't sell those '' , there is no question of we being `` clearly singular '' , because the obvious referent of we in this case is the shop assistant and whoever else is involved in running the shop . 
  most customers will make this inference without even being aware of it . 
  but if you are at a bus stop and there is only one other person there , and you ask the other person what time it is , and the other person says `` sorry , we have n't got a watch '' , you probably decide that you do n't really want to take the bus after all . 
  there is no possible way to resolve we as a plural here , and the most likely inference is that the other person is a bit loony . 
   when the interpretation of we is involved , all speakers of english can share these reactions , and appreciate that the pronoun is still in some important sense plural , but only southerners are likely to have comparable reactions to ostensibly singular uses of y' all . 
  by the same token , only yankees observing exchanges like carl 's original example miss the analogy to the use of we , and draw the inference that `` southerners say y' all instead of you '' . 
  and a couple of counties in louisiana . 
  and some parts of maine . 
  and new mexico . 
  and texas . 
  and california . 
  and all of amish country . 
   and an unfortunately small number of indian reservations where they still speak their language, 
  ftfy, 
  but yeah , you 're right . 
  huge number of non-english speaking communities of many types that are more american than the stars and stripes . 
  i do n't think they banned you just because you used he . 
  i think they banned you because when asked/confronted about it , you responded in a very ignorant way . 
  your example happened to be male . 
  i would n't feel offended or think that there is ill will there , but it could just have easily been gender neutral and it 's reasonable to ask you about it . 
  you acted , however , like defaulting to using a male example defends itself , which it does n't . 
  source ? 
  edit : here is a good article with the opinions of a few fairly authoritative sources . 
  re-edit : i accidentally the link : http://janice-hally.suite101.com/the-generic-or-singular-they-a182106, 
  i know this is n't really the best place to discuss english grammar , but i 'm an english teacher and ca n't really control myself . 
  i 'm from alabama and lived in mississippi for a while . 
  many people tend to drop ls in mississippi , but not in northern alabama ( at least not the part i 'm from ) . 
  my first instinct is to tell you that it 's unique to mississippi because i have n't heard it much anywhere else i 've lived , but i know a couple of people from south carolina and they do this too . 
  a south carolinian teacher in high school did this so noticeably that it was a near constant source of amusement for the ( mostly ) texans in her class . 
  ( `` take out your foders . '', 
  thatbernie 's link is very good , although it covers only the most common use of every tense . 
  what is your native language ? 
  do you know any other languages ? 
  focusing on the situations in which we use the different tenses is a good approach to help you grasp them and their meaning . 
  i would love to help more , but could you be a bit more specific ? 
  this man speaks the truth . 
  i went from bronze to the top of my gold division doing this ( well , i built medivacs too ) . 
  i still suck , but i build a lot of stuff and go kill them and it works most of the time . 
  i doubt that includes speaking and listening skills , which are necessary for most modern languages . 
  i like the pimsleur method and i 've never seen an ad like the op myself , but the pimsleur website does make these kinds of ridiculous claims itself . 
  i 'm familiar with comparably long intensive ancient greek courses , so i assumed the latin course was something similar . 
  sounds very interesting though , and i do n't doubt that it 's possible to learn a language to a conversational level in three months , but for the average language learner it seems pretty ambitious . 
  i know of some cases in majority spanish speaking areas in texas . 
  it 's not common , but i would n't call it especially rare either . 
  this article has a lot of good points about marijuana prohibition , more than but not excluding its racist history . 
  swahili is the closest thing i can think of to what you are describing . 
  it does have native speakers , but users of the language as a lingua franca outnumber native speakers ~ 50:1 . 
  also , on a somewhat related note , lingua francas very often become native languages as soon as two people who share the lingua franca but not a native language start reproducing , so an answer to your question would n't last long . 
  a suitcase [ \u02c8su\u02d0ke\u026as ] is a case for suits . 
  i 've never said the / t / . 
  i had no idea it was normal to say the `` t '' in the united states until i looked it up just now to point out that most americans do n't say the / t / and discovered that they , in fact , do . 
  it must just be my dialect area . 
  you definitely should have clarified for everyone that esperanto is seen as a really bad auxlang . 
  what you wanted to say is very subjective and depends entirely on your criteria . 
  if you do n't like it that 's great . 
  what you * actually * said insulted a sizable number of people and what is often a big part of their life and culture . 
  my criteria for a good auxlang is that it 's easy to learn and allows me to communicate with a large number of people from diverse backgrounds in diverse places , so i 'd give esperanto decent marks . 
  you act like your criteria are the only criteria by which a auxlang can be judged and go around ( in another comment ) calling other languages `` better , '' as if that meant something . 
  some auxlanguages are easier to learn , some may be better for communication , others may be more culturally sensitive , others more regular , they serve their purpose better because ... , etc. 
  those statements are things that we can talk about . 
  it 's ie-centric , hodgepodgy , and old , says you .
