  germans take their privacy seriously . 
  very seriously . 
  it 's led to more than a couple of cultural mishaps on my part . 
  the shopping situation is shit . 
  it 's gotten a bit better ( at the expense of some other workers ' rights laws ) , but it 's still bad . 
  gay marriage is n't allowed , but no one really cares because civil unions are pretty much the same thing . 
  the oddly conservative thing that gets me is that the government collects your tithe like they do taxes . 
  if you 're registered as a catholic or a protestant , you have to pay them taxes . 
  through the government !, 
  for someone who grew up hearing `` separation of church and state '' everywhere , it 's funny to see a `` liberal '' country like germany not embracing that ideal at all . 
  my impression of germany is not liberal at all , though , i must admit . 
  the government has more progressive policies , but the people have more conservative outlooks about their own personal life and families . 
  i 've also spent most of my time living in smaller towns , so that affects the worldview i 'm exposed to the most here . 
  i also tend to ( in germany , at least ) lean left politically , and leftists i know here are way more interested in economic policy than all the weird pet issue crusades and identity politics the american left thrives on . 
  the mishaps are n't that exciting . 
  i asked people about their family too early in conversations a few times . 
  that 's a real conversation killer . 
  just in general it took a while to get used to the fact that i ca n't just start off when the same generic questions about people 's lives when i meet them . 
  you kind of have to have something to talk about that 's not personal at first , otherwise you never get over that barrier with most germans . 
   interesting that people are okay with just civil unions because that was not the case in the states . 
  in my experience , germans are much less into being outraged about political stuff than americans are . 
  it 's legally the same , what it 's called is just not a pressing issue for most people , including most gay people . 
  not saying there are n't movements to change it , but they 're small and no one cares because they 're not actually being legally discriminated against . 
  on the topic of liberalism , germany has really weird abortion laws . 
  it 's legal , but it 's a lot of hoops to jump through and doctors ( not performing the procedure ) can hypothetically tell you no at multiple points in the process . 
  in practice i 've never heard of it happening , but the fact that it 's still there in law is interesting . 
  i do n't really know much japanese , but i assume your friend learned that yume is n't a verb ? 
  he should let you finish , respond to you , and then point out your biggest mistakes . 
  for a conversation of a few minutes , the 2-4 biggest mistakes is probably a good number , depending on your level . 
  pointing out every mistake is ( until very high levels ) miserable for everyone , but you still need to get feedback . 
  ideally he 'll help you practice the mistakes and get you to use the structure/word you 're having trouble with in a couple of other contexts , as well . 
  wall street and the finance sector only generates imaginary money . 
  i think the time is almost ripe for a good right/left combined producerist movement in the usa . 
  that was kind of my point , i guess . 
  if parts of speech and particles are `` true pain '' , your friend is going to have a bad time . 
   i.e. 
  conlangs made to be unambiguous like lojban are n't languages ? 
  i 'll leave the argument about whether certain conlangs are truly languages to the side for now , but lojban has plenty of ambiguity . 
  its argument structure is unambiguous , but there 's plenty of semantic ambiguity . 
  read [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_fassbender ) . 
  go do something else for ten minutes . 
  summarize it . 
  die vermessung der welt ; almanya wilkommen in deutschland ; aguirre , der zorn gottes ; and momo are some of my favorites in german . 
  yeah , american conservatives really hate jews . 
  in spain , i often heard the - xs ending as - iks or - is , so in this case latiniks . 
  i 'm not sure i ever heard people pronounce the singular ( you typically know the gender of one person ) , so i 'm not sure about that . 
  i did n't realize it was a thing people did in english until this thread . 
  there is a difference between `` there are parallels '' and `` conservatives would like to move there '' . 
  but of course , conservatives are actually idiots who do n't understand history , right ? 
  i 'm not even a conservative , but i 'm clearly dumb because i think life in nazi germany was not the kind of country or government most conservatives want to live in . 
  you think most conservatives think that way ? 
  my experience in europe is that i relate to eastern europeans better than western europeans in general . 
  i know it 's a very vague thing to say , but they seem much more down-to-earth . 
  specifically english speakers ? 
  that 's a stereotype based on comparing anglophones to western europeans . 
  russians and chinese people are n't much better than anglophones about learning foreign languages . 
  no , thankfully . 
  the schools are literally falling apart here . 
  it was one of the biggest issues in the last state elections . 
  also , germany has been slowly but surely transitioning away from the tiered school system for a while now . 
  gesamtschulen ( hypothetically a mixed high school kind of like in the us ) are much more common than they used to be . 
  there are certainly things to learn from german schools , but i 'd put my kid in a decent public school district in the us over most schools in germany every time . 
  i 'd probably go with uruguay , but the us is unique and there 's no one country 's policies that would all work well here . 
  lots of regional accents ( i 'd go so far as to say most germans , even on tv ) do n't actually trill the r unless they 're emphasizing something . 
  it 's normally pronounced as an uvular fricative . 
  in number one , you linked uvular , not velar . 
  a voiced velar fricative is an allophone of / g / in some dialects . 
  the french do not normally trill the < r  . 
  the uvular fricative is most common . 
  tesseract does a pretty good job with ocr . 
  i 've used it on pdfs of chinese textbooks before . 
  those are both the same phoneme in german . 
  sometimes german / e / sounds like / i / to english speakers , but both of the recordings you linked are clearly / e / to a german ear . 
  what is a sight-see ? 
  that 's how i feel about all candidates i 've seen recently , not just the third-party ones . 
  we can start a bunker party . 
  is she going to a japanese school outside of school ? 
  if so , take her out if she does n't like it . 
  those are a fantastic way to instill a lifetime of hate of a language and culture . 
  do fun stuff with her in japanese , or barring that , figure out what she is interested in and encourage her to work on and improve those skills , whatever they may be . 
  in an american context i do mean conservative , i think . 
  even if they 're socialists , the ( mostly polish/hungarian/russian ) eastern europeans i know just do n't really have a liberal mindset . 
  i use lwt more or less the same way . 
  it 's definitely one of the most enjoyable ways to learn , and is as effective as most of the major learning strategies . 
  watching something twice is great for your chinese , but not if it bores you to death . 
  you absorb more when you 're interested . 
  if you have trouble tolerating a second viewing , you 'll get more out of watching something new . 
  i 'm personally not a fan of separating mental illness and turning it into some kind of special category that ca n't be made fun of , especially when it 's not personal , like pointing out badlinguistics . 
  go [ here ] ( http://www.canoo.net/inflection/gut:a ) . 
  memorize the flektierte formen positiv . 
  it 's a maximum of 48 pieces of information . 
  you should be able to memorize it in a couple of days . 
  you 'll stumble through trying to use it correctly for a while , but it 'll become automatic sooner or later . 
  depends on how you handle it . 
  can you successfully transition the topic to some other approved small talk topic ? 
  if yes , then people probably wo n't think much about it . 
  if you go , `` no , i like underwater rock climbing you guys '' , then yeah , people will probably smile politely and go refill their drink . 
  be careful with southern accents . 
  even within north carolina , you have appalachian and non-appalachian accents . 
  if you mix the two , southerners ( all the way from texas to virginia ) will notice and think you have a weird accent .
