  nationalism was used all over the world to combat imperialism in the 20th century . 
   also why is ireland your example of an anti-imperialist nationalism , ireland is in europe . 
  i picked it because it 's a counter-example from europe . 
  nationalism was an important part of the anti-imperialist movements in india , china , cambodia , vietnam , etc. 
  as well . 
   irish nationalism is not , but it is still a fundamentally self-centered ideology in contrast to the openness and co-operation of esperanto . 
  would you say the same thing about catalan nationalism ? 
  or scottish nationalism ? 
  both are nationalist movements striving to become part of a larger international community . 
  i strongly disagree with the idea that national pride is self-centered or necessarily opposed to openness and co\u00f6peration . 
   so if we have that thread should americans and europeans not participate ? 
  heh , that 's tricky , but i think a warning at the beginning to keep it positive about your country and not negative about anyone else 's should be fine . 
  we can respond to the skewed power relations by sweeping it under the rug and avoiding it or just throwing it out in the light and talking about it , and i prefer the latter . 
  ! translated, 
  i take from the  that your first sentence is a bit tongue-in-cheek , but it kind of surprises me that my conversation with teo could be considered heated even jokingly . 
  i have more heated conversations than that when the konduktoro gets peeved that i forgot to sign my train ticket . 
  ye was the nominative case , like thou . 
  edit : [ source ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ye#etymology_1 ), 
  anki and ttmik is a good start . 
  you could also get a textbook and start working through it . 
  i 've heard elementary korean recommended before . 
  benny would probably say you should be talking to people , which is not a bad idea , but some people prefer to wait till they have the basics down to start talking to people . 
  it can also be hard to find people to talk to sometimes . 
  watching kdramas or korean movies should n't form the bulk of your studying , but if you 're doing 4 + hours a day it 's a good way to give yourself a bit of a rest . 
  you can also see how much of articles or books you understand . 
  at first it may be just recognizing names in hangul and noticing the particles and verb forms , so do n't be discouraged . 
  those suggestions are in descending order of importance and how much time you should be spending on them . 
  you could also up your new cards in anki or add another deck , but you should be careful not to spend too much of your study time on it . 
  ( you can organize your whole study around anki and use it more , but that 's another topic . ), 
  then again , benny would also say you should be wearing a shock bracelet , so take everything he says with a grain of salt . 
  edit : if you 're still short on ideas [ check this out ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/5ian7q/language_learning_a_howto/ ) . 
  just a little typo . 
  it 's a huge problem . 
  the part about drugs is the last third , `` nur ein teil des problems '' , but the article does a good job of putting in context . 
  edit : [ english version ] ( http://imgur.com/klybzeh ), 
  was there a listening part of the test ? 
  if so , how did you do ? 
  if not , how well do you do listening to german media ? 
  the two best things you can do for your speaking skills are practice speaking and practice listening . 
  extensive listening is especially helpful for getting rid of the translation problem . 
  it 's very difficult to translate sustained native-speed speech , so your brain will start taking the easy way out and just understanding it sooner or later . 
  this transfers significantly to speaking skills , as well . 
  stumbling for words is one of those things that will only get better with practice . 
  after you blank on a word three or four times you stop blanking on it , assuming you `` know '' the word already . 
  it 's also important to remember that stumbling for words is n't the end of world ; native speakers do it all the time . 
  the way you handle the pause while you formulate your thought can make a huge difference in how fluent you sound , though . 
  i work with refugees from time to time and i 've been asked multiple times what `` also '' means and why germans say it all the time . 
  can make conversations with germans flow much better and cover up your language deficiencies ( at the expense of looking like you have education deficiencies if you do it too much ) . 
  this is too informal for exams , but you 'll still probably get better marks being too informal than pausing awkwardly or ( more likely ) using english ( or your l1 ) fillers and mannerisms . 
  momo by michael ende would be my choice . 
  of the three you mentioned , i 'd strongly prefer hesse . 
  hesse 's language is a bit antiquated , but it sounds like your sister can handle it . 
  kafka writes really weird , choppy german . 
  he 's one of the few authors where i think the translation is better than the original . 
  it flows better in english . 
  this is personal and anecdotal , but the first time i read g\u00fcnter grass i had n't been in germany for long and just did n't get it , but when i revisited die blechtrommel five years later i thought it was fantastic . 
  i do n't think i 'd ever have gotten it without living in germany and understanding the cultural context . 
  also , even though grass is really good , his arrogance drips off of every word and it can be a bit offputting . 
  im westen nichts neues is another good , accessible classic you might want to consider . 
  eugene debs received a lot of hate , but he received a lot of support , too . 
  the labor movement was very strong in this country until the ussr became our enemies and we began putting more weight on defining ourselves as what they were n't . 
  no reputable historian agrees with the numbers in that video . 
  we can dislike and criticize the soviet union without buying into the propaganda . 
  see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims ) for a short overview . 
  the majority of the anti-socialist sentiment has to do with having a communist state as our major rival/enemy for half a century . 
  mccarthy is a part of that , but we would have similar views either way . 
  [ millenial opinions of socialism ] ( http://victimsofcommunism.org/new-report-reveals-u-s-attitudes-on-socialism-communism-on-eve-of-2016-election/ ) are a good indicator of that . 
  it reminds me in a university history class , the professor asked the class if we thought socialism was inherently unamerican ( i do n't remember the exact question , but close enough ) . 
  in this particular class , it so happened that almost everyone born in the 80s said yes and everyone born  1990 said no , not necessarily . 
  we 've really let off the propaganda in the last 20 years and it shows in people 's opinions on socialism and communism . 
  yes , it does matter because we should value our intellectual honesty . 
  i 'm disagreeing with the 30-50 million number . 
   in the soviet union , between 1919 and 1959 , somewhere between 30 and 50 million people were killed in internal rep - oppression alone . 
  i disagree with the numbers he gave for the parameters he gave . 
   how many do you say it is , backed by what sources ? 
  i agree with the consensus of historians as stated in the article i linked . 
  10 million is a fair estimate for 1922-1952 , plus or minus three million depending on whether or not you include famine victims . 
  we can add lenin 's red scare , which killed about 100,000 . 
  there were a few incidents between 1952-1959 , but the overall number of deaths from oppression is in the tens of thousands . 
   either way its bad and not acceptable . 
  calling out propaganda is not the same as thinking stalin was an alright guy . 
  yes , the ussr killed millions of people . 
  yes , it 's bad . 
  no , it 's not acceptable . 
  this should be pretty clear stuff . 
  i do n't think bullshit propaganda should be acceptable either , regardless of how bad the target of the propaganda is . 
  what about the verbs ? 
  venezuela is a lot of things , but bolivarian socialism is not communism nor is it sliding towards communism unless you 're just using communism as a synonym for totalitarianism and ignoring the rest of the ideology . 
  memorize this and you 're good to go with the verb * sein * . 
  subject | verb, 
  if you struggle with other verbs or tenses or declensions or whatever , canoo.net is a great resource . 
  look up the word and klick on `` wortformen '' and you 'll get nice tables that tell you almost everything you need to know . 
  i do n't know about georgia , but in alabama deep-frying stuff was at least a weekly event when i was growing up . 
  we never had a deep-fryer , though . 
  the fact that the state does not provide nor is it tasked with providing toilet paper is a huge distinction . 
  it 's not even like they have a monopoly on toilet paper or do n't allow private businesses to sell toilet paper . 
  it 's a full-out economic collapse . 
  there are a lot of factors causing the economic problems and shortages in venezuela . 
  the government is full of idiots , and the business owners are going holodmor kulak and hoarding goods instead of selling them . 
  good guys are few and far between in venezuela 's ruling classes right now from either the government side or the private sector ( a communist state would n't have and they historically have n't had private sectors with meaningful power like business owners still do in venezuela .
