  the latinists , on the other hand , tended to overlap more with the history department and were more likely to be unusually conservative for their age . 
  not necessarily politically , but their dress , manner of speech , sticklers for the rules , etc. 
  not really relevant , i know . 
  of course these are very broad generalizations , but i think classicists are a fun group to watch . 
  it 's a field that definitely attracts some characters . 
  i 'm sorry we 're assholes sometimes , but do n't let that turn you off . 
  why do you feel like powerpoint is a necessity ? 
  i had never seen them used regularly in a language classroom until i went to china , and let 's just say i did n't find anything i felt like would make my teaching more effective . 
  powerpoints can be good tools in the right context , but i 'd say as day-to-day use , other visual aids are usually more effective . 
  i could n't make a good powerpoint to save my soul , but i 'd never thought about it having a significant influence on my teaching . 
  it used to be boardwork , but i knew my boards were unorganized and a mess so i started planning it as a part of my preparation and i feel pretty confident about it now . 
  i 've never been good at keeping students from speaking their native language in monocultural classrooms . 
  sometimes it 's easy and the students really try to avoid it , which is great . 
  and if they 're explaining grammar points to each other or something , i 'll usually let them and correct or add where necessary . 
  but sometimes i get classes where no matter how many times they start talking about a discussion topic in their l1 , and no matter how many times i tell them that 's great and interesting and get them to repeat/continue in english , they still ca n't keep the discussion in english for more than a few sentences . 
  consider crossposting to / r/tefl _ blacklist as well . 
  though i have to say as someone in small town china , this sounds like a pretty normal chinese work environment to me . 
  i know of three schools in town that do n't operate on the `` take as much as you can until they leave '' policy , and about four that do . 
  you have to drive really hard to get what you want , and figure out how you have some kind of power even though they 're holding all the cards ( your visa , your money , maybe your apartment ) . 
  i know this is really cynical , but you ca n't slack off negotiating in china , and everything is always up for negotiation . 
  think of it from the chinese business perspective : what do they have to gain from paying you ? 
  if the answer is nothing or too intangible , you likely wo n't get paid . 
  the republic is written as a dialogue with socrates as the main character . 
  plato said it through the character socrates . 
  i 'm melungeon , and can pass for anything from white to arab . 
  i 'd never get mistaken for a local in northern europe , and germans sometimes think i 'm of italian heritage , but anywhere south of there i blend in pretty well . 
  i 've also met a few brits who thought i was a southern european who learned american english , due not only to my looks but also because i speak abnormally standard english with foreigners because i learned it when i was in middle school ( i had a ridiculous appalachian accent when i was a child ) . 
  no experiences that are particularly interesting . 
  when i was living in spain , arabs would generally start talking to me in arabic . 
  local spaniards would ask me for directions all the time . 
  that actually happens in most every country where i look local , and i have no idea what about my face makes me attract it so much . 
  i get randomly screened every time i go through the airport in germany . 
  may be related . 
  most people in mexico and central america see me as a gringo , but i 've been mistaken for a spaniard a couple of times . 
  at home in the us , i 'm white . 
  my great-grandmother looked kind of black , but mostly everybody on the mountain looks like me ( most of us are related heh ) , so it 's never really an issue . 
  it 's not uncommon for people who grow up going through a school system that teaches in a non-native language . 
  say you 're from india , and you speak tamil , telugu and hindi but went to an english school . 
  you likely will be more comfortable using english in professional or academic settings , your native language in other settings , but there is no language which you feel is dominant in most aspects of your life . 
  i remember reading questions like this on this forum and others from people from pakistan , india , and singapore , so you 're not alone . 
  i may be misunderstanding your question , though . 
  in class they teach putonghua , which some 1.3 billion people can understand , and most but not all of those 1.3 billion can speak it as well . 
  there are other languages , like cantonese or taiwanese minnan , which are mutually unintelligible , but in mainland china and taiwan , everyone will understand putonghua ( standard mandarin ) , so you should n't worry about it . 
  your biggest issue will be not understanding people from non-mandarin-speaking parts of china when they talk among themselves . 
  wuerling is mostly correct , but mandarin does have a lot of dialectical diversity . 
  not as much as wu languages , but it 's not always easy to understand . 
  i live in a small town whose native dialect is a variety of central plains mandarin , and everyone just assumes outsiders ca n't understand them . 
  and it 's difficult without some accommodation , as far as i can tell . 
  but to recap , classes will teach standard mandarin , or possibly beijing/taipei mandarin , none of which are awfully different . 
  the only people who will not understand you are some very old people who do n't watch tv , some overseas chinese who have n't gone to school in china , and some hong kongers . 
  your concerns are understandable , but the ccp has done an effective job at promoting standard mandarin as the lingua franca , so you have nothing to worry about . 
  it 's approximately twice as hard as studying one language . 
  turkish is n't any grammatically closer to english than japanese is , and they 've dealt with that okay . 
  try imitating a snoring sound , pulling air in instead of pushing it out . 
  after feeling the movement , it 's easier to do the same thing breathing out and voicing it . 
  that 's how i finally got the hang of it , anyways . 
  i googled gcse , but i 'm still not sure what level it is , so i 'll just lay out where i got most of my reading experience from . 
  post-textbook beginner :, 
  if you see something easy to read , follow it , whether you 're interested or not . 
  it 's hard to get native content you can understand early . 
  subtitles for easy to understand shows . 
  i think the awful romance soaps are the easiest to understand , but cartoons or police dramas might can work too . 
  plus you get to practice your listening . 
  chatting on something like hellotalk or getting a penpal would be good , though i did n't start until later . 
  lord knows there are enough people your age on there . 
  edit : by the way , do n't expect to understand this stuff as a beginner . 
  just read what you can , and if it 's way out of your league do n't worry about it . 
  when you watch the shows , focus on understanding what you can , not everything . 
  intermediate :, 
  news and manga are great at this level . 
  pick news you 're interested in and can understand a relatively large amount of . 
  probably more like `` celebrity on diet caught eating hot dog '' than politics or economics . 
  the chairman 's bao is great . 
  if it were around when i was at a lower level , i would have used it a lot . 
  it may be just what you 're looking for now . 
  when i came across the article , i looked for an english source to post but i could n't find one . 
  tl ; dr is the title pretty much . 
  the problem is that the posters are n't looking for information . 
  there 's plenty of that on the internet already . 
  they 're looking for human interaction and personal advice , which nothing in the faq will help . 
  german :, 
  [ marteria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmg_x9lhmc ) . 
  this has been stuck in my head this week . 
  [ fard & snaga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzynhc1iong ), 
  misho & kurdo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyr5twqls48 ), 
  du maroc & kurdo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1yrklzjv8m ), 
  shadowing is a good learning technique for building fluency and developing native-like prosody , but it 's not that great for your accent otherwise . 
  i would take small chunks of texts , starting with sentences , that you listen to and repeat until you can say them perfectly , then shadow ( or record ) and compare . 
  after you can correctly pronounce every sound in succession at proper speed and with proper intonation , move on to another text . 
  fluency comes from speaking at length , but to nail down the phonemes it 's better to practice the same thing over and over . 
  i honestly do n't understand the other side of this argument . 
  why is this the only country sub on reddit where some people might like to use a different language , but are not allowed to ? 
  why is it so hard to ignore posts you ca n't understand ? 
  why do so few people on a subreddit about china speak chinese ? 
  if there were a more inclusive language policy , would we have more chinese posters ? 
  why ca n't they use a tag system like some of the news subreddits so you can filter stuff out if it bothers you ? 
  how , after so much drama and arguments , are there no chinese mods ? 
  whatever , it is what it is . 
  too bad / r/sino turned out to be an extension of / r/asianmasculinity . 
  why would you need to change the method of teaching for korean ?
