  with kids that age , just playing and talking to them in english like you would in french goes a long way . 
  if they 're only getting a couple of hours a week , it wo n't do more than give them a headstart for school english and improve their accent anyways . 
  mostly by source . 
  glcn0001 for the first fifty sentences of glossika mandarin , asyy1 for the first lesson of assimil cantonese , etc. 
  if i pulled the sentence from a book i 'll generally abbreviate the title and follow it with the page number . 
  sometimes i use tags if i need to fix a card on the computer later , but i 'll usually just mark it . 
  [ this article ] ( http://slavenorth.com/columns/pronoun.htm ) from the same site cracked me up . 
  i 'll try to hit the high points :, 
   i woke up this morning and discovered i do n't know the difference between men and women . 
  might want to lay off the sauce . 
   i pointed out that pronouns did n't seem like they ought to be negotiable , and that the media ought to stick to its guns and not change essential facts and realities of a thing just to make some source happy . 
  essential facts and realities ? 
  i love it when personal views are couched in objective language . 
   i could tell by the look i got in return that i had strayed from the fold of `` sensitivity '' into `` judgmentalism . '', 
  ca n't imagine why . 
   i can legally change my name to `` cat '' and get whiskers surgically implanted . 
  i can file my teeth and eat cat food and lick my ass an lie around the house all day . 
  i do n't think that makes me a `` cat . '', 
  pretty much no difference between trans people and trans cats , right ? 
   but i was pretty much told by my deskmates to shut up about it or else . 
  i was compared to a former co-worker who used to get irrationally worked up over trivial things . 
  yeah , because you 're uncomfortably transphobic ? 
  or since you seem like the kind of person who does n't like that use of - phobic , anti-trans ? 
  or because other people do n't spend so much time thinking about whether someone else still has a johnson because they do n't care ? 
   but this is about language , communication , and , right down at the core , telling the truth . 
  by referring to someone by their gender instead of their `` physiology '' , i 'm not telling the truth . 
  or referring to someone named julie in a dress and lipstick as `` she '' hinders communication . 
  right . 
   one thousand years of using english language pronouns based on physiology just went out the window . 
  the way you describe it , it seems like the past 1000 years of english speakers have all been like crocodile dundee , where they have to grab it when they meet someone new just to make sure . 
  it 'd be terrible to accidentally refer to someone the way they present themselves . 
  cherokee makes languages like chinese or japanese look like lightweights . 
  6 tones which can carry lexical or grammatical information , three numbers , clusivity , verbs that agree with subjects , objects , and sometimes the shape of the objects . 
  at least it 's , not considering tones , fairly easy to pronounce , even though it does distinguish vowel length and has nasal vowels and that tl sound which can be tricky for english speakers . 
  oh , and borderline random aspiration and glottal stops which you ca n't see in the written language , which can sometimes affect the meaning of the word . 
  i 'm sure there are other languages , american and otherwise , that are even more difficult , but if we 're looking for the single hardest language regardless of size , mandarin/arabic/etc . 
  he 's a han essentialist and a racist . 
  i do n't see how anyone could read his book and look at what he 's doing and think he 's a leftist , so i 'm not sure how to respond further . 
  the textbooks are all very low level and not great even for that , so it 's a real pain . 
  i started a couple months ago memorizing the examples from the reference grammar and listening to a bunch of old radio shows . 
  will report back with results in five years haha . 
  i think the difference is as much analysis as anything else . 
  i remember an interview with a north carolina speaker on youtube where he 's explaining the tones and it does n't seem much different from oklahoma . 
   the toxic nature of western social values, 
  which values in particular do you find toxic ? 
  how do they compare with chinese attitudes towards similar topics ? 
  i would recommend only using sentences you find as opposed to creating them yourself . 
  as a beginner , that 's probably mostly from textbooks/podcasts/whatever , but you can also find simple sentences in twitter , tatoeba , dictionary example sentences , subtitles of tv shows , and by googling , among other places . 
  if you use hellotalk or something like that , you can also use sentences you see while chatting with your language partner . 
  getting sentences like that not only ensures that your sentences are correct and natural , but will also help you with your lack of variation problem . 
  plus sometimes having audio to go with them . 
  `` sentence mining '' is something you might find worth googling as someone who uses sentences on flashcards . 
  sadly enough , the closest thing to a phrasebook is `` talking trash in cherokee '' , and if you can figure out what the anglified sight spellings are supposed to be , it 's good for some of the day to day words and phrases . 
   japan does not have this variation . 
  changing between on and kun readings is very , very similar to changing between borrowed words of french origin ( foreign , presitigious = chinese/on ) and native english words ( non-sinoxenic/kun ) . 
  i think you 're not separating the japanese language from its writing system enough . 
  on readings are chinese loanwords . 
  kun readings are native japanese words . 
  as it happens , they are both written with the same character , but that 's arbitrary , like all writing systems . 
  if we spelled the words beef and cow both as b-e-e-f but used and pronounced them the same way we do now , that would n't make them the same word any more than \u3046\u3057 and \u304e\u3085\u3046 ( \u306b\u304f ) are the same word . 
  they 're not , they 're just written the same . 
  both french words in english and sinoxenic words in japanese are loanwords coming from languages with comparable societal relationships to the native languages . 
  japanese just often writes the chinese loanwords the same way it writes the japanese words ( or more accurately , writes the japanese words the same way it does the chinese loans ) . 
  to address the idea of adaptation , the loanwords from chinese were just chinese words pronounced with japanese sounds . 
  the same way the loanwords from french were french words pronounced with english sounds . 
  like pretty much all loanwords . 
  sorry , i think i might have misread laniur 's post . 
  i thought they were talking about how japanese did n't have a variation between words from `` high language '' / `` peasant language '' like english had french in general . 
  you 're right that it was n't exactly the same , and that the way the prestigious loanwords are used is different in many cases . 
   while the kanji readings ( on/kun ) are different , the bases are no different . 
  i especially took issue to the last sentence . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what is meant by bases , but on and kun readings are different morphemes from different origins . 
   japan does not have this variation . 
  i also disagreed with that sentence , but after reading your comment , i think i may have misunderstood it . 
  `` japan does not have the same variation of using native words for animals and chinese loanwords for food '' is correct , as far as i know . 
  but in describing the relationship of chinese loanwards in japanese to french loanwords in english generally , i 'd still disagree with that statement . 
  i also - at least as far as i understand it - disagree whole-heartedly with the distinction between adaptation and substitution . 
  use your desire to study different languages as a reward for studying the language you really want to learn . 
  for example , if you read about xhosa last week and want to learn it because it sounds really cool but you really think you should stick to spanish , let yourself study xhosa every day only after you 've studied spanish for an hour . 
  \u8c61\u68cb\u738b is the one about go . 
  [ zombie brother ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq3yr8c0ra0 ) is a great show and has engrish subs . 
  i would just like a dictionary as good as pleco is for chinese . 
  hey , how are you ? 
  good , and you ? 
  pretty good . 
  so how have you been ? 
  this is how conversations generally go ( southern us here ) when someone legitimately wants to know how the other is doing . 
  the first how are you is purely a greeting . 
  if you actually care , you follow it up with another question . 
  and answering anything besides good/fine/etc . 
  to the first question is pretty much unheard of unless someone you know has died that day or you just had an accident . 
  it 's a good way to get weird looks , though . 
  mostly that it 's not an app . 
  i i do n't have internet for most of my commute , so not being available offline is a big problem . 
  it 's also lacking some of the features pleco has ( flashcards , ocr ) , but that does n't bother me because i do n't really use them . 
  what distinction are you making between offense and crime ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out the german words you mean but i 'm not sure . 
  and thanks a lot for the first-hand perspective : ), 
  for any other americans reading this who did n't know , it 's roughly misdemeanor and felony . 
  seems obvious now , but i guess i 'm a bit slow today .
