  why would you call a classic car an oldtimer ? 
  why would you call a male model a dressman ? 
  why would you call a facial mask a peeling ? 
  why would you call a cell phone a handy ? 
  no idea , but germans do it anyways . 
  no , it was n't confusion . 
  when used as `` was going to '' , it 's still simple past . 
  it is the same use as my example i quoted ( if you apply the same context ) and the example you commented on . 
  i feel kind of vindicated for my occasional spells where i have to get out of germany for a week when i see other people being frustrated by their arrogance . 
  see , listening to people talk about big cities feels like bizarro world for me sometimes . 
  it feels like it takes forever to get anywhere in a big city . 
  traffic is too bad to get anywhere by car fast , so you 've got ta walk or take public transportation , none of which are particularly fast . 
  in a small town , everything is more or less in one place . 
  they 're not called wide places in the road for no reason . 
  in rural areas , there 's not really any central place to be far from . 
  i mean , if you assume people always need entertainment and a place to be sociable , you 'd have a point , but i normally just hang around at my house or a friend 's house . 
  if we get bored we can fish , play music , play chess , grill , or whatever , but normally we just sit around and shoot the shit . 
  you can meet people at church or festivals or softball or whatever , but most of the actual socializing does n't happen at places like that in my experience . 
  you just have to get invited once , very easy in a small town/rural area because people are friendly , then you 're good to go . 
  if you do n't like them , get invited by other people and try again . 
  what you said is that when used with the sense of `` was going to '' , wollte is the konj . 
  that 's not right . 
  it 's still pr\u00e4teritum . 
  yeah , i dropped fifteen pounds like a rock when i first moved abroad , and i did n't consider myself all that chubby beforehand . 
  if i 'm back in the states for a month i get at least five back , sometimes closer to ten, 
  i can attribute more of that to cultural differences and make peace with it in some way or another . 
  it can still be frustrating , but it 's easier to blame myself . 
  some of the arrogance is just the way they communicate , but most of it is just the default assumption that my way/the german way is the right way . 
  like the assumption that german bread is the best , or rather `` real '' bread . 
  everyone does that to an extent , but germans are masters at it . 
  i love the term . 
  keep flying over and forgetting we exist until election season comes around . 
  maybe if you ignore and look down on us some more we 'll elect someone who really pisses you off . 
  oh wait , that 's exactly what happened . 
  i wish the election had gone differently ( i mostly blame the dnc and more generally the two-party system ) , but i loved the tears of all the coastal liberals who could n't believe it . 
  i know you would n't . 
  you 're german . 
  you are almost definitely used to people giving you their opinions with minimal cushioning . 
  i 'm saying that americans are n't always comfortable giving direct criticisms and get misinterpreted by germans sometimes . 
  kin would be a widening of the word to be more like north germanic . 
  also , what is \u00d6nglish ? 
  i googled and got nothing . 
  not yet , but i can say i prefer the first three seasons of rebels to the first three seasons of tcw . 
  which one i like better will depend on how they wrap it up . 
   every type of bread is easy accessible at the bread aisle here in germany . 
  it sounds to us like you 're implying it 's different in the usa , even after we 've answered . 
  english speakers communicate by reading between the lines . 
  you 'll get used to it with enough exposure . 
  heh , i have it brought up by at least half the people i meet . 
  everyone wants to talk about trump . 
  i do n't really think we should care what they say . 
  that said , we should be able to see how fucked our system is and fix it ourselves , but apparently that 's too difficult for us . 
  i do n't really think we should care what they say . 
  that said , we should be able to see how fucked our system is and fix it ourselves , but apparently that 's too difficult for us . 
  one of the things i love about germany is that i have to explain what a deductible or provider network is . 
  they have no idea because they have a sensible healthcare system . 
  kind also has an already established meaning and would need context to refer specifically to sex or gender . 
  i picked kin because it 's less common than kind , but i guess it could go either way, 
  it 's too sweet and not nearly bready enough , but to each their own . 
  i know i 'm in the minority on this one . 
  about the same , i think . 
  one is a lot more useful than the other , but being able to get around and do basic tourist stuff in 10 languages is pretty cool and not a small feat . 
  no and no . 
  not a big youtuber , do n't know . 
  luca is pretty good , is n't he ? 
  i think it 's a stupid word used mostly so people can feel special . 
  lots of people speak four or five languages and are just , you know , people who speak a few languages . 
  i do n't think that 's how most people use the word hacking , and i think it 's bullshit anyways . 
  what you 're describing is just some people 's hobby . 
  yes , it 's different from learning one language well , but it 's the same basic interest . 
  almost every american high school graduate who can goes to college . 
  it 's a big deal because it 's kind of a coming-of-age ceremony , not because it 's rare . 
  the cat is on the chair . 
  `` the cat is onto the chair '' mal\u011dustas , do vi diras `` la kato estas sur la se\u011do . '', 
  she put the cat on the chair . 
  `` she put the cat onto the chair '' \u011dustas , do vi diras '' \u015ci metis la katon sur la se\u011don '' . 
  '' \u015ci veturis bicikle en la urbo '' = she rode her bike around in the city , maybe for fun . 
  '' \u015ci veturis bicikle en la urbon '' = she rode her bike to/into the city , from somewhere else . 
   if u interpret something wich i dont even wrote its your own fault . 
  if u dont want to make wrong conclusions you should never read between lines, 
  `` i 'm going to enforce my cultural values and norms onto other people and languages because i 'm an arrogant , pretentious kraut . '', 
  ftfy, 
  you can think of it kind of like the difference between the word foot and the prefix pod - or ped - . 
  not exactly , of course , but that 's the idea . 
  one is the modern word , one is a classical word used in modern compounds . 
  it 's a lot easier for french speakers because many organizations in canada are required by law to have french-speaking personnel , which can be hard to come by in places like british columbia , so they import it . 
  judging by their posting history , they 're non-binary , so probably closer to gender bender or gnc-with-a-trendy-name than transsexual . 
  if you 're in a field where you can take advantage of it , it 's a very good way to get a visa to get your foot in the door . 
  good luck with whatever !, 
  again , this is a german perspective . 
  anglophone communication puts more responsibility on the speaker to make sure their message is received as intended . 
  but of course you do n't see the difference and assume the way you do it is normal and right , because you 're an arrogant kraut . 
  i 'm just calling it like i see it . 
  i thought directness was good , no ? 
  and who are you to say i have no reason ? 
  apparently other people in the thread thought you were being offensive , too . 
  it 's your problem if you do n't like how people act when you offend them . 
  depends on context . 
  did you just tell everyone else they had a pretty face and then compliment his shoes ? 
  then yeah it 's your problem .
