  `` were '' , or less formally `` was '' , would be a subjunctive referring to an unreal action in the present , which does n't fit with the rest of the sentence . 
  you 're right that were is wrong because it does n't refer to the past , but `` was '' is not correct either , because it 's not for unreal situations . 
  * if i were there , i would have stopped the killer . 
  this is wrong , because me i was n't there ( subj ) and it happened in the past ( past subjunctive ) . 
  `` if i was there , i would have stopped the killer . '', 
  there are two ways to interpret `` was '' here . 
  either it 's a past indicative , in which case it 's wrong because it 's an unreal situation and should be subjunctive . 
  or you can interpret it as subjunctive , in which case it has the same problems as the first sentence . 
  `` if i had been there , i would have stopped the killer . '', 
  this is correct , because `` had been '' is a subjunctive use to refer to past unreal events/circumstances/etc . 
  it matches the past conditional `` would have '' . 
  as a classics enthusiast i see lots of parallels between the united states and rome . 
  commenters have covered most of the points i think are important already , so i 'll just leave some relevant wisdom from the ancients , namely cato the elder through plutarch . 
   he censured his fellow citizens for choosing the same men over and over again to high office . 
  ` you will be thought , ' said he , ` not to deem your offices worth much , or else not to deem many men worthy of your offices . ', 
   ` surely , ' some one said to him , ` he is an excellent man , and a friend of rome . ' ` granted , ' said cato , ` but the animal known as king is by nature carnivorous . ', 
   wise men , he said , profited more from fools than fools from wise men, 
  and the greek , in the event some other nerd is interested and because there are tons of fake quotes from classical figures out there . 
  the two examples you give are n't necessarily unreal . 
  the forms of the following are equivalent :, 
  past perfect progressive indicative = past progressive subjunctive, 
  past perfect indicative = past subjunctive, 
  i was just not specifying the aspect of past perfect because it works the same in both aspects . 
   also are you saying that there is no past progressive subjunctive ? 
  no , not at all . 
  past subjunctive : if i had written the speech , it would have been much better . 
  i wish i had written the speech . 
  past subjunctive progressive : if i had been writing when you called , i would n't have answered . 
  present subjunctive : if i wrote my essays more carefully , they would be better . 
  i wish my aunt wrote more often . 
  present subjunctive progressive : if i were writing , i would n't be on facebook right now . 
  i wish i were writing a love letter . 
  future subjunctive : if i were to write a novel , i would write a thriller . 
  future subjunctive progressive : probably exists , but not common . 
  all examples i can think of with writing would sound forced . 
  mandative subjunctive : i insist he write his assignment at home . 
  i recommend she write more slowly next time . 
  mandative subjunctive progressive : it is essential that he be writing when the guest walks in . 
  mandative perfect subjunctive : i recommend she have written her essay before her meeting with the professor . 
   why do you consider them real situations ? 
  are n't they all situations or actions that are not known to have happened as the speaker is talking ? 
  ( i.e. 
  irrealis ) all the examples listed are hypothetical . 
  hypothetical does n't make something unreal . 
  in the past , rather than thinking about things that are `` not known to have happened '' , you 'd probably be more successful thinking about things that are `` known to not have happened '' , if you 'll excuse the split infinitive . 
  it 's a definite gray area , but when in doubt , look to context for help . 
   `` if he was unhappy , he did n't show it . '', 
  `` if i was at the party last night , i do n't remember it . '', 
  look at the apodosis in these two . 
  neither of them are unreal . 
  that would be `` he would have shown it '' or `` i would have remembered it '' . 
  mixed conditionals exist , but when i hear the first sentence , i assume somebody has a reason to think he was unhappy . 
  the real , indicative apodosis matches the indicative protasis , which may very possibly be real . 
  i assume this is a backshifted present subjunctive ( i guess in this case the alternate name mandative subjunctive makes more sense ) , and i understand it , but i do n't think i 've ever heard it before . 
  i would n't recommend using it . 
  i do n't much care for op 's organization of the future here . 
  to me , it makes sense to divide the future up into four major forms , the first two of which have perfect and/or progressive forms :, 
  1 . going to future, 
  2 . will future, 
  3 . present progressive as future, 
  4 . timetable future, 
  assuming the target audience is non-natives . 
  as you pointed out in another comment , the word `` will '' is more complicated than that . 
  read . 
  since i graduated i 've read some livy , marcus aurelius , caesar , and some of the vulgate . 
  i do n't commit to anything , just make sure it 's on the bedside table . 
  i do n't read latin as much as i do greek , but then again i do n't like reading latin as much as i do greek . 
  since neither is professionally relevant to me , i do n't see much point in stressing about it . 
  my latin not as good as it used to be , but as long as i read a few times a month i do n't notice it slipping too too much . 
  i just have to go to the dictionary more than i used to . 
  i actually think my greek has gotten better in the last five years . 
  hungarians and greeks come to mind off the top of my head . 
  i would n't be surprised to see more states gets bitter about how much control germany has the more they federalize . 
  hungary has had its share of clashes with eu law . 
  expecting a right-leaning electorate not to get upset as their national government loses power to the eu seems overly optimistic . 
  as a german speaker who 's spent time in greece , i can tell you there 's definitely some bad blood . 
  even if it 's for economic reasons , we ca n't look at the military integration of europe in isolation . 
  increased federalization of any kind has a good chance of embittering countries and ethnicities who did n't think they were signing up to give up sovereignty . 
  i expect to see this mostly in eastern europe , where nationalism is less taboo . 
  the armed ethnic divisions were mostly kept at a simmer while yugoslavia/serbia was strong and united . 
  it 's not like i think greeks are going to take up arms over interest rates , but get enough countries that feel oppressed ( real oppression optional ) and all you 're missing is a little instability ( germany elects a nutter , economic collapse , etc. ), 
  and a spark for things to get ugly . 
  like you i doubt it will come to war in europe anytime soon , but there could be serious consequences to ongoing centralization . 
  i do n't blame current american soldiers for fighting to preserve american imperialism , because i know that 's not why most of them are there . 
  i extend the same courtesy to confederates who were n't pro-slavery . 
  i 'm still talking about lee , too . 
  and romanian , sanskrit , greek ... 
   do the right thing, 
  if another country invaded the us , i would fight for the us , regardless of how much i politically agree with the invaders , because it 's my home . 
  lee chose loyalty to his home . 
  i do n't see that as going out of his way or necessarily the wrong thing to do . 
  [ rutracker ] ( http://rutracker.org/forum/index.php ), 
  they 've got a great selection . 
  things like this are why i would never in a million years take another language class . 
  so many questions that are only tangentially related to knowing how to speak german . 
  why would n't 4 . a ) be a backshifted present subjunctive as well ? 
  it does n't surprise me that baltimore took down statues of a foreign general , but i see lee as a representative of all the confederates fighting for their home . 
  a lot of the south 's problems to this day come from the mass appropriation of southern resources and capital by yankee companies during the reconstruction . 
  i support lee 's choice especially in hindsight . 
  i know three people moved to greenville recently .
