  google `` speed read chinese vs english '' and the first page is all people arguing about it . 
  chinese characters are unquestionably more information dense . 
  twitter is a different platform in chinese because of how much more you can write in 140 characters . 
  chinese translations of books are much shorter page-wise . 
  using the characters for mandarin also makes learning classical chinese , an important part of chinese education , much easier . 
  studying the classics in the original during high school would be unfeasible if the students were learning characters from scratch at the same time , and classical chinese rendered in pinyin is nearly unintelligible . 
  the indo-european expansion seems to coincide with the taming of the horse , so it 's reasonable to assume that 's a relevant reason . 
  their knowledge of the wheel was also a factor . 
  we now know that indoeuropean cultures like the corded ware culture coexisted with earlier cultures for a time , so these innovations in transportation probably played the biggest role . 
  they could move long distances quickly . 
  from epics , we can also gather that they were a militaristic , patriarchal culture who glorified warriors and battle . 
  it 's been proposed that indo-europeans had a warrior class . 
  of course there 's plenty of debate about this , but basically a fast-moving , technologically capable society organized around a military is going to go where it pleases when moving into an area inhabited by small communities of relatively peaceful pastoralists . 
  there were other factors , as well . 
  not every part of europe was small bands of cow herders minding their business . 
  i 'm more familiar with greece than anywhere else , but the eruption of santorini played a role in the downfall of minoan civilization , which was then supplanted by the indoeuropean mycenaeans . 
  tl ; dr it 's complicated , but it 's safe to say that technology played a role , and most people will say that the indoeuropeans ' military culture and organization played a role . 
  it would n't be an article about alabama without someone talking about how huntsville is different in the comments . 
   the german w is similar to the english w , except : in english the lips do n't touch . 
  in german , the lower lip touches the upper teeth . 
  comparing it to an english v would have been simpler and more correct . 
  they 're the same phoneme ( / v / ) and negligibly different . 
  if you tell someone to make an english w and touch their lip to their upper teeth , you 're still left with lip rounding that neither german < w  nor english < v  normally have . 
  for the last sound of zwanzig , ending in / k / is perfectly acceptable . 
  if you want to say / \u00e7 / , though , what i find easiest is putting your mouth in the position to say english < y  as in yes ( / j / ) , and then only blowing air out . 
  if you know spanish , it 's the sound in the middle of ella but without your throat buzzing . 
  are you talking about the labiodental approximate [ \u028b ] ? 
  it 's just an allophone of / v / in some positions , and i doubt germans would even notice the difference . 
  they 'd probably even use [ v ] if they 're reading or speaking very carefully . 
  i actually just tried the `` which one sounds better '' thing on the german next to me , saying zwanzig with a [ v ] and a [ \u028b ] and they could n't hear the difference . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think your aversion to the american v is a dutch thing , not a german one . 
  either way , op is having trouble getting the sounds out . 
  an english / v / would be perfectly fine for the time being , but a / w / would be a stereotypical , very non-native anglophone accent . 
  edit : i just looked it up and yes , / \u028b / is a phoneme in dutch . 
  that 's why it sounds so different to you . 
   similarity to their language, 
  yes , i agree completely . 
   you seem to be getting really heated about this so just know this is a difference of opinion . 
  sometimes linguists get heated because people that do n't understand the basics seem to think their ignorance is an `` opinion '' to be seriously discussed . 
  personally , it does n't bother me until the person refuses to accept correction , but being in a field everyone thinks they 're an expert in and qualified to give an opinion about can be frustrating . 
  it 's not just pedantic , it demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of why words mean what they do . 
   in a couple of days, 
  why not after a couple of days ? 
  it 's more scientific and correct . 
  what do you think using `` in '' instead of `` after '' here says about our culture ? 
  are you talking about translation or some kind of mystical decoding ? 
  qp , you 've been at this for 14 hours now . 
  you should be coming down . 
  from your post history it seems like you handle your mental differences with weed , so if you 're sober , it 's time to toke up . 
  it 's in gadsden . 
  definitely worth your time to go by if you 're in the area . 
  is n't the chinese script pretty much morphemic ? 
  `` between ban and me '' is correct . 
  prepositions take the oblique case ( me/him/her / them/us ) . 
  yes , make fun of them for relating to football . 
  that will help . 
  i never liked trump and i disagree with him on pretty much every position he does manage to hold ( except free trade ) , but i have to say his interactions with the media are endearing him to me a bit . 
  he refuses to let anyone shift the narrative and feels no shame . 
  he does n't filter what he says much , and that 's a certain type of honesty that 's lacking in politics . 
  unfortunately , what he thinks is incoherent , sometimes deceitful , and often factually wrong , but hey , got ta start somewhere . 
  i like that he pisses off the intelligence community . 
  they have too much power ; it 's undemocratic . 
  i like the salty liberal tears . 
  it 's so funny watching the way the few principled dems criticize him compared to the russians-did-it nonsense . 
  if we 're lucky we might even get a party that represents the working class out of this . 
  and it 's like you said , big chunks of the power structure are against him . 
  i may not be able to see what he 's doing right , because it looks like not much from here , but it 's obviously something to get so many people i think are ruining the country so pissed off at him . 
  then again , he 's hired the rest of the people who are ruining the country , but still , better than my rock-bottom expectations . 
  well you could try instead of not engaging with people or just insulting them . 
  yes , pronouns in the oblique case , also called object pronouns . 
  how is the quality on the audio ? 
  i have a copy of the audiobooks i downloaded a long time ago , but the quality is so bad i never used them much . 
  the / r/iamverysmart version of ` clearly ' . 
  i do n't know if one is necessarily more correct than the other . 
  if you use was , you 're treating `` labradors and poodles '' as a singular combo . 
  i do n't think it can agree with the word combo in the predicate , however . 
  we say `` that 's you '' , not `` that are you . '', 
  in something formal i would use `` were '' , simply because having your verb agree with the subjects as written is usually a safer choice and easier to defend . 
  neither one sounds wrong to me . 
  i heard of them first in latin class in college , then forgot about them and learned about them again when i moved to germany . 
  i do n't think they 're too common in the us . 
  more common words are less likely to be regularized , which for english verbs means they start using - ed to form the past tense . 
  lighted is plenty common as an adjective in american english , by the way . 
  light has been incompletely regularized . 
  derived words like highlight and alight have been completely regularized . 
  it 's similar to the reason we only have a case system in our pronouns ( super common words ) and conjugate the word `` be '' for more than just third person singular . 
  words we use all the time do n't change that quickly . 
  they produce coal in china as well . 
  this delays chinese producers losing buyers as demand drops . 
  importing coal from nk means less demand for domestic coal . 
  wow , it 's almost like there 's a ton of anti-communist propaganda about soviet prisons . 
  when did they have an abjad ? 
  i thought it went straight from chu nom to romanization . 
   colloquial german, 
  vietnam , along with korea and japan , used chinese characters to write for most of its history . 
  romanization became required in the early 1900s under the french government . 
  vietnam never had an abjad like the india influenced cultures near it . 
  it was squarely in china 's sphere of influence . 
  i love the latinist sense of humor, 
  educating people regarding common misconceptions about sandwich anatomy , it would seem .
