  some people can sit down and read a book or watch a movie they understand 50 % of and it not bother or strain them at all , other people get bothered if they have to look up a word more than once a page . 
  i 've heard well-respected language learners give percentages of how many words you should understand to get the most out of a book that range from 80 % -98 % . 
  yes , because i 'm killing time on reddit , not writing an academic paper . 
  then harry potter would be fine , or maybe even try a few pages of an easier classic like im westen nichts neues and see how it goes . 
  if it 's too hard , too time-consuming , too frustrating , or whatever , then pick something easier . 
  people have switched with me a grand total of once in years in germany without me explicitly saying where i 'm from , and even then it 's very rare . 
  i do n't know where that stereotype comes from . 
  that one time was like four weeks after i arrived and my german was still really bad . 
  it takes longer . 
  you can measure it in hours , if you want . 
  the point at which you can pass test b2 the the point at which you can pass test c1 . 
  it 's not a complicated question . 
  yeah , everyone i know on medicaid is just poor , not old . 
  i thought old people got medicare . 
  to me your last reason sounds better than the other ones . 
  it does n't really matter what the reason is , as long as it 's important enough to you to keep you going . 
  you 've piqued my interest now . 
  what book do you want to read that 's only available in german ? 
  if those are your only specifications then grab an audiobook and epub from rutracker and have a field day . 
  lithuanian might be a bit trickier , but glossika has a lithuanian course and they used to do demos . 
  there are also lithuanian textbooks and audio floating around the internet . 
   plus , i 've already seen screens of the lead character wearing shoes in his training facility ... really ? 
  i think you 're thinking of japan . 
  chinese martial artists often wear shoes inside . 
   review the first 50 sentences in the book to get an idea of what will be said . 
  then, 
  listen to the a files . 
  if you can , try to write all the sentences down from the files as, 
  dictation without looking at the text . 
  this will force you to differentiate all the, 
  sounds of the language . 
  if you do n't like using the a files , you can switch to the c, 
  files which only have the target language . 
  after dictation , check your work for any mistakes . 
  these mistakes should tell you a, 
  lot that you will improve on the next day . 
  go through the files once again , repeating all the sentences . 
  then record yourself, 
  saying all the sentences . 
  ideally , you should record these sentences four to five days, 
  in a row in order to become very familiar with them . 
  it sounds to me like they want you do dictation with 0001a or 0001c , then do 0001a , 0001b , and 0001c . 
  then go on to 0051 . 
  in truth , though , glossika is really flexible . 
  i personally like doing the c files for listening and shadowing practice , and then going back through and doing the b files to practice producing the sentences a bit later . 
  this is the [ h ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voiceless_velar_fricative ) . 
  this is the [ e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/close-mid_back_unrounded_vowel ) . 
  and of course , do n't forget about the tone . 
  but mostly i 'm commenting because i 'm pretty sure `` him and i '' is never correct english . 
  the cases need to match . 
  `` him and me '' or `` he and i '' . 
  you could record every sentence you practice that day . 
  have you downloaded the schedule guide and learning guide from their website ? 
  i think that would clear a lot of this up for you . 
  both are available here . 
  what does up stand for here ? 
  i get the feeling it 's not uttar pradesh , so i must be out of the loop . 
  huh . 
  seems like it was pretty popular . 
  i guess i just missed hearing about it somehow , thanks . 
  she would have been besties with merkel . 
  who would correct someone to ` him and i ' ? 
  either you need the subject pronouns or oblique pronouns , there are no cases where you need one of each . 
  \u53bb is the main verb . 
  without more context , i 'm not sure how i 'd translate \u8981 here . 
  since this would be an if clause in english , it 'd probably go untranslated or mean want . 
  \u5230 is used with \u53bb to give the destination , the place you 're going * to * . 
  the construction is \u5230somewhere\u53bb . 
  how else do you describe what you do to the meat ? 
  i 'm gon na stop with the food because i 'm hungry . 
  there 's also some common pseudo-spanish , like no problemo . 
  it also depends on where you live . 
  texans seem to use the word burro more often than donkey , but that does n't have much traction in alabama . 
   `` they teach without translation therefore it 's bad '', 
  that 's not as far off the mark as you might think . 
  most every major group pushing tl-only instruction these days has some sort of business interest in keeping it that way . 
  it used to be very trendy , but finally enough people realized wasting time miming to adults was pointless that it 's fallen out of favor a bit . 
   if you 're going to make chicken , pork , steak , hamburgers , or hot dogs on a grill , then you 're going to use the work `` cookout '' or `` grill '' as a verb , not `` barbecue . '', 
  it 's the same in alabama , and i also get bothered when people refer to cookouts as barbecues or confuse grilling and barbecuing . 
  i would still call the smoking process barbecuing , though , and it does n't sound weird as a verb . 
  in fact i 'd rarely use the word smoking in relation to delicious pork , i 'd just call it barbecuing . 
  engaging directly with the tl without any translations is still extremely useful , and most good classes will be primarily in the tl ( i personally think around 80 % -90 % is usually a good amount , depending on the level and student . 
  even just allowing students to ask and get answers and explanations in their l1 is as much as most students need ) . 
  books tend to use the l1 more , but there are also excellent tl-only or almost tl-only books . 
  i was specifically talking about the dogmatic adherence to tl-only as a goal in and of itself . 
  rosetta stone would benefit greatly from from some quick explanations or mouseover translations if you ca n't figure out the picture . 
  the whole esl industry promotes tl-only because it 's a good way to keep teachers plentiful and cheap , despite it being better to have someone who can communicate with their students in their native language in almost every case . 
  neither russian nor japanese has michel thomas himself on the recording . 
  there is a native speaker there assisting the non-native teacher . 
  some people think the courses with michel thomas himself are better , but i think the new set-up is a huge upgrade . 
  it 's as useful as any michel thomas course . 
  it gives you an overview of the most basic grammar you need to start forming sentences and a little vocab to go along with it . 
  oh sorry , that 's my bad memory . 
  the important thing is that they 're native speakers and not michel thomas and his accent . 
  yes , it comes with practice . 
  try delaying spanish subtitles a bit so you have to strain to understand it first before seeing what they said . 
  it depends on your current skill and level , how much previous exposure you 've had , and a whole host of other factors , but ... 
  i find it takes about a hundred or so hours of listening ( actual speech , not just a hundred hours of movies ) to get comfortable `` hearing '' the language , i.e. 
  being able to distinguish phonemes and words regardless how much spanish you understand written or spoken slowly . 
  that 's the part op seems to be struggling with .
