  it 's not our fault you 're not used to how americans communicate . 
  go complain about how the whole world does n't think like krauts to a more receptive audience . 
  \u4e2d - chinese, 
  \u65e5 - japanese, 
  notice it says sushi and asian food , not just chinese . 
  fdr was also called a fascist before the war in the usa . 
  fascist economic policy , though fundamentally different than marxist policies , is also a response to the excesses of capitalism and tends to distribute wealth downward to a certain extent . 
  that does n't make it leftist any more than being a national * socialist * made hitler a leftist . 
  `` being offended is wrong because i did n't want to offend anyone . '', 
  lol at your kraut obliviousness and arrogance, 
  dunkin is n't the best i 've ever had , but i would choose it over krispy kreme 10 times out of 10 . 
  i just prefer the breadier donuts . 
   if they universally had an issue with you , you 're the common denominator . 
  could be true for op , i do n't know , but it works the other way around , too . 
  the common denominator for people who get really bothered by me is that they 're rich . 
  there can be other common denominators of people you do n't get along with besides just you . 
  go somewhere that would attract people with similar interests as you . 
  if you really like billings , for example , you 'll probably have an easier time meeting other people who feel the same way about what it has to offer . 
  y' all 'll be more likely to have similar interests and tastes than if you , say , move to new york despite finding it kind of uninteresting . 
  at b1 , the most frustrating thing for a lot of people who learned a language in school is listening , not speaking . 
  at b1 , you can generally get your point across if you have to and the other person is patient , but you might not be able to understand native speech , especially between two natives . 
  since op is going to germany and will be forced to speak anyways , i like the strategy of focusing on passive skills before they go . 
  i would n't spend too much time on vocabulary study and do more reading and listening . 
  i find it 's better for building the vocabulary you want to know after you get to an intermediate level . 
  well , if that 's what you feel needs work , talking and writing are n't bad activities . 
  talking is preferable if you want to practice speaking , but both have their place . 
  flashcards are good , too . 
  i personally find that cloze deletion cards are easier to recall in conversation , but i think that 's more of a preference thing . 
  you 've definitely got the right idea . 
  it just takes a lot of practice to get from b1 to b2 . 
  rich people do n't generally like me much . 
  i do n't know , but it 's been a consistent thing for a long time . 
  we just do n't really mesh : values , experiences , expectations , you name it . 
  the extreme nature of the rigid class structure is n't really a european problem in general . 
  i know around brexit time i heard multiple germans talking about how england does n't fit in with europe 's more egalitarian mindset and the eu should just keep scotland instead . 
  not saying they 're right , but many european countries have a very egalitarian outlook toward social class , moreso than the us in my opinion/experience . 
  there are introverts here and advice from time to time . 
  introverts can have a more pleasant learning experience if they focus on the things they enjoy and just practice spontaneous conversations when they feel like it or have to . 
  there are ways to mitigate negative effects of not practicing with other people all the time . 
  as long as you 're okay with not being a great speaker for a while , you do n't have to push yourself into too much social interaction if you do n't want . 
  not sure , but is there any way i can support #calexit from the outside ? 
  in the us i 'm considered white , but hear me out . 
  i 'm dark-complected . 
  my family is melungeon on one side and i take strongly after them complexion-wise . 
  in germany , a * lot * of people think i 'm arab at first . 
  it 's not just germans that make that mistake , either ; i regularly get arabs approaching me in arabic or trying to switch to arabic after exchanging pleasantries . 
  i have never made it through a german airport without getting `` randomly '' screened . 
  it 's such bullshit . 
  i got my balls fondled in one last week . 
  there 's also more subtle stuff when i meet new people . 
  i notice it especially when people warm up after i say i 'm american . 
  a significant minority of people will then ask me what my heritage is . 
  this is * not * a question that americans who pass for white in germany usually get right off the bat . 
  germans do n't care if you 're scottish or whatever . 
  i face the most discrimination in germany , but not as the race i actually am by american standards . 
  edit : sorry , i read your title as `` which country '' . 
  i 'll leave it though . 
  the jump to native materials , even materials for children , is always hard . 
  at some point you 've just got ta jump in and go for it . 
  if you 've finished duolingo , now 's probably a decent time to do it . 
  grab a dictionary and a book , or a bilingual text , or a dictionary and a bilingual text and go to town . 
  extra points for audiobooks . 
  also check out subs2srs . 
  it 's a great tool for getting used to listening to native speech . 
  if you do it enough , it 's definitely possible to be fairly literate . 
  the more time you put in , the better you 'll get . 
   i 've been called hispanic , latino , spanish and even chicano, 
  i 'm honestly surprised you 've never been called mexican . 
  i guess people in florida have a little bit more exposure to these kinds of issues . 
   my sister and i both remember getting dial up internet , then always on broadband . 
  i thought that would put you squarely in the millennial camp . 
  we are more or less defined by having grown up during these changes as i understand it . 
  he put the cat in the box on the ground . 
  the entire point of that comment was that he did * not * expect poland to staff their parliament with black people . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  one of the things i do n't get about the coverage of/response to the recent situation in chechnya is why so many people blame russia/putin and associate it with russians . 
  it 's chechens exterminating gay people , not russians . 
  blame the chechens . 
  yes , they are . 
  these days most look more swarthy than black , though . 
  even in the 1800s they were n't considered black . 
  most of the african mixture comes from escaped slaves fairly early on in the country 's history , unless i 'm mistaken . 
  melungeons are multi-racial communities of appalachians . 
  it was traditionally thought that the communities were mixes of white , black , and native people , but recent genetic research has shown it 's mostly just white and black . 
  they start showing up on various historical documents in the late 1700s . 
  [ the wikipedia page on the topic is pretty good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melungeon ) . 
  i like this analysis . 
  no one said they do n't exist , just that they 're much easier than icelandic . 
  context is important . 
  i read that phrase more charitably , apparently . 
  the poster never implied they should . 
  he was surprised by the visibility of black people in poland . 
  he did not expect it or tell them they should feel guilty about it . 
  i have received multiple compliments for my english in europe . 
  even in places where i do n't speak the local language at all or with a thick accent . 
  for some reason i rarely get pegged as an american , even after i start talking . 
  i find it pretty amusing and still do n't have any good explanations for why it happens . 
  to answer the question , arabs try to talk to me in arabic a lot . 
  them : awgho ; iwag ? 
  them : awgeo ; ihg ?
