  the nicaraguan accent is also pretty easy to understand , but they do use the pronoun vos and its conjugation there . 
  not a big deal , but be prepared . 
  i also lived in honduras for a year , and while i enjoyed it , i definitely would n't recommend it if you 're worried about safety . 
  the infrastructure there is awful , and you 'd have it much better in a neighboring country with pretty much no drawbacks compared to honduras . 
  i open a text file of my book in firefox and use perapera , play the audiobook , and keep the english version open in the back in case i need to check anything . 
  i definitely like the idea behind the site , but without trying it , i do n't see how it 's difficult for the average learner to reproduce without paying for a service . 
  if we 're going to be including sounds as common as / h / , we could go ahead and make our lives easier by adding / b / / d / and / g / . 
  15 phonemes is workable , but 18 is better while not making any less common distinctions . 
  either way , we would have a workable sound system with is easy to pronounce for speakers of a majority of the world 's languages , so if that 's our goal , we 're meeting it no matter what slight adjustments we make . 
  how does more phonemes allow for cross-cultural learning ? 
  from the original post , my impression was that it was an ial based on marxist principles . 
  i do n't really see being an ial and a universal language as exclusive . 
  i 'm sorry , what part would you like me to elaborate on ? 
  i open the chinese text with a pop-up dictionary , the english text , and the audiobook . 
  it looks a lot like that website . 
  it 's not chinese . 
  the russian is n't russian , either . 
  not sure , but i 'd bet whatever language he 's trying to communicate to his amigos in afghanistan in is jibberish , too . 
  i get texts by baiduing [ book name ] \u4e0b\u8f7d , or [ book name ] . pdf\u4e0b\u8f7d , or whatever until i find it . 
  i get audiobooks from places like http://www.tingshulou.com or pingshu8.com . 
  baiduing can also be effective sometimes . 
  i generally get the english versions of books by torrenting them or buying them . 
  i play the audio while i read along with the book . 
  i 'd never though of trying to make it more together . 
  perapera is a browser add-on that shows dictionary entries when you mouse over characters . 
  try to translate articles that are more popular . 
  other people have to see your translation in order to vote on it . 
  it 's not uncommon for me to get a wave of votes for something i translated over a week ago , so do n't be surprised if it takes a while . 
  assimil is definitely a better choice for vocab than mt. 
  i did n't use the german version , but they 're generally high-quality products . 
  however , i do n't think assimil will get you reading spiegel articles by itself , though it will definitely help . 
  i do n't see people talk about it that much , but there 's a big gap between the way germans speak colloquially and the media , much more than spanish , at least . 
  it took me about six months to go from speaking german comfortably for daily/social tasks to being able to read the spiegel comfortably . 
  i read one or two articles from the spiegel per day , depending on how long or difficult they were . 
  i then picked out the sentences with unknown vocab that i thought i had a pretty good chance of seeing again , and put the sentence into anki with a gloss or my translation on the back . 
  it was relatively painless . 
  the spiegel has its problems , but it 's better than most english-language news sources , so if you usually read the news , it should be an enjoyable activity . 
  it sounds to me like you would benefit most from working through assimil first . 
  expand your vocab and make sure your listening is up to scratch . 
  but even then , you 'll probably have to make an effort to study specifically news german . 
  in europe , 4/5 people i speak chinese to do n't say anything about it at all . 
  they continue talking to me in chinese , so i get to practice and all , but they do n't seem to care . 
  sometimes they smile a bit , sometimes they act relieved if i had attempted the conversation in hungarian first ( which i 'm pretty bad at ) , but that 's about it . 
  i do n't know about canada , but in hungary and spain i 've had very few people respond `` too positively '' like i see chinese learners talk about all the time . 
  it kind of makes me wonder what i 'm doing wrong . 
  where does the idea that arabic speakers of different varieties use msa as a common language come from ? 
  is it just a complete fabrication ? 
  why is it so often repeated ? 
  the more i hear about the diglossia situation there , the more confused i get . 
   gender distinctions like `` el '' and `` la '' in spanish compared to a gender-neutral system like in english ( the answer to this is probably obvious but i want to put it anyways ) . 
  i 'd go further than english and have no pronoun distinctions , either . 
   curse words , even if they 're used for fun/to joke . 
  if there is a group of people using a language , taboo words will exist whether they 're supposed to or not . 
  so i do n't have a strong opinion on whether or not officially sanctioned curse words should be included . 
  my first instinct is to include selected curse words in order to attempt to prevent ableist/sexist/homophobic / racist/etc . 
  words from becoming generic swear words . 
   should an official council maintain a dictionary of permitted words ( perhabits through a direct democratic system ) , or would it be fully decentralized ? 
  are you asking about during the creation of the language ( i.e. 
  now ) or after it hypothetically begins to be used by others ? 
  during the creation , i guess we 're the official council and i 'm all for discussion and deciding things as a group and democratic decision-making . 
  after something becomes a living language , i 'm not sure a list of permitted words is such a good idea , because the only place it 's really enforceable is the media and official documents . 
  but yes , for that purpose , a group of people should both keep a descriptive dictionary and provide guidelines for the media to keep the language true to its goals ( easy , regular , avoid oppressive speech , whatever the goals are ) while adapting to the way people use it in the real world . 
  i like forvo for the exact reason that it does n't only have standard accents . 
  if you 're worried about it , you can pick a pronunciation from someone in a place whose dialect is close to the standard . 
  at least that way it will be a real person from an area with a non-stigmatized accent pronouncing it , instead of super-standard german which no one speaks . 
  then again , my experience with every language has been that the standard language , if there is one , is not nearly as widespread as native speakers make it out to be . 
  sounding too standard is just another way to sound unnatural , so i 'd definitely recommend imitating native speakers , even when they tell you it 's not proper . 
  in addition to forvo , which is great , you can try https://rhinospike.com as well . 
  it does n't have as many submissions yet , but the advantage is that it includes full sentences , not just words by themselves . 
  you can use aegisub to combine subtitles and make sure they are synced . 
  then you can open the one file with both subtitles in vlc . 
  most dubs will not have subs that match the french audio . 
  [ here ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/french_movies_and_series_with_accurate_subtitles ) is a list of movies with matching audio and subs . 
  in addition to those , most every french-language movie from quebec has very accurate subs . 
  a pronoun is a word that stands in for another noun . 
  in english , we have three genders in the third person singular : he , she , and it . 
  in many languages , like turkish , hungarian , or spoken mandarin , there is only one third person singular pronoun . 
  for example , hungarian \u0151 could be translated as he , she , or it . 
  you use the same word to refer to someone of any gender . 
  what would be important to me is that the gender neutral pronoun is the default . 
  we could have one pronoun , and if you need to specify , just use a noun like `` the man '' . 
  this is how hungarian translates english when the gender used is important . 
  we could also have a default gender neutral pronoun , and then other pronouns for situations where people feel the need to make this distinction . 
  i do n't necessarily think that 's a bad idea , but there are two points we need to consider :, 
  we are choosing to include pronouns for certain genders , which leaves people who do n't identify as male or female using the gender neutral term . 
  at least there is a gender neutral term , but why should men and women get their own pronoun ? 
  does this reinforce a binary gender system ? 
  why add more vocabulary when there are other solutions ? 
  it has never bothered me that we do n't have a separate word for men and women doctors in english . 
  if i need to specify , you can just add the word male or female ( or man and woman , but that does n't have as much popular traction ) . 
  in the same way , handling the lack of gendered pronouns like hungarian , as opposed to like swedish or colloquial english ( they ) , adds fewer root words that a speaker has to learn . 
  on a related practical note , people who do n't have gendered pronouns in their native languages have a tendency to mess them up when speaking languages that do have gendered pronouns . 
  c2 is measure of professional proficiency in a language . 
  language skill is only one part of what 's necessary to pass the exam . 
  plenty of native speakers could n't pass a c2 test because they lack the professional training in any language to do so . 
  i personally tend to think tests past b2 are n't particularly good gauges of how native-like a learner is . 
  almost every literate native speaker would pass a b2 exam ; it 's common grammar , vocab , and vocab topics . 
  in the same way , if learner has mastered the language to a near-native level but does n't have the educational requirements , they 'd probably test at b2 . 
  whether you have a clearly understandable foreign accent or no accent is all does n't make a huge difference in the scoring of the tests . 
  whether you can blend in with native speakers at a soccer game is n't tested .
