  this is the objectively correct way to deal with it . 
  as an american that speaks five languages , i 've never found a country with quality cultural output that even comes close to the us . 
  there is some good stuff here and there , but not enough for americans to spend enough time with it to learn much of the language , assuming they 're watching what they like the most . 
  i have to go out of my way to find foreign movies and shows to practice with . 
  just because americans are n't learning languages does n't mean they are n't learning new things . 
  they 're just not learning languages because unless they have a personal connection to them , they probably wo n't be useful very often so it 's not a good return on investment . 
  regardless of political leaning , it 's hard to justify reading that many books by such a small number of authors . 
  especially when they 're not really academics or experts of any kind , just pundits . 
  one book by savage would be easily defensible , four is just ridiculous . 
  sounds a lot like an esperanto meet-up . 
  or more or less anywhere lots of esperantists get together , online or in real life . 
  polyglots and people interested in cultural exchange are very , very well-represented in esperantujo . 
  absolutely not . 
  [ countries which have legalized prostitution have seen increases in trafficking ] ( https://orgs.law.harvard.edu/lids/2014/06/12/does-legalized-prostitution-increase-human-trafficking/ ) and forced prostitution , not decreases . 
  in order to keep prostitutes safe , we need to legalize the sale of sex and focus on outreach to help women who want out out . 
  buying sex needs to remain illegal to keep demand down . 
  ideologically , i ca n't help but think that labor in modern society is coercive . 
  i have to in some way sell my labor so that i can pay things like taxes , water bills , electricity , and so on . 
  if i ca n't get the job i want , i have to make do with a shittier one . 
  since i think that labor is coercive , it follows that i think prostitution ( as a whole , not necessarily in every individual case ) is coercive . 
  we should not legalize coercive sex . 
  i live in germany , where prostitution is legal . 
  here are a couple of articles on the effects it had :, 
  [ how legalizing prostitution has failed ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533.html ), 
  [ legalization has turned germany into the bordello of europe ] ( http://www.feministcurrent.com/2016/05/09/legalization-has-turned-germany-into-the-bordello-of-europe-we-should-be-ashamed/ ), 
  the legalization of prostitution could have unintended ( or worse , intended ) effects on women receiving government aid . 
  the german social safety net is very similar to the workfare idea . 
  if you 're not looking for and taking what work you get , you can get your benefits cut . 
  [ if you do n't take the job as a prostitute , no more government benefits . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/1482371/if-you-dont-take-a-job-as-a-prostitute-we-can-stop-your-benefits.html ), 
  [ here 's an article ] ( http://time.com/sex-buyers-why-cops-across-the-u-s-target-men-who-buy-prostitutes/ ) about this model ( selling is legal , buying is not ) being used successfully in the united states . 
  going to san pedro sula is pretty cheap and at least as dangerous as north korea for a tourist . 
   the process of exchanging money for sex is not itself inherently harmful . 
  on a large scale , i would argue it is . 
   whether legal or not , some transactions will be `` acceptable '' ( someone willingly and safely performing a sex act for money ) , and some will not ( someone performing a sex act unsafely and/or against their will ) . 
  i disagree that the transactions are ever acceptable , because it is a type of labor and it is coercive . 
   making the sex trade illegal does not reduce demand , it merely discourages satisfying the demand that exists, 
  if men are choosing not to satisfy their `` demand '' , economically that 's going to be just like having less demand . 
  i do n't think getting a dick up your ass and sweating your ass off on a roof are the same thing . 
  they can both be bad without acting like they 're the same severity . 
  also , notice that my views do not `` outlaw sucking dick to make a living . '', 
  i do n't feel sorry about it . 
  i just think it 's coercive . 
  ideology aside , different places around the world have tried different ways of handling prostitution . 
  we can look at their results and use that to create our own policy . 
  right now , the evidence is heavily in favor of the legalize sale , criminalize purchase model , and it 's becoming more widespread in the us . 
   i think you 'll fine that the latter set will be almost entirely included in the former set . 
  the data does n't seem to support this . 
  criminalizing the purchase leads to fewer prostitutes and less prostitution , despite the act of selling sex itself still being legal . 
  also , most laws in the us are n't nearly as persuasive as the police themselves . 
  keeping prostitution illegal gives cops the ability to intervene , even if they ca n't prove trafficking or abuse right off the bat . 
   this is gun-free-zone logic : the magical belief that serious crime can be prevented by criminalizing less-serious precursor actions . 
  well , criminalizing gun ownership and instituting a buyback program would almost certainly reduce gun crime over the long term . 
  i would never support it because i think gun ownership is one of our fundamental rights . 
  i ca n't say the same about prostitution . 
  all of this seems like very arbitrary conclusions . 
  do you have studies that show that the number of trafficked women does n't go up when prostitution is legalized ? 
  i posted a source that shows that it does . 
  prostitution is more exploitative than roofing in the same way that roofing is more exploitative than middle-management , despite all being wage labor . 
  no legal profession has to deal with the rates of murder and rape that prostitutes do , not to mention the health risks . 
  i 'm not throwing the prostitutes who want out under the bus for the minority who think it 's a okay job . 
  i do n't think it 's even remotely okay that multiple jobcenters even tried to put women into brothel jobs and threaten them with cutting benefits . 
  thank goodness the court system in germany is n't crazy . 
  studies ( like the one i linked above ) have shown that legalization leads to more trafficking and abuse . 
  it was reported all over germany , as well . 
  including in the spiegel , which is definitely * not * british tabloid scaremongering . 
  if capitalism were n't a factor , i would have a lot fewer reasons to oppose legalizing prostitution , but unfortunately that 's not the world we 've got . 
  you quoted a contrary opinion from the conclusion and ignored the facts :, 
   criminalization of prostitution in sweden resulted in the shrinking of the prostitution market and the decline of human trafficking inflows . 
  cross-country comparisons of sweden with denmark ( where prostitution is decriminalized ) and germany ( expanded legalization of prostitution ) are consistent with the quantitative analysis , showing that trafficking inflows decreased with criminalization and increased with legalization . 
  there 's more good data if you click on the links in the article . 
  i never denied that it was from my link . 
  i only questioned your ability to interpret data and recognize the objective and non-objective parts of a summary . 
  do you have any evidence for that ? 
  making the purchase of sex illegal reduces trafficking , as per my link above . 
  legalizing prostitution increases trafficking . 
  you can try to logic out why it should n't be that way all you want , but the data is there . 
  i accept the data ( if corroborated ) , i read the conclusions with a critical eye . 
  that was writing research papers 101 . 
  there 's one of them , which points out that many women come forward as feeling pressured into taking a job at a brothel . 
   nevertheless , there have been repeated incidents in which women have felt pressured . 
  here are some more on similar topics . 
  there have also been cases where brothels have sued the employment agency for refusing to help them find women . 
  most of all , for americans i think it 's interesting to note how disputed and widely-discussed this was . 
  from the spiegel about the netherlands :, 
  endslaverynow needs to cite their sources . 
  the last two sources seem targeted against the status quo , criticizing the criminalization of women prostituting themselves . 
  that 's the opposite of the proposal i 'm talking about . 
  the third report could be used to argue for my model just as well as total legalization . 
  yes . 
  it 's not solid evidence , but we have to use the evidence we have and do the best we can when dealing with a subject like this . 
  i find it more convincing than studies to the contrary , all of which suffer from the same issues . 
  the only bullet point i have a problem with your presentation of at first glance is the bit about including low income countries . 
  they do explain this in the paper , attributing the difference to the lack of spending power in developing countries . 
  for the us , i think the numbers of european countries are more comparable and relevant than those of developing nations . 
  i 'm also inclined to think that there may be something behind the correlation of religious beliefs and government type ( liberal democracies , in this case ) and prostitution . 
  i know you dismissed it , and it is just a correlation with the data we have , but it does n't seem unreasonable to me . 
  it would definitely make it to my warrants-further-investigation file . 
  of course i 'm distinguishing between data and opinion . 
  that does n't mean i do n't have an opinion .
