  yeren , because i can just raze myself to victory . 
  every other country i 've played seems slow-paced by comparison . 
  agreed . 
  i hate to shit on a new content idea , and i generally like upads 's posts , but this is very redundant . 
  there are a ton of different ways and programs to learn characters from scratch . 
  if you already know simplified , watch a few tv series from taiwan and you 'll have the gist of traditional . 
  maybe look up the irregular simplifications if you are especially motivated and want to make things go faster . 
   because writing in simplified is faster and easier . 
  now that most writing is done on computers and phones , simplified has lost its biggest advantage . 
  it does n't really matter which one foreigners start with , because they probably wo n't spend much time handwriting . 
  90 % of what i have to write by hand is at a restaurant or my name . 
  most people just learn whatever they 're around anyways . 
   it 's easier to go from traditional to simplified than vice versa . 
  i hear people say this a lot , but is there any evidence ? 
  i learned simplified first , and it 's hard to imagine going the other way being significantly easier . 
  the vast majority are the same or predictably simplified , so you only have to learn a couple hundred `` new '' characters either way . 
  op seems to have equally many ( or few ) reasons to learn either one , but my advice would be just to pick one . 
  everyone who learns one well learns the other too ( at least passively ) , so in the long run , it 's not a huge decision . 
  it 's not so much correct or incorrect as it is regional . 
  it would sound weird or `` incorrect '' using it on most of the mainland ( maybe fujian and that area is more like taiwan , idk ) , but it 's very common in taiwanese mandarin . 
  you have to think about what kind/register of standard mandarin , but i 'd say it 's about as `` correct '' as how americans , especially from the west , use the simple past to ask about experiences . 
  for example , `` did you see deadpool yet ? '', 
  it does n't sound wrong to me , but my british coworkers give people a hard time about it . 
  in the same way , most educated americans would avoid using the simple past like that in formal writing . 
  same thing with the \u6709 construction in taiwanese mandarin . 
  it 's all over the place in tv shows , blogs , chatting , and whatever , but i do n't recall ever seeing it in a newspaper . 
  so i would say it 's incorrect in standard written chinese , but correct in the spoken register of standard taiwanese mandarin . 
   does one read the chinese word in one 's mind like this ? 
   `` please try to understand the unique situation . '', 
  the slightly more polite korean version of `` you do n't understand chinese culture '' any time you do n't feel like playing along with getting lied to and screwed over . 
  i would n't call mexicans encouraging with spanish , but their attitude towards me as a learner was definitely my favorite . 
  they had very little reaction to my poor spanish : no absurd amounts of praise or encouragement , but they also did n't treat me like i was stupid or get too frustrated at me for fucking up the grammar and forgetting words and generally having trouble communicating . 
  they did n't correct me much , but they were n't afraid to joke about things i did wrong all the time that stood out to them . 
  a + would learn spanish in the yucatan again . 
  germans are pretty good too , but they 're too polite to ever correct you and much more likely than mexicans to be uncomfortable talking to someone who speaks poor german . 
  honduras was alright . 
  less exposure to non-native speakers than mexico , and many hondurans always referred to me as speaking english , even when we had clearly been speaking in spanish for half an hour . 
  apparently my accented spanish is just `` english '' . 
  i realized later my grandmother does the same thing , talking about the people at the gas station speaking `` indian '' , aka indian english . 
  honduras was the first time i ran into it much as a learner , though . 
  spain was pretty bad . 
  i was in a touristy area , and people would always try to switch to horrendously shitty english with me . 
  i 'm always down to speak my native language , but when we ca n't communicate , especially when i get the impression you think you 're doing me a favor , that bothers me . 
  even more so if you know me and have heard me speak spanish before . 
  china is just china . 
  no reddit comment can do justice that is the insanity of how a lot of chinese people interact with foreigners . 
  the good thing is , there 's no shortage of people who want to talk to you and are willing to be very patient while doing so . 
  these are of course broad generalizations . 
  i know many chinese people who are very helpful , and more than a couple mexicans who were assholes about it . 
  gist of the chinese , which is itself a summarized translation of the japanese article i ca n't read :, 
  a chinese tour guide stayed too long at a buffet , and bit the police officer trying to arrest them for disturbing the peace in the parking lot . 
  there are some great responses here . 
  i just had a question about what you meant when you said shanghainese and taiwanese sound similar to mandarin . 
  they 're not really much closer than cantonese , and to my ear do n't sound much closer either . 
  some people confuse taiwanese mandarin and shanghai mandarin with the regional languages taiwanese and shanghainese . 
  i do n't know if you 're confusing them or not , but i figured i 'd tip you off just in case . 
  https://sharedlingo.com is great . 
  it 's not a forum , but you can chat and message back and forth with other language learners . 
  it 's a clone of sharedtalk , if you 're familiar with/remember that . 
  me encanta la region . 
  hungarian makes it extra fun with maga , too . 
   your vote is your vote , and you 're not going to find any defenses of hillary 's character here . 
  but if you 're not voting for sanders ' policy ( which hillary is a hell of a lot closer to than trump ) or for his own opinions , i 'm confused as to what you 're actually supporting . 
  i 'm not the person you were asking , but i know a good chunk of people who are voting on character . 
  and sadly , a lot of people trust trump more than hillary . 
  arch com i3, 
  the only good grammar workbook i 've found that actually deals with c-level grammar is called `` c grammatik '' , isbn 978-3-941323-11-7 . 
  it explains a grammar point , then provides exercises , another grammar point , and so on . 
  the answers are in a loesungsheft that comes with the book . 
  if you would prefer a reference grammar to a workbook , go straight to duden . 
  in my experience , it has the best , easiest to find explanations and is the most comprehensive . 
  i almost never walk away from it disappointed when i go to look something up or get an explanation . 
  i 've met dutch people living in germany i could n't realistically describe as less than c1 , but never really bothered with cases past nominative and accusative . 
   i realize it might come across that way , but i have tried by politely asking her, 
  politely asking and explaining yourself does n't make someone any less controlling . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd really want her to learn english too , in your situation . 
  in fact , one of my partner 's only conditions was that i learn their native language too . 
  it really improves communication . 
  but at the end of the day , you 're still trying to get her to do something she does n't want to do . 
  you 've talked about it nicely , you 've explained yourself . 
  it 's been eight years , so i doubt you need to give it time . 
  accept that she has her reasons for not doing it . 
  maybe it 's too much work , maybe she 's scared , maybe she associates it with leaving her home country and wants to avoid even thinking about it . 
  i do n't know her , i do n't know why , but when you 've been trying to make her do something for eight years , it 's way past time to accept how she feels about it . 
  on a more practical level , just like you ca n't ( and should n't try to ) control how she speaks , it 's totally reasonable for you to speak however you want , too . 
  if you want to speak english , speak english . 
  my partner and i both have days where we do n't feel like speaking a foreign language . 
  neither of us gets on to the other for what language they 're speaking , nor do we try to push the other person to respond in a certain language , and it works out fine . 
   many of them with english skills better than your chinese will ever be . 
  competing with bilinguals is one thing , but we need to leave this idea behind that foreigners learn english better than the other way around . 
  there 's nothing stopping anyone here from being just as good as or better than their chinese counterparts learning english . 
  edit : i agree about the degree being useless and the language skills being borderline useless without something to back them up , though . 
   it 's so hard for me to understand how she would n't want to learn the world 's most useful language . 
  so between this and the other thing i responded to where you defended yourself by saying you 're asking politely , i feel like i 'm getting a better glimpse of what 's going on . 
  and this is n't coming from a place of ill-will or criticism , because i 've tanked my fair share of relationships by not being able to drop an issue . 
  let it go . 
  you do n't have to understand how she would n't want to learn english . 
  it 's not important that you understand right now . 
  she 's probably approaching the situation from a vastly different perspective . 
  just because you explain yourself repeatedly and politely and she ( maybe ) does n't , does not in any way obligate her to agree with your view .
