   but since i know how it should be pronounced , i feel like a jackass saying it differently . 
  you know how it should be pronounced in spanish . 
  you probably do n't go around calling german people deutsch in english because that 's how you `` should '' say it . 
  they 're different words in different languages . 
  the english pronunciation of uruguay and the spanish pronunciation are different . 
  one 's not more correct than the other , any more than one language is more correct than the other . 
  i do n't feel weird because i do n't pronounce the name of the coosa river like a muskogee person would , or los angeles like a spanish speaker would . 
   sometimes i feel like i should just talk and do my best to get my point across and always try to be learning and if people do n't like me or my pronunciation then i guess they 're welcome to just go fuck themselves . 
  other times i feel like i should just stick to the common practice of whatever language i 'm speaking . 
  i do n't see how these two things are exclusive . 
  if i remember correctly he made some comments objectifying korean women . 
  what made it unusual was that when other people said it made them feel uncomfortable , he doubled down , told them it was their problem , and ended up bitching about how he was n't a sexist until the thread got closed down . 
  now he 's painting esperantists as jewish communist cultists and his comments consist largely of `` i 'm not sorry because i think i 'm right . '', 
  there area few different characters like \u4f62 or \u55ba , but the writing system is almost entirely the same . 
  the written language uses some different words and grammar than mandarin ( it 's a different language , go figure ) , but it uses the same writing system in the same way that english and spanish use the same writing system : a variation of the latin alphabet . 
  also , traditional and simplified is n't really relevant . 
  people in guangdong generally write cantonese in simplified , while hkers use traditional . 
  people from the prc generally use simplified , people from hk/taiwan use traditional , whether they 're writing mandarin , cantonese , hokkien , or whatever else . 
  arguelles is the best polyglot i know of , and he 's written extensively about his techniques , though i 'm having some trouble finding it at the moment . 
  his [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/profasar ) has a bunch of videos explaining what he does , though . 
  the about section of his [ website ] ( http://www.foreignlanguageexpertise.com/ ) is pretty interesting , as well . 
  i have n't seen him active in a few years , but he used to post regularly on how-to-learn-any-language . com as ardaschir ( sp ? ), 
  and later profarguelles , but i 'm not sure how much of his stuff there is archived or if the site even still exists . 
  practical audio visual chinese . 
  you can torrent it . 
  you 'll be able to make a lot of headway , but the first couple of weeks of actually speaking to people are pretty hairy no matter how much you 've studied . 
  with pimsleur , a textbook , and glossika , you 'd be in a great position to start speaking with natives when you finish/get out . 
  any good textbook with lots of audio , designed to teach you the language from the ground up . 
  a lot of other people recommend new practical chinese reader and integrated chinese . 
  i personally used and liked the practical audio visual chinese series . 
  any of them will be fine . 
  or better yet use two of them . 
  sorry about the prison , by the way . 
  i 'm not a big fan of prison anyway , but judging by the fact that it 's `` cannabis offenses '' and how you do n't seem like a dumbass , you probably have even less reason to be there than everyone else . 
  things 'll get better , though . 
  i 'm a bit out of touch . 
  is it common to have `` no design '' rules for haircuts in schools ? 
  is n't this disproportionately targeting black children and black hairstyles ? 
  is that a thing that 's acceptable to do ? 
  either way , sending a kid home for a completely non-distracting head of hair is not only pointless , but counterproductive . 
  all the other details aside , equating migrant workers with naturalized citizens is n't very helpful . 
  there is no equivalent of australian-chinese or chinese-americans you can ask , because china does n't allow foreigners to become chinese citizens . 
  it 's not an add-on , but you could try copying the text to learning with texts , lingq , readlang , or something similar . 
   some languages have no dialect at all . 
  for instance , spanish , portuguese , altaic languages . 
  are you claiming that speakers of these languages have no unusual accent in esperanto , or that the languages themselves have no dialects ? 
  either way , it makes no sense . 
  i can usually pick out esperantists who speak spanish or turkish as a native language . 
  so can most esperantists , probably . 
  the turkish `` r '' is a give away , and spanish speakers often struggle with some of the consonant clusters at the beginning a word . 
  and of course the languages themselves have dialects . 
  there 's a noticeable difference between the way people in northern and southern portugal talk , much less between portugal and brazil . 
  spain , chile , and mexico all have very different dialects . 
  not sure if i should read this as `` it is apart from the middle east '' or `` it is a part of the middle east . '', 
  why do i get the feeling this is your homework . 
  pretty much every foreigner i know at home in alabama speaks with a southern accent . 
  usually southern with an accent from their native language , but still distinctly regional . 
  i do notice that a lot of people on reddit seem to only meet foreigners that speak the standard language , though . 
  i guess it 's a class thing : if you mostly meet academics/college students and business people who studied the language formally , they 're more likely to speak standard . 
  your average person who moves somewhere and wings it is more likely to speak with a regional accent . 
  then why do you need to translate this ? 
  i ca n't really see what this would be besides some kind of assignment . 
  yeah , huntsville is ... not like the rest of alabama , to be diplomatic . 
  i 'm from kind of near gadsden/collinsville , where 1 . there 's a much stronger accent and 2 . there are relatively few industries or schools to bring in educated foreigners who have studied english formally and developed an accent before they get here . 
  i run into some germans on business once in a blue moon , but that 's about it . 
  i could say the same thing about foreigners and accents in germany , too , just as a different example . 
  most of the foreigners in dortmund ( mostly working class ) learned german with the local accent . 
  it 's not weird at all and nobody thinks twice about hearing turkish or polish accented ruhrpott german . 
  [ google arabic input ] ( https://www.google.com/inputtools/windows/ ) is pretty similar to imes for japanese . 
  you can try it out in google docs or google translate before you download it , if you want . 
  does it need to be current ? 
  because \u75de\u5b50\u82f1\u96c4 is a taiwanese buddy cop show that was pretty good . 
  hk has some enjoyable police dramas ( like \u98db\u864e ) , as well , but those are mostly cantonese . 
  you can get mandarin dubs , though . 
  do n't forget driving 10 under the speed limit just because , stopping for green lights , an taking an average of five seconds to realize your red light has turned green . 
  also , what are inspections ? 
  i never know if people do n't have their lights on at night because why bother or because they 're both broken . 
  it always takes me a few days to adjust while i 'm home . 
  especially coming from germany , where awareness of other cars and being able to rely on people not being erratic for no reason are pretty much a given . 
  at least we 're not texas . 
   also ... how do you know their lights are on if both are broken ? 
  exactly . 
  if chipotle were n't so good i 'd never get on that road . 
   there are plenty of ` western ' languages that have grammatical cases . 
  major western languages with case system :, 
  german, 
  finnish, 
  hungarian, 
  czech, 
  ( i 'm more or less using central europe as the breaking point for `` western '' . 
  major western languages without or with mostly defunct case system :, 
  english, 
  spanish, 
  portuguese, 
  french, 
  italian, 
  dutch, 
  swedish, 
  norwegian, 
  danish,
