  disharmony and inequality tend to have a bad effect on every system , though inequality is one of the things socialism tends to do a good job of lessening . 
  the uniformity bit is interesting to me , though . 
  why do you think that ? 
  power over your own life and your own job should lead to more diversity , not less . 
   let alone in a state of betrayal, 
  i 'm having a hard time reading this charitably . 
  what was the betrayal ? 
  a foreigner having a job in your country ? 
  people with foreign accents being recognized for their abilities instead of just their accent ? 
  because someone you think is less qualified than you got the job you wanted ? 
  my apologies in advance , the kind that do n't count because i go on and do it anyway , but i spent too long teaching english to not fix those tenses :, 
   i just assume we were driven into the war . 
  why would we have attacked poland ? 
  the `` sollen '' in german just gives the sense of `` allegedly '' , it does n't really translate into english without it getting awkward . 
  most dialects still have it when it directly follows a preposition , e.g. 
  to who ** m ** , but not when it 's the object of a verb . 
  otherwise , it 's generally only used in formal situations and writing . 
  it has the same meaning as, 
  * is not, 
  * are not, 
  * am not, 
  and in some dialects, 
  * have not, 
  * has not, 
  but only as an auxiliary verb . 
  aw , that 's a kickass feeling . 
  i remember the moment when i finally got it . 
  i had been trying to figure it out for two years and getting points marked off my oral spanish exams because i still could n't do it , and then i was just in the shower one morning trying to roll my r and it just happened . 
  and i could repeat it . 
  you should be learning to associate the characters ( or pinyin at the very beginning ) with sounds . 
  if you ca n't hear the tone in your head when the flashcard comes up , it 's just as bad as if you ca n't remember the vowel , and your studying should reflect that . 
  check out dortmund . 
  urban , centrally located , and very cheap . 
  liberal is n't the word that comes to mind first , but you 'll never run short of other undesirables to hang out with . 
  you can find anarchists and even a few commies around if that 's your thing , and most people are generally pretty proud of their working class culture . 
  it is an spd stronghold , as well , so any variety of left-of-center is not hard to find . 
  tbh , i could n't actually recommend dortmund to a stranger in good faith , because it 's kind of a gloomy , gray , shithole , but i enjoy it anyway , and it matches your criteria as i understand them . 
  i have to be really careful about fiber , so i try to avoid wheat bread when possible and regret it when i do n't . 
  white bread generally does n't bother me by itself . 
  it 's probably the thing i eat more than anything else . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't eat it \u2639, 
  most of the situations i can think of are short questions . 
  here 's one example . 
   who was that book written by ? 
   by rreagawebgla, 
   by * whom * ? 
  there are other responses as well , but i do n't think that 'd stick out too much for most speakers , whereas `` by who '' would sound a little off . 
  cae and cpe depend on the country in europe . 
  they 're basically the gold standard in spain but borderline unheard of in germany . 
  ielts is designed for university admissions . 
  it 's the british toefl , and * the * test for going to college in or immigrating to the uk , canada , or australia . 
  a lot of universities in the us accept ielts as well , though toefl is more common . 
   america : those toefl and ielts . 
  that was the part i did n't get . 
  i think the trump supporters are going to keep doing the same thing they always do , the same thing that they kept doing four years ago and four years before that . 
  smug liberals , on the other hand , are ripe for a complete meltdown because they ca n't imagine in their smug , liberal lives how someone like trump could actually win . 
  the moral superiority they feel is blinding in a way that 's never happened with someone like romney or mccain , or even bush . 
  i do n't want trump running the country ( or hillary for that matter ) , and i definitely do n't want his supporters to feel validated , but the reality tv watcher in me wants trump to win just for the meltdown that follows . 
  explanation : strong sapir-whorf is more or less dead , and to think that people ca n't understand the values of a culture because they do n't speak the same language is definitely too strong . 
  also , sapir-wharf , like they came up with the idea on a pier or something . 
  there are some other gems in this chain too , including comparing natives to animals and literacy-test-to-vote apology . 
  [ here 's the sapir-wharf bit ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5bttlz/now_that_utah_county_has_gone_to_mailin_balloting/d9req1o/ ) , but i linked the larger chain because i thought it was worth reading . 
  you do n't frequent most of the default news subreddits , i take it ? 
  it 's not that shocking in the context of the usa 's relationship with native american groups all the way up through the present day . 
  native american issues are invisible to the vast majority of americans and the government is still taking their land . 
  native americans are more likely to get shot by cops ( even than black people ) , more likely to suffer from addiction , more likely to live in poverty , and generally more likely to get shit on six ways to sunday , and no one gives half of a shit . 
  the imperfect can be translated either way , depending on context . 
  there 's usually no one way to translate grammatical concepts that are n't the same between languages . 
  do n't thank them , that 's complete rubbish . 
  it 's the imperfect : sometimes it 'd be `` we worked '' in english , sometimes it 'd be `` we were working . '', 
  [ this page shows you some translations . 
  ] ( http://www.linguee.com/english-spanish/search?query=trabaj%c3%a1bamos ), 
  this is the first time i 've seen that transliteration . 
  i 'm a little confused about that too . 
  sons of confederate veterans are the true keepers of the faith , you heretic, 
  i agree on the second part , but distinguishing between a fusion of germanic and romance and german with a lot of romance influence seems pretty pedantic . 
  not everyone who claims english is a mix is claiming that it 's a genetic mix , like this sub seems to take it . 
  if you 're familiar with the tests , you 'd know that being able to structure those summaries and present them coherently is graded . 
  it 's very important to the exercise , and one i 'm sure many people who did n't finish high school ca n't do . 
  the language skills are just part of it ; the education to know how to present ideas and analyze texts are tested just as much , because that 's why the tests exist : to provide standardized certifications that people are skilled enough in a language to carry out white-collar , professional jobs . 
  the problem hector has is that they 're applying this scale at all to native speakers . 
  that 's not what it 's for and it in no way measures nativeness . 
  many trump voters are angry workers who are lashing out against the same system we try to dismantle . 
  trump at the very least pretended to listen to their concerns and act like he was giving them a voice . 
  there was no mainstream candidate who tried to appeal to workers this election besides trump after sanders went out of the race . 
  yes i 'm pissed that trump won . 
  and i think voting for trump was a terrible decision . 
  voting for trump shows at least a certain lack of empathy with the people he will affect negatively . 
  and i know many of trump 's supporters are racist , sexist assholes who will never be my comrade . 
  but many of them are n't . 
  they 're just disaffected workers looking for change . 
  not everyone has the time , interest , and energy to do a lot of extra research to figure out the political situation at the moment . 
  trump represents in part our failure to promote an alternative to the rank and file of the working class . 
  not just an alternative candidate , but an alternative political outlook . 
  they voted for trump out of desperation , because they felt they had no other choice but the status quo , which is killing them and their communities . 
  be skeptical , sure . 
  be vigilant against sexism , racism , and all the other - isms trump is . 
  but if socialism succeeds in the us , it will be on the back of the working class , who are overwhelmingly * not * clinton voters . 
  trump voters are a much more promising demographic than suburban democrats and wall street liberals . 
   but in linguistic terms they are fluent in whatever it is they speak over there .
