  i 'm not saying no one is bothered by it , but you 'd have to be in pretty weird company to be shamed for saying men and women are n't exactly the same physically . 
  now , when you do like / u / _ bitches_love_me _ below and expand that to make claims there 's no evidence for , that 'll definitely cause some issues . 
  the fact is that the strongest men are stronger than the strongest women . 
  or the fastest faster , or whatever . 
  there 's a looooot of of ground to cover to get from there to saying that women are n't good soldiers and policemen . 
  between those claims and your heteronormative cis-shitlord rubbish , i 'm not inclined to think people were shaming you just for realizing there 's a biological difference between males and females . 
  edit : to be clear , the rubbish is you using words like that . 
  how important are those specific strength requirements ? 
  would n't it make more sense to have a holistic evaluation process ? 
  if a woman is n't strong enough , could n't good marksmanship , language abilities , leadership ability , or any other number of desirable skills make her a more valuable addition to the force despite being physically weaker ? 
  furthermore , not being able to find enough women for physically demanding jobs still has a lot to do with the number of women applying to traditionally male professions . 
  get more women to apply , more are going to pass the tests . 
   there 's also the whole movement to get more women into the military/police/firefighting and other physically demanding jobs that most women frankly just are n't cut out to do . 
  i understood that as the professions themselves , not just small parts of those professions . 
   you 're the one extrapolating that i have a bunch of sexist views because my opinion is n't compatible with your ideal version of reality . 
  i do n't know how you got there . 
  i just think that these professions could benefit from well-qualified female applicants , and that a hard cut-off strength requirement is n't necessary for the majority of what a police officer or soldier does . 
  the way i read what you wrote , it seemed like you disagreed . 
  again though , who 's arguing that you should send 5 ' 3 melanie out to do hand-on-hand combat with someone ? 
  you said you did n't like the push to have more female police officers , not you did n't like the push to use the wrong people for the wrong job . 
  if the police officers need to speak spanish for some situation , you send spanish-speaking officers , who are more likely to be latino if you 're in the us . 
  if the officers need to do heavy lifting , send strong people , who are more likely to be male . 
  if you agree with that , then why are you against trying to include more females in the police force ? 
  quotas are a tricky topic , with no small share of drawbacks . 
  i wo n't disagree there . 
  that said , just because we do n't yet have a reliable way of reducing gender disparity through policy does n't mean we have to be against the movement as a whole . 
  regardless of what policies we enact , public perception and opinion is what 's going to eventually make a difference . 
  i think men can be just as good of teachers as women , too , and it bothers me that it 's still seen as a feminine profession in the states . 
  very few professions are truly sex-dependent . 
  police work , by nature of having some physical component , may show a slight bias towards males , but there 's a lot more to it than being strong and right now the numbers reflect a much stronger bias towards males than the job requires . 
  i 've been involved in feminist activism for over 10 years . 
  no , the vast majority of us are aware that there are physical differences between men and women . 
  we take issue with people using those differences to make arguments that are n't really relevant . 
  like i told another commenter , no one is arguing 5 ' 3 melanie needs to be sent out to do hand-to-hand combat . 
  the argument is that there 's a lot more to policework than just physical strength , and that women can be valuable police officers because , like men , like every individual person , they can bring important , relevant skills and abilities to their job . 
  hormones can make a person weaker than they used to be , but it does n't make them biologically female . 
  fallon fox still is still more likely to have a larger neck and lungs than women , a larger heart , broader shoulders , more red blood cells and hemoglobin for more efficient oxygen use , a larger male jaw and brow , and smaller hips ( i 'm talking about the bones , not fat distribution ) . 
  their legs are likely at a different angle , as well . 
  all of those traits exist on a bell curve , but as a group , it 's clear that trans women have certain physical advantages that females do n't have . 
  and that , of course , does n't take into consideration that males ( whether they later transition or not ) are more likely to be encouraged to be competitive in their formative years and other social/environmental factors . 
  hormones change a lot about you , but they do n't undo all the developing that happened before transition . 
  women deserve the right to compete with other , physical women . 
  people deserve the right to present as whatever gender they want , in whatever way they want , or no gender , or both , or whatever . 
  because gender is a largely a collection of sex stereotypes , and fuck sex stereotypes . 
  play with them and challenge them however you 'd like . 
  i 'll support you a hundred percent . 
  you can change your genitals if you want , you can take hormones if it will help , but it 's straight-up offensive to think you have the same experiences and body that a woman does . 
  women face adversity , from birth , because they are born as biological women . 
  not because of how they identify , not because they 're feminine , but because they are female . 
  when something is really good/funny people cheer as well as laughing . 
  it 's another way to show appreciation beyond just laughing . 
  how much cheering depends on the venue and crowd , but for less formal things like comics is very normal and expected to cheer when something is really good . 
  i do n't get the not laughing part , though . 
  the videos you linked had plenty of people laughing . 
  google zhuyin is what i use . 
  i have no complaints . 
  if you grew up in the us , of course you view the terms as more or less analogous to their american counterparts . 
  you did n't grow up in a society that enforced these kinds of hierarchies and relationships . 
  family contact alone is n't enough to experience face as it relates to your peers , teachers , your parents ' business contacts , bosses , co-workers , politicians and so on . 
  since you 're here and you seem reasonable , i 'll ask you a question that 's been bugging me for a while . 
  why do so many ( especially young ) americans of chinese descent claim to be chinese and feel a connection to the modern state of china ? 
  people of mexican descent born and raised in the us know they 're not mexican because mexicans bitch about chicano culture all the time . 
  they 're not mexican nationals , their parents are . 
  there has n't been a movement of black americans claiming to be african for quite a while now . 
  most black people are n't going to talk about nigeria like they know anything about it unless they have a personal connection to the country , and no one is going get up in arms about defending the shitty things dictators in africa do . 
  but there are tons of subs on reddit full of abcs defending china and the chinese government like it 's their job . 
  just now , you seem to have acted like you understood something about chinese culture because of your race , despite it being something rather unique to east asian societies , which ( if i understand you correctly ) you did n't grow up in . 
  this conflation of race/ethnicity with the country of china is something i see/experience much more strongly in the chinese community than any other group in the us , so if you have any insight as to why that is , i 'd be happy to hear it . 
  and here i was thinking i put too much time and thought into making * my * cards . 
  i 'm glad it seems to work for you . 
   the listener would write the pinyin as a spoke , allowing me to find which sounds ( j/zh , eng/ang ) and which tones up ( 2 +3 , 4 +4 , 4,1 ) i most often mess up . 
  that part seems especially superfluous/unhelpful , though . 
  if you mess it up , it 's probably not going to be a chinese sound at all , so the listener will guess and write the closest thing . 
  you could use the completely wrong r sound , for example , and the listener would still hear it as an r. same thing with the tones . 
  it 's entirely possible to produce the tones so that native speakers know what you meant while still forcing them to have to listen extra carefully and think about it . 
  it 's just a paperbased spaced repetition system . 
  you could do the same thing much faster on anki , including the color coding and whatnot , plus tons of cool stuff that 's simply impossible or impractical on paper . 
  not to mention importing vocab lists to work with . 
   in the past, 
  yeah , the past . 
  they 're definitely not driving natives off their land for profit any more . 
  no way west coast accents are considered accentless by people who are n't from there . 
  kansas , ohio , iowa , or places like that are what i hear as a neutral accent . 
  californians and pnwers generally are n't that hard to pick out . 
  it 's not as strong as a new york accent to me , but it 's marked . 
  think of it this way : phonemes or tonemes are n't one specific sound . 
  they 're a spectrum of sounds . 
  not every speaker from every region will pronounce < ch  the same way , for instance . 
  it gets even trickier , though : what does a listener do with they here a sound that does n't fit into any phoneme range in their language ? 
  they map it onto whatever sound it fits best . 
  i ca n't find a good video , but imagine a spanish accent in english . 
  the stereotypical r sound is not the same as english . 
  most people would describe it as wrong . 
  but 95 % of the time , english speakers will hear it as an / \u0279 / , even though no native english speaking american says it that way . 
  [ listen to the way he says `` merry '' . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/egmyllwmdqc?t=30s ) some people might hear it as a / d / , but i 'm guessing the vast majority would think it 's closest to / \u0279 / . 
  shortly after , he pronounces birthday as belday . 
  that 's a situation where the english speaker would n't hear his r sound as an / \u0279 / , but as an / l / . 
  the way you 're practicing , you 'd learn the second was wrong , but not the first , because of how your foreign sound maps onto the native phonemes . 
  let 's look at the example you gave .
