  are these finite resources for me ? 
  if they are , is there a way i could be using them more productively to help other people ? 
  i personally think there will come a time when the human world needs to concern itself with the welfare of animals , but we still have a lot to do with people first . 
  i suppose i 'm speciesist in that way , but i 'm open to hearing about why i should n't be . 
  i also think there are people today for whom it 's a minimal sacrifice and does n't hurt anyone ( including opportunity cost ) to be a vegetarian , and i encourage them to do so . 
  my opinion of it has shifted to something along the lines of driving a hybrid . 
  if you can do it , it 's great , but most people ca n't , and they should n't be expected to . 
  there are plenty of good motivations to be vegetarian : religion ( usually not christian ) , personal preference , ideology , etc but regardless the motivation , a close look at the costs/benefits is important . 
  the good news is , i think you understood me very well despite having written that at 4 a.m. 
  i 'll just mention a few points where i think another perspective is in order . 
  in your post , you repeatedly refer to the industrialized world . 
  i think a nuanced view of this is necessary ( not that you do n't have one , but i did n't see it in the post ) . 
  the workers in the us experience the benefits of living in an imperialist country in a way that bangladeshi , for example , workers do n't , but that does n't mean that they have all the opportunities that an urban professional living in a city would have . 
  for example , most of my community in the united states shops at dollar general because it 's the nearest grocery store . 
  the next nearest is wal-mart at about 45 minutes away , which has enough of a selection to make being vegetarian a viable option . 
  i know that being from appalachia is n't exactly the same thing as what most americans experience , but inner cities share a very similar problem as capital and stores move out to the suburbs or other parts of the city and the people are left . 
  you may very well be one of the people i described , for whom being a vegetarian is very easy , and those people may comprise the majority of the people you know , but make sure you 're aware that it is n't the reality for many people . 
  also , this is getting a bit off topic , but there 's a long range between `` non-traditional , non-indigenous lifestyles '' and living in a place with access to a variety of affordable , healthy food . 
  there are gray areas where people certainly could be vegetarian , but might have to take extra time and effort to do so ( driving further to a more expensive grocery store ( like wal-mart , not talking whole foods here ) , which can be taxing on a limited budget . 
  on a similar note , there 's also a big area between `` fat asses stuffing two big macs down even though his heart is all clogged up due to the health problems inherent in meat [ and ] someone who had oats for breakfast , a salad and fruit for lunch , and is going to have an awesome healthy dinner ? '', 
  only sith deal in absolutes , 
  to provide another perspective on the environmental impact , in order to be a vegetarian , in , say , the ruhrgebiet , which is one of the most populated and largest ( by land area ) in europe , you have to rely on predominantly imported products which have a greater environmental footprint than the meat and cheese produced nearby . 
  there are similar problems in much of heavily industrialized europe . 
   this question , carried to its logical conclusion , implies that everyone must , at every moment , be engaged in the single most important activity imaginable . 
  i brought it up as a question we need to ask ourselves and and make sure we are comfortable with the answers . 
  i do take the `` sell everything and give it to the poor '' idea pretty seriously , though . 
  it 's something that everyone , but especially christian first-worlders , need to think/pray about , even as it applies to the rest of your life apart from just your possessions . 
  please do n't feel like you have to apologize for going on a rant . 
  most of my friends are n't from industrialized countries with access to a variety of affordable food . 
  i 'm from a part of the us where i feel privileged , but at the same time a victim of the economic imperialism and oppression of an entire region , much like the us does to areas outside of its own borders . 
  and i do n't even live there any more , so i do n't really feel like you 're talking directly at me very much at all . 
  plus , be passionate about the things your passionate about . 
  even i only agree with what you say for a minority of the world 's population , i think it 's great that you have such strong feeling about it . 
  i 'd also like to apologize if i 've offended you in any way . 
  i just wanted to provide another look at it . 
  i 'm from appalachia , but did n't take up the banjo until i 'd been gone for a while . 
  it always helps to hear ( and play and sing ) the songs i grew up with , especially when i 'm homesick . 
   no reason to learn latin american spanish as a german . 
  this is a bit like saying the americans have no reason to learn european french . 
  latin america has 8x more spanish speakers than spain , similar to how france has 9.5 x more french speakers than canada . 
  sure , spain is a neighbor , but you can hardly say people have no reason to learn the numerically/geographically/etc . 
  dominant variant of a language . 
  i do n't know how narrowly you 're thinking of grammar book , but the assimil spanish course , which is quite popular , uses le\u00edsmo . 
  just a psa . 
  i 've learned both , so i 'll give you my answer . 
  as far as grammar goes , spanish verbs have more forms than their german equivalents and spanish makes heavy use of the subjunctive , which can be challenging for english speakers . 
  the german subjunctive is n't as widely used and is used similar to english . 
  that being said , german nouns change depending on their role in the sentence , which you do n't have to worry about in spanish . 
  the biggest difference for me is in vocabulary . 
  there are many spanish words that have high-register english equivalents , so the more you learn the language , the less vocabulary you have to study . 
  german uses some words from latin , but most words are native german words , which are only rarely transparent for an english speaker , so you 'll have to spend more time struggling through new vocab if you choose german . 
  / u/kyleg explained it a little bit more in his comment . 
  german is usually easier to understand for an english speaker because the rhythm is n't too different from our own and it 's spoken relatively slowly and clearly most of the time , or seems to be . 
  germans place a ( at times annoyingly ) large emphasis on speaking standard german , which makes it easier for learners . 
  german has just as much dialectical variation as spanish , but you do n't really have to deal with it as a learner unless you want to . 
  in spanish , on the other hand , there 's a different set of pronunciation , vocabulary , and grammar quirks to deal with in almost every spanish-speaking country . 
  that being said , my german is better than my spanish even though i 've studied spanish for longer , and it has nothing to do with how difficult the languages are . 
  i had a better reason to learn german ( german so ) , so i got better . 
  choosing between european languages , motivation is at least 10 times more important than how `` difficult '' a language is , so pick whatever you want to learn . 
  if the government decides to implement a new economic model , and a group says , `` up yours , we 'd rather burn our food than participate '' and then starve , that 's genocide ? 
  because to me it always sounded like uncomprimising parents arguing with unreasonable children . 
  not that many people speak portuguese in europe , though . 
  they 're well outnumbered by poles . 
  i do n't disagree that italian is more influential than polish or greek , but it seems to be far outclassed by the other `` big '' languages in terms of speakers , economic/cultural footprint , etc. 
  just because the system is different does n't mean it 's less free . 
  the people still choose the officials they want to govern them and who represent their interests and desires . 
  the difference is that they all work within one party instead of being two parties that all say more or less the same thing . 
  get an english speaker to record this and clap ( or something ) on the stressed words . 
  speak along with the recording and do some bodily movement with the stress ( i like punching , do whatever you want ) . 
  i 'd record it for you , but you indicated in another comment that you prefer british english , which i do n't speak . 
  get a few phrases like these and practice the rhythm until you can do it near perfectly . 
  another thing that is very helpful for your problem ( sentence stress/intonation ) : get an audiobook , the accompanying text , and read along with the narrator , focusing on his/her intonation and stress . 
  i do n't have a link in english , unfortunately . 
  this is the most useful site i ever encountered while i was studying greek and latin . 
  it will be more useful when start reading authentic texts and you can get one click definitions and parsing information , but it 's also an excellent online dictionary ( lewis and short ) until then . 
  i actually really like most of cs lewis 's work , but mere christianity is pretty lackluster . 
  a lot of people notice its seeming gaps in logic ( which i think it has ) , but , like christians with the bible , fail to see it in context . 
  it was a series of radio broadcasts during wwii britain . 
  the level of intellectual engagement iin mere christianity is noticeably lower than in his other works ( imho , of course ) , and the intended audience probably has a lot to do with that . 
  this is assuming that was a `` thrall of death '' . 
  if someone deviates from the orthodox view on jesus as much as nirvana2013 , i see no reason to expect them to agree with doctrine such as original sin either . 
  bible thumping , not bible bashing . 
  this would be my list almost exactly . 
  they only thing i would add is chinese , because contrary to op 's sentiments , the chinese diaspora is all over the place , and they more and more speak mandarin in addition to their native dialect . 
  you mean the western capitalist world . 
  i ca n't speak for all of it , but german media is just as biased towards chavez or the former ddr as the us . 
  i 'm confused . 
  if you do n't want to continue conversation , is n't it easier to stop participating than to tell the other person to stop ? 
  what do you gain by implied threats ? 
  could you clarify the sentiment that some parts of the `` middle class '' ( as some call it ) are lumpenproletarier ? 
  which parts ? 
  i 'm familiar with the analysis of the perceived middle class as workers and bourgeoisie , but i 'm struggling with the rest . 
  i 've met a good number of people who think digraphs are called dipthongs . 
  it seems especially prevelant among people learning polish , for some reason . 
  `` polish is hard because it has so many dipthongs . '', 
  `` what do you mean ? '', 
  `` you know , cz , sz , ... '', 
  according to my teach yourself book , xhosa only has three clicks . 
  wikipedia says 18 , but they all seem to be different phonetic realizations of the three click phonemes . 
  maybe someone more knowledgeable on the subject can shed some light on that .
