  some do n't have an english equivalent , [ like this one ] ( http://cn.nytimes.com/china/20170104/panzhihua-shooting/ ) . 
   what the fuck should germany do ,, 
  not separate families . 
  prosecute crimes that occur within the camps . 
  not let organizations profit from this crisis at the expense of people 's lives . 
  since you did n't respond to anything in my comment , maybe this is more appropriate for your reading level . 
  the genitive is falling out of use , but it 's still used frequently when people speak in a more formal register . 
  there are also a lot of set phrases that use the genitive in any register , but you 're right , it is becoming less common . 
  some people ca n't even do it right any more when they try to sound smart ( wegen des ... oh shit , what 's the genitive of k\u00e4se ? 
  the dative 's doing fine , though . 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from there . 
  google or search whatever academic database you use for fossilized errors and you should find plenty of stuff . 
  i do n't know exactly how many words i know , but i doubt it 's much more than eight thousand , probably closer to six thousand , and i can get through shitty romance novels okay . 
  i even made it through cat country , though some of the more philosophical monologues were lost on me . 
  there are words i do n't know , but it 's manageable . 
  i agree that there seems to be endless amounts of vocabulary you need to know , though . 
  i also think it 's partially related to how chinese authors usually write : flowery , complicated , learned prose is good prose , which is in many ways the opposite of how modern english is usually written . 
  some authors make a point not to do this , but they 're the exception . 
  i 've convinced myself that not-particularly-educated chinese people have a slightly higher tolerance for ambiguity/unknown words and phrases when reading novels than english speakers , but i could just be making myself feel better because reading prose is harder than i 'd expect it to be compared to my ability to have or read conversations . 
  some of the comments seemed to be supporting the idea that scottish gaelic was a pan-scottish language , which it never was . 
  if the nationalists are actually pushing that , and it 's not just some strays on the internet , i can understand the critique a little better . 
  ( edit : i was totally wrong here . 
  scottish gaelic was at one point spoken in most of scotland . ), 
  the thread has plenty of badling to go around , though . 
  actually when i looked it up to make sure i was giving you the right information , it seems like i was wrong . 
  a linguistic map of 12th century scotland looks like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_gaelic#/media/file:scots_lang-en.svg ) . 
  gaelic first came to scotland in the 4th or 5th century from ireland , but did n't start spreading widely until the 8th century . 
  pictish and cumbric were replaced mostly by scottish gaelic , but in some areas by norse or english by about 900ad . 
  english/scots then started replacing gaelic in the late 11th century . 
  by the 1500s , gaelic was mostly confined to the highlands . 
  i never realized it had ever been dominant in the lowlands . 
  til . 
   there are n't direct translations and every single little possibility would have to be manually programmed in to avoid bad mistakes in translation . 
  this is n't how machine translation works these days , for the most part . 
  i 'm not an expert , but as i understand it google translate compares translated texts . 
  for some languages , it has more rules for how to translate by looking at these texts , while the new version figures out most of the rules itself . 
  it will continue getting better , but we wo n't have machine translation as good as a proper human translator until an ai has human-like intelligence . 
  at that point , translators ' jobs will be the least of the societal changes taking place . 
  i always figured that would be a long time from now , but the new news from alphago is making me question a lot of what i thought about current ai . 
  i think there will always be times where people want the human touch , just like there are still times when people find sending letters more appropriate than emails . 
  good idea !, 
  english teachers in asia need a sub that caters more specifically to them . 
  more english -  tl shows up when you review . 
  passive learning comes before active when it comes to language . 
  it does n't matter if it 's children learning their native language , adults learning in a classroom , people picking up the language through immersion , or any other kind of study . 
  remember , duo is a tool , not a full course . 
  if you want to learn to use the language actively , you have to practice it somewhere else . 
  repetition of what ? 
  i do n't feel like repetition is very helpful to op without tell them what to repeat . 
  minimal pair drills are a good idea . 
  get two syllables that differ only by tone , play one of them at random , say which tone it is , check your answer , repeat ad nauseum . 
  any kind of listening practice will help , and the more you do it , the better you 'll get . 
  only white southernness is really southern , did n't you get the memo ? 
  / s , because tons of of people actually think like this and no small number will outright say it . 
  technically you 're right , but if you search for \u964d\u566a\u8033\u673a , the first results that show up are noise-canceling headphones from bose . 
  i assumed op was trying to buy some , so i gave them the word i know is used , even if it 's not technically correct . 
  the media and a lot of partisan democrats/liberals are becoming more anti-russia . 
  the right , which has lost a lot of its libertarian streak , is becoming more pro-putin/pro-russian . 
  most people care just as little as they ever did . 
  i mostly fall into the latter camp . 
  i 'm not happy russia is interfering with american elections , but i also think it 's really rich that american politicians are acting so outraged about it . 
  you can love italy and hate the language . 
  or you could love your job , or your partner . 
  liking or not liking a language is a fairly weak reason to live or not live in a country , in my opinion . 
  i 've never liked the german language , but i live in germany and learned it because i had other good reasons . 
  on the other hand i love the chinese language , but that 's not nearly a good enough reason to live in china . 
  it has more to do with the culture than the language itself . 
  which cultures seem the most different to you ? 
  east asia is a common choice of very different cultures where the languages have lots of learning material . 
  the languages are also about as different as they come , but that just means they take more time to learn . 
  you may learn more about the human language by studying a vastly different language than by studying spanish , but it 's interacting with the culture that will force you to see things from a different perspective . 
  are you having trouble remembering the forms or knowing when to use them ? 
  the first question to ask when something is n't working is ` how many hours ? ', 
  how many total , how many per week ? 
  if you 're not sure , think about what series you 've finished and their total run time . 
  other problems could be you 're not focusing or the shows are too hard or too easy , but the more likely explanation is that you need to do it more . 
  to keep yourself focused , talk to the show while you watch it . 
  ask the characters questions , tell them about why they made a stupid choice , warn them about what 's around the corner . 
  it 's easy to watch tv and think you 're paying attention while your mind wanders , so be careful . 
  you may also need to do extra vocab work , but with the right series you should be able to pick up a lot as you go . 
  i 've heard this from other people , but i ca n't see it . 
  i first got into chinese because i wanted to study something different , and it has never disappointed . 
  the way people approach problems , construct narratives , argue , negotiate hierarchies . 
  the way people feel about their work and families , their responsibilities to society and values . 
  the education system , the role of music in society , gender roles , expectations of marriage . 
  it 's all different . 
  germany is similar . 
  mexican culture is fairly similar . 
  but even though japan has a lot more western influence than china , the things that make cultures distinct to me are still there . 
  i guess it comes down to what people perceive as the defining characteristics of a culture . 
  that 's why i asked the question in my first comment , because i know some people see it differently . 
  my experience with germans is that they use logical as a kind of catch all appeal when arguing . 
  i 've gotten much better at winning arguments with germans since learning to tell them that they 're being illogical and my idea is more logical , even with no support or when logic is completely irrelevant . 
  i do n't generally find them more or less logical than any other group , they just talk about it more . 
  i 'm not trying to tell you your experience is wrong , i just thought i 'd add another perspective . 
  i need to find that routine . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen it . 
  if i had to pick one thing i miss about the us -- and i know this will seem petty -- it 's the fact that if i get hungry in the middle of the night and for some reason do n't have food at home or do n't want to eat it , i can pop over to waffle house and get some food . 
  in germany , good luck finding anything open at 3 a.m. in anything less than a huge city . 
   you obviously hang out with a bunch of people equally as dumb and talentless as you are .
