  ( i 'd love stats on this , but i 've never seen any . ), 
  there 's less that you can study explicitly , and more that you have to get a feel for what sounds natural and how people say things . 
  these are things that english helps less with in either language . 
  yes , the vocab you continue to learn will still be discounted in spanish , but chinese starts to be mostly compounds as well . 
  it 's still an advantage for spanish , but not like at the beginning . 
   and they probably wo n't say the other part of that puzzle -- `` while chinese are smarter '', 
  you must hang out with some really reserved , well-mannered people . 
   i can concede that language is more fluid than it used to be . 
  mass communication has strengthened prestige dialects , not made language more fluid . 
  it 's pretty much the opposite . 
   degradation of the language, 
  it seems like you mean making it more difficult to communicate . 
  if you find a dialect more difficult to understand or less precise or more unclear , it 's usually because you do n't speak that dialect . 
  i 'm appalachian , we understand each other fine . 
  i can also speak standard english for people who do n't speak appalachian . 
   my question is more relevant to the fact that there is no ` r ' in the word `` wash '' to begin with , so is it mispronounced , or dialect ? 
  what do you mean by to begin with ? 
  it 's been there a long time . 
  its distribution in areas settled by scots and irish settlers from canada to the south seems to indicate that it 's been there since before the us was settled . 
   just because a word is commonly used in an area by a large group of people does n't make it correct . 
  what does make a word correct ? 
  i generally use mdbg.net for stroke order animations . 
   by the way , i know dubbed versions are way easier to understand than native spoken shows , i 've been watching some chinese tv shows and to me they speak so so fast , to me they 're not even pronouncing the tones very clearly , and i see 12 characters in the subs but only hear them say like 8 xd, 
  tones are never as clearly pronounced as in textbooks , and if you 're listening to northerners , you may only hear clearly pronounced tones on the stressed words in a sentence . 
  everything else kind of blends together . 
  the tones are still there , just kind of weak . 
  northern accents also slur words together sometimes , so do n't be surprised if you do n't hear what they 're saying at first . 
  it takes practice . 
  sometimes subs do n't match , which could also be a problem . 
  most of what you watch from mainland china will be using a beijing or beijing influenced accent . 
  i personally find it much easier to distinguish tones when listening to taiwanese media or southern accents in general . 
  taiwanese mandarin brings its own issues , but the tones are more clearly pronounced . 
  mandarin dubs vary widely in quality , and translations are generally pretty translation-y . 
  that does n't mean listening to dubs is necessarily bad , just be aware . 
  homophones are n't really an issue you have to think about any more than english unless you 're talking about poetry or something . 
  etalasi has already explained it better than i could , so i 'll just leave it at that . 
  we already have refugee `` camps '' run by church orders or , worse , for profit companies , where refugees are n't allowed to spend nights away from camp , where families are arbitrarily separated by the government who only recognizes the existence of small , nuclear , german family structures , where police look the other way as long as the only people raped and beaten are brown , unless it 's a report of a woman who ca n't keep her baby clean because she 's in ancient army barracks ' gymnasium turned sleeping area with no private bathroom and no water . 
  they 'll take the babies - they can still be beneficial to the german state as long as they 're raised german . 
  would be okay my ass , we 're already okay with it . 
  most anything in the medical sector will make more money in the united states . 
  there are other exceptions , like i said , but the broader trend is that [ working class people make more money in germany ] ( http://www.citylab.com/work/2012/01/which-countries-pay-blue-collar-workers-most/818/ ) . 
  and that 's old data . 
  i ca n't imagine the us having gained in that ranking over the last six years . 
  no problem . 
  i realized i forgot to mention something which may be useful/new info , especially since you implied you prefer dubs : subtitles pretty much never match dubs , except for some dubs of hk cantonese media . 
  if you 're watching dubs and expecting to hear what 's written , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  subs for mandarin-produced films are generally very , very close , though . 
  they may leave out or add a particle here and there , but it 's hardly noticeable . 
  lots of chinese phrases translated directly to english sound super rude . 
  the way people communicate and show politeness is just really different . 
  depends on what sentence . 
  `` i 'd like a x '' becomes automatic pretty fast . 
  most of my communication in german comes out without me thinking about it , for better or worse . 
  if things get complicated , i start having to think about it and translate a bit . 
  i 'm not really hungry , but which meal do you think i should cook ? 
  ramen , frozen pizza , fish sticks , something else ? 
  i 'd love to eat one sometime , though it 's pretty unlikely i do it before i fall asleep , but just in case , what is the best choice for me ? 
  if i do eat , it 'll be because it tastes good or i 'm hungry ... 
  to be serious , french and german are the two most useful non-english languages in europe by far . 
  french edges out german in romance areas , german is more useful most everywhere else . 
  but if you do n't know and do n't have a reason , just pick whichever one seems more interesting to you . 
  or , since you 're american and would be able to use it outside of europe too , how about spanish ? 
  the foreign service institute considers german slightly harder than french . 
  that sounds about right to me , but it 's not a big enough difference to be worth worrying about . 
  french and german both have some sounds not found in english . 
  french might be a little harder to pronounce , but again , not a huge issue either way . 
  in either france or germany , the young , educated people in big cities or those who otherwise interact with foreigners regularly will speak english . 
  most other people will not , or at least not comfortably . 
  in germany , you will be able to find an english speaker slightly faster if you yell for one in a rural supermarket . 
  outside of big cities , english skills among service job staff and the general population is not enough to rely on . 
  when monolinguals visit me in germany , they complain about not being able to get anything done because they ca n't find anyone who speaks english . 
  yes , germans are slightly more likely to speak english than french speakers , but again , not a big difference . 
  they 're both about equally common as foreign languages outside of the core areas , but they 're prevalent in different areas . 
  german is on the rise , though , and may outpace french in europe in a few years . 
  i 've never seen an answer that seems entirely complete or true to me , nor does there seem to be a consensus , but there are a few explanations . 
  cantonese tabloids used to put a \u516b\u5366\u5716 over the important bits of nude pictures . 
  this could have also started after referring to the magazines as \u516b\u5366\u96dc\u8a8c , but that 's speculation . 
  analogy with \u516b\u5a46 . 
  this has been attributed to various individuals in the entertainment or tabloid business in hk and taiwan . 
  tea houses used to hang ( \u639b ) gossip in the shape of a \u516b\u5366 on their door to get travelers to come in . 
  this sounds very folk etymology-esque to me . 
  it came from cantonese , and they come up with weird slang all the time . 
  some of the ty courses are very good , some are not . 
  it depends a lot on the author . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not familiar with the spanish course , but most of the courses are decent . 
  [ there are at most correlations between male and female brains . 
  they are not sexually dimorphic in the way penises or uteruses are . 
  ] ( http://www.livescience.com/52941-brain-is-mix-male-and-female.html ) men and women can show any variety of different personality traits and brains which in no way make them more womanly or more manly , any more than being strong makes a woman manly or being short makes a man less of a man . 
  if we think different genders have different brains , how can we abolish gender stereotypes ? 
  do women with more typically masculine brains have to be trans , or can they just be kind of butch ? 
  i struggled a lot my third semester of both latin and greek because jumping to native materials was difficult , and i did n't have much experience learning languages at all . 
  greek and latin were significantly more time-consuming than spanish class because of how much we had to translate a night . 
  biblical hebrew was the easiest of all , but then again i did n't learn much there . 
  it sounds like you know a lot more about what to expect and how to approach your language classes than i did then . 
  if you 're not struggling with latin and can put a comparable amount of time into greek , you wo n't struggle with it either . 
  it 's harder , but it 's not that much harder and all the study skills you have from latin will transfer well . 
  despite me thinking that latin and greek were some of my more difficult classes , i did manage to study four languages ( three if you do n't count hebrew ) at university plus learn german in my spare time my last two years . 
  i also had to read french for some of my research papers , but that was n't that hard with time and a dictionary . 
  if you are a full-time student with no job , you can definitely keep up with the load you 're describing . 
  the articles on the [ main page ] ( http://cn.nytimes.com/ ) have the author listed under them .
