  i do n't really think in any language unless i 'm thinking about talking to someone , writing an email , etc. 
  in that case , i think in whatever language i 'd be talking or writing to that person in . 
  it actually weirds me out a little to imagine my thoughts using language . 
  like when i 'm playing chess , i do n't talk myself through the moves , i just look for them . 
  i see where they can move and what can happen next , no language involved . 
  if i 'm planning my day , i see myself at the grocery store , no language involved . 
  languages are redundant , arbitrary , ambiguous , and socially negotiated . 
  that makes them fascinating objects of study , but i would n't want to think in one . 
  i also do n't remember a time in my life when i subvocalized while reading , so maybe my brain just does n't deal with language that well . 
  atlanta 's not that expensive by city standards , and there is some beautiful scenery and nice parks driving north out of the city . 
  you 're right about the wet part , but the only other option is going to the southwest , so op might end up sacrificing a bit . 
  it 's pretty uncommon not to have a credit card . 
  when people tell me they do n't have credit cards , i assume it 's for religious reasons . 
  the advantage of credit cards is that you get cash back or other rewards , and they do n't cost any more than debit cards if you pay them on time . 
  for the record , i mostly agree with you . 
  i 've never had a credit card and one of my life goals is never taking a loan . 
  the fact that no credit history is not good credit history is a symptom of our cultural illness that is overdependence on private financial institutions . 
  i 've met very few other americans with that outlook , though , especially outside of the conspiracy theorists i grew up around . 
  my scalp and what 's left of my hair is much healthier after adopting european showering habits . 
  it seems really weird to ask like this in a german context . 
  it 'd just be seen as weird and unnecessary even though i think you 're going for polite . 
  just address and talk to them in german . 
  at the airport , they may very well be more used to asking these questions in english than german so do n't take it personally if they switch . 
  and if you have trouble communicating , do n't be the person making their job harder because you want to practice . 
  germany has plenty of polite , patient people who do n't speak english and are n't in a hurry . 
  the people at the airport are not those people . 
  i can hunt , fish , grow stuff and use a gun . 
  i 've been hearing this my whole life and it seems to be getting less and less likely that i 'll ever take out a loan . 
  i wonder how old i have to get before people stop telling me . 
  my family is from appalachia , so i 'm privileged in the sense that i can probably just pull up a trailer somewhere if things get bad and will never need to rely on a landlord or a mortgage . 
  so far i 've made every major purchase with cash and plan to keep it that way . 
  i may die like stringbean but at least i always belonged to me . 
  not from me . 
  i hate usury with a passion , think banks control our country and trust them about as much as a fox in a chicken coop . 
  credit cards are a sign of the beast . 
  the antichrist is preparing us to receive his mark . 
  something like that . 
  you may think i 'm joking , but i thought this was a totally normal thing to think until i was about 14 or so . 
  not a majority opinion , of course , but lots of people i knew thought credit cards were the devil . 
  edit : something like this http://bad.eserver.org/issues/2000/51/placas.html, 
  i 'm on mobile , sorry about the formatting . 
  i 've found america to be very average in how much most people value money . 
  honorable mention to all of korean and mexican cuisine . 
  how else would you distinguish it from other kinds of coke ? 
  too many individual words and grammar structures to count , but when i moved away , the most common response was `` yoooouuuuuu taaawwwwuuulk sooooo slooooooouuuuuuw . '', 
  chayer ( chair ) was also a very common thing to mimic . 
  i now never mention people 's accents because not having anyone take me seriously for two years while i learned a new accent was not a pleasant experience . 
  i ca n't tell if this is joking or not . 
  are you deleting the app because of gems ? 
  because two years is too long to use a program like this ? 
  this reminds me , i was reading * built on bones * by brenna hassett recently , and she said something about boris johnston that i ( who studied classics ) feel like applies to a very large number of classicists . 
  i 'm thumbing through and ca n't find it , but the gist was `` boris johnston is living proof that a classics degree in the wrong hands is a dangerous thing . '', 
   i 'm baffled how someone can state something so outrageous with such confidence and not feel like they have to provide a shred of evidence . 
  the opposite of what i 'm saying is politically correct , which means it 's both wrong and liberal . 
  checkmate , circle-jerking attack linguists . 
  thank you for this write-up . 
  i could only make it about a paragraph and a half into the original answer . 
  please , tell me what federal programs i benefit from that justify me getting double-taxed . 
  i do n't benefit from any of those things . 
  i 'm against almost everything america does diplomatically and militarily , and europe is perfectly capable of handling its own stability . 
  in fact , it 'd be a lot more stable if the usa were n't shitting up the middle east and driving millions of refugees to europe . 
  the only thing i 'm not sure about representation , but i ca n't imagine it being anything i benefit from . 
  i have my problems with the german government , but i trust them far more than the clowns running the usa . 
  the only reason i even bother paying my american taxes is because i want to go back some day . 
  i do n't see how me being abroad costs the american government money . 
  i paid for my passport . 
  the organization that i would go through to get an american visa for family funds itself through fees , not taxpayer money . 
  i did like that , thanks . 
  i 've actually never had to deal with yankees ripping on the south in the south . 
  i 've gotten it some when traveling , but most of the yankees i know live in the south and seem to like it well enough . 
  the people giving me such a hard time about my accent when i was younger were texans , funnily enough . 
  i did n't expect that when i moved there . 
  i still disagree . 
  if anything , learning kanji in context as parts of words is more important in japanese . 
  and , like chinese , that 's sufficient . 
  if you how the word is written , how it 's pronounced , and how to use it , that 's enough , and you do n't need any individual character study to learn any of those things . 
  with chinese , you 'll be a lot more accurate reading compound words you do n't know but recognize the characters of . 
  that 's the main difference . 
  to answer your first question , i see value in learning to handwrite characters individually . 
  especially towards the beginning , i find it easier to have lots of immediate repetition to make it look right . 
  that 's easier when focusing on single characters . 
  and no , i 'm not safe because of us embassies . 
  i 'm safe because germany is a safe place with a strong legal system that treats foreigners about as fairly as you can ask for . 
  i know where the consulate is , but i have to pay to do anything i want to do there . 
  as far as getting me out of trouble goes , almost every other country offers this service without taxing non-residents , and most european countries do a better job of it . 
  it also does n't justify the amount of taxes they collect by itself . 
  i hated trump the candidate . 
  he 's actually exceeding my ( very low ) expectations as a president . 
  i do n't think he 's much worse than any other president we 've had in my lifetime aside from my issues with him as a person , but i still would n't have voted for him . 
  i have n't lost faith because i have n't lost faith in americans . 
  voting in someone like trump , as horrifying as he is , is actually a good sign in my opinion . 
  people want to wrest the country from international corporations and financial institutions that do n't value the well-being of our communities , and trump 's rhetoric played on those powerful , productive feelings ( as well as some other , less savory feelings , but i 'm trying to be positive here ) . 
  in the future we may even elect politicians who actually do something about it . 
  i wield wield since folks who do n't know anglish can understand it . 
  anglish is n't much fun to me if it 's too much like another tung . 
  i think we should join other parts of the world in doing controlled tests of ubi in small communities to see what kind of effects it has . 
  we will eventually need some kind of solution to a post-labor economy , so we might as well get started figuring out what works . 
  china has the high ground because china has to care about the environment anyways because of domestic pressure . 
  they 've already done fucked up their environment in a way no one else has . 
  parts of the country are so polluted that this is a matter of very real , critical importance for them , both for the health of the population and political stability .
