  i live in a city of about a million . 
  i got a round of applause on the bus the other day for answering the bus driver 's question about where i was going . 
  the last time i went to the supermarket ( not the one i usually go to , people there are used to me ) , i took pictures with about 9 random people who asked , caught 4 people clandestinely taking pictures of me , was followed around by a band of children , and had 23 people i do n't know say hello in english . 
  not to mention seemingly everyone who sees me needs to point and comment about me ( assuming i do n't understand ) . 
  in beijing , everyone was amazed i could use chopsticks . 
  here , while i 'm sitting here eating my food with chopsticks no struggle , people are talking about how i ca n't use chopsticks . 
  have n't really figured that one out yet . 
  and that 's still a pretty big city by most non-china standards . 
  i 'm actually kind of masochistically curious what it 's like in the real boonies . 
  to be fair though , about 85 % of people are pretty normal about me speaking mandarin to them . 
  they rarely talk to me like an idiot , just repeat themselves if i do n't understand , etc. 
  but those other 15 % ... 
  english and chinese are in a league of their own when it comes to the internet . 
  no other languages even come close to the amount of content available , even if they have more , smaller websites . 
  lots of good answers so far , i 'll just add my two cents . 
  chinese is a pretty context heavy language , and reading generally gives you a lot less context than talking face to face . 
  i find reading pinyin cumbersome , but i 'm also not a native chinese speaker . 
  chinese characters are a lot more information dense , and include semantic content as well as phonetic . 
  after learning the characters , which is a pain , my hunch is they 're a bit faster to read . 
  for example , if i see the word `` comenzar '' in spanish , i see how the word sounds , and then from there know what it means . 
  in chinese , that last step is already a part of the writing system . 
  plus , 140 characters in chinese is a lot more content than 140 characters in english , and probably more space efficient on computers and in print than just about any other writing system/language . 
  not to mention cultural inertia , and the fact that everyone seems to not mind using them , which is probably the real and largest reason why they have n't been changed . 
  it is more dense , but for me speed has always been harder to follow than density ( spanish being the `` fast '' language ; it 's comparable to japanese in that respect ) . 
  i usually have more trouble hearing the sounds quickly enough than figuring out what they mean quickly enough . 
  if you check out audiotechnica 's reviews online , plenty of people buying them to listen to music complain that they sound flat . 
  i have a pair and they 're great if you want/need to hear the music clearly , but a clean sound is n't always the same as a good listening experience , which is what most people are looking for . 
  no , but i think there are a lot of people who are very much not serious . 
  do n't be sorry . 
  that 's just how it goes sometimes . 
  sometimes you just have to curl up with a heating pad and watch starcraft all day . 
  i know for a long time i had internalized that i just had stomachaches and needed to buck up ( years of not being diagnosed , i guess ) , but the only person you should be judging yourself against is you . 
  there 's a reason you 're tired , and it 's okay to have less energy to put towards things like school . 
  sometimes there 's not much you can do about it . 
  also , prioritize mental health . 
  this is something you 'll be dealing with on and off for a lifetime , so to me at least , it 's just as important as treating the physical symptoms . 
  i think a lot of times these posts are not because the people have n't seen the faq , but because they want a personalized answer , no matter how generic the question , and they want the interaction that comes with it . 
  a lot of people are more trusting of what they 're told than something they read which was intended for everybody . 
  do i find the constant repeat of questions a little annoying ? 
  definitely , but i also doubt you 'll be able to stop them just by making the faq more visible . 
   and as for what this sub is about , i always thought it was a sub where people shared their experience of misused words , bad grammar and any other linguistic related `` abuse '' . 
  not a good start . 
  also , where did they get the idea that the word only ca n't describe multiple things ? 
  the only vegetables i like are collard greens and potatoes . 
  that seems natural to me . 
  why do they need to explain `` one of the only [ things ] '' away as a figure of speech ? 
  glossika cantonese is released already . 
  just within the last few weeks , i think . 
   i 've never heard anybody say with a straight face that `` coche '' is the correct way to say car in spanish , and `` carro '' is just a `` butchering '' of the correct word . 
  thank you for taking to time to write out such a good response , but i have to say i 've heard exactly this in spanish , from multiple spaniards . 
  or rather , that words like `` carro '' and `` celular '' are n't real words , and latin americans ca n't speak spanish . 
  it would have made writing my thesis much easier . 
  there 's no archeological evidence to support this claim , but i do n't give a fuck . 
  depends on what you mean by comic books . 
  i 've been reading the chinese translation of polar bear cafe recently , \u5317\u6781\u718a\u5496\u5561\u5385 \u3002 it has lots of simple language and dialogues . 
  you can find all kinds of translated manga on the \u6f2b\u753b\u4eba android app , and download them to your device for offline reading if you want . 
  i know this is not your question , but people who are more intermediate-ish + looking for reading material should check out uc\u6d4f\u89c8\u5668 . 
  it makes it very easy to find internet novels and save them on your bookshelf to read later . 
  internet novels can be a lot easier to follow than the classics . 
  this can be adjusted for skill level , too , by changing how many words ca n't be used when describing something . 
  pre-made mashed potatoes bother me , if i mash them myself they do n't . 
  i do n't know what 's in the flakes that gets to me , but it does, 
  i notice german commas popping up in my writing all the time . 
  it 's infectious . 
  edit : i missed my opportunity to write `` i notice , that german commas pop up in my writing all the time . '', 
  it 's the degredation of german , not english . 
  get it together . 
  i agree about episodes 2 and 3 , but i felt like the clone wars did a great job of depicting anakin 's internal struggles and his good side , as opposed to the slow descent of whininess that was the movies . 
  it also did a good job of muddying the lines between who were good guys and bad guys , and showing how small the difference between the republic and the empire really was . 
  i think it 's good and safe to encourage this kind of thinking in children , in fact i prefer it to the rebel alliance = good , empire = bad world of the original trilogy . 
  edit : especially in a world where children are likely growing up hearing that socialism is bad , they need to question whether or not the good guys are really the good guys . 
  it 's just an browser aimed towards reading internet novels . 
  search for whatever you want , a button will appear next to it in the search results allowing you to save it to your bookshelf , and voila . 
  \u987e\u6f2b 's novels are a good place to start and probably my favorites , but there are plenty of options and genres , from romance , video games , \u4fee\u771f\u5c0f\u8bf4 , horror , pretty much whatever you want . 
  this does n't help you much , but chinese students generally have no trouble pronouncing the r sound . 
  in fact , it 's difficult to get them to not make an r sound sometimes . 
  it pops up in the damnedest places . 
  i 've never taught japanese people or koreans , but aiming for a retroflex r and telling them to curl the tip of their tongue up worked pretty well for germans , whose r sound is more different than the japanese or korean equivalent . 
  i do n't personally use a retroflex r in my speech , but it ( in my extremely non-scientific experience ) seems to be easier to imitate . 
  it was kind of unexpected . 
  i had been a math/science person my whole school career , took a class in ancient greek , loved it , and have n't looked back since . 
  you mean the alveolar trill , like spanish ? 
  never really encouraged them to use a trilled r , to be honest , even though a classroom full of germans sounding like grand moff tarkin would have been pretty good . 
  but if my german/austrian friends in spain were any indication , no , germans struggle a lot with that sound . 
  and yeah , i 've never been south of frankfurt in germany , and the vast majority of my time in germany has been in the ruhrgebiet . 
  i 'm sure people who grew up with trilled r 's would have a better time of it . 
  same story either way . 
  that r seems , at least from the outside , really difficult for the german speakers who did n't grow up with it . 
  you also said you live on food stamps . 
  those are for people who ca n't work or ca n't find work . 
  if you 're choosing not to work , i find it a little bit offensive that some of what little money real workers make goes to support your lifestyle choices . 
  you kind of seem like a parasite . 
  this coming from a comrade who lived in a van for a few months , so do n't think i 'm out to get you or anything . 
  just make sure you 're putting more into society than you 're taking from it . 
  edit : it 's true that working in an imperialist nation means you benefit from parasitism as well , but there 's not much a worker can do to change that short of organizing for revolution . 
  you * can * change whether you personally are a drain on other workers in your own country . 
  i went to university in the states with a woman from near dortmund , married her , then moved there and got a job teaching english . 
  nothing too exciting , i 'm afraid . 
  i agree that rigid chain of command soldiering is not a good image to present to children , but i felt the show did a good job of questioning that . 
  there were deserters who were portrayed in a positive light , and plenty of clones who struggled with their roles as just command-followers , both in morally questionable situations and just their role as a whole .
