  until you speak esperanto , it 's not worth worrying about though . 
  edit : i forgot to finish a sentence . 
  someone apparently beat me to it , but they definitely do say stuff like that . 
  it 's an issue in german as well . 
  i think they 're overrated . 
  you 'll stop translating in your head at one point or another if you practice and expose yourself enough . 
  strong listening skills are the key , because translating rapid native speech is really hard and takes tons of practice and training , even for native bilinguals . 
  at a certain point your brain will just find it easier to not be thinking about your l1 . 
  i like the general idea behind those flashcards , though . 
  words do n't correlate one to one , you should try to avoid l1 interference , yada ya . 
  if someone gave me a choice between a deck of flashcards with nice pictures or one with translations , i 'd pick the pictures . 
  or tell them to give me one with both , more likely . 
  or just use flashcards with sentences instead of individual words because it 's more effective most of the time . 
  but if you 're making the flashcards yourself , there 's no way it 's worth the trouble to find good images unless you enjoy the process . 
  other languages have similar structures , and that negatively affects women . 
  for example , german studies have shown that job ads that use the generic masculine ( the default ) get fewer responses from women than job ads that explicitly include male and female forms . 
  that 's sexist in that the language negatively affects women , and it is about the structure of the language , not just what people are saying . 
  i always see mras on the internet complaining about how there are no voices raised instead of going and raising the issues themselves . 
  a lot of my friends studied gender studies and consider themselves feminists . 
  some of the men have gone on to work in shelters for male rape victims , organizations that support men who grew up in war-torn areas ( as they tend to experience distinct problems as a group ) , and other man-centric jobs . 
  they see this as as perfectly in line with their feminist views . 
  the problem comes when people , like you , start participating in a discussion about how sexism affects women and derailing the conversation to make it about men . 
  men do face certain problems , and you 're more than welcome to lobby , organize , and provide services that help alleviate these issues . 
  many feminists will support you if you do n't antagonize them by running into conversations about the problems women face complaining that they are n't talking about men . 
  doi :10.1515 / zfgl.33.2-3 .212 . 
  pascal gygax , ute gabriel , oriane sarrasin , jane oakhill , alan garnham : some grammatical rules are more difficult than others : the case of the generic interpretation of the masculine . 
  in : european journal of psychology of education . 
  doi :10.1007 / bf03173014 . 
  doi :10.1026 / 0044-3409 .213.3.167, 
  frederike braun , sabine sczesny , dagmar stahlberg : cognitive effects of masculine generics in german : an overview of empirical findings . 
  in : communications . 
  doi :10.1515 / comm .2005.30.1.1, 
  edit : thought of another one . 
  sandra l. bem , daryl j. bem : does sex-biased job advertising `` aid and abet '' sex discrimination ? 
  in : journal of applied social psychology . 
   one of esperanto 's largest flaws is that it uses affixes for common words , `` maldekstra '' and `` malvarma '' being the most obvious cases of this . 
  i 've always enjoyed that . 
  fewer root words to learn . 
  you 're really missing the point on the last one . 
  they were fighting to include forced penetration , not restrict the definition to it . 
  under certain circumstances where the definition is based on forced sexual intercourse , being penetrated by , say , a garden hose or gun barrel would n't count as rape . 
  just last week a woman from alabama was arrested for raping a man with a garden hose . 
  with older definitions of rape , that might have been more difficult to try . 
  it in no way insinuates that women ca n't rape men , or makes it more difficult to try them . 
  just ignoring it if you do n't need it sounds like a much simpler solution to me . 
   blind listening can be detrimental too, 
  when is blind listening detrimental ? 
  and when you say blind , do you mean without subtitles ? 
  i agree that blind listening does n't help much if you ca n't understand enough of it or know what to listen for , but i took detrimental to mean that it was actually harmful to your language abilities . 
  it * is * detrimental if you replace studying with listening to stuff you do n't understand , but who 'd recommend that anyway ? 
  i 'd call it acceleration . 
   this is an esperanto community , i have just as much a voice in it as you . 
  my native speaker spider sense does n't agree with any of your examples . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  directors at daimler benz and chrysler have announced an agreement to adopt english as the preferred language for communications , rather than german , which was another possibility . 
  as part of the negotiations , directors at chrysler conceded that english spelling has some room for improvement and have accepted a five-year phase-in plan . 
  in the first year , `` s '' will be used instead of the soft `` c '' . 
  also , the hard `` c '' will be replased with `` k '' . 
  not only will this klear up konfusion , but komputers have one less letter . 
  there will be growing kompany enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome `` ph '' will be replased by `` f '' . 
  this will make words like `` fotograf '' 20 persent shorter . 
  in the third year , daimlerkhrysler akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reash the stage where more komplikated shanges are possible . 
  daimlerkhrysler will enkourage the removal of double letters , whish have always ben a deterent to akurate speling . 
  also , al wil agre that the horible mes of silent `` e '' 's in the languag is disgrasful , and they would go . 
  by the fourth year , peopl wil be reseptiv to steps sush as replasing `` th '' with `` z '' and `` w '' by `` v '' . 
  during ze fifz year , ze unesesary `` o '' kan be droped from vords kontaining `` o '' , and similar shanges vud of kors be aplid to ozer kombinations of leters . 
  after zis fifz yer , ve vil hav a reli sensibl riten styl . 
  zer vil be no mor trubls or difikultis , and employes vil find it ezi to kommunikat viz eash ozer . 
  ov kors al supliers vil be expekted to us zis for all busines komunikation via daimlerkhrysler . 
  redis ? 
   but grammatical genders have almost nothing to do with real genders . 
  `` gender '' is just a name we gave them because we overinterpreted a tiny random spark of them . 
  i think it 's more correct to say that grammatical genders * had * almost nothing to do with real genders . 
  that tiny random spark was overinterpreted a long time ago , and in europe noun classes are pretty heavily associated with genders these days . 
  i was in a discussion a few days ago about how women feel excluded when the `` generic '' ( masculine ) plural is used in job ads . 
  the association is strong enough to have a real-world impact . 
  of course , as long as your including three-way masculine/feminine/neuter languages as well . 
  i realize in context that may not have been as clear as it was in my head . 
  my point was that grammatical gender in european languages is demonstrably connected to gender more broadly by its speakers . 
  i get where rusiu is coming from saying that grammatical genders have nothing to do with real genders , because they 're not necessarily connected , but in europe they have become associated with gender . 
  it 's an important distinction because `` grammatical gender has nothing to do with gender '' is often used to dismiss important discussions about sexism in language . 
  i automatically focused on europe when i read op 's question because when discussing languages outside of europe , i 'm used to hearing people talk about noun class , not grammatical gender . 
  a huge number of refugees in germany speak farsi . 
  they 're mostly from afghanistan , but there 's no shortage of iranians either . 
  hypothetically neither group qualifies as refugees because they both come from `` safe zones '' , but they 're here for at least the extent of their paperwork , probably longer . 
  it 's aristophanes ' creation myth in the sense that it 's aristophanes who presents it at the gathering . 
  it depends on the language , but if you 're visually indistinguishable from most speakers , this usually means you need to work on your accent . 
  they 're treated as refugees legally while their application for asylum is being processed . 
  i know of a few cases where people from afghanistan have been excluded from things like government-sponsored language courses , with the reasoning that they are n't really refugees and the slots should be reserved for syrians , but generally they 're all considered refugees . 
   because they get a whole lot of free shit in europe with relative ease, 
  this is a huge oversimplification . 
  yes , they get free shit at the refugee camps , but no one actually wants to stay there and keep getting free shit . 
  living the camps sucks hard , especially since so many of them are in the middle of nowhere , and even moreso because some of the camps have been instituting curfews and requiring the residents to sleep on camp . 
  that is especially shitty when the government fucked up and put your family in two different places . 
  and when you finally get transfer to a house or something , it 's a coin toss as to whether it will actually be better . 
  maybe you and your daughter will be sharing a place with four moroccan drug addicts . 
  they 're called economic migrants because the pain in the ass that they 're going through now will be worth it if they can get the right to work in germany . 
  even the shittiest jobs will provide them with a better quality of life than they had . 
  i deal with refugees most every day , and one of the biggest complaints is that they do n't have a work permit yet . 
  some of them work under the table , but that generally only works if the owners are also not german .
