  picking the right text is an important part of this as well , but it 's difficult to be more specific without knowing more about your level . 
  the best i can say would be to pick things that are easy to understand when you read them , but difficult to understand when you only hear them . 
  similar to xefjord , i did n't find the tones all that big of a problem , and i 've been playing musical instruments and singing since before i can remember . 
  i have n't seen any studies on it , but being able to recognize pitches easily has to help . 
  assimil and glossika are my favorites that have courses for most major languages . 
  some of the older teach yourself books are underrated as well , imo , but still not generally as good as assimil . 
   i 'm not a racist , but, 
   i want to preserve the white race . 
  it 's like you 're not even trying . 
  i would protect my family because of the relationship i have with them because they raised me , because they grew up with me , and because they 're close to me because of the time we 've spent together . 
  it has nothing to do with shared blood . 
  i 'm not really sure what to do with all that about animals . 
  i 'll take my own behavior over an animal 's , thanks . 
  yeah , ideally i 'd put other people above myself , regardless who they are , their blood , national origin , skin color , etc. 
  i do n't always manage it , because i 'm a selfish arsehole , but that 'd be the good christian thing to do . 
  side note , i 'm not the person you 're responding to , but i agree with everything they said and am not at the pub . 
  speaking of children 's stories , [ this channel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqxr3evmyzqz435uuxewekg ) has a ton of simple children 's cartoons that are easy to understand . 
  have you tried [ tesseract ] ( https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract ) ? 
  i do n't have windows 10 to try it , but as far as i know it should support windows 10 as well . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/learnjapanese/wiki/index/startersguide ) the relevant parts are textbooks and resources . 
  subtitles are usually translated separately from dubs , for various reasons . 
  if you want subs that match the dialogue , you generally need to watch movies produced in the tl . 
  german : der spiegel , tagesschau , deutsche welle , kicker.de ( for soccer ) , and readmore.de ( for esports ) . 
  i get most of my news in german . 
  chinese : rfi , bbc , and some stuff that gets linked from ptt or people i follow on twitter . 
  unless it 's something specifically about the sinosphere , the quality of the journalism does n't warrant me expending the effort to read it in chinese most of the time . 
  i pretty much never read the news in spanish unless it 's something i see on facebook or / r/mexico . 
  i usually ca n't stand anglophone `` traditional '' news media . 
  npr 's pretty good sometimes , but that 's about it . 
  i chop the courses up and put them into anki . 
  the way glossika recommends it is fine , but i 'm used to anki and it 's convenient , so it 's easier for me to take the time to make the cards . 
  first i do audio  tl + eng , then use the b recordings to practice production . 
  or just skip it and practice talking to people . 
  i 'm trying something new by going back through the mandarin course i finished a while back and making cloze deletions out of some of the later sentences because my active vocab is n't nearly where i 'd like it to be . 
  i would support rewording rule 5 to include specific bans on these types of questions . 
  there was a similar thread a few days ago with the same problem but a different language , and this is the exercise i posted because i find it useful . 
  it works just as well for any language . 
  since you mentioned movies , i should point out that this exercise can work well with scenes/dialogues from movies , too . 
  listen to the text before reading it . 
  at lower levels or more difficult texts , maybe only a sentence at a time , but i 've also done it for up to chapter-size chunks . 
  read the text ( or excerpt ) , preferably while listening to it . 
  listen again without looking at the text . 
  then repeat steps two and three until you 're satisfied with how much you understand . 
  picking the right text is an important part of this as well , but it 's difficult to be more specific without knowing more about your level . 
  the best i can say would be to pick things that are easy to understand when you read them , but difficult to understand when you only hear them . 
  but at the end of the day , yeah , you just have to keep practicing listening one way or another . 
  all those movies and tv shows will eventually pay off and get your listening on par with your reading , but exercises like this can help speed the process up a bit . 
  way to use anecdotes to disparage a whole generation . 
  expat communities everywhere i 've lived drop local words into the conversation when it 's relevant/convenient/funny / whatever . 
  it 'd be pretentious if you did it to random people in the us , but this sub has a large population of people who live in china . 
  using chinese words here and there is as normal as can be . 
  go dig up some of the old / r/china censuses if youwant and see if you can find some figures on how many people know at least some basic chinese . 
  also , what the hell kind of people do you hang out with that most of them ca n't read characters , even if they 've been in china for years ? 
  that 's cool if you ca n't be arsed to learn the characters ( it 's actually not , but let 's say it is ) , but do n't come spoil other people 's conversations . 
  get perapera or ignore it if you do n't like it . 
  but most of all , not every comment is written for you . 
  smirth probably did n't give a shit if you could read it or not . 
  if a comment is n't about you , is n't written for you , and bothers you , then just forget about it instead being a pain in the ass . 
  that 's good internet etiquette . 
  hassling other people communicating with each other in a way that 's comfortable to them , with words from whatever language they want , is not good etiquette . 
   we 're talking about characters . 
  not spoken words . 
  they 're chinese words , whether written in characters or not . 
  i was n't talking only about the spoken language . 
   most expats living in china can not read chinese characters . 
  really ? 
  not even a little bit ? 
  i mostly know other people who live in bumfuck nowhere , but most longtermers are at least hsk 3 i 'd say . 
  enough to get around with the basics . 
  maybe it 's different in t1 , i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt . 
   the only people who can read chinese are those who are 1 . from a chinese family where they grew up with it and they are often struggling . 
  2 . are dedicated students in full-time uni studies and let me tell you about that ... 
  i dicked around on my own for for a few years and was about hsk4 when i showed up in china , hsk 5 when i left . 
  plenty of people over on / r/chineselanguage study on their own , and plenty of people in china pick it up while they 're working . 
  ask around here . 
  the responses in this thread are a good sign . 
  and like you have picked up on , studying chinese at university does n't make you good . 
  i 'd even go so far as to say most expats who speak chinese have n't studied at university . 
   if you are going to paste chinese characters, 
  you 're projecting really hard , probably to protect yourself . 
  i recognize some of the usernames in this conversation from various china-related subs . 
  they actually do know a fair bit of chinese . 
  it 's not a big deal for them to use chinese words ( or characters ) . 
  they 're not trying to impress anybody . 
  it 's completely normal for them . 
  and here you are , accusing everybody of copy and pasting just because you think it 's unlikely that a forum about china has a bunch of people who can read chinese . 
  i 've read the last two paragraphs twice and i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  too many sounds . 
   almost anyone who 's using them is doing so from machine translation . 
  i would ask you to find an example of this on the sub , but you probably would n't be able to tell : (, 
   take the 20 seconds out of your lazy life, 
  my life . 
  lazy . 
  compared to the guy who lives in china and ca n't be arsed to learn chinese . 
  because i ca n't interpret gurgling sounds and words i associate with the china circlejerk assholes . 
  pretty sure you 're just one of their alts trolling at this point . 
  with languages and instruments , the more frequent the better . 
  if every other day is as frequent as you can do it , then it will have to work , but i 'd recommend cutting down to one language and one instrument and doing it every day . 
  all latin should have an english translation next to it .
