  it was hard to watch . 
  i also see it colloquially all the time . 
  it 's definitely a native mistake as well . 
  i think it 's a dialect thing . 
  my partner is a native speaker who ca n't for the life of her use - em and - en correctly in writing , because when she speaks it all just kind of sounds the same . 
  my name ends in an / n / and i frequently hear it with an / m / . 
  i 've never seen anyone mention or write about this particular phenomenon , but this is dortmund so not exactly an uncommon dialect . 
  that 's what [ shallow orthography ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orthographic_depth ) means . 
  `` phonetic spelling '' is just the lay term for it . 
  a lot of the appeal of harry potter is that people know the story already , too . 
  that probably knocks a full cef level off what you need to comfortably read the book , and i do n't think there are more than twenty or thirty magic terms that come up often enough for you to have to remember , which is a tiny fraction of what you 'll learn by reading the book . 
  you can more or less treat them like keeping up with characters ' names . 
   well , in chinese ( my target language ) there 's a dearth of decent fantasy fiction ,, 
  of all the things chinese has a dearth of , fantasy fiction is not one of them . 
  i guess decent is subjective , but i definitely consider it one of chinese cultural output 's strong points . 
   it 's kind of depressing actually , how far behind china is on western-style books/films/tv ... 
  this is kind of getting off topic from the sub , but i find it the opposite of depressing when countries do n't just ape whatever is happening in the west . 
  chinese film is extremely guilty of this , but chinese pop-literature is quite unique . 
  look at what happens when foreign companies get too successful in china and see how free the market is . 
  sure it does . 
  people who are less educated ( correlated to being poor ) are less likely to 1 . be able to and 2 . want to try to speak in a more standard way . 
  appalachian accents are the same way . 
  am i poor and uneducated because i speak that way ? 
  is it mostly poor and uneducated people you hear speaking that way ? 
  yes , especially if you do n't live nearby and get your impressions from the media . 
  i 'm well aware of what china is . 
  we may not have anything against china , but they constantly use our adherence to the rules of free trade to their advantage . 
  we * should * have something against china until we either stop letting them take advantage of us or they stop themselves . 
  two or three . 
  i pick up fast food once a week and normally have a burger at home once a week . 
  sometimes i need two to get full . 
  what do you mean by i 'm all over the board ? 
  we are competing with each other , but it 's not a free market . 
  maybe that 's concise enough to not be `` all over the board '' . 
  i do n't think votes are worth much either way , up or down . 
   so go take your bullshit somewhere else . 
  so i should n't discuss things on a discussion board ? 
  regarding your edit : we requires at least two people . 
  you may not have been talking about what you see as china 's internal economics , but i was talking about the way the chinese economy deals with foreign companies and investment as compared to ours . 
  i find my point very relevant to yours . 
  the global economy is not a free market . 
  not every country has the same policies on imports , tariffs , foreign ownership of private assets , and so on . 
  we also have very different rules and outcomes for foreign companies operating within our borders , which is part of the global economy . 
  i do n't care enough to make my own comment thread , but i do think it 's important to point out that your comment could be a bit misleading . 
  there are good grammar workbooks in most bookstores there , all labeled with the intended level . 
  flip through , find one you like , and go for it . 
  i got one for c2 and it was helpful , especially since i almost never need to speak or write very formal german on a daily basis . 
  i did make my own comment , and i think my point is fine . 
  i do n't think anyone is justified in asking me to get off this open forum while i 'm being civil . 
  i 'm pretty sure you calling me a dumbshit is n't against the rules here , but it seems like a somewhat irrational response to someone responding to a comment you made on geopolitical issues . 
  which part is that in response to ? 
  [ the bonnie blue flag ] ( http://www.civilwarheritagetrails.org/civil-war-music/images/bonnie-blue-flag/shape_pic163.png ), 
  i think we had a similar exchange a few days ago , but i could be thinking of someone else . 
  here it goes again anyways . 
  is n't getting subjective , personalized answers to questions like this kind of the point of the sub ? 
  those all seem like perfectly reasonable questions for this sub to me . 
  i have a few questions , one political and the others not so much . 
  what did you think of trump 's speech in poland last week ? 
  i thought it was one of the more interesting speeches he 's given , i 'm curious to hear what y' all think about it . 
  is the book l\u00f3d popular ? 
  i have a couple of friends who were raving about that book recently . 
  it sounds like a great book , but it seems weird to me that a book as popular as my friends act like it is would n't have an english ( or any language ) translation . 
  why do n't you export more pigwa ? 
  ( i think that 's the right word . 
  polish friends bring it back in unmarked bottles when they visit their grandmothers . 
  stronger than wine , not as strong as vodka ) . 
  not a question , but poland is one of my favorite european countries i 've been to . 
  great food , reasonable people , all-around nice place . 
  everyone knows pierogi , but anything more than that is probably only well known in places with lots of polish immigrants , like chicago . 
  thanks for the answers and the good explanation about why the book wo n't get translated !, 
  i 'm from an area with pretty much no polish heritage , but i 'd say most people who know anything about poland have positive views on poles and poland . 
  there 's no anti-polish sentiment , but some people may just not know very much about it . 
  outside of a few big british shows , i do n't think there 's much foreign media in mainstream american media . 
  they pop up from time to time , but it 's the exception rather than the rule . 
  books are probably where americans have the most exposure to foreign media , but in translation of course . 
  we have to read lots of british and french literature in school . 
  even for modern literature , foreign authors are much more common than foreign movies or tv shows , but i think that has something to do with the kind of people who read books for fun , as well . 
  off the top of my head , i 'd expect a lot of reading americans to be familiar with murakami , larsson , sapkowski , gabriel garc\u00eda m\u00e1rquez , octavio paz , paulo coelho , g\u00fcnter grass , and i could keep going . 
  ( edit : since this is an exchange with polska , i should mention that stanis\u0142aw lem is widely read in the us as well ) . 
  but just to give you an idea of how powerful the american media bubble is , i speak three languages fluently and live outside the us and * still * overwhelmingly watch american media and listen to american music . 
  the consistent quality just is n't there in most places , and the path of least resistance is to watch what 's hyped or what 's good , and for me most of that ends up being american . 
  i 'm from rural alabama , and it 's extremely common . 
  there are easily more houses with guns than without . 
  it 's not so much that soccer is a girls ' sport , but that it 's the only girls ' / women 's sport with any popularity whatsoever . 
  if you 're a good athlete and a male , chances are you 're going to play football or basketball . 
  that 's where the money , fame , scholarships , etc. 
  are . 
  if you 're a good athlete and a woman , you play soccer . 
  so i guess it 's true that it kind of has a reputation as being a women 's sport , but it 's not weird for men to play soccer or anything . 
  politics aside , do you want to live or work in germany ? 
  yes , it 's worth it . 
  people in germany speak german . 
  outside of germany or other german-speaking countries , it 's sometimes useful but very rarely necessary . 
  the immigrants here speak german . 
  even the new ones are picking up on it pretty fast . 
  i hear groups of africans and middle easterners and slavs and all kinds of foreigners speaking german to each other every time i go into the city . 
  even if the population of germans keeps dropping , i doubt people will stop speaking german here any time soon . 
  reading and listening takes up most of my study time . 
  my routine is usually that i google grammar i ca n't figure out by just looking at the tl . 
  at the very beginning i like to memorize conjugations and declensions if the language has any .
