this article talks about one of the main reasons for the discrepancy between the progressive tax rates and the actual percentage of total income garnered from the rich , which buffet talked about . 
  from alabama , spent a good bit of growing up in texas and then uni in mississippi . 
  your approach is entirely correct and what i found to work best as well . 
  it does get really frustrating when people reject the conversation as soon as they realize they do n't make sense , especially because the people who seem to fight socialism strongest are the ones it would benefit the most . 
  i live in europe now , but sometimes i miss the feeling when that one person you talked to opened up to the concept and seemed to realize it was n't anti-american or evil . 
  most southerners probably have no idea who che is , but be careful making your beliefs to public in some situations . 
  i 've gotten kicked out of houses for it by friendly members of the population , and i 'm sure there are worse . 
  luckily , however , socialist symbolism is n't that well know , so you should be fine with a tattoo or che t-shirt . 
  i do n't disagree with the spirit of his argument , but the `` simple population and soldiers '' of germany were certainly not treated humanely by the soviet people on a whole . 
  his blatant disregard for atrocities committed not just by governments but by the people on both sides of that conflict sours me towards his point . 
  using sheep ( or other animals ) to cut grass is quite common here and germany , and seemingly more so in the netherlands . 
  the fact that anywhere in the nation is cutting the education budget is ridiculous , especially when there are areas like my home county in north alabama whose illiteracy rate is more than 10 % . 
  let 's at least spend enough money to teach people to read . 
  however , animals are an excellent grounds-keeping method we should use more . 
  pick up group , not game . 
  someone did n't play dnd as a child, 
  i would say their policies throughout their colonial history have supported this view , and in my limited personal experience with brits i know in the states i would say this is a fair generalization , for what little a generalization is worth . 
  the thing is , this story broke in 2009 . 
  here 's the original article for any chinese speakers : http://news.xinhuanet.com/mrdx/2009-03/23/content_11055434.htm, 
  i do n't know why xinhua just released the story on its english site now , and i do n't know why popsci is incapable of checking their sources better , but i figured you might like to know . 
  this is two years old . 
  the western media is just incapable of reading : http://news.xinhuanet.com/mrdx/2009-03/23/content_11055434.htm, 
  i posted this on a related post in r/socialism earlier , but i 'll do it again just to make everyone puts this in context . 
  this is two years old . 
  xinhua 's english section is a just a little behind . 
  here is the original article from 2009 : http://news.xinhuanet.com/mrdx/2009-03/23/content_11055434.htm, 
  definitely . 
  at first i thought that was justin bieber with dyed hair . 
  let 's remind him then . 
  they are primarily state capitalists who support large businesses and maintaining the economic status quo in the united states . 
  this is very true . 
  the peace corps just started because the commies were making us look bad because we were attacking black people in the streets . 
  who is `` everyone ? '', 
  confirmative is the 1 % . 
  you are why the us will never change . 
  all i see in these comments are a bunch of people with money talking about how dacracot 's advice is bad at keeping money . 
  the problem is greed . 
  for the love of god , think about something other than your money for one second and realize the kind of institutional and structural changes our nation needs to be stronger . 
  or , more likely , he wanted to because he 's not a selfish u.s.-american . 
  most socialist or formerly socialist states do have a very high literacy rate . 
  public schools are one of the hallmarks of socialism ; they do it much better than we do . 
  you have money invested . 
  suffer ? 
  out of touch much ? 
  my wife ca n't find a job , and mine is just enough to get by every month ( usually , sometimes i get shafted with how many hours i get ) , but i 'm still nowhere close to suffering compared to most of the people where i grew up in etowah county , alabama . 
  a little sacrifice for the common good is nothing compared to what millions of americans go through every day and are trying to change, 
  i 've always understood socialism and communism to be two different steps in the same process . 
  as far as how various parties and factions refer to themselves , i 'm not entirely sure . 
  communist parties tend to ( in my limited knowledge ) always be either revolutionary or somehow connected to the former ussr . 
  there are plenty of revolutionary and non-revolutionary factions that call themselves socialist . 
  ( there are also , especially in europe , socialist parties that have little to do with socialism as an economic or political system , but i do n't find them particularly relevant to this discussion . ), 
  i identify as a socialist and a communist . 
  this is common among many leftists i know in person , but i 'm a bit confused by desi 's question because the nomenclature seems to be mostly a stylistic choice . 
  please note , i 'm very open to correction or clarification on this , because i 've never been too sure about it myself . 
  the problem is that it 's not a subordinating conjunction . 
  aber is a coordinating conjunction , and the rest is an independent clause . 
  what are your sources on this distinction ? 
  the person demonstrates ignorance rivaled only by your own . 
  i went to an `` elite '' university , and i 'm tired of the negative view so many people have of public universities . 
  they provide a fantastic service to those who were n't as fortunate as myself and got a full ride to a nice school ( no government scholarships , in part because i had a privileged upbringing from a parent that worked in a relatively good , secure , unionized factory his whole life ) . 
  i 'm not a familiar with the university of nebraska , but ( z.b ) auburn ( in alabama ) is a very affordable university and does n't handicap you in any way . 
  getting a job from a nice expensive school does n't guarantee a job . 
  getting a job from a state school does n't guarantee you wo n't . 
  i agree with most of your points , but we should be supporting public education , not calling the ones who do n't have the opportunity to go to a selective , elitist school dumb . 
  there is plenty to criticize about her arguments . 
  try to at least understand how the less fortunate/less academically capable choose to educate themselves , whether they are assholes or not . 
  `` they will never rise very high in whatever they end up doing '' is that what people should do to have a good quality of life ? 
  because not everyone can rise . 
  we have to focus on providing a good quality of life for everyone , whether they rise , keep the same unskilled labor job for their whole life , or ca n't get enough education/training to even get a job . 
  not everyone can go to the best schools . 
  not everyone can be a boss . 
  criticize the person for being an arrogant , hypocritical prick , not for playing a broken game incorrectly . 
  as someone who has used the whole rosetta stone course ( 1-3 ) for a few languages and who works as a foreign language educator , i have to back up viborg 's opinion here . 
  if you 're going to do it yourself , i find pimsleur the best method for getting into understanding and using the language on a very basic/beginner level , and i learn to read with rosetta stone . 
  rosetta stone just does n't give enough creative speaking practice to be as effective . 
  it 's great for furthering one 's understanding of grammar , which it ( usually ) presents very well and without explanation , building vocabulary , and it excels at teaching new writing systems . 
  it 's also a fantastic tool for people who are illiterate to learn to write in their native language . 
  rosetta stone has a very limited number of recordings for every piece of language it presents , and has a bit of cultural bias towards teaching the types of things we say in english instead of what people really say ( a great of example of this is some translation of `` nice to meet you . '', 
  that can be a very odd thing to say . ), 
  everyone already says this , but as soon as you have the basics down , you will be learning more from exposing yourself to the language in context than with either of the two programs . 
  i know forking out the money is n't always fun , but if you want to be most efficient ( especially with a difficult to read language like chinese ) , pimsleur and rosetta stone together are probably the best option . 
  nieldlr covered ( very succinctly ) most all of the major points i could have thought to post . 
  excellent answer . 
  i do have a question about some of your terminology though . 
  why do you refer to chinese as logographic instead of morphographic ? 
  the case system in german relays very little information to the listener and is quite bothersome on account of different forms being written/pronounced the same . 
  in a lot of northern dialects ( especially any kind of missingsch ) they tend to use the cases `` incorrectly '' very frequently ( esp . 
  mir -  mich and vice versa ) . 
  i enjoy highly inflected languages like ancient greek , slavic languages , & c. , but i ca n't stand german 's defunct case system . 
  you think german sounds bad , try dutch !, 
  i could just downvote you , but i figured i 'd take the time to say that putting communism on the same level as organized racism on account of the failures of fascism is more than a bit over the top . 
  invalid and failed are also very simplistic descriptions of a system that the us has been actively trying to crush since wwi . 
  i read quite a lot about it , actually . 
  i 'll try to briefly correct some of your historical oversights . 
  cambodia : us sponsored coup against democratically elected and politically neutral sihanouk in 1970 . 
  the us also bombed cambodia and encouraged vietnamese troops to invade cambodia during the vietnam war . 
  after the fall of the us installed government , the us supported the khmer rouge , who were unfriendly to the ussr . 
  ussr : the first thing the us and allies did when lenin took over and withdrew from wwi was launch an offensive to support the anti-communist forces , which prolonged the civil war until the allies ' exit . 
  corruption and inefficacy are usually a problem when a government falls , but the proxy wars and arms race with the us was n't exactly helping the country 's infrastructure . 
  the economic system remained / mostly / collectivist through the reign of stalin , but the administrative and political system was n't even remotely communist or socialist .
