  i was using pc in a very cynical , shit-white-people-say kind of way . 
   a single person ca n't be `` diverse '', 
  i agree in principle , but i phrased it the way i did because this is a thing that native english speakers say , as people on the shitamericanssay subreddit like to point out . 
  if you neither you nor anyone in your family have been to college , you 're usually a bama fan . 
  jokes aside , i think it 's mostly about personal connections . 
  i do n't really know why my family are auburn fans . 
  i had an uncle who went to auburn , which i guess means we had more of a personal connection to auburn than alabama , where zero family members went . 
  i personally know more people who graduated from auburn than alabama , even though i know way more bama fans . 
  i normally just write it off as a way we get to organize ourselves into mostly arbitrary tribal groups to take turns ripping on each other . 
  how your social group identifies in terms of class and race undoubtedly plays a role , but the relationships are complicated . 
  to crassly express the stereotypes i picked up , bama is the school for educated city folks with money and black people , supported by all the rednecks who 've never set foot in a university . 
  true ? 
  not really , but i bet educated rural/small-town white people are a bit more likely to be auburn fans than any other demographic . 
  geography plays a bigger role . 
  auburn fans are pretty sparse around tuscaloosa . 
  that 's a tough question , but at the end of the day i 'm an auburn fan because i have no recollection of not being an auburn fan or not having an undue amount of orange and blue in my wardrobe . 
  i 'd imagine that 's how it is for a lot of people who are fans and have no other strong connections to the schools . 
  it 's not like most people pick one when they get baptized or something . 
  it might say something about my family in terms of class , geography , etc. , but it also might not . 
  what i did was look up words from a reference grammar of oklahoma cherokee , where the tones are marked , and listened to the recording on the linked site . 
  i do n't have a clear favorite . 
  i think cuba is doing an underrated job reforming their economy and political system without the shock therapy so many other places suffered from . 
  i used to like chavez a lot , but i do n't have the same sympathy for maduro . 
  honorable mention to viktor orban for standing up to foreign interests , both corporate ( monsanto ) and political ( eu ) . 
  i could do without the racist shit , but i understand why people are willing to vote for him . 
  my least favorite right now is xi jinping . 
  not because he 's the worst , but because of how important he is and how the west never seems to talk about what he 's really doing . 
  he is the head of china 's biggest personality cult since mao . 
  his book openly exclaims the importance of having han blood , but all the western moralizers do n't give a shit about racism when the people suffering are politically powerless and isolated off on the other side of the world . 
  china is using the rest of the world 's dogmatic support of free trade to turn africa into tributary states . 
  it 's luring in foreign investment at home , taking the ip and replacing the foreign companies with indigenous equivalents and not enough people talk about it or care . 
  glossika is designed to be used with the book , but you could use the recordings themselves as an audio-only course . 
  the gsr files especially resemble a proper course . 
  glossika takes you into the b range , which is significantly further than any other audio course i 've seen . 
  all that research is only tangentially related to being able to use chinese characters . 
  there 's absolutely no need for it if your goal is to be able to read and write chinese . 
  there are other reasons to study etymology , but improving your chinese proficiency is n't one of them . 
  i think the way chinese people learn chinese characters is a good way if not the best way if you want to learn how to handwrite . 
  even if you use other less traditional memorization techniques , having native-like handwriting boils down to writing a lot by hand . 
  you can also brute force learning to recognize and pronounce characters without learning to write them by hand , if you want to . 
  how you should learn chinese characters depends on what you want to do with them . 
  want to learn to write by hand ? 
  do it the traditional way . 
  do n't see yourself using pen and paper much ? 
  save the handwriting for later . 
  pretty much anything will be more efficient than doing etymology research . 
   or the right body type, 
  i see a lot more body type diversity in football and baseball than i do in soccer . 
  soccer players have to be fast , and slim builds seem to be heavily favored . 
  there are certain positions where being hulkingly large is a huge help in football , but that 's by no means the whole team . 
  i watch a good bit of soccer because that 's basically the only sport anyone i know in person watches . 
  you ca n't tell me the difference between a defender and a striker in build is even close to differences between , say , a offensive lineman and a cornerback . 
  i 'm okay with ending daca because it 's not supposed to be a permanent solution . 
  congress can use this as an opportunity to decide on how they 're going to handle this . 
  i personally hope they give a path to legal status and eventually citizenship to people who have grown up here , but i know this is a messy situation and do n't expect it to be perfect . 
  giving currently undocumented people a six-month window to start applying for a visa or get deported makes sense to my simple mind . 
  people who grew up here and can show school records etc. 
  get quick approval , everyone else goes through a normal application process for a new or revised guest worker visa . 
  the most important thing is that there are clear rules and enforcement mechanisms that minimize the number of undocumented immigrants in the future and a plan for documenting all currently undocumented immigrants . 
  then just let the bureaucracy do its work . 
  it might also be a good idea to think about a national id system . 
  germany has extremely few problems with undocumented immigrants in part because you really ca n't get anything done without being registered and having some kind of status . 
  the us could benefit from a lot of bureaucratic changes in general , but a unified id system would be especially helpful . 
  very serious . 
  i live here , volunteer with refugees and have a few friends who are social workers . 
  even at the height of the crisis , germany 's problem was never that large numbers of people were n't documented . 
  if anything , i think there 's more of a stigma about mail order brides than green card marriages . 
  but no , i would n't think that . 
  you run across it sometimes , though . 
  my wife is from germany and i 've heard it before , i ca n't imagine it being any better about ukraine . 
  brian reed, 
  brian reed, 
   and it should not be a normal thing in the us either . 
  oh no , here comes the fun police . 
  it 's important to ask first in germany . 
  should do the trick . 
  if they say no , just acknowledge it and move on . 
  plenty of people are happy to let their dogs get petted and it 's one of those rare situations in germany where it 's not too weird to make small talk with strangers , especially if you have a dog , too . 
  the german labor front, 
  membership book, 
  last name , first name ( i ca n't make these out , i hope you know them ) . 
  * carpenter *, 
  profession, 
  born on * may 25th , 1915 *, 
  in * sechshelden *, 
  joined / ~ ~ transferred ~ ~ * december 27th , 1933 *, 
  administrative office : * 20 dillenburg *, 
  the payment of dues begins in this book in the 40th due-paying week of the year 1935 . 
  [ signature ], 
   why risk it for essentially nothing ? 
  not to mention its kind of imposing on strangers, 
  because i like petting dogs . 
  they like getting petted . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  strangers are welcome to ask/tell me not to pet their dog ( us ) or tell me no when i ask ( germany ) . 
  does n't seem that imposing to me . 
  i think germans are super serious about it . 
  if i do n't have a bag out in 5 seconds flat some old person is bound to say something about it . 
  just to show that this is not a universal thing , i 'm from the us and think it 's the owner 's responsibility to let people know if they have a dog that ca n't be petted for some reason . 
  it 's extremely normal to pet people 's dogs without asking and i have never had any problems with it .
