  if one person is speaking in their native language , that puts them at an advantage in the conversation , and generally makes the dynamics feel a little weird . 
  it 's usually unavoidable , but i take advantage of it when it 's not . 
  if you 're talking about language exchange partners , i would n't worry about it . 
  you 're hopefully not their main source of input , so i doubt any absorbed mistakes will last too long . 
  i do n't have any sources , but it 's not something i would spend too much time thinking about it either way . 
  just speak whatever you and your partner want to practice . 
  sometimes i 'll talk to other teachers and switch class times without telling my teaching assistant , just to get a little peace without him yelling in chinese and doing the students ' work for them all the time . 
   but german speakers for instance wont ' t find those hard due to french loanwords . 
  yes , because germans are famous for their great pronunciation of foreign words . 
  like schongse , fris\u00f6a , kompott , and waschsalong . 
  loanwords are assimilated to german phonology just like any other language . 
  i do n't think it helps much more than french loanwords in english . 
  a lot of my friends have been talking about \u82b1\u5343\u9aa8 recently . 
  it 's alright if you 're into that kind of thing . 
  it 's got the same lead actress as \u6749\u6749\u6765\u4e86 . 
  the movie version of \u4f55\u4ee5\u7b19\u7bab\u9ed8 came out recently , to mediocre reviews , but everybody saw it because everybody watched the tv show . 
  it 's fairly recent . 
  the tv show is definitely worth a watch , the movie not so much . 
  no \u937e\u6f22\u826f in the movie , so nothing to see , really . 
  most people i know saw \u5de6\u8033 , too . 
  one of the better predictable chinese high school romance continued stories . 
  \u54b1\u4eec\u7ed3\u5a5a\u5427 was a knock-off of love , actually that was pretty popular a while back ( couple of months ? 
  i 'm not really sure ) . 
  that 's all that comes to mind for current-ish and newish things that everyone is talking about . 
   ancient polyglots were both mostly rich and highly educated ; taking classes in reading , writing , and oratory . 
  multilingualism seemed to be pretty common in many parts of the ancient world , especially with the trade language and the local language . 
  yes , the rich were more likely to speak multiple languages , but anytime people mix ( e.g. 
  roman expansion , greek colonies ) , multilingualism will occur in the general population as well , including the illiterate and those who do n't attend classes . 
  or we can look at an example from the age of exploration , where the europeans would use shipwrecked sailors who had been living with the local people for a few years as interpreters . 
  those sailors had learned unwritten languages as adults by immersion . 
  that being said , watching anime is not immersion , and learning japanese without learning to read and write seems like terrible idea in most circumstances . 
  how can someone think that the greeks and romans had no writing system ? 
  did they ever wonder why it 's called the latin alphabet ? 
  or wonder why roman numerals look suspiciously like letters ? 
  which situations ? 
  the sailors were stranded as adults . 
  you can see it today , too , when migrant laborers pick up the language of their host country without classes . 
  the brain 's ability to distinguish phonemes falls off pretty early , but there 's no good evidence that our brains just stop being able to learn through immersion after a certain point . 
  we have l1 interference , and we do n't always get the sounds right , but adults can and do learn languages without classes or reading and writing . 
  spain was the hardest for me , as well . 
  china and latin america are both much more open and friendly to foreigners , which makes it easier to form relationships there . 
  right now , i think they 're about equally useful . 
  french will be more useful in the romance-speaking countries and the uk , where french-as-a-foreign-language education is still dominant . 
  german will be more useful most everywhere else . 
  even though they 're both useful now , it definitely looks like german is on the way up as europe 's second most important language . 
  germany is an increasingly attractive destination for people to go work , and germany is the big boss and funder of the eu . 
  not to mention the ubiquitous german tourists . 
  everyone wants a piece of germany 's economy and influence right now . 
  french is propped up by tradition and prestige , but i 'm not sure how far that goes or how long it will last . 
  the practical benefits seem to lie increasingly outside of europe . 
  in eastern europe , it 's not uncommon to meet people who speak german better than english , and it can open up opportunities for you outside of the english language bubble . 
  as an example , german-speaking renters in budapest have much more agreeable prices than their english-speaking counterparts who are used to being able to prey on unsuspecting brits . 
  of course , this is biased because i do n't speak french , but there 's one look at it anyway . 
  okay , since no one has done it yet , pm me your wechat handles and i 'll make a group . 
  i need one person , then i 'll post the qr code here . 
  yes , being visually different is a cheap icebreaker and conversation topic , but the way people in mexico treat , say , mexicans moving from a different city is also different from spain . 
  i also think spain 's role as a tourist destination does n't help . 
  most outsiders the locals meet are just passing through , and not worth the trouble to make friends with . 
  spain also has a relatively strong insider/outsider distinction . 
  to friends , spaniards can be very warm and hospitable . 
  if they do n't know you , it 's hard to get a foot in the door . 
  other spaniards have told me this clan-ishness is especially strong in andalucia , where i was . 
  of course this is all conjecture , but it 's the best i could come up with . 
  is it http://www.hkgolden.com/ ? 
  i have been using it for a few months now and think it 's one of the best courses out there . 
  the first 1500 or so sentences were review , but it 's great for intensive listening , practicing your accent ( dat taiwanese girl 's accent , doe ) , and building automaticity . 
  the sentences are also structured so that they do n't bring in too much new vocabulary or new structures too quickly , so using it to learn new material has been working out very well . 
  i personally chop it up and put it into anki , but listen to the gsm files when i 'm on the bus/walking around/etc . 
  the writing system is n't difficult , but it does take a lot of time . 
  it 's a bit mind-numbing . 
  you just have to memorize them . 
  the good news is , after you have the first 500 or so under your belt , it gets much easier , because you 're familiar with the characters ' components and how they 're constructed , and can use that as clues to help remember the pronunciation and meaning . 
  also , do n't learn handwriting . 
  reading and typing is good enough 90 % of the time . 
  you can learn to handwrite later , if you move to china and need it . 
  i would have given up if i had tried from the beginning , but now that i can read a couple thousand characters and use the language a bit , it 's not nearly as frustrating to learn handwriting . 
  in general , i 'd say the fsi 's numbers are right . 
  it is taking me about three or four times longer to learn chinese than spanish or german did . 
  the grammar does n't require much memorization , but it 's hard to get used to . 
  everything more complex than the simplest sentences is backassards from an english perspective . 
  there are no shortcuts for vocab . 
  listening is a pain first because you have to get used to the tones , then you have to learn to deal with the wide variety of accents , some of which use * different * tones and consonants . 
  but like the writing system , it 's not so much difficult as it is time-consuming . 
  you just have to get used to it , and spend time with it . 
  i 'm not really that conflicted about the flag anymore . 
  the author frames the question in terms of removing the flag because it offends people , but that almost misses the point for me . 
  to many people , even in the south , the flag does n't symbolize southern pride anymore . 
  if i have the flag on my truck , or in my front yard , most will see `` he 's not a big fan of black folks '' , not `` he loves the south . '', 
  and that 's a real bummer , because i do love the south . 
  but i do n't want to associate myself with the many people who use the flag to mean something different nowadays . 
  i remember the first time i went to a protest against neo-nazis in germany , i was surprised to see them sporting the confederate flag and wearing american football jerseys . 
  that 's the way outsiders see it . 
  i wish there were a nice , convenient symbol without too much baggage i could use to show my southern pride without insinuating it 's also white pride , but that does n't exist . 
  or at least , it 's not the confederate flag anymore , if it ever was . 
  i understand where the author is coming from , but the trend seems to be going towards associating our flag more and more with flagrant racism , and less and less with simple regional pride . 
  korean , because of movies , tv shows , and video games . 
  then again , i could give the exact same reasons for japanese , so i guess i just prefer korean movies and starcraft to anime and nintendo . 
  both languages are pretty high on my list of languages i wish i knew , though . 
  it definitely helps for japanese . 
  i can recognize a lot of the vocab through kanji .
