   i actually do n't think the `` extensive reading '' works as well for japanese/chinese as it does for , say , spanish , because if there is a new hanzi , then the fact that you do n't even know how to pronounce it ... 
  audiobooks solve the problem for me . 
  i 'm okay with the traditional teaching approach . 
  sure , it sucks for learning to speak latin , but that 's not most people 's goal . 
  most people learn latin to read . 
  there 's not much point in composing or speaking except as a hobby . 
  which is great if you 're into that , but not everyone is . 
  i 'm not convinced that the difference in teaching methods explains why you 're more comfortable in german . 
  there are a lot of other factors in play here . 
  it 's much easier to immerse yourself in german and relate to the culture in a way you , as a 21st century person , are comfortable with . 
  even if latin were taught as a living language , those opportunities would be few . 
  i for one feel like i learned latin way faster the traditional way because i did n't waste time on skills i did n't want or need . 
  reading is a skill that can be studied : words , grammar , and from there it 's just a matter of experience , learning the way romans said things , etc. 
  there is no shortage of material to read . 
  speaking and listening have to practiced for hundreds or thousands of hours in their own right , and there simply are n't many opportunities to do that outside of classrooms for most people . 
  this is coming from someone who focused on greek at university . 
  i get the impression i do n't like latin per se as much as other people on this subreddit , but being able to read is still a useful skill that i 'm glad i learned . 
  i would n't have had the time or interest to learn it as a modern , living language . 
  if i were german , i 'd probably think that 's the whole point of emigrating , too  but most of the large immigrant groups i can think of tend to like living in the same areas , having restaurants that serve food from home , and things like that . 
  chinese , greeks , italians , turks , brits , americans , mexicans . 
  but i ca n't think of many places where i can go and find german enclaves like that . 
  i think you 're right , but i do n't personally know that much about it . 
  i found this [ cool documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqe9rlwrkbo ) while i was trying to look it up , though . 
  i try to stay up-to-date with what 's going on in sla research , but i do n't remember any studies which show that producing the language helps people learn to read faster than if they had only learned to read . 
  pretty much all sla research ( at least that i read , because i work with modern languages , so i 'm sure i have plenty of blind spots when it comes to classics ) focuses on learning a modern language , which almost always assumes that the learner wants to be able to use and communicate in the language at some point . 
  i 'd be happy to read some studies focused on students who are only interested in learning to read , and testing whether or not learning other skills speeds them up or slows them down . 
  it 's undoubtedly a more fun way for some people , but i 'd still take ten hours of reading to improve my reading over ten hours of speaking and listening . 
  like i said though , i 'm happy to read studies that present the other side . 
  that article looks interesting . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i 'm sure i have access to it somewhere , so i 'll try to find it and read it this weekend . 
   sla as a field just is n't interested in grammar-translation . 
  this is what i was trying to get at , to an extent . 
  i would never ( at least that i can think of ) advocate using grammar translation in a modern language class . 
  it seems almost silly to suggest it , and it 's the modern language class environment that sla tends to focus on . 
  i ca n't say more until i read through the article you linked and some of the related articles there . 
  you make some very good points about speed-translation and comprehensible input . 
  books like athanaze and lingua latina per se illustrata are preferable to the hansen and quinn/wheelock 's beat-you-over-the-head-with-grammar approach for minimizing l1 intrusion from the beginning while still focusing on reading . 
  translation 's not necessarily a useless or bad goal , either , though . 
   they have to look up large amounts of vocabulary , hunt for the verb , carefully construct a translation that sometimes is n't even good english , etc. 
  has the lack of communicative work in their program helped them get to nepos faster ? 
  yes . 
  but now they think that `` reading '' latin is a laborious process of vocabulary look-up , grammar review , and concocting a translation that will have to be corrected in multiple places by the instructor . 
  again i 'm not convinced this is necessarily a problem , but i may completely change my mind after reading a few articles on the subject , now that you 've helped me find some . . after a while you get experienced enough that you do n't need to be corrected by the instructor any more . 
  that 's likely how they got to that point , too . 
  one thing that has n't come up is how few latin teachers are capable of using latin like a living language in their class , but that 's a problem of implementation . 
  thanks for pointing me towards some interesting reading and giving me something to think about . 
  i really liked practical audio visual chinese . 
  at hsk5 , reading novels is still a pain in the ass , as is listening to anything that does n't come up that often . 
  you 're expected to know less than 3000 words and less than 2000 characters . 
  that 's not enough to do most anything with besides talk to people and understand mindless tv shows . 
  it 's somewhere between b1 and b2 cefr , and that 's not even taking into account the fact that the hsk is n't a particularly well-designed test . 
  general professional proficiency is ilr level 3 , which is about c1 . 
  that 's hsk 6 , minimum . 
  anything below hsk 6 probably is n't good enough for any kind of professional use . 
   speaking and hearing are integral to learning a language . 
  all we have to do is look around us to see how false this is . 
  people who are born deaf learn to read and write english fine , though sometimes with an `` accent '' . 
  i 've seen ta ( in latin letters ) on forums before , but it 's not super common . 
  \u4ed6 \uff0c \u5979 \uff0c and \u5b83 all mean more or less the same thing ( a third person pronoun ) and natives mix them up often enough in casual writing , so most problems would be pretty minor . 
  to give an example i 'd expect to cause more trouble , i think things like zu\u00f2 , which can be \u505a \uff0c \u4f5c \uff0c \u5750 \uff0c and \u5ea7 are much more likely to cause confusion . 
  i personally would start learning characters from almost the beginning . 
  it just seems like you 'd regret it later and i do n't see the benefit of waiting . 
   you need to learn pinyin for everyday typing . 
  millions of people use zhuyin in taiwan and cangjie in hong kong . 
  pinyin is generally the easiest for foreign learners , as well as being the most common ime in the mainland , but it 's not necessary . 
  i used pavc , which started students out learning zhuyin instead of pinyin , and i still prefer typing in it . 
   the traditional is n't used too often now . 
  even if you 're only talking about the mainland , traditional characters are commonly used in signs and to look fancy or old-fashioned . 
   the pinyin alphabet is very phonetic . 
  pinyin is useful for a lot of things , but i would n't call it phonetic , whatever you mean by that . 
  the `` i '' in z\u00ec , q\u00ec , and du\u00ec all sound different , as do the u sounds in q\u00f9 and l\u00f9 . 
  it 's consistent once you know the rules , but they 're not very intuitive for native english speakers , to put it nicely . 
  \u4ed6 is ambiguous in the same way that the generic he is ambiguous in english . 
  it 's not wrong or uncommon to use it for someone of ambiguous gender ( or was n't , it 's changing in english ) , but most people are going to assume the person is male , even if the pronoun does n't technically have to mean that the person it refers to is male . 
  [ a dailymotion link for the germans suffering under the oppression of gema . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x42qczu_rick-astley-keep-singing_music ), 
  yes , it is . 
  maybe you heard that about \u59b3 for a female you as opposed to \u4f60 for males . 
  \u59b3 rarely gets used in simplified , but it 's pretty common in taiwan . 
  i do n't think so . 
  you asked about \u5979 . 
  \u5979 is commonly used in mainland china . 
  \u59b3 is not . 
  the way you described what you 'd heard , i assumed you had gotten \u5979 and \u59b3 mixed up . 
  i think it 's meant to be \u4ed6 and \u5979 all rolled into one , so more like the english singular they or s/he . 
  i see no reason why it could n't be \u5b83 too , though . 
  maybe i 'm just not direct enough , but i was trying to say that it 's \u4ed6 / \u5979 . 
  analogous to english s/he in writing or they in speech . 
  it 's a third person pronoun with no specified gender . 
  in this case the gender ambiguity is about not being sure about someone 's gender before meeting them , which is n't really culture specific . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by \u5b83 is for animals , though . 
  \u5b83 is mostly used for objects , though it can be used for animals . 
  \u7260 is the pronoun specifically for animals , but it 's more common in more formal writing . 
  what makes you not call yourself a feminist ? 
   as a member of a feminist society, 
  where is this ? 
  i 'm probably closer to being a radical feminist than any other major variety of feminism , and other radical feminists have been plenty happy that i help and organize things where i can . 
  i also keep my mouth shut about issues that do n't affect me directly and generally do n't walk into the room telling them what i think and why i 'm right , which is what 's happened more or less every time i 've seen a man get `` rejected '' , so to speak . 
  sometimes they want to talk about things only among other women , and that 's fine too .
