  after a thousand hours of attentive practice you 'll have most of the important stuff down without ever being able to explain it or having more than a passing knowledge of what a case is . 
  always ask yourself :, 
  * what do i say ? 
  * how do i say it ? 
  * when do i say it ? 
  * who do i say it to ? 
  * where do i say it ? 
  all the grammar terms you think you 're bad at are just words we use to describe why . 
  native speakers pick it up without knowing it , and you can too . 
  it 'd just be easier if you could use you adult brain to learn some of the patterns beforehand instead of massive amounts of exposure and trial and error , but by the time you 're fluent ( ~ c1 ) i doubt it 'll 've taken much longer than if you 'd studied grammar explicitly . 
  do you want to be good at ignoring the alarms ? 
   100 million deaths, 
  [ how many people has communism killed ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=konip69r6vg ), 
  i can vouch for practical audio video chinese and assimil . 
  luckily there 's no shortage of materials for chinese , but i 'd go with those two first . 
  also , get pleco for your phone . 
  it 's a fantastic dictionary . 
  * greek : an intensive course * by hansen and quinn is a good course if you 're not afraid of grammar . 
  * athenaze * is also good and a bit more accessible . 
  when it comes time to read things or look up words , http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/ is extremely useful . 
   is it possible to self learn ancient greek ? 
  it 's not the easiest language in the world for an english speaker , but it 's not the most difficult either . 
  plus , most people only want to learn to read , so you do n't have to worry about practicing speaking and listening as much as you would with other languages . 
  it 's definitely doable . 
  that was kind of my point . 
  it 's easier if you can study the grammar , but countless iterations works well , if a lot slower at the beginning . 
  sounding natural requires countless iterations anyway , even if you do study grammar . 
  after studying for about a month or two ( and drinking for a whole evening ) i decided to have a conversation in polish with my neighbor . 
  it went surprisingly well . 
  it came out really slow , but i was able to put things together . 
  i figured i kind of had to because i was starting to catch snippets of his conversations , and i wanted him to know i could understand some . 
  the takeaway ? 
  massive amounts of cloze deletion cards are great for languages with heavily inflected grammar like that . 
  i used the first thousand sentences of glossika . 
  i 'm still lacking vocab , but it 's a good start . 
  now i just have to decide if spending 90 minutes of my time studying every day is worth it for a language that will only be useful for understanding conversations near the train station . 
  generally i see and understand , but the more complex the topic gets , the more likely i am to start translating a bit , both speaking and listening . 
  it 's a kettle . 
  it 's called a kettle , or maybe teapot . 
  i do n't drink tea , i do n't really know the difference . 
  \u7bc4\u5bb6\u58fa\u85dd is written on the box . 
  here 's their website : http://www.fjhz.com.cn/, 
  i did n't find the exact model , but it looks like it could cost around 4000\u5143 new . 
  [ for comparison ] ( https://world.taobao.com/search/search.htm?_ksts=1479798152716_55&amp;spm=a21bp.7806943.20151106.1&amp;_input_charset=utf-8&amp;navigator=all&amp;json=on&amp;q=%e8%8c%83%e5%ae%b6%e5%a3%b6%e8%89%ba&amp;callback=__jsonp_cb&amp;abtest=_ab-lr517-lr854-lr895-pr517-pr854-pr895 ) , though i 'd guess it 's significantly cheaper because it got left in an office . 
  [ here 's the product page ] ( http://www.fjhz.com.cn/product.asp?classid=1 ) , but you have to ask for prices . 
  as a goal or a method ? 
  supporter of left wing values ? 
  i disagree with you about federalism mainly because i think europe is more a negative force in the world than positive , and a divided europe leaves more room for alternate , not imperialist neoliberal systems . 
  a federalist eu would be capable of a neoliberal pax europa just like the pax americana before it . 
  but i 'm glad you 're consistent enough to know that the status quo does n't work . 
  imperialism , austerity , and global capitalism more broadly , to start off with . 
  europe is complicit with the us in creating a global economic system which encourages economic imperialism and works against the working class . 
  that is n't what russia 's doing . 
  their designs seem to be much smaller , and for all the undesirable things putin is , enforcing capitalism on the world never seemed to be his goal . 
  but that 's not even the point . 
  we should be fighting against any regressive or liberal hegemonic power , whether it 's russia , the uk , the eu , china , the us , or whoever else . 
  in my mind , the only major downside to dismantling the eu now is that europe is still powerful and important enough that internal conflict could draw the whole world into war , which is n't good for anybody . 
  if i understood your question correctly , then sezna more or less answered it , but it the details may also depend on what ime you 're using . 
  are you using the default windows zhuyin ime ? 
  you 're treating the greek government and the german ( eu ) government as two opposing agents , when in reality the interests of both have consistently been against the working class since wwii . 
  who benefited from greece 's policies ? 
  who benefited from the ensuing shitshow ? 
  rich germans and rich greeks . 
  the losers are the greek people . 
  the structures of the eu just help the capitalists support each other across borders . 
  it 's hard to speculate , but a syriza regime would have been very different without german involvement . 
  i do n't think most racist socialists are actively trying to be racist , but education does n't come all at once . 
  it 's possible to see the problems of capitalism and support socialist solutions and still have mainstream ideas about race ( or gender or any other number of issues ) . 
  that 's why it 's important to be constantly educating ourselves and our comrades . 
  it 's not a good idea to discount people or say they 're not socialist just because they do n't yet see how intertwined all these kinds of oppression are . 
  10 pages ? 
  you can pick anything . 
  hell , you can write a whole book on one word . 
  it 's classics , the single most overanalyzed subject out there . 
  off the top of my head : role of women in greece , military technology in greece , role of military technology in philip ii ( for example ) 's rise , perceptions of adult homosexuality in greece , role of pederasty in greek society , social structure in epic poetry , role of art in greek society , the influence of egypt on greek religion ( or greek anything ) . 
  i 'm guessing this is for some kind of overview class . 
  what 's your focus/major ? 
  write about something in your major related to ancient greece . 
  i ca n't think of a single major that is irrelevant to ancient greece . 
  you like math ? 
  write about greek math . 
  you like art ? 
  write about greek art . 
  business ? 
  write about commerce and trade . 
  there are thousands of possibilities . 
  edit : i looked through your post history . 
  you seem to like sports and getting high . 
  olympics or mystery cults , especially the dionysian mysteries . 
   it 's such bullshit that you have to tippy toe around this . 
  who wants you to tiptoe ? 
  outside of some pretty fringe trans activists , i ca n't think of any group is saying that male bodies and female bodies are capable of the same things . 
  there 's a professional biker doing the same thing . 
  it 's ridiculous , but these pushes are coming from one particular movement : the liberal trans movement . 
   everyone everywhere is looking for a good strawmen fight . 
  on the internet , sure , but there are lots of fringe things that seem a lot more common on the internet than they are . 
  women 's sports is something that the feminist movement has a whole has been fighting to support and protect for a very long time , based partly on the fact that at the highest levels of play , women 's and men 's bodies perform differently . 
  letting people born as men participate in women 's sports does n't help their cause at all . 
  there 's a small faction of young , fifteen-word-prefix-to-describe-my-gender-and-sexuality `` feminists '' who support the liberal trans movement on these issues .
