  i could say similar things about other parts of canada , too , so i 'm not sure about the stereotype that it 's more americanized than other parts of canada , but it 's definitely very american . 
  it 's one of my favorite cities in the continent along with chicago , which i do n't find very dissimilar . 
  sicker is from the same latin root as sure . 
  wis is a germanic alternative . 
  this is the happiness statistic that 's little more than a new quality of life metric . 
  it has nothing to do with feeling happy . 
  `` it 's light work '' would also be widely understood , but we do n't know how germanic `` easy '' is . 
  it could be the next step of the word `` ethe '' . 
  it 's germanic enough for me , but maybe not for others . 
  i like that your words are easier to understand for english speakers than op 's . 
  if we overset too much , it stops looking like english at all . 
  can you not just retry the lesson ? 
  vowels in california can differ a bit from the standard as well . 
  i 've noticed that most californians do n't distinguish cot and caught , which is still considered part of the standard general american dialect . 
  i 've also noticed californians are more likely to use the simple past as a past participle ( e.g. 
  i have went ) than your typical `` standard '' vaguely midwestern speaker . 
  if you 're not american , you might have a slightly different impression of what 's standard than we do because so much of your exposure the language is through the film and entertainment industry , which is heavily california-centric . 
  you 're right that californian accents are n't all that distinct , but neither are accents from most places west of the mississippi river and north of the south . 
  yes . 
  the big news anchors still distinguish them , but it 's not the same distinction you hear in britain , which i often hear as an o sound . 
  the charts [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_american#vowels ) show the ga vowels . 
  i do n't have the study handy , but i remember reading recently that about 60 % of the country still distinguishes the two vowels , but it 's on the decline . 
  i reckon this has a lot to do with the prevalence of western dialects that do n't distinguish the vowels in the media . 
  i had to learn to speak standard english as an early teenager near dallas , and the english i picked up there does n't distinguish those two sounds , either . 
  my native dialect does . 
  it 's a weird situation because i think we 're in the middle of a shift of what we consider standard , but for now the official descriptions of general american all agree that the vowels are distinguished . 
  the thing i 'm not sure about is whether ga is changing or just being replaced by a slightly different dialect as the standard . 
  this is the most accurate descriptions of these groups of tourists i 've ever read . 
  do n't forget to post the image . 
  the city of jackson , which is slightly larger , did n't have running water for the better part of a week some time around 2010 , i do n't remember the exact year . 
  hotels in the surrounding areas were packed full , and the affected parts of the city were very , uh , unsanitary by the time they got the water running again . 
  it was n't exactly a catastrophe , but it 's interesting how much chaos one vital system failing for a few days can cause . 
  i do n't see why unification with canada would be a bad thing for the us . 
  the canadians might not be too happy , but if they hypothetically wanted to , i do n't see why not . 
  mexico i 'm not too sure about . 
  the lack of a shared language would be a major burden to integrating the formerly separate states . 
  assuming we also form an economic union , most the problems that come along with nafta and free trade with mexico in general would still be an issue . 
  we 'd have more regulatory oversight , possibly the same environmental and labor laws , but that only goes so far . 
  look at how many western european companies from wealthy countries source their production from poland , the czech republic , etc. , and the effect it has on the workers in that country , namely driving down labor costs . 
  i do n't have a big problem with free trade with canada . 
  companies are moving operations to take advantage of poor canadian workers and driving down american wages or causing american workers to lose their jobs . 
  if anything we 're probably attracting canadian companies , like all the german auto companies in alabama . 
  if that 's what y' all want , it seems like it 's good for the us to me . 
  free trade with mexico is n't beneficial to the american worker right now , so i think we should get out . 
  what does it mean in real terms to the average american that it would negatively impact the economy ? 
  what does having a job or getting paid more for your job mean to blue-collar workers ? 
  from the way i see it right now , supporting manufacturing would affect more people in a bigger way than supporting the economy , but i 've also never seen it laid out ( at least not in a sympathetic way ) who exactly suffers and how when the economy suffers . 
  they 're not similar to the michel thomas courses at all , but they 'd be a good follow-up after you 've finished michel thomas . 
  they are sentences that start fairly simple and gradually introduce new vocab and grammar as you move on . 
  there is no explicit instruction . 
  you learn by hearing and repeating the sentence and comparing it to the english . 
  the context of the nearby sentences often helps , as well , but it 's not organized into discrete dialogues . 
  i think it 's a great course , but there 's not a lot of hand-holding and i usually would n't recommend for someone as their first or only textbook . 
  economists and i often have very different values , so knowing what they think without seeing the figures does n't do much for me . 
  i just do n't see the human benefit to free trade in all cases . 
  companies can reduce production costs . 
  they 're profits go up . 
  some of that is passed on to the consumer . 
  the consumers benefit some , the numbers on the company 's balance sheet improve more . 
  a significant amount of people lose their livelihood , have to move , do n't get raises , etc. 
  economic growth is only worth as much to me as the human effect it has , and improving the economy seems to have the largest affect on people who have enough wealth to be invested in the economy to begin with . 
  likewise , broad , shallow negative effects on the economy seems to affect the same group . 
  we live in a firmly capitalist society . 
  i 'm not worried about the economy growing . 
  i 'm worried about whether it 's sustainable and how it affects most people . 
  i googled `` trade typically favors the poor '' and mostly found articles arguing the other way , and i did n't see anything that looked like a study that had numbers to back up such a claim . 
  pulled pork sandwich with fried okra , baked beans , and a mountain dew . 
  or maybe that 's just what i want right now , i ca n't really tell . 
  i just skipped through the video real fast so my apologies if they said this one and i just missed it , but \u0448\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0433 is another one that seems to come up pretty often . 
  i could n't figure out what they meant by \u0448\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0433\u0438\u0441\u0442 the first time i saw it , though . 
  thank you for the source , this has given me hours of interesting reading material that will hopefully help with problem 1 . 
  i 'm well aware that these factors impact things like cost of living , etc. , my issue was just that i had n't seen the effect of those gains quantified in a way that compared it to the much more visible losses . 
  glossika has no explicit grammar instruction . 
  it is entirely dissimilar to the grammar translation method , as found in textbooks like wheelock 's . 
   why in the ever loving fuck would i want to go from the quality of healthcare i 'm getting now to va style bullshit ? 
  people whose experience with other systems is outside the us , for one . 
  comparing my experiences in the us and germany , i know which one i 'd like our system to more resemble , and it 's sure as hell not the us . 
  i get great care for a fraction of the price over here while americans in the us are stuck paying insurance and pharmaceutical companies huge amounts of money . 
  i 've been extremely pro-healthcare reform since moving abroad and realizing that most human beings do n't have to put up with overpriced healthcare and insurance that does n't cover half of your problems . 
  democrats could win my vote by really pushing it as a key issue , but i 'm afraid of compromise leading to a worst-of-all-worlds situation like obamacare . 
  i 've heard it used that way but would n't recommend it . 
  the meaning likely wo n't be obvious to people not well-versed in pc terminology or american culture . 
  using diverse to mean non-white , foreign , or whatever you mean here is n't universal . 
  if you really feel like you have to say this , i 'd phrase it as `` we appreciated bob 's perspective as a ... '' , whatever it is that made you appreciate bob 's perspective . 
  it 's very easy for these kind of statements to come off as patronizing , especially if they 're accompanied by a lack of action , but that 's not really the topic of this subreddit . 
  languages take a while to learn . 
  esperanto less than most , but most people ca n't ride a two-week wave of motivation to a level they 're happy with . 
  at a certain point it takes a bit of discipline , as well . 
  i get frustrated by the american left 's insistence on single payer . 
  there are plenty of other options that have been shown to be able to provide good , affordable healthcare to everybody . 
  i 'm just interested in getting an effective plan passed ; whether they decide to start a nationalized system , single-payer , or a multi-payer system like germany is much less important than doing one of them well . 
  you tried . 
  the bot did n't correctly generate the layout from the image . 
  i was just being a smart-ass . 
  i posted what i thought was a fixed link , but it was still backwards . 
  yeah , no hr person in their right mind would think saying something like that is okay . 
  i was using pc in a very cynical , shit-white-people-say kind of way . 
   a single person ca n't be `` diverse '', 
  i agree in principle , but i phrased it the way i did because this is a thing that native english speakers say , as people on the shitamericanssay subreddit like to point out . 
  yeah , no hr person in their right mind would think saying something like that is okay .
