  what 's going on there ? 
  to me , if you grew up here and you think of yourself as an american , you 're an american . 
  i 've had friends in similar situations ( grew up here , culturally more american than any other nationality , no status ) get deported , and it was a huge wake-up call to me about how my view does n't match the law . 
  extra points to you for being a citizen , but that 's not what makes you an american in my eyes . 
  you share the experience of growing up american , which is more important than any piece of paper . 
   i feel that we 're spitting in our faces having the best universities in the world and having them have such a large percentage of foreign students in them like were incapable of filling the spots ourselves, 
  it 's fine in moderation , but these schools that survive on mainland chinese money and then stroke all their little brainwashed egos because they complain about free speech because the dalai lama is visiting makes me want to reconsider . 
  especially since some of these universities are playing along with the less-than-honest practices and norms the students are bringing with them . 
  it 's already had big effects on australia 's higher education , no need to let the same thing happen here . 
  i see . 
  the first sentence is n't grammatical to me as an american . 
  it would have to be `` they demanded that the park open on time next week '' . 
  maybe that 's why i thought the backshifted version was so weird . 
  i had never seen a present subjunctive backshifted . 
  for a speaker who would produce the first sentence , the second makes a lot more sense . 
  could be , but the questions do n't strike me as being written by someone with the knowledge and attention to detail to be teaching a course like that . 
  that was exactly my point . 
  i misinterpreted it because a present-tense verb sounds ungrammatical to me . 
  i mean , the sat wo n't let students take the test in mainland china . 
  the whole damn country , because there 's not a single place you can trust enough people to stop cheating . 
  students have to go to hong kong if they want to take the sat . 
  and you let these students form 25 % of your student body ? 
  but that 's secondary to me . 
  i 'm not a big fan of americans who are against free speech , but that is an issue we have to settle among ourselves . 
  if you come here as a foreigner and protest free speech furthering the political agenda of a foreign government , i 'd revoke your visa faster than you can find somebody to buy an essay from on wechat . 
  the first view is very american , in my experience . 
  i know here in germany , people consciously recognize people with german passports as german , but if people are n't being careful they 're very likely to imply that turks are n't german or even outright compare turks ( mostly second generation/german citizens at this point , at least where i live ) and germans . 
  i 'm not trying to say anything about the politics of the people involved , because i 've heard it from all sides , just that there is a widely-recognized german ethnolinguistic/cultural identity separate from german nationality . 
  the us used to have more of this sentiment , but it 's a lot less common than it used to be because it was based mostly around wasps as the image of the american identity . 
  as an example , my grandmother thought obama was n't american . 
  not because he was born in kenya , she believed he was born in america . 
  she said he was n't american because he was black . 
  these days you have to do some real mental gymnastics to still see america that way . 
  it feels a lot more natural to think of americanness as something legal or cultural . 
  i think the strong `` english only '' movement is a side effect of people trying to define what their identity as an american means . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  it seems to be only for the expat-style internationally accredited schools . 
  lots of things carry a massive penalty in china . 
  whether it gets to the point that someone feels inclined to enforce it is another story . 
  the student wants to look good , the school wants to look good , the city wants to look good , so people tend to ignore cheating when they can . 
  people get punished when their cheating makes the school/other organization look bad . 
  germans very strongly associate their identity with the german language . 
  i ca n't find it on google at the moment , but i remember a study that showed the same , more so than any other country in europe . 
  that said , the average mehmet or ayse in germany speaks german and are still subject to being not german at times . 
  my general impression is that people ca n't be german without speaking german , but speaking german does n't make you german . 
  only about 1/3 of languages have a sex-based gender system . 
  56 % have no gender system , and about 10 % have another kind of gender system . 
  i 've never seen the word in the wild , but building the word from cognates would be ungetifer or ungetiber . 
  we were talking about german . 
  europe was never mentioned . 
  you 're the one who made the broad statement that only applies to europe without qualifying it . 
  yes , they do count . 
  it means grammatical gender systems that correlate to natural sex . 
  because , despite the oft-repeated misunderstood linguistics 101 trope , grammatical gender is related to sex in many european languages . 
  speakers have recognized the correlations for hundreds of years , and it shapes the way they interact with the language . 
  noun class does n't have to be related to natural sex , but it usually is in europe . 
  also , they literally explained what they meant in very clear terms in my link . 
  the first row is what the parts look like in proto-germanic , second is modern german , third is what it would look like in old english . 
  [ un ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/reconstruction:proto-germanic/un - ) | [ ga ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/reconstruction:proto-germanic/ga - ) | [ t\u012bbr\u0105 ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/reconstruction:proto-germanic/t%c4%abbr%c4%85 ), 
  [ un ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/un-#german ) | [ ge ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ge-#german ) | ziefer, 
  [ un ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/un-#old_english ) | [ ge ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/ge-#old_english ) | [ tiber ] ( http://www.bosworthtoller.com/030403 ), 
  as someone with parents who are n't into doctors and medicine in general , i feel your pain . 
  everyone on here is telling you you absolutely have to go to a doctor , and they 're not wrong , but i get that it 's not always an option . 
  honestly , you might can hold out for a year or two . 
  the problem is that you do n't have the experience to know when you need an emergency room . 
  i took sulfasalazine for a few years . 
  it made my skin tingle a bit and gave me insomnia , but for the most part the side effects were pretty light . 
  that said , the amount it helped was n't that big either . 
  it 's still a good way to keep minor inflammation under control if you 'd call your situation now minor . 
  my growth spurt was delayed because of crohn 's . 
  after i got it under control , i went from being the shortest kid in class to the tallest very quickly . 
  that was a bit earlier than 19 though . 
  if you ca n't get access to western medicines , a lot of people have success treating crohn 's with cannabis as well . 
  i do n't know if you 'd have to hide it from your parents or if you can convince them it 's a natural , indian treatment or something , but it really does help a lot of people with very minor side effects . 
  it is the most delicious food . 
  that said , i rarely see american barbecue advertised in europe and have never had any i would call good . 
  you really want to try some if/when you visit the us . 
  you can also make it yourself , but that 's more of a project than just cooking something new . 
  i think women should do whatever they want . 
  want to keep your name ? 
  great . 
  want your husband to take your name ? 
  great . 
  want to pick a neutral name ? 
  great . 
  want to take your husband 's name ? 
  great . 
  people should do whatever they want . 
  i personally do n't like hyphenations just because i sigh every time i have to write an overly long surname , but if that 's what you want , i guess that 's great too . 
  i 'm glad that americans have that choice , though . 
  my wife is german and she ca n't just change her name to something she wants . 
  she had to prove she had gotten married before she was allowed to change her name , and then she could only change it to mine . 
  neutral names are n't an option . 
  i think we should arrest the politicians and rewrite the constitution on twitter , iceland style . 
  i feel like i might have miscommunicated . 
  my problem is that you made a blanket statement that is geographically limited to an area that had not been brought up in conversation and did n't qualify it . 
  your link reaffirms what i linked above in its eurocentric choices of what languages to include . 
  i 've noticed that there are a few groups of sentences pulled straight out of those books as well , but it 's few enough and mixed in with original sentences enough that i think it 'd be hard to prove copyright infringement , especially since sentences that are good for demonstrating certain grammatical points can only be so diverse . 
  or maybe they licensed it , or they do n't care . 
  no idea , but i agree with your observation .
