  in my ongoing russian experiment , i started speeding up my audiobooks slightly after listening for about 125 hours because being able to discern the words and hear them correctly was n't something i felt like i needed to focus on any more . 
  anecdotally , i struggled more being able to understand native-speed speech in spanish than any other language i 've studied . 
  it 's just so damn fast , and the rhythm is so even and monotonous to me as an english speaker , that i felt like it took forever for me to get the hang of it . 
  edit : i should add that listening to 100 hours of something that sounds like gibberish is n't nearly as helpful . 
  until i can consistently distinguish the sounds , i always try to use subtitles , transcripts , or something of the like . 
  mandarin is [ analytic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/analytic_language ) , [ isolating ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isolating_language ) language , not a [ synthetic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/synthetic_language ) language . 
  what is a root or organic language ? 
  i 'm not familiar with these terms . 
  i put these together because i like learning with bilingual texts . 
  i figured i 'd share them here in case anyone else finds them useful . 
  i had trouble finding a good source for the first book that matched the audiobook . 
  there are a few pages in the first book that i had to ocr because i could n't get the text from them , and a couple of missing lines , but it 's mostly pretty accurate . 
  books 2-7 are all good as far as i can tell . 
  i got banned for saying trans women were socialized as males . 
  i was having a civil conversation about brain sex , but that went over the line , apparently . 
  yes , it does . 
  at least it matches the audio books i have . 
  i do n't think there are multiple versions , but if you have trouble let me know and i 'll send you a link . 
  i 've been using more or less the l-r method . 
  you can learn more about it [ here ] ( http://learnanylanguage.wikia.com/wiki/listening-reading_method ) , [ here ] ( http://how-to-learn-any-language.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?tid=6366 ) , [ here ] ( http://users.bestweb.net/~siom/martian_mountain/!%20l-r%20the%20most%20important%20passages.htm ) , [ here ] ( http://users.bestweb.net/~siom/martian_mountain/!l-r/lr_for_grasshoppers.html ) , and [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/languagelearning/comments/20yfz8/has_anyone_here_used_the_listeningreading_method/ ) 's a reddit discussion about it . 
  i generally focus on one side or the other and let my eyes flit over to the other side when they can or when i need to check something . 
  if you do n't know the story , i do n't think it 's a bad idea to read through the english first . 
  your b description sounds like b1 , to me . 
  b2 is an independent speaker , and can work a job in the tl in their field . 
  the only times they 'll have trouble formulating intelligible responses are to really unusual topics unrelated to their specialization . 
  i agree with all that , and of course my experience guides my impression of the levels , as well . 
  i know a lot of immigrants in germany who do n't have higher than b2 but are well-adjusted , integrated members of society who have a job in their field . 
  their conversations are n't limited to simple ones , they only struggle from time to time , and i almost never see them in a situation where they ca n't formulate a response . 
  if it 's difficult or unusual , it may take some effort and be a shitty response , but at b2 you 're pretty much never completely at a loss . 
  it also depends a lot on the language . 
  english fce or cae is not nearly as difficult as the goethe institute b2 or c1 test . 
  even the telc german tests are n't nearly as difficult as the goethe institute tests . 
  they 're much more in line with dele , cambridge , and so on . 
  when i was working in spain , i could count on the fact that a b2 class would be about the same level as a b1 class in germany . 
  still , though , b2 is a lot more than you 're describing it your comment . 
  i do n't know about our society as a whole , but we definitely tend towards using more hyperbolic language . 
  awesome , the best , amazing , great , etc. 
  in the right context , calling something good can borderline being a negative assessment . 
  regarding politics specifically , i do n't think our discourse as hyperbolic as you may think . 
  our politics are very polarized , and there 's no shortage of people who literally think that all trump voters are fascists and all democrats are anti-american commies . 
  so in this case it may be our society that 's hyperbolic , because i do n't think the language itself is . 
  do n't forget that the verb goes second . 
  you could also say , `` nun , das ist ein bisschen schwer zu sagen , '' but in that sentence `` nun '' is just kind of a filler word , like `` well '' in english . 
  i also have very small handwriting , and all the lamys i 've ever tried write like a paintbrush compared to the pilot efs i usually use . 
  it 's even wider than my twsbi ef , which is a little wider than i 'd prefer . 
  what do you think they were trying to say ? 
   that grammatical gender is anything more than a system of noun classes and that it somehow means that speakers of gendered languages assign stereotypical feminine or masculine characteristics to all inanimate objects . 
  ( this one really gets my goat . ), 
  [ here ] ( http://scienceblogs.com/mixingmemory/2006/10/13/the-systematizing-moon-and-the/ ) is an article about some studies that seem to contradict the idea that this is a myth or misconception . 
  i 'll copy and paste one of the more relevant paragraphs :, 
   in a third study , they asked german and spanish speakers to list the first three adjectives that came to mind for each object . 
  as in the previous two studies , the objects each had opposite genders in the two languages . 
  after the participants had completed this task , raters who were unaware of the purpose of the study , who had listed each particular adjective , or for which objects the adjectives had been listed , rated whether the adjectives were more masculine or feminine . 
  if grammatical gender affects conceptualization , then we would expect that objects that are assigned masculine genders would be conceptualized as having more masculine properties , while feminine objects would have more feminine properties . 
  consistent with this , they found that more masculine adjectives were listed for masculine objects , and more feminine adjectives for feminine objects . 
  furthermore , the objects for which the germans speakers listed masculine adjectives were assigned mostly feminine adjectives by the spanish speakers , and the mostly feminine objects for german speakers were mostly masculine for spanish speakers . 
  for such small claims as this i tend to think it makes sense . 
  if we look at animate , non-human nouns , it becomes clear that the grammatical gender plays a role in how people conceive of them . 
  in `` die sendung mit der maus '' , for example , the gender of the animal characters all matches the grammatical gender of the word describing them . 
  it 's not a huge stretch to think that personifications of the sun or moon would match as well ( though i ca n't think of any examples off the top of my head ) , or that people would use more masculine or feminine adjectives to describe them . 
  but ultimately you 're right . 
  it 's generally this one study that 's trotted out to make this point , and i 'm not familiar with any other studies that corroborate the results ( just my ignorance , not making a statement about whether or not i think they exist ) . 
  well , we 'd have to have studies to see whether they would or not . 
  and even so , i think monolinguals tending to personify objects by grammatical gender would be a worthwhile tidbit that contradicts what you 're saying . 
  it has nothing to do with gender in and of itself . 
  european languages , however , often have noun classes that correspond with natural genders , and it 's well documented that using , say , masculine words for professions in job ads reduces the number of women applicants . 
  the relationship is more complicated than some linguists without experience in sociology , communications , gender studies etc. 
  make it out to be . 
  is this sub not about the chinese language any more ? 
  should someone change the sidebar ? 
  1 ) does n't mean it 's a good one . 
  may be , may not be . 
  2 ) lots of things look good on college applications . 
  3 ) sounds like you might be trying to live vicariously through your son a bit . 
  not necessarily a bad thing , but remember that your wants and goals and priorities are n't necessarily the same as his . 
  4 ) he will meet tons of chinese students in college anyway . 
  5 ) no foreigner in their right mind wants to go work for a chinese company . 
  if he got a good job there , he would be sent by an american ( or other foreign ) company , probably through american contacts . 
  i 'm purposefully being a bit negative and contrarian , but the point is that this is n't some objective good that your son should definitely accept . 
  you obviously care about your son and his future , but if he resists that much then let him be . 
  give him options . 
  let him be productive and prepare for his future in a way that suits him . 
  if that 's not spending a month in china , do n't push it . 
  the descriptors exist only in their relationship to these tests . 
  they 're not well-suited for talking about how fluent someone is , how natural they sound , the size of their vocabulary , or many other important parts of being good at a language . 
  those are a part of what 's tested , but they 're still secondary . 
  the cef exists to qualify workers for jobs in other languages . 
  to make it easier on hr departments and immigration agencies . 
  a lot of people on this forum use cef to talk about their language abilities because it 's there , it 's well-known , and it 's convenient , but the descriptors are not universal and should n't be , because they 're not very good at describing the range of language proficiencies experienced by people outside of white-collar european workers . 
  that 's true , but i meant if he wants to . 
  i bothered the chinese students with my friendship because i thought it was weird they only ever talked to each other and no one else could compete with my ping pong skills . 
  i agree , i think . 
  i do n't think for a second that speakers assign a gendered noun class to objects because they perceive it as having certain characteristics . 
  new words / loan words are generally assigned classes based on other criteria , such as phonology . 
  i do think that people tend to ascribe certain gender characteristics to objects of a certain noun class because that noun class is strongly associated with human gender . 
  i think it would be more useful to try word association games with the speakers than just ask them . 
  native speakers are generally terrible sources for describing their own language consciously . 
  i started reading two hours of russian per day at the beginning of the year . 
  my excel sheet tells me i 'm averaging 1.96 hours as of yesterday , so i 'm doing pretty well so far . 
  i also read or listen to audiobooks in german every day during my commute or while doing housework , but that 's more about me being too lazy to bother buying the english version than studying .
