  i had a look at your stats you posted , and i do n't think what i said earlier is the problem . 
  first , change * steps ( in minutes ) * to * 1 10 * , with a space between them . 
  that way , instead of seeing the new cards only every ten minutes , you 'll see them every minute until you can remember them , then if you can remember them after 10 more minutes you 'll see them the next day . 
  second , twenty a day is probably too high at the beginning . 
  i 'd recommend ten . 
  start at ten . 
  if , after a couple of months , your workload is still lower than you 'd like , slowly start to crank it up a bit . 
  i would n't give most of the credit to the intellectuals . 
  western society , civilization , and inventions were built on the backs of the workers , first locally then globally . 
  some of this seems like reasonable criticism of a designed writing system , especially concerning how the vowel letters represent different phonemes depending on the letters in front of them , a problem not shared by zhuyin and some other romanization schemes . 
  u represents \u3129 , \u3121 , and \u3128 , e represents \u311c and \u311d , i represents \u4e00 , \u311f and \u00f8 ( r in yale ) . 
  does this mean it does n't work ? 
  of course not . 
  its consonants are somewhere between phonemic and phonetic , with codas that have to be memorized instead of consistent vowel graphs . 
  as a designed script , there 's plenty to criticize or disagree with the designer 's choices on , but it works . 
  a lot of badling in there too , though . 
  what do you mean when you say german is nonphonetic ? 
  if you 're in the us , spanish is by far the most useful second language overall . 
  it depends on your personal circumstances more than anything else , but since you do n't know , spanish is the safe choice . 
  german is really useful in europe , not so much elsewhere . 
  i 'm reading harry potter and listening to the audiobooks , and this matches my experience exactly . 
  it 's almost always written \u0435 , regardless of the pronunciation . 
  \u0451 shows up only rarely . 
  i 'm using chewing with fcitx , and it has the character . 
  that 's not much help if you do n't use linux or do n't type in zhuyin , but some imes have it . 
  you might want to try something besides google pinyin . 
  it 's a lot of trouble for one character , but situations like this will probably come up again . 
  not that it means much because i could have just missed it , but i tried to type it using google zhuyin on my phone and did n't see it . 
  it should be in the system though , because i had no problem typing it after switching to google cangjie . 
  that 's not uncommon , no . 
  it was three years where i went , but there 's generally not a lot of emphasis on foreign language . 
  you can get a functional house with the expected amenities for around 30k in alabama . 
  that 's still too expensive for some people , which one of the reason trailers are a big thing , but certainly more people own houses than in new york, 
  the germans are already in control of the eu . 
  the germans i talk politics with are all very aware of this . 
  i did n't realize that was controversial . 
  yeah , this is pretty much textbook propaganda . 
  take a couple of quotes , put them together in the least flattering way , and ridicule . 
  the thing that bothers me about trump coverage in germany is that they seldom take him seriously . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think trump is a narcissistic assclown , but i hate how he gets dismissed by major news outlets in germany so often . 
  even if he does n't listen to the criticism , and he does n't , especially when it 's in german , it 's important for us to keep hearing real criticism instead of mindless mockery . 
  the shock and humor will fade , the bad policies wo n't . 
  trump is pretty much a punchline himself in germany , and that 's very , very dangerous . 
  if you hate trump so much , spend more time linking him to the afd or something . 
  anything is more productive than this . 
  it is indefensible , but i disagree that he 's incoherent . 
  or rather , he 's only incoherent because you 're a reasonable person . 
  he 's connecting to a lot of people , and we have to find out how and why and talk about it . 
  even if the explanation were as simple as him capitalizing on racial tension and resentment , how is he signaling it ? 
  how is he getting support from so many people in government ? 
  why does no one care that he constantly contradicts himself ? 
  are there any historical parallels to this ? 
  there are a million questions to ask just about how he 's doing what he 's doing , not just the few policies themselves . 
  also , i think more of what he says is calculated than the media does . 
  he 's saying all of this shit about nato and china et al. 
  right now because it opens up more room to compromise . 
  stupid ? 
  sure , but not incoherent . 
  he 's throwing out so much shit precisely so that he ca n't be attacked on substance . 
  that 's a strategy , and it 's working . 
  his detractors have slunk into making news pieces that rely on the `` trump 's so stupid , hahaha '' paradigm . 
  that does n't convince anyone , it does n't help his opponents figure out what what to do , it does n't help people learn why this happened and how to spot and prevent it in the future , and it occasionally engages the policy positions he does have at a superficial level . 
  he 's been pretty consistent about what he wants the relationship with china and russia to look like as well , just to add to your policy positions . 
  i do n't think you learned more mongolian in twenty minutes than turkish from days of duolingo . 
  i think you learned more mongolian grammar , which is one small part of language learning . 
  or maybe you learned more useful phrases ; duolingo is n't big on those . 
  but more words , more sentences , more phrases , more pronunciation ? 
  doubtful . 
  and you certainly did n't get more practice in 20 minutes , which is fundamental to becoming proficient at a language . 
  you say you know that , but you do n't write like it . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm defending duolingo , but whatever . 
  there are people who study second language acquisition , you know ? 
  if frontloading a bunch of grammar is how you learn best , you 're an unusual case . 
  i thought for a long time that 's how i learned best , because i felt like i had learned something , and it felt challenging and engaging . 
  it 's also because my first languages were greek and latin , and learning to read is a lot easier than actually acquiring a new language . 
  it did n't actually help me speak at all . 
  it 's much better for most people to learn the grammar as they need it to understand what 's around them and communicate . 
  that said , if you 're really convinced your way is better , write a language course and see if people like it . 
  glossika breaks most of the `` rules '' of producing language learning material , but they seem to be staying alive . 
  what could be more liberal than privatizing schools ? 
   99 % of canadians do n't say `` aboot '', 
  not exactly aboot , but what they 're saying sounds like aboot to americans . 
  and it 's certainly more than 1 % that have [ canadian raising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_english#canadian_raising ) . 
  it 's not useless , but you get fairly little out of it considering the number of hours you put into the program compared to other resources . 
  no , it 's not worth it -- neither the money nor the time . 
  it can get you to a high beginner level . 
  yeah , i 'd say it 's skewed . 
  i 'm from outside gadsden , kind of closer to collinsville , and there 's no shortage here . 
  the youngest truly illiterate person i know is about 50 , but if we include people who can sound out and write the letters but ca n't really make sense of it , 1 in 4 seems reasonable . 
  as long as you can be responsible for reviewing what you 've learned yourself , there 's no harm in not using anki . 
  anki is great , but it 's a convenience , not a necessity . 
  none of the core features of readlang cost money , though , do they ? 
  you can still read as much as you want and get all kinds of anki cards from it . 
  did you look at what you linked ? 
  did you try clicking the original button ? 
  what is an international speaker ? 
  i agree with them . 
  there are parts of the usa which have qol metrics that match the third world . 
  the whole usa ? 
  of course not .
