  the reasons for their protest with the ballot are found not least in the statistics from the health agencies . 
  although the life expectancy of african-americans and latinos is even lower than that of the white majority , it is the increasing death rate of white women and men that is responsible for the most recent decline in the life expectancy of the us . 
  a white crisis, 
  this development started a long time ago . 
  in one study , nobel prize winner for economics angus deaton , who teaches at princeton , and his colleague anne case analyzed the death rates of white americans between the ages of 45 and 54 . 
  until 1998 , according to the results , the death rate was going down about two percent per year - comparable to the trends in other inustrialized countries . 
  but the scientists discovered that the death rate increased by half a percent around around the turn of the millenium . 
  `` this trend reversal undid decades of progress in the death rate and was n't seen in any other affluent country , '' they concluded . 
  some demographic groups resisted the trend . 
  among latinos , the death rate dropped by 1.8 % in the same time period - about the same about as among brits - and among african-americans of the same age group , the death rate dropped by 2.6 percent . 
  the higher mortality rate is a crisis of the whites . 
  apparently , the level of education plays a large role . 
  not having a high school diploma is statistically as deadly as smoking , determined a study published by the university of colorado , new york university , and the university of north carolina in the summer of 2015 . 
  the researchers analyzed the data of around a million americans of various generations in relation to their death rate and level of education . 
  based on that data , they calculated that 145,000 deaths could have been avoided by the year 2010 if all of the dropouts had gotten their high school diploma . 
  for college dropouts , they calculated that 110,000 deaths could have been avoided . 
  how can minimal education lead to death ? 
  strikingly , researchers found that cardivascular problems were more a more common cause of death among the poorly educated than cancer . 
  many types of cancer ca n't be prevented as easily as cardiovascular conditions , which can be treated - provided that you have health insurance or can pay for treatment yourself . 
  a better education means , as a general rule , higher income and gives you access to better healthcare . 
  in countries where the citizens have to pay for healthcare costs out of their own pocket , the affluent live longer . 
  the poor die younger . 
  but why has the situation gotten so much worse for minimally educated americans , who are wealthy compared to people from developing countries ? 
  the country 's problems are becoming more frequent in the south and midwest, 
  the country 's problems are becoming more frequent in the south and midwest, 
  life expectancy : the country 's problems are becoming more frequent in the south and midwest . 
  during the industry boom , those without a degree had no trouble finding work . 
  supported by the unions , they managed to receive above average hourly wages . 
  with the job came social protection : in the usa , the employer still pays fifty percent of the workers ' health insurance . 
  that has its roots in the labor shortage after world war ii . 
  in order to prevent inflation , the us government issued a wage increase , so the companies enticed workers with health insurance and pensions . 
  in the 60s , nearly everyone employed in the economy was insured through their employer . 
  but this model has a disadvantage . 
  the percentage of people employed in industrial jobs has been falling since the 80s . 
  that has to do with the exodus of industrial companies to low wage countries , especially after the opening of the asian markets . 
  the so-called rust belt in the northeast , where abandoned factories are rusting away , was formed also by technological changes , for example in the steel industry , where factories that once employed thousands have been replace by so-called mini-mills with a few hundren workers . 
  the recession after the financial crisis of 2008 hastened the job loss . 
  according to a study from georgetown university , 7.2 million jobs were destroyed in the crisis , of which 5.6 million were jobs of dropouts or citizens with high school diplomas . 
  this also seriously affected the southeaster us , the deep south . 
  although 11.6 million new positions have cropped up , 11.5 million of the new jobs went to well-educated applicants , according to the study . 
  the americans who were once the backbone of american industry got almost nothing from the recovery . 
  they were left with positions in retail , warehouses , or food service . 
  there , the wages they are paid are half as high as what they received working in the industrial sector . 
  and these jobs provide no health insurance . 
  that 's the purpose of obama 's healthcare reform : to provide protection to employees who are not insured by their employers . 
  because the republicans fought vehemently against obamacare , congress was only able to implement a compromise that left trump voters dissatisfied . 
  the upheaval in the working world rocked the society . 
  again it appears that health does n't come only from avoiding infections , cancer , and injuries . 
  as the german physician , politician , and reformer rudolf virchow recognized in the 19th century , health is a result of the overall living conditions . 
  the young physician was shaken by a trip to upper silesia , where 16,000 people had died of typhus , and whole regions had sunk into lethargy . 
  only a part of the problem, 
  the feeling of being left behind is widespread in the old industrial areas of the usa . 
  although gadsden has stabilized economically -- the unemployment rate is now at 5.7 % -- the city has had a new problem in recent years : drugs . 
  the city is experiencing an `` overdose epidemic , '' reported gadsden times last october . 
  the victims came from all social and economic classes , reported the fire chief , who is also responsible for the local emergency medical services . 
  the problems are mostly with opiates like heroin , which is sometimes cut with fentanyl , a narcotic up to a hundred times as potent as morphine . 
  it is not just gadsden fighting with this problem . 
  according to official sources , the number of drug deaths quadrupled between 1999 and 2014 . 
  on average , 91 americans die daily from overdoses , mostly of opiates . 
  painkillers play a leading role . 
  nowhere in the world are they prescribed as generously as in the usa . 
  in 2014 , an average of 650,000 prescriptions were given out per day . 
  in order to get the crisis under control , the drug enforcement administration began signficantly reducing the volume of legally available painkillers . 
  but that has fatal consequences : those who can no longer find a doctor to prescribe them pills turn to heroin . 
  no cause of death besides alzheimer 's has grown as much as death by opium overdose . 
  the stories are even more shocking than the statistics , such as when a five-year-old child died of thirst after both parents had died of an overdose . 
  in october , the police of east liverpool , ohio posted a picture on facebook of a couple who had injected an overdose of heroin . 
  their four-year-old grandson was sitting in the back seat . 
  when there were protests , the police chief explained that he wanted to shake up the public : `` it 's not only our community that heroin has poisoned . 
  we are prepared to fight it by every available means . 
  if these pictures hurt a few people 's feelings , we have to accept that . '', 
  the collapse of traditional order , rising drug abuse , and falling life expectancy - the crisis in the middle of america is reminiscent of the collapse of another system : the soviet union . 
  in the 17 years between 1992 and 2009 , the population of russia shrank by seven million , or five percent - there has not been a loss of population like that in europe since the second world war . 
  the life expectancy in the soviet republics was already falling in the 70s and 80s . 
  after the fall of the berlin wall , it plummeted . 
  between 1990 and 1994 , the life expectancy of russian men fell from nearly 64 years to 57.6 years . 
  despite a recovery in the 00s , the former soviet states remain far behind western europe to this day . 
  the causes are `` dangerous drinking , smoking , poor nutrition , and insufficient healthcare , '' wrote martin mckee , professer at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , and colleagues in an a 2013 article in the lancet . 
  undereducated men and the poor were especially affected . 
  governmental attempts to limit the sale of alcohol would have merely led to an increase in illegal production . 
  in december , 72 people in siberia died after drinking alcoholic bath additives . 
  the anthropologist michelle parsons look for an explanation that went beyond the medical causes . 
  she talked to russians who were born in the years of famine after the second world war and had lived through the development of the soviet empire . 
  and again the pattern of a proud middle class pushed the margins emerged . 
  to many russians , the 60s felt like a time of relative prosperity and social security . 
  massive building programs made it possible for families to move out of old apartments shared by many generations and into their own home . 
  the state guaranteed jobs and pensions . 
  then that world collapsed . 
  in the new , capitalist russia , the knowledge and skills of the soviet times were not in demand , and the social networks were torn apart . 
  usa, 
  behind the story, 
  why is the life expectancy in the usa falling , asked our author , who has been visitng the midwest for years . 
  an anecdote brought the problem to her attention . 
  a employer in ohio was looking for workers . 
  when he articulated the requirements - high school diploma and negative drug test - 80 % of the applicants left the room . 
  the economic effects are only a part of the problem , says parsons . 
  the feeling of not being useful leads to destructive behavioral patterns like alcohol abuse . 
  now the scientist is working at northern arizona university . 
  she sees parallels in her new home . 
  `` there is a longing for security in life , like there used to be . '',
