  it has a good balance between giving you the words you need to talk about latin without overburdening you with metalanguage . 
  i can only really speak for greek and latin ( and old english , but you are n't interested in that , greek and latin are more fun anyway ) , but i would make the decision based on what would keep your interest longer , which will probably come down to the language 's literature . 
  it 's not like you 're learning the language to talk to anyone , right ? 
  of course it 's my own opinion , but i find reading ancient greek literature much more interesting and fulfilling than latin ; you ca n't beat homer or aristophanes in the original . 
  but if you love roman history or literature , definitely go with latin . 
  it 's a whole conjugation they did n't even bother to mention when i went through school . 
  it seems like voseo would be more relevant in a classroom teaching latin american spanish ( which mine was ) , but then again i 've never accused my high school spanish classes of being particularly good in any other way . 
  the number of places where people identify as american and with no other ancestry group probably accounts for a lot of the lost people of british ancestry , especially if the older numbers were n't self-reported . 
  not to be too picky because it does n't really change your point , but what the chinese government claims is that they are all \u65b9\u8a00 ( fang1 yan2 ) , or the way people speak in a certain place . 
  calling them topolects does n't hurt my western understanding of languages quite as much as dialects does . 
  you remind me a bit of cesare . 
  my first thought was , `` i hope he sees this so he can upload a better picture . '', 
  get a native speaker to practice interviewing with you , and then they can help go through some of the language that is missing or needs work for answering interview questions and questions related to your potential job . 
  repeat as necessary . 
  i would write out some of the questions you expect to be asked beforehand to give your partner an idea of what you want . 
  it sounds like you have spanish/french speaking friends , but if they do n't want to help you out with this , you can probably find an online skype tutor reasonably cheap and just buy an hour or so for each language ( french/spanish ) . 
  a site like italki would be good for that . 
  the other stuff you mentioned is great for studying the languages in general , but never underestimate the effectiveness of directly practicing the skill you need to improve , in this case interviewing . 
  best of luck on the interview !, 
  learning a germanic language and a romance language are very different experiences , but do you really think one is that much more difficult than the others ? 
  if someone gave me the task of learning , say , italian and dutch , i 'd imagine they 'd take the same amount of time ; italian might even be easier . 
  sure , i have to memorize a few more verb forms ( which are systematic and easy to learn , i find ) , probably not more than a hundred or two in common use , but my vocab load is cut almost in half . 
  that being said , this chart is far from being up to academic standards , but it seems to get the general idea pretty well . 
  this guy has a lot of good advice for learning czech , and i believe he goes through a list of his favorite czech resources in one of the videos . 
  definitely check out http://www.neotv.cn/, 
  they have coverage of major ( western , korean , and chinese ) sc2 , lol , and dota tournaments . 
  there are a lot of things to choose from in the video section , and live events as well . 
  i 've never been to britain , but in , for example , germany , it 's very cheap to sign up for classes at the local volkshochschule or university . 
  if you were in the usa ( once again no idea about britain ) , the local libraries , even in small towns , usually offer tons of free/almost free one-day courses in all sorts of random stuff . 
  that 's a great way to practice . 
  playing pick-up games of basketball/football/your sport of choice can be helpful , too . 
  i do n't really understand your last paragraph , though . 
  working in your target language is one of the best ways to improve it . 
  a job like working in a kitchen gives you tons of opportunities to hear and practice english in a practical environment . 
  honestly any job you can get that does n't have you sitting by yourself is great . 
  the way i figure , you could get up to about 80 % knowing :, 
  * english - 1.5 billion, 
  * mandarin - 1.3 billion, 
  * spanish - .5 billion, 
  * arabic - .4 billion, 
  * russian - .25 billion, 
  * indonesian - .25 billion, 
  * portuguese - .2 billion, 
  * japanese - .13 billion, 
  * french - .22 billion, 
  * german - .17 billion, 
  * swahili - .14 billion, 
  * persian - .1 billion, 
  * italian - .08 billion, 
  * vietnamese - .08 billion, 
  * turkish - .07 billion, 
  * korean - .07 billion, 
  i left out some of the languages in the subcontinent because of the dominance of english there , but perhaps some should be substituted for the languages chosen above . 
  that 's 16 languages , which i guess is possible ( though very difficult ) to keep at a b1/b2 level . 
  communicating with 90 % just seems out of reach . 
  i also definitely pronounce the l in walk , talk , and chalk . 
  i 'm from the southern appalachian dialect region , if that 's relevant . 
  how can you tell ? 
  try doing some listening exercises that focus on the sounds rather than on the meaning . 
  understanding the spoken language requires two skills : hearing the sounds , and interpreting what those sounds mean . 
  # 1 is especially difficult with korean i find , due to its phonological differences with english . 
  find some audio content in korean , your choice , and focus on picking out the sounds you hear . 
  another variation on this is to listen to something in korean and read the text at the same time , focusing on matching up the sounds . 
  if you do this kind of listening enough , listening for comprehension then becomes mostly an exercise in understanding the meaning , simplifying the process significantly and making the challenge much more similar to reading . 
  almost every white person in the city is already pretty much scared off . 
  the two majority white wards in the city cast almost zero votes for lumumba in the democratic primary ( which is effectively the election because a republican could never win in jackson ) , and when their candidate lost , tried an illegal write-in campaign . 
  jackson is a pretty good place for leftist politics compared to anywhere else in the region , or at least that was my experience living there for a few years . 
  it 's nice to see that at least somewhat reflected in its government now . 
  it far longer than it should have for jackson to elect a black leader , and now they have a leader who not only shares a skin color with most of the population , but has a history of fighting for their interests as well . 
  jackson is about 80 % black , to answer one of the many possible demographics questions you might be thinking of . 
  i think the idea here is power within the political structure and outside of it as well , but i could be misreading it . 
  those options have the same phonetic realization for me . 
  how are they not both able to represent the spoken language ? 
  anki is great , and if you ca n't find bilingual books , just grab an english and french copy and go to town . 
  if you get french audio books to go with them , it 'll be even more useful . 
  i married a german and lived in the ruhrgebiet for a while and found approximately five toilets i would call `` normal '' ( us american , here ) . 
  all the rest were shitshelves . 
  protip for pissing standing up i figured out after about a year : stand backwards , with your back to the wall and the toilet between your legs . 
  then it 's much more like pissing in a normal toilet and much less like pissing on a coffee table . 
  also , the ruhrgebiet ( at least where i 've been ) has almost only these kinds of toilets . 
  the assimil catalan course from spanish is one of the best courses they 've made , if you do n't feel like jumping right into native material . 
  pimsleur is great for developing speaking ability and automaticity , but the problem is that it presents a relatively small amount of vocabulary and grammar , and the grammar introduction is often not explicit , which bothers some people . 
  pimsleur shines when used with another course which introduces more material . 
  i think mandarin and spanish are the two which shine above the rest . 
  german is becoming more important , but there just are n't that many german speakers or german-speaking countries to compete with some of the larger languages . 
  i leave out hindi because there is a much larger percentage of hindi-speakers who speak english than spanish or mandarin speakers . 
  in fact , the myth of the hordes of chinese who speak english breaks down if we look at the percentage of chinese who ca n't speak english well enough to do business . 
  i do n't really have as much faith in russia 's economy as some people , but who knows ? 
  although written swiss german is very uncommon , the situation is much better than a language which is truly never written . 
  for example , here 's a decent source of written swiss german . 
  the jump between english ( with 2/3 cases in common use ) and spanish ( 3 cases ) or german ( 4 cases ) is not any more of a jump than knowing a language with five cases and learning one with six ( which , in my experience , was hardly a jump at all ) . 
  once you get over the hurdle of `` words look different depending on what they 're doing in the sentence , '' which you know from your native english , i do n't really see why the number is that relevant . 
  the vocabulary learning load will be less in latin , due not only to your knowledge of french , but english as well . 
  this sums up my feelings much better than i could have myself . 
  i had to watch the stream with google open . 
  it actually was a code - a code based off the navajo language , but still a code . 
  it would have been unintelligible to a navajo speaker who did n't know the code . 
  quote from wikipedia : `` uninitiated navajo speakers would have no idea what the code talkers ' messages meant ; they would hear only truncated and disjointed strings of individual , unrelated nouns and verbs . '', 
  for west africa , we ca n't leave out hausa , which has significantly more speakers than yoruba/wolof/igbo . 
  not sure compared to french , though .
