  if it follows a third-tone syllable , then the toneless syllable is high , as if the dip-and-rebound of the third-tone continues right into it . 
  if it follows a fourth-tone syllable , then the toneless syllable is low , as if the fall of the fourth-tone continues right into it . 
  yeah , it 's a time-honored bourgeois tradition to give just enough concessions . 
  i definitely see the argument , but i 'm not sure i can support hurting the working class so much for a future outcome that may come later rather than sooner . 
  a failing capitalist state has more possibilities than leading to an increase in class consciousness and communist revolution . 
  for example , if the us had voted in ron paul types for a few election cycles , it 's a real possibility that the people would have accepted and supported fascism before turning to socialism . 
  we in the states have a lot of work to do reversing a generation of propaganda ( or waiting for the younger folks who did n't live through it to become a powerful force ) before most workers will even consider it , no matter how bad we 've got it . 
  i do think accelerationism can be a useful tool sometimes , but trying to speed up capitalism 's demise when the other conditions are n't there could be catastrophic . 
  maybe i 'm a little confused ? 
  is n't rejecting concessions more or less getting capitalism to run its course more quickly ? 
  is n't that accelerationism ? 
  it 's certainly not as direct as doing something like voting in a libertarian , but i figured it was more or less the same principle . 
  i 'm sorry if i did n't understand your argument . 
  my point was that rejecting concessions and deteriorating conditions for workers can lead to other results besides increased class consciousness , so it should be used with care . 
  would you mind helping a hungarian learner with what 's going on in that slang sentence ? 
  the official is no problem , but i am having trouble figuring out what gecc\u00f3 and beh\u00e1nyunk are . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  i kind of assumed that was n't normal , but what about pronunciations like valamik\u00f3 or ugorj\u00e1 ? 
  i 've been noticing people dropping off the end of words like that . 
  is it just a certain part of the population or a formal/informal context thing ? 
  that is really creative . 
  some of the stuff on that blog is ( i 'm guessing ) not that common , but a lot of it actually seems pretty useful . 
  i guess the good thing about slang prepositions is that , as someone learning , almost all uses of prepositions besides the most literal ones seem pretty arbitrary . 
  i 've more or less written them off as one of those things i ca n't think about too much and just need to get used to , but reading you explanations of how it changes the word is really helpful . 
  i did it this summer . 
  i used blablacar to help pay for gas for long legs of the trip , parked for free , and took showers at truck stops when necessary , but mostly let the sea keep me smelling reasonable . 
  actually went through more of europe than just spain , but i started there . 
  it 's not free , but it 's definitely more doable than some people would think . 
  go for it . 
  short answer : no , not really . 
  when i was trying to learn the german r , my throat hurt because i practiced a lot and was producing the sound incorrectly/unnaturally . 
  if i speak any language for six hours , especially if it involves much laughing or smiling , i 'll probably get a bit sore , but i 've never noticed it more with languages i 'm learning than my native english . 
  it 's more popular than it is funny , but it 's easy to understand and uses simple vocab . 
  if you like action and drama , chinese is a pretty good choice . 
  there are plenty of comedy shows , but the sense of humor is a bit different . 
  also , if you like period dramas and wwii or depression era flicks , chinese is a must . 
  i do n't know enough to compare it to hindi , but chinese offers way more entertainment options than german or spanish . 
  spanish has telenovelas going for it , but if you learn german for the movies or tv , you 'll probably be disappointed . 
  tatort only goes so far , and there are n't that many movies , and most of them are bad . 
  there are good ones , but not enough to keep you motivated . 
  i actually grew to enjoy some of the spanish language telenovelas , but the chinese soaps are just as good , if a lot tamer . 
  a lot of people like almodovar , but a ) that 's not enough movies to keep you motivated and b ) all his movies are kind of the same anyways . 
  the sheer quantity of stuff you have to watch in chinese means it trumps pretty much everything besides bollywood , the usa , and korea . 
  you can veg out all day and have plenty of stuff to watch indefinitely . 
  imdb is awful for chinese movies . 
  the ratings are unreasonably low . 
  my hunch is that the type of chinese person who frequents western sites is the kind of chinese person who speaks english and probably is in the social class that idolizes western media , unfortunately at the expense of chinese movies . 
  many chinese people watch tv on the computer with sites like kankan.com , iqiyi.com , and tudou.com . 
  the ratings on those sites are , at least for me , a better indicator of whether or not i will like a show/movie . 
  the problem is that they can be a bit impenetrable if your chinese is n't that great . 
  but if you can manage clicking through the site and organizing by rating , there are plenty of shows rated 7.5 + / 10 . 
  i 'd also recommend asiatorrents.me , which is usually good quality , usually has subs , and is easy to navigate in english . 
  it does n't tell you how well rated a movie is , but you can read the summaries/reviews and check it out for yourself . 
  since people are giving you recommendations , here are some you should n't miss for chinese . 
  tai chi zero / tai chi hero ( steampunk kung fu ), 
  red cliffs ( a long , slow , very good war story . 
  1.5 x might be more appropriate than 1.3 x ), 
  journey to the west ( the stephen chow version ), 
  lost in thailand ( a comedy , was at the time the highest grossing film in chinese history , i think . 
  pretty typical of chinese comedic style ), 
   in my honest opinion , i do n't feel wanting to watch more foreign films is a good enough reason to learn language in the long run . 
  i had no real reason to learn chinese , but just recently i got to watch boss and me about a month earlier than i would have if i 'd have had to wait on subtitles . 
  for people who like tv and movies , it can be a huge motivation , just like many people learn for literature . 
  i 'm sure it 's not a good enough reason for everyone , but it 's definitely enough of a reason for some people . 
  well yeah , subtitles can be tiring . 
  i find looking for and syncing subtitles even more tiring than reading them during the show/movie . 
  that 's why you get past the point where you need them asap , 
  i think the more reasons someone has the better , but to use myself as an example again , i will probably never get the chance to spend a long time in china , and it will probably be a few years before i even manage to go on vacation there . 
  if going to a country motivates someone , that 's great , but it 's not necessary . 
  i 'm not sure we necessarily disagree . 
  i learned greek for the literature ( and latin because i had to to get a degree in greek ) , german and spanish to live in there and talk to native speakers , and am making good progress with chinese with motivation based almost 100 % on the media . 
  i think it would be impossible to be motivated solely by media for german , and difficult for spanish , but i do n't think chinese is the same . 
  think of all the people in ( mostly northern ) europe who speak english because they consume english media all the time . 
  some of these people have never spent much time in an english speaking country and probably do n't have much reason to be good at english in their daily lives . 
  it 's far from the only or best reason to learn a language , but do n't knock it either . 
  it 's one of many reasons , but it 's good enough . 
  how can your german list not include goodbye , lenin ? 
  it 's one of the few films from any country that pretty much everyone i talk to seems to like . 
  dutch or spanish . 
  you 'll find dutch grammar easier but spanish pronunciation easier . 
  it 's probably easier to immerse yourself in spanish as well , because it has a lot more speakers . 
  spanish is easier to pronounce than french and has fewer exceptions than portuguese . 
  i 'm not that familiar with italian , but the grammar seems a little less transparent for an english speaker ( i 'm thinking of articles and plurals especially ) . 
  the west germanic languages are the most closely related to english . 
  dutch is more closely related than german , and the grammar is simpler in almost every way . 
  the downside is that the pronunciation of sounds like g , ch , and r can be difficult for english speakers . 
  would n't it be simpler to handwrite them in pleco or look them up in a dictionary ? 
  i 've never heard of this google translate picture app , but i would imagine it to be a bit shaky for book-sized text . 
  are any non-western establishments better ? 
  buddhists institutions generally side with reactionaries , right ? 
  i have to admit i 'm not too well-informed about it . 
  i have read a bit about the situation in china and tibet , and have run across mentions of problems in vietnam , but that 's about it . 
  well , the episcopal church is a western religious establishment . 
  but yeah , they 're not as bad as most . 
  are n't they also a western religious establishment ? 
  i know there are some that are better than others , but i was mostly interested in why gic said they would n't join specifically * western * religious establishments . 
  1395 is actually the first attested usage . 
  either way , shakespeare was using it , so it significantly predates the 1850s . 
  is there some history behind this ? 
  i never thought of the term l2 ( or l3 ) as having anything to do with what level someone has in the language .
