  why would we want the sport to spread ? 
  we 're already world champions every year !, 
   pull the other one it 's got bells on . 
  would you mind explaining what you mean ? 
  i got nothing . 
   the first is `` synchronic '' decision-making , i.e. 
  in the moment , and the other is `` diachronic '' , i.e. 
  over time . 
  i know i 'm american and all , but we do have schools . 
  you 're on a sub full of linguists for chrissakes . 
   most people are talking about violating the norms brought up by ( 1 ) , but it seems to me that you 've conflated that with a disagreement with the norms brought up by ( 2 ) . 
  my general problem with people breaking what i perceive to be the norms of ( 2 ) lead me to feel not inclined to follow the norms of ( 1 ) . 
  i 'm a grumpy bastard who does n't like speaking english when it 's not the most comfortable language we share , and especially not when they 're going to complain about it and tell me how i should communicate . 
  yes , in situations where english is the only or best option , i do my best to accommodate and communicate . 
  i 've made that clear in other comments . 
  i feel like people are reading `` i purposefully talk confusingly to foreigners just because '' , which i do n't think i ever said or implied . 
   90 % of the time , everyone follows the social norms , me included , and everything 's hunky-dory . 
  i am going to be bitter about a non-native telling me what my cultural style should be , but communication comes first . 
  unless i do n't want to talk to someone , and getting them to fuck off or switch languages is a totally reasonable conversational goal . 
  if you 're insisting on speaking poor english to me when we share a stronger language , i probably wo n't want to talk to you for very long . 
  i would n't use the word conflated , because to me being polite is something that i never feel the need to do if the other person is being flagrantly impolite ( e.g. 
  telling me i ca n't speak my own language or insisting on your shit english when we could be moving on to more important things ) . 
  these two ways of being polite , choosing a comfortable language and adapting your speech , are two parts of the same coin . 
  so to sum up, 
   ( 1 ) really do matter as well - i.e. 
  if you 're going to speak english ( or german ) with non-native speakers , do it in a way that makes it easiest to understand for non-native speakers, 
  i agree completely . 
   and are coming from a position that norms ( 2 ) are n't really relevant to that question . 
  they are if they make me think you 're a rude , arrogant prick who i do n't want waste time or effort talking to . 
  you may be waiting a long while for an answer to this one . 
  cherokee , because it 's the only language on my list i 'd never find enough resources and content to learn any other way . 
  i do n't know about french , but i know some spanish speakers who tell people they can mix them up , masculine and feminine . 
  within one conversation , they may change whether they use masculine of feminine adjectives about themselves from one sentence to the next . 
  their presentation is pretty consistent , so it 's not a matter of using the forms at different times when they feel/present different ways , either . 
  they 're always both or either/or , depending on your perspective . 
  edit : not your question , but there is also an alternate gender neutral plural to avoid the generic masculine , but that 's just as much about including women as it is non-binary people . 
  for example , instead of referring to a group as compa\u00f1eros ( generic masculine ) or compa\u00f1eras ( all females ) , you 'd say compa\u00f1erxs . 
  this is widespread enough that i 've seen non-feminists use it , and most younger people will at least know it exists , even if they do n't use it themselves . 
  i 've had mine for about nine months and use it as a daily carry , and i 've never had any problems with the piston turning on its own . 
  it depends on if you 're planning on working in/with central europe or the former ussr . 
  see if russia or germany are particularly hot spots for your field . 
  barring that , it does n't matter much . 
  you could probably do your job only in english and not miss much . 
  if you learn german to a high level , you 're probably going to end up knowing more germans , getting hired for german speaking jobs , and are more likely to work with german . 
  same with russian . 
  either language gives you more opportunities than you could ever make use of . 
  this is bordering on not even wrong territory , but i 'll try . 
  iq is a measure of academic development . 
  [ here 's a well-sourced , accessible article on it ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2009/07/the-truth-about-iq/22260/ ) . 
  cultures which prioritize education do better on assessments of academic development , surprisingly enough . 
  be proud of your culture for that , or your hard work , or your family support , but not your genes . 
  you 're clearly more interested in dicks than i am , so i 'll leave you to it . 
  is short even a chinese stereotype ? 
  is it better to be tall ? 
  no idea what 's up with that whole section . 
   i think it 's harder to find an english-russian translator compared to german, 
  the german \u2192 english market is flooded by native germans . 
  to become a certified translator in germany , you have to translate both ways , and for some reason everyone seems okay with this , despite the passable-but-not-great quality of a lot of the translations . 
  how else would you translate it ? 
  your fierce defense of the chinese government and willful misinterpretation of other people 's arguments screams hapas , asian masculinity , or one of the other asian hate subs . 
  i 'm commenting now so i can check it when i 'm on my computer . 
  edit : aznidentity and sino . 
  all the varieties are referred to as \u4e2d\u6587or \u6f22\u8a9e in chinese . 
  they 're all part of one language . 
  the government supports this and actively campaigns against the \u65b9\u8a00 . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the english word is a side issue that has relatively little impact on the languages themselves . 
  the chinese government terms , however , support very real language suppression . 
  classical chinese exists . 
  that is not what people generally mean when they say chinese . 
  in common speech , \u4e2d\u6587 , \u6f22\u8a9e , and chinese refer to mandarin by default , written or spoken , but in some contexts can refer to the chinese varieties as a whole . 
  if someone wants to talk about classical chinese , they would specify it as \u53e4\u6587 \uff0c \u6587\u8a00\u6587 \uff0c or something like that . 
  no one uses \u4e2d\u6587 to refer specifically to classical chinese . 
   this attitude was not invented by the communist party . 
  no one invented language chauvinism , but not everyone supports and encourages it . 
   southern officials learned mandarin throughout the ming and qing dynasties . 
  all official texts were in classical chinese . 
  just to be clear , mandarin and classical chinese are not the same thing any more than french and latin are the same thing . 
  what does this have to do with the current chinese government 's current policies supported by the terminology , which are currently delegitimizing non-mandarin varieties of chinese and currently encouraging the alarmingly fast drop in the number of speakers , especially among the young . 
  since op asked for pinyin :, 
  \u6628\u5929 zu\u00f3ti\u0101n, 
  what do you mean by extra fretted ? 
  but yes , you can play it and learn it like you would a guitar . 
  no , this does n't alter anything at all . 
  extra frets just add a few higher notes to each string . 
  you can safely ignore them . 
  i 've been speaking foreign languages as a part of my daily life for a long time , and i still ca n't deal with math in them as easily as i can in english . 
  spanish is okay , i 'm just slower . 
  same thing with esperanto . 
  just last week i gave someone speaking german 27 cents when they said 72 . 
  i would feel worse about it , but last time i was at the airport the german making the announcement flipped the flight number as well , so it 's not a purely foreign problem . 
  chinese numbers are pretty easy to work with until it hits 10,000 . 
  then , unless i really need to know the exact number , i just keep it in my head as `` a lot '' . 
  counting the zeros and converting it to a system i 'm familiar with is n't worth the processing power , and i do n't practice dealing with large numbers enough for it to ever get better . 
  i 've heard from immigrants in the us that they still count things in their native language , even if they almost always speak english otherwise . 
  i 'm not sure why that is , or if there are any studies to back up numbers being hard to master , but it seems like a common thing . 
  you want us to help you cheat and mess up other people 's games ? 
  no thanks . 
  if you want to be a dick you can do it on your own . 
  it 's a third party app you have to set up to work with steam , and at the bottom you can go to other parts of the workshop called aim bots .
