  now i do some calligraphy for fun , but i 'd hardly say it 's necessary or even a good idea if you 're worried about using your time wisely . 
  i can write a lot more characters now , but learning is pretty painless since i can understand and use the characters already . 
  assuming you have no pressing need to be able to write characters by hand , there 's no danger in putting them off in my experience . 
  i 'm not a big benny person , for reasons that have been gone over many times on / r/languagelearning . 
  he pushes one method that may be the best choice for a minority of people . 
  he 's popular because it sounds good and because he 's a good marketer , not because it 's the most effective strategy . 
  i like pimsleur , but it 's not like a child learns at all . 
  it uses almost exclusively translation and translation drills from your l1 to your l2 , which is n't what children do . 
  i 'm not sure why you 'd even want to compare it to how children learn , because they 're incredibly slow language learners compared to an adult . 
  pimsleur is more or less an audio phrasebook with notes along the way . 
  it 's a good course in my opinion , but not without its drawbacks : it 's too slow for some people , and after levels one through three , you 'll still have a very small vocabulary . 
   it has a great marketing campaign because everybody knows it, 
  think you got your cause and effect a little mixed up there . 
   or `` correct '' english answers that are n't actually grammatically correct english sentences . 
  the vietnamese course was the worst i 've seen about this when it came out . 
  it was frustrating to have my english answers marked wrong and gibberish word salad as the correct answer . 
  i post a fair bit over on / r/languagelearning , but the general gist of my recommendations usually goes something like get a good textbook ( or two ) with a lot of audio , use it , start consuming native material , and start talking when you feel comfortable or when you need to . 
  different languages have different quality textbooks , but assimil -  glossika would be the generic textbooks i like the best , though i recognize that glossika is a little too unstructured for some people . 
  pimsleur and michel thomas are n't bad choices at the beginning , either , but i do n't think mt pairs well with duolingo because it does n't focus much on listening or developing automaticity , which are two things you 'd definitely need if relying on duolingo . 
  duolingo is nice tool to have at your disposal , but there 's not enough audio there to pull you over the hump where you can start making sense of your tl when it 's spoken by natives for natives . 
  if you have a lot of exposure to the language though , for example you 're living in country , duolingo will go a lot further because it 's teaching the vocab and grammar you need , and you 're getting plenty of listening and speaking practice from other places . 
  i 'm also a big fan of srs , but it 's not necessary . 
  a good anki deck will go a long way towards beefing up your vocab without demanding too much time spent doing extensive reading or listening , though . 
  what works for me is n't necessarily the same as what works for other people though . 
  some people are very social learners , some people can jump into native materials earlier or later than i would , some people love graded readers or bilingual texts . 
  it 's all a matter of finding out how you learn best . 
   perhaps they just had more practice . 
  i thinks that 's it . 
  i can read the greek and latin alphabets quite quickly and easily and do n't remember the last time i made a mistake like you 're talking about . 
  i 'm sure i did as a beginner , but after four years of classes and thousands of hours of reading greek , it 's not an issue at all any more . 
  i would n't worry about it , just keep practicing . 
   everytime i misread a cyrillic word like pectopah ( restaurant ) by substituting in english letters i feel like a beginner all over again . 
  it 's okay to feel like a beginner . 
  even at advanced levels , hell even in your native language , you make stupid mistakes sometimes . 
  i remember a bulgarian student of mine wrote down a word and used the cyrillic letter for the r sound instead of the latin letter . 
  she 'd been living in germany for over 10 years and spoke very good german , but she still mixed it up this one time . 
  just try to feel like a beginner less often next year than you do this year . 
  i do n't really see this offering any advantages over the way toddlers learn their first language now . 
  my community is on a mountain and there 's really only one way to the city unless you go way out of your way , and we have checkpoints that stop everybody at least once a month . 
  i doubt it 's illegal seeing as how they 've been doing it for years . 
  when i was younger they had dea helicopters doing flyovers on the regular , but i guess that does n't work as well for meth labs . 
  i 've had to go through checkpoints in memphis before too , but i 'm not there that often so i 'm not sure if it 's a regular thing or not . 
  on the other hand , pretty much everyone i know carries , legally if they can , and it 's rarely an issue . 
  appalachia is pretty white , though , so that probably helps . 
  no no no about china . 
  only an estimated 0.8 % of the population of mainland china speaks english . 
  it 's easily the largest language with the least english overlap . 
  some people might have skewed ideas by living in nice parts of tier 1 cities or visiting tourist areas , but it matches my experience living in small town china pretty well . 
  [ this page might interest you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_english-speaking_population ) . 
  we 'd probably need a picture of it . 
  if you want to teach latin , classics is a good degree . 
  i loved studying classics . 
  i did n't know latin or greek when i started , and the first semester of reading authentic texts in both languages was pretty tough , but i had a great time anyway and would study it again if i had to remake the decision . 
  i now teach english , but i 've been taking more work as a translator ( german -  english ) and less as a teacher recently . 
  i know english ( native ) , german , spanish , esperanto and chinese , in addition to being able to read greek and latin . 
  i had to learn to read french to do research for some of my papers in college , but i ca n't speak it that well . 
  classics definitely helped with that . 
  the way greek and latin are taught is generally pretty heavy on explicit grammar instruction and metalanguage , which will help you tons learning other languages . 
  extra points if they 're indo-european , where the grammar is somewhat similar to greek and/or latin . 
  i 'd say chinese sentence structure is very difficult and grossly different from english , even if it were only because it 's left-branching . 
  to add to that , verbs and prepositions work completely differently than english , getting word order exactly right is extremely important to comprehension , and anything formal is going to have enough classical chinese confuse less educated natives , much less learners . 
  sure it may not present the problems with politeness levels that japanese does , but easy to master is n't right at all . 
  if anything , the grammar similarities with english are helpful at the very beginner level and get less useful as you go on . 
  on the other hand , you 've got to deal with different basic word order , more morphological changes , and grammatical particles in japanese at the beginning , which makes it a bit more front-heavy . 
  i used pavc ( just skimmed the first two books , then started with three ) after assimil and got a lot out of it , but that was before glossika , or at least before i knew about glossika . 
  i think you 'll be on the right track with glossika or a textbook either one . 
  yes , but all the immigrants speak german as well , and their kids speak german as a first language , so i do n't see how it 's relevant to german becoming less important . 
  i just find this conversation a little frustrating because many if not most of the people i speak to in german on a daily basis are not `` ethnic germans '' , but that in no way diminishes how useful it is . 
  if you 're american , spanish . 
  if you 're british , probably german . 
  if you 're australian , mandarin . 
  it completely depends on where you are and who you 're likely to come in contact with . 
  it means good fortune or blessings or something like that . 
  you see this character all over the place . 
  \u798f is the character in case you want to copy and paste it . 
  esperanto is one of the quickest languages to learn , where mandarin is one of the languages that takes the longest . 
  you can make as much progress in two months learning esperanto as you can two years learning mandarin , so keep that in mind before you start . 
  you have to memorize about 3000 characters to make sense of newspapers or books , or about 5000 to understand them as well as most young native speakers who finished high school . 
  it gets much easier after a thousand or so , though . 
  the grammar is a pain past the most simple sentences ; chinese does n't even have the same parts of speech as english . 
  considering that , the tones , cultural differences , and completely foreign vocab does n't seem like as big of a burden . 
  the good news is no conjugations , declensions , or anything like that . 
  but the bigger question is whether it 's worth it for you . 
  if you have a good reason , and you can put in an hour a day for a few years , you 'll be able to learn chinese . 
  it 's not difficult , it just takes a long time . 
  just take it as it is , memorize the characters , memorize the sentence structures , and practice a bunch and you can do it . 
  i ended up really getting into chinese movies and tv , and that has helped me a lot . 
  some people end up loving living in china , get chinese sos , or develop some other reason to put in the time to bring them past the beginner level . 
  i doubt you 'll find many people here who finds things like being a physician or a veteran , having degrees , or being financially sound as reasons to respect or value your opinion more than anyone else or think you 're smart or moral . 
  i 'd bet it 's more likely to go the opposite way . 
  you do realize you 're in a socialist sub , right ? 
  nah , the communist ( or leftist ) version of `` thoughts and prayers '' has to be `` solidarity '' . 
  if i had a nickel for every time i heard that word used emptily ... 
  i 'd still have to keep selling my labor , but i 'd have a lot of nickels nonetheless . 
  practice more listening , but there 's one exercise in particular i use aside from just extensive listening . 
  listen to the text before reading it . 
  at lower levels or more difficult texts , maybe only a sentence at a time , but i 've also done it for up to chapter-size chunks . 
  read the text ( or excerpt ) , preferably while listening to it . 
  listen again without looking at the text . 
  then repeat steps two and three until you 're satisfied with how much you understand .
