  code switching is when bilinguals switch back and forth between two languages in the context of one conversation , or even one sentence . 
  there are studies that show that we make [ less biased decisions ] ( http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0956797611432178 ) in a second language , if that 's what you mean by more logical . 
  i 'm a native english speaker , and spanish is the one language i do n't communicate significantly differently in . 
  i think because i learned it in school , so a lot of my early exposure to spanish was still in a us setting . 
  i 'm not sure though , it 's all speculation . 
   society usually discourages people from living as a different gender . 
  it does . 
  society discourages anything that is n't gender conformity . 
  there 's not really one right way , but you might find certain strategies easier depending on your level . 
  if this is your first foray into native material and you have trouble keeping up with the german , try reading with both books open , going paragraph by paragraph or page by page . 
  you can also just try reading the german and glancing over at the english when you need help . 
  it 's way easier than reading it with a dictionary and helps you understand it even better . 
  if you can follow the story in german ( easier if you 've already read the english books before , not sure if you have ) , you can try just reading the german . 
  if you see a word a bunch of times and not knowing it is getting frustrating , that 's when you turn to your english copy or a dictionary . 
  you could also alternate reading a chapter in english , a chapter in german if you do n't know the story and you 're having trouble keeping up . 
  basically , the more german you understand , the more you can get out of just reading the german . 
  edit : also , using a german audiobook with it really takes the effectiveness of your study up a notch . 
   the meaning of any word is defined by what it 's used for . 
  by that reckoning , you 're telling the community of / r/badwomensanatomy that the way they use the word vagina is incorrect . 
  different groups of people with different backgrounds and communicative goals use words differently . 
  they care about promoting knowledge of women 's anatomy by shaming a lack of it , so it 's only natural they 're going to be more picky about naming body parts . 
  i 'd hate to see some translators who are officially employed as linguists , called linguists every day , and refer to themselves as linguists come in here and tell us we 're wrong because of the way we use the word linguist ( i.e. 
  academic linguists only ) . 
  same principle , though . 
  we enforce our own norms about terminology and language use because it reflects the community . 
  tl ; dr no idea who master ( p ) is . 
  funny side note : yesterday they were playing as magist ( p ) , which the author said was the english word for magic teacher . 
  i never would have gotten that . 
   yes . 
  but this only means that they 're picky assholes , not that the people are incorrect when they use words the way they do . 
  depends on what you mean by incorrect . 
  sure , there 's not linguistic argument against using the word vagina more broadly , but that 's not what they 're saying . 
   it does not make them ignorant , it makes you an asshole, 
  i 'm definitely not disputing that calling people out makes you an asshole , but i seem to have less of a problem with being an asshole sometimes than other people . 
  in this case , they 're calling people incorrect as a part of a push to recognize how much misinformation there is about women 's bodies and counteract it . 
  also to stay sane , because lots of people say lots of crazy shit about women 's bodies . 
  prescriptive ? 
  yes . 
  asshole ? 
  contradicting and making fun of people can get you called that , for sure . 
  depends on who you agree with as to who the asshole is . 
  what i 'm not sure about is that prescriptivism is badling in and of itself . 
  prescriptivism occurs naturally in the wild , and my badling alarm generally does n't go off unless people are using arbitrary standards and claiming linguistic reasons for prescribing speaking a certain way . 
  in this case , it 's ( in my mind , at least ) a very clearly politically motivated prescription . 
  much like telling people not to say retard , distinguishing between schizophrenia and multiple personality disorder , or discouraging the use of generic masculines . 
  there 's no linguistic reasons for these prescriptions , so unless someone is claiming that there is , i do n't think it has much to do with badling . 
  unique what ? 
  one in this phrase is just a placeholder in english . 
  without any more context , i 'd say the closest thing in esperanto is * la unika * , which means the unique one . 
  i do n't think it works without the * la * , though . 
   i was wondering how to improve any language to the same level as your mother language . 
  when you 've spent as much time and energy on your target language as you have on your mother language , it should be pretty close to the same level . 
  yes , it 's perfectly fine . 
  when a card is focusing on collocations or when to use prepositions i try to abbreviate or eliminate the hints , but the way you have it there works fine . 
  i 'd personally leave off * between * because it 's clear from context . 
  i do n't see why you need the extra bit , but it 's not hurting anything either . 
   but one can not pretend to understand language and prescribe rules to it , because the fact that it is never prescribed is fundamental to linguistics and language . 
  linguistics itself deals with language as it is and does not prescribe , but lay people prescribing language use is as normal and natural as sound change . 
  where did you get the idea that any kind of prescription is badlinguistics ? 
  the only way that 's remotely true is in a linguistics paper or a linguistics classroom . 
  linguists observe , they do n't prescribe , and that means they observe the sociological influences on language just like they observe sound change . 
   the guilty party so to speak , meaning my position that men are victims of gender roles in the same way women are ( although with different severity ) , does not appear to be reconcilable with mainstream feminism . 
  it 's not reconcilable with certain strains of feminism . 
  most of my irl feminist friends tend towards radical feminism or queer theory , and i do n't encounter what you 're saying here much at all . 
  sometimes when they 're talking about women 's issues and some guy keeps on being like , `` but men ... '' they tell him now 's not the time . 
  generally i ( man , in case it 's not clear ) find them very agreeable about that fact that patriarchy is an oppressive structure that affects everyone , including men . 
   i believe it 's symptomatic of this problem where certain self-proclaimed feminists are not in fact fighting to abolish gender roles . 
  instead they are complaining against perceived injustices toward themselves , no matter how minor ( see : pink bic pens ) , meanwhile using gender roles to shame men whenever it suits them . 
  some strains of feminism are worse about this than others , but this especially matches my experience with tumblr feminism . 
  i would say it 's more about shaming anyone they disagree with than only men , but that 's basically right . 
  i do n't take them seriously because i 've met probably less than ten people like that in real life . 
  i 'm also too old for the tumblr demographic and do n't live in the us , so maybe it 's a bigger problem than i realize . 
   the feeling i am left with is that my perspective is not welcome in feminist circles . 
  i can certainly see how these tendencies could drive a more reactionary person towards mra philosophy . 
  i got banned on a subreddit for my ( admittedly somewhat unapologetic ) insistence that our goal has to be eliminating gender roles , and any views which do not further this aim is not my kind of feminism . 
  even though abolishing gender may have negative consequences for individuals whose gender forms a large part of their identity , and even though * a lot * of people are very attached to their gender . 
  i have a good irl network of feminist acquaintances , so the alienation i feel on the internet is at most frustrating , but i can certainly see how men without a solid group of allies could feel turned out by modern feminism and look for other `` answers '' . 
   but linguists should also strive to educate everyone about the reality of languages because language is important and can impact the way others are perceived , leading to negative value of people . 
  is this one of these situations ? 
  because i do n't think it is , nor do i think my comments in this thread have been dismissive . 
  pissing contest about whose dialect is better ? 
  black people are stupid because they use language i think is incorrect ? 
  then yeah , educate people about the realities of language . 
  but this is clearly not being prescriptivist to hurt any group of people , nor are they making any arguments about the language i see as incorrect . 
   if you 're born poor , you 'll likely die poor . 
  there is little mixing of the classes or acceptance of the lower class in mainstream society . 
  i live in germany now , and working class culture is way more celebrated and accepted here than in the us , in my experience . 
  plus , class mobility in the us ? 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
   the thing is , you have to earn that mobility . 
  it wo n't be given you . 
  you have to go to school or learn a trade . 
  if you 're enterprising enough , nothing can stop you . 
  getting an education to get a job is the same in pretty much every developed country . 
  if i go study welding or some other trade , my qol would be way higher in germany than in the us . 
  unless i worked in finance or owned a company , i would pick germany as a better place to make money in general . 
  this is n't true for some professions , but generally working class people make more in germany , especially considering the healthcare . 
  i still personally prefer the us ; i just do n't think your reasons are particularly relevant . 
  i 've lived in six other countries , and i think the us is my favorite country to live in , or would be if i did n't have a chronic health condition that 's much more manageable in countries where healthcare is cheaper . 
  that does n't mean it 's the best country , just the best for me .
