  i read vergil the semester after reading homer . 
  i wanted to scrape my eyes out . 
  it 's easily my least favorite classics thing i had to read at school . 
  i ordered directly from their website a few years ago , and everything went smooth as butter . 
   so i emailed them today, 
   are all new students to a language like this ? 
  some new students are like this . 
  a metric shitton of students of east asian languages are like this . 
  i 've never figured out why ; i do n't even have any reasonable-sounding theories about why students of chinese and japanese are especially insufferable at the beginning . 
  it 's not the program responding , but you could use hellotalk to get appropriate responses to what you input and have to respond in kind . 
  yes , that 's how i took it . 
  i still have a problem with it . 
  there 's not a lot of demand in denmark and the netherlands . 
  unless you know people there , i would n't count on getting a job . 
  there are still plenty of schools and teachers in germany , but it 's shrinking . 
  and it definitely does n't have high salaries for english teachers . 
  as an experienced private teacher you can do alright , but the solid jobs are working in public schools . 
  that takes a lot of certification in germany , though . 
  i 'd imagine it 's the same in austria . 
  western europe ? 
  never thought i 'd hear those two together , but whatever floats your boat . 
  edit : forgot to answer how . 
  applying to a language school is the easiest thing to do , but you could also try to go independent . 
  i would n't recommend it at the beginning , though . 
  visa is no issue since you 're a european citizen, 
  no , we do n't generally put butter on sandwiches . 
  as to why ? 
  well , we 're not used to it and we 're obviously not missing anything so great we feel its absence . 
  i 've gotten kind of used to it living in germany , but i do n't think it adds much . 
  i would imagine our bread is sweet because it tastes good . 
  i would n't call it a savory food , no . 
  it 's neutral . 
  it can hold anything . 
  that 's what makes bread great . 
  it 's not like the parents are the ones enforcing the laws . 
  nah , americans are pretty used to foreign accents . 
  there are assholes everywhere , but for the most part as long as people understand you it 's not that big of a deal . 
  if you 're in small town , people might ask you about it . 
  it 's nothing malicious , they 're just curious and that 's as good a small-talk topic as any . 
  i hate to say it , but it also kind of depends on what color you are . 
  if you look mexican , people will judge you harder if they assume you live here long-term , not to mention other prejudices about immigrants . 
  people are still usually pretty nice with immigrants who have accents , but the standard is different than for tourists/exchange students . 
  an arab with an accent is scary . 
  an arab with a mississippi drawl ? 
  not so much . 
  a european person with an accent is sexy and exotic . 
  the old 9 button phone stroke input method still included in sogou and others is called wubihua , in case op wants to read about it . 
  yes , probably . 
  unquestionably . 
  she would definitely have detractors calling for impeachment for some reason or another . 
  we 're constantly threatening an armed rebellion , so yes . 
  probably nothing , because she was a status quo candidate who does nothing unless it 's politically expedient . 
  i think 2018 would look much better for the democrats had she won . 
  bernie drew a lot of new , progressive voters this election , who would n't otherwise have put any faith in the democratic party . 
  losing to trump has shown that that faith may have been misplaced . 
  the dems have shown themselves to be incapable of defeating an oompa-loompa or attracting and energizing a broad enough base . 
  i disagree that she would have been a better president . 
  i think she would have been just as shitty as trump , just less controversial . 
  you never * need * a teacher . 
  there are people who have learned chinese from scratch to c2 without a teacher , going from c1 to c2 in french is definitely possible . 
  it 's actually a lot simpler at a high level ( in most cases ) . 
  extensive reading , extensive listening , and lots of practice should do the trick . 
  all the comments so far say a teacher is n't necessary . 
  i was trying to be nice when i responded to op , but i agree with all the advice you gave op . 
  i think this part is especially important :, 
   you can either emigrate there , function within their societies , and also happen to work as an english teacher , or you can not go at all . 
  there is absolutely no teacher bubble like you get in asia where i live in germany . 
  none at all . 
  i 'd even go so far as to say there are more `` immigrants '' teaching than `` expats '' , in the sense that most people do n't have any foreseeable plans of going back to their home country . 
  you come here and you get a job , just like you 'd get a job , find a place to live , get health insurance etc. 
  in your own country . 
   is n't it better to watch , in the same timespan , three movies where i only understand every third word than understanding everything in one movie ? 
  both are important activities with different aims and benefits . 
  whereas watching movies straight through is an extensive activity , going through every line is an intensive activity . 
  the intro to [ this article ] ( http://latcomm.com/2011/12/what-is-intensive-listening/ ) does a good job of explaining the benefits of intensive listening . 
  extensive listening is good for improving automaticity , speed , and pronunciation , in addition to learning some new words or structures through context . 
  if you 're only understanding one in three words , you 're going to get a lot less out of context than you could , though . 
  what are the advantages of this app over using subs2srs ? 
  the video at a slower playback rate and recording your speech is n't possible with only anki , that 's true . 
  you can test writing ability with anki , though . 
  it compares what you wrote with the correct answer and points out the differences . 
  i think there 's a niche for something like this that 's more user-friendly than subs2srs , i do , but $ 99 seems like a lot to pay for convenience and some luxury features . 
  my spanish is better than it 's been in years since shadowing the lord of rings trilogy late last year . 
  shadowing is great for practicing prosody , intonation , and some of the other intangibles ( to non-linguists ) of good pronunciation . 
  you also need some of the other practice exercises you mentioned as well . 
  especially make sure you 're getting plenty of impromptu speaking practice . 
  start ? 
  i was taught it was n't really about slavery by every history teacher who covered it before i got to college . 
  ah yes , fond memories of washington trail . 
  in this case , i 'm talking about putting on an audiobook and speaking along with what you hear . 
  if it 's difficult at the beginning , you can read at the same time so you can hear yourself speaking with the audio . 
  i just put on an audiobook while i 'm doing housework and speak along with what i hear with as small a delay as possible . 
  you almost certainly wo n't be fast enough at first , especially not with spanish , but it 's great for building speed and making sure you have the muscle memory required for fluency and a good accent . 
  i do n't really know what to do with this thread since i think mcdonald 's is an evil corporation and also think that burning yourself with coffee is a personal problem . 
  jagwire or jagwaar ( rhymes with are ) . 
  i have trouble hearing the difference , but it 's one of the two . 
  so the student and teacher are n't allowed to use the books they bought in their class ? 
  that actually sounds stupid enough to be true . 
   3 ) make your own content . 
  to be honest , if you ca n't do this , you should n't be in the business .
