  i think that 's a fairly typical class schedule for a0 to b1 , maybe a little on the short side . 
  b1 is a pretty versatile level , really . 
  as long as things do n't get too technical , you can have pretty good conversations with people if they 're patient . 
  germans look at me like an idiot when i give directions using directions like north , south , east , and west . 
  i have to say what they 're turning toward ( city or landmark ) , use left or right , or they blank out on me . 
  i do n't know where op is from , but using cardinal directions when telling people how to get somewhere is extremely uncommon here . 
  it 's right up there with everyone giving distances in kilometers instead of minutes for most annoying cultural difference in giving directions . 
  what 's the problem with another country nationalizing their resources ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned they can do whatever they want besides go to war with us . 
  if it 's in their country , it 's theirs . 
  i do n't care how much money china pays for alabama , if they bought it , it still would n't be theirs . 
  nor would its resources , labor force , infrastructure , or anything else . 
  i would think its my right that my community uses our resources the way we see fit , and it would n't be stealing if we took it back . 
  i extend that belief to other nations , as well . 
  i also do n't like the tv comparison because tvs are not private property . 
  they are personal property . 
  it 's a pretty important distinction . 
   the us would n't sell a state and if they did what belonged to the purchaser would depend on the terms of the deal . 
  i disagree . 
  the deal should be void because it infringes on the natural rights of other people . 
  the same applies to selling the rights to your own land and resources . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_property#personal_versus_private_property ) is the distinction between personal and private i was talking about . 
  computers are an oft-debated fringe case that are usually personal property , but may also be productive and thus private property in some cases . 
  i think it 'd be more similar to me paying to have permanent access to a room at a bed and breakfast run out of someone 's house . 
  and no , i would n't be offended when they kicked me out . 
   as strange as a two dollar bill . 
  i 've always heard it as `` queerer than a three dollar bill '' . 
  two dollar bills are n't really that weird , are they ? 
  people have gotten most of the good ones already . 
  * as useful as tits on a boar hog ( useless ), 
  * madder 'n a wet hen ( very mad ), 
  * full/big as a tick ( very full ), 
  * too big for his britches ( high opinion of himself ), 
  * she 's so stuck up she 'd drown in a rainstorm, 
  * piss on my leg and tell me it 's raining ( lie ), 
  * ai n't got the sense god gave a billy goat ( stupid ), 
  * if i had a dog as ugly as you i 'd shave his butt and make him walk backwards, 
  * colder 'n a well-digger 's arse, 
  * since moby dick was a minner ( a long time ), 
  * older 'n methuselah, 
  * so old he was a busboy at the last supper, 
  * up a creek without a paddle ( in trouble ), 
  before i entered the house , i heard a peculiar noise i had never heard before . 
  i turned around and saw a man standing there . 
  he then said that he was my brother . 
  ( had been my brother = no longer my brother ), 
  the main narrative in a story generally uses the simple past . 
  you 're right when you say that the pluperfect describes an action that happened before another action , but the main narrative of your story is the action before which you use the pluperfect . 
   my longest boyfriend was black, 
  are we still doing phrasing ? 
  everything about the way germans drive . 
  zippering when you have to merge , sticking religiously to the right lane unless you have to pass , waiting a bit if someone is doing 240 in the left lane and they 'd have to slow down for you , generally being competent and aware of what 's going on around you . 
  the only thing i would n't keep are the traffic lights hung right above where you 're supposed to stop . 
  having to twist your neck around and lean down to look out of the window is annoying . 
  i would also keep right-turn-on-red from the us . 
  it 's wonderful . 
  i agree with you , but americans are some of the best i 've met at not interrupting . 
  there 's still a lot of room to improve , but i 'm not sure if there 's any culture that does it better . 
  are we including prescriptivist rules that never made much sense ? 
  then `` do n't end a sentence with a preposition . '', 
  i do n't have many long-term goals regarding languages . 
  i just enjoy learning . 
  i 've never been very good at setting short-term goals , either , but i 'm aiming for doing 600 hours of listening/reading with russian this year . 
  ideally i 'd like to be able to understand russian news and literature , but i 'm not sure if 600 will be enough . 
  right now i 'm on course to break 700 . 
  if i keep it up i 'll get there eventually , i reckon . 
  traditional is not universal . 
  it 's less common than simplified by a long shot . 
  traditional is used in taiwan , hong kong , and older overseas chinese communities ( especially in north america ) . 
  simplified is used in the prc , singapore , and malaysia . 
  that 's about 30 million people that use traditional , and about 1370 million that use simplified . 
  if you mean it 's a universal set , that 's also untrue because simplified has characters not found in traditional . 
  japan uses it 's own simplifications which are markedly different than both the traditional and simplified chinese script . 
  high school classes are normally structured the way their textbooks are . 
  i 'd recommend getting a textbook yourself so you can follow the same structure . 
  it would help , but the problem is that the drivers already out there are n't going to change . 
  all those things you mentioned were in my driver 's ed book ( that i never did a course for , but still ) . 
  the problem is that no matter how much i know i should n't pass on the right , there 's bound to be somebody going 10 under in the left lane who has no idea they should get over . 
  stricter enforcement is one thing that would help , and i 've heard of some states getting serious about driving in the left lane recently . 
  german cops * will * pull you over if they see you passing on the right . 
  they take the rule seriously , the population takes the rule seriously , and it really helps . 
  mandatory driver 's ed in china does n't help their traffic much because it 's a prisoner 's dilemma of sorts once the you get out on the road . 
  alabama 's not nearly that bad , but my wife gets on to me for being so passive when i drive there because i just do n't trust that other people know who has the right of way or what they 're doing in general . 
  half the time , my fear is justified . 
  if i remember the study correctly , native speakers whose dominant language does n't distinguish cases ( e.g. 
  french ) tend to drop the accusative , whereas native whose dominant language does distinguish the accusative ( e.g. 
  german , russian ) tend not to drop the - n. 
  if you do n't feel like reading 20 pages , check out the chart on page 12 . 
  [ here is a pdf ] ( http://www.cogsci.ucsd.edu/~bkbergen/papers/nejcl.pdf ) . 
  that 's a bold claim . 
  we 're here discussing what 's right and wrong , and you tell me i have no sense of right and wrong . 
  i clearly do , it 's just not the same as yours . 
  i have a problem with governments ( or businesses ) selling land or oil out from under people 's feet . 
  that 's wrong . 
  you may disagree , but i clearly have a position on this issue , which contradicts your statement that i have no sense of right and wrong . 
  also , claiming someone has no sense of right and wrong because of political differences seems counterproductive . 
  i disagree with pretty much everything the democrats do ever , but i do n't think they 're amoral people in general ( some of them sure , but not as a rule ) . 
  i just think they 're wrong . 
  that 's a much more productive position to have , because discussing values is much more likely to yield results than assuming the person you 're talking to has no values at all . 
   if ones aim is to learn modern culture only , and prc culture only , one could more safely ignore traditional chinese scripts .
