  sure , but that does n't mean they speak whatever it is they speak at a professional level ( especially the ~ 10 % who are functionally illiterate ) , which is a product of education as much as language ability . 
  and that 's what cefr measures : language ability for professional use . 
  which is part of why the whole scale is inapplicable . 
  hdfdk, 
  read the sentence . 
  think about how i 'd say it in english . 
  not unlike any other kind of translation . 
  i do n't know if the armor was inspired by that model specifically , but the samurai influence in general was unexpected and looked really cool . 
  cynismus is cassiod . 
  hist . 
  7 , 2. , apparently . 
  sceptici appears in quint . 
  10 , 1 , 124. , but lewis and short does n't say anything about scepticismus . 
  wikipedia uses scepticismus , for what it 's worth . 
  english spelling is rather complex , with its irregular spelling . 
  why do n't they change it ? 
  short version is , because a billion chinese people use chinese characters every day , and it 'd be a huge pain to change it . 
  and what would they gain ? 
  why would an phonetic system be superior to a logosyllabic system ? 
  but why would they ? 
  what would they gain ? 
  china does n't really have a literacy problem right now . 
  it 's doing quite well for its development level . 
  that 's true . 
  it would save time for school children . 
  after all the textbooks were rewritten , the teachers were retrained , all the signs and menus were replaced , it would save the children time . 
  so far that 's proven not nearly enough to make everyone want to relearn to read and write . 
  i use a fountain pen with an extra fine nib . 
  here are some letters/combos that may not be pronounced obviously to an english speaker , assuming they 're using pinyin , which not everyone does . 
  since you 're not actually trying to learn chinese , i 'll use closest equivalents in american english . 
  chinese name | pronounced like, 
  x | sh, 
  zh | j as in jump, 
  ku * | qu as in queen, 
  eng | ung as in rung, 
  ao | ou as in loud, 
  ui | whey like the bread, 
  u | oo as in too, 
  ai | eye, 
  ou | ow as in blow, 
  ei | ay as in play, 
  e ( without other vowels ) | uh, 
  yu | the french u ( / y / ) , if you can do that, 
  that last vowel is hard to approximate in english . 
  it could also be dzuh , tsuh , ruh , suh . 
  this is just meant as a quick guide to get a general sense of how to pronounce a chinese name as best an english speaker can without learning chinese sounds . 
  i 'm sure i forgot some things , but that should get most of the biggest `` not even close '' moments . 
  when i say the english word long , it sounds somewhere between chinese lang and long , but closer to lang to my ear . 
  i thought about this when i was making it though , because i realized i 'd probably use `` long '' for chinese `` lang '' and `` long '' , which are obviously different . 
  my standard accent is n't perfect , though , especially because for some reason i learned it without the vowel in caught despite having it in my native dialect , which i think ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) some people use in the word long . 
  yeah sorry , i should have stuck to english . 
  would a dictionary work for your purposes ? 
  you can look up words in pinyin on mdbg or pleco ( or others , but those are the ones i use ) . 
  machine translation between english and chinese does n't do so well even with characters . 
  where ? 
  which chart ? 
  which site ? 
  i was n't really looking for anything to begin with . 
  did you reply to the wrong comment ? 
   i think if we just started teaching dialectal materialism at schools , socialism would come around a lot quicker . 
  you do n't say . 
   bad etiquette, 
  what part was the bad etiquette ? 
   and you expect them to have the time , interest , and energy to do that even more extra research necessary to understand socialism ... why ? 
  i do n't , it 's our job to educate and promote socialism among the working class . 
   those are the people we should be targeting , not the hipsters joining the group yelling ` cuck ' unironically every five minutes . 
  assuming that trump supporters are hipsters yelling cuck is an example of the general smugness and dismissiveness that drives the working class away . 
  the fact that they 're driven away from democrats does n't bother me all too much , but we need to make sure we do n't make the same mistakes . 
  when i speak english , tongue sounds most like chinese < teng  . 
  long is not closer to chinese long for me , because i pronounce long in english as / l\u0251\u014b / . 
  you probably pronounce it as / l\u0254\u014b / , which is why it sounds closer to chinese long to you , but closer to lang for me . 
   honor, 
   feelings, 
  i ca n't imagine why china has soft power problems when it 's so worried about everyone hurting its feewings . 
  i know these statements are intended mostly for internal audiences , but all that does is help create and support a victim complex that is extremely dangerous for one of the strongest powers in the world to have . 
  it 's like the christians in the us thinking they 're persecuted , despite being the most powerful , dominant group . 
  what is it supposed to mean ? 
  of course western propaganda does this stuff , but china 's strong enough that it does n't have to be bothered by it any more than the us is bothered by chinese propaganda . 
   when one country puts out enough propaganda that the people from that country when they immigrate , in large numbers end up hating their own blood , then there is a problem . 
  i completely agree . 
  this applies to propaganda regarding non-white non-immigrants as well . 
   the problem that chinese face is that the government has put their head in the sand regarding these issues for way too long . 
  its good that they are starting to bite back . 
  laws like this are n't biting back , they 're complaining about being victimized . 
  poor china , so victimized . 
  if china were producing great media that appealed to people regardless of race and wresting international media dominance away from the us , that would be biting back . 
  every other country in the world hears articles like this as `` waah waah waah '' . 
   so yeah , wake the hell up if you are chinese , if you are n't , then fuck me , you have no idea how it feels to be assailed by western bullshit from childhood to working life . 
  yep , chinese people are definitely the * only * people put down by western propaganda . 
  get real , american media is white-centric , anglo-centric , euro-centric , whatever you want to call it . 
  it reinforces that view of the world at the expense of every other group of people , either by negative portrayals or complete omission . 
  china can learn from this , see how it affects them , and provide a better alternative that challenges american media hegemony , or china can complain about america hurting its feelings , and the rest of the world can shake their head . 
  letting people born as men participate in sex-segregated sports as women defeats the point of segregating the sports to begin with . 
  there are a number of reasons why women generally do n't grow up to be the fastest runners , the strongest lifters , the best chess players , the best starcraft players , etc. , and women 's leagues are designed for those people . 
  scarlett is a woman by gender now , and that 's great and power to her , but letting transwomen compete it women 's sports is letting all the competitive advantages of being male ( biological or otherwise ) into women 's spaces , which is n't particularly fair or sporting . 
   we can agree to disagree though . 
  you 're discussing science , not whether or not you liked a movie . 
   like taking hormones and shit so would n't that make that argument moot ? 
  your body does n't just go back and undo all the developing it did as a male . 
  hormones change your body , but they do n't turn back time or undo your experiences before presenting as a female .
