  so ... ... poles are jews !, 
  today , on 1918 , the republic of latvia declared independence from someone . 
  because the us is number one . 
  we must compare any country to the us . 
  well , they have the point . 
  just imagine the situation : an us citizen goes to france and suddenly is abducted by german agents by some laughable accusations . 
  how can he be a king of poland if he is poland ? 
  this corbusier is mad . 
  he put all the buildings in the line , like ... a street ? 
  true corbusier would just drop them randomly here and there , it 's how you create a garden city . 
  i do n't think there is some afterlife , so i just enjoy the fact i 'll meet my old age in the world where all people can talk to each other , even though in some barbaric and primitive language . 
  celebrate the golden age . 
  unity is so huge advantage that we all only win from this and be much happier when it 'll be finally done . 
  even if it means sacrifice of our cultures . 
  it 's not some france here . 
  but is schroder so bad to call him like that ? 
  why does it annoy people so much ? 
  german leaders are good managers !, 
  they achieved great successes while being in russia 's board . 
  but why ? 
  why colorado of all places ? 
  they are all geographically in asia , to south of caucasus ridge . 
  azerbaijan is also culturally asian while armenia that spent most of its history controlled by great asian powers like persia can be considered so too . 
  queue ? 
   these people will all have a laugh when their retirement comes . 
  same for spain . 
  these people will get no bloody cent for their work . 
  there will be no pensions in 2050s . 
  come here , my little eastern europe , let me hug you . 
  there is a difference between multipolar and bipolar world however . 
  a bipolar world is just two camps ready to destroy each other . 
  and it 's what almost happened in reality - it 's just a miracle we all did n't die in thermonuclear war . 
  the most stable situation is as always three equally strong powers . 
  in this case anyone who attacks other side will become a victim of the third rejoicing and therefore will attack no one . 
  that 's exactly why the orwell 's world is separated into three superstates - he needed to write absolutely stable dystopia , the eternal one . 
  oh , common , guys , that 's just the alternative flag in the case your country changes its political system . 
  the danish , russian and belgian flags for example are what they changed to when fascists come to rule . 
  maybe because not all those russians are calling it gayrope ? 
   how do you start a country ? 
  you get some friends , some swords , some chain mails and beat everyone who does n't obey to death . 
  chicken , ham and pineapples the best topping ever, 
   waiting for pis fans to defend this move ... a girl with such a face must have a good job at least . 
  who 'll even check those codes instead of simply not buying any dutch eggs ? 
  you think so, 
  you mean she sucked kurt 's one ? 
  one of his tombs, 
  though you paddle to home with a shower . 
  and the us is going to afghanistan where the circle closes itself . 
  maybe he is just very strong . 
  do you see other people on the photo ? 
  that 's because they already froze to death . 
   the war on the people of russia and the empire started on november 7 ( new style ) 2017 shit , must get ammo and stewed beef . 
  it 's an irony that georgia and armenia are n't in europe while chechnya , ingushetia and dagestan are . 
  beria was like an angel compared to his predecessors . 
  * happy * fashionable * pretty germanness confirmed . 
  the globe of poland, 
  swiss army ? 
  looks like traditional jewish dance to me . 
  you call moscow moscow though . 
  do n't worry , he suffers from schizophasia , he does n't even understand what he says . 
  it 's random sounds . 
  philosophers still dispute if he has conscience or a zombie that just imitates a living human . 
  it did n't stop britain . 
  why ? 
  is black paint somehow associated with people with black skin ? 
  programmer : both hunter and prey . 
  nah , just php inheritance . 
  reference error : $ kbg is not defined, 
  there 's more problems than just no sunshine in croatia it seems . 
  i mean , probably you did n't notice it but ... you have the fucking floating mountain over your coast . 
  damn , poles ... just put your government and kaczynsky on a plane to smolensk . 
  i thought they 'd use red cloth . 
  but where is my laika , beautiful laika ? 
  laws in russia are implemented not to ban anyone from doing something but to have a possibility to ban someone when it 's needed . 
  i wait that the system will eventually reach its limit and develop a perfect law of this kind - a ban to breath . 
  do n't worry turkey , we will give you election rights and other freedoms including kebab . 
  but germany took their missiles from turkey . 
  yes , it 's just they did n't conquer it . 
  varangians conquer nothing . 
  they were invited because it was better to live under some foreigner 's rule than obey to * that * asshole . 
  they are poles . 
  it also explains the dialogue . 
  all those who tried to conquer russia died miserably . 
  caesar did n't . 
  though he died anyway . 
  russia is very strong . 
   so the greeks adapted the vokativ from the romans ? 
  greece launched the massive nuclear retaliation attack against japan . 
  it could be worse . 
  look at northern africa . 
  really can see why it was considered to be avalon . 
  i do not support self-determinism . 
  i can . 
   why not actually let the people of odessa decide ? 
  well , for example because people of odessa live in the conditions of a hostile state that will not pity any money for propaganda or direct action to make them decide what they , small number of vip separatists , not people of odessa , want . 
  to let them decide firstly there must be no tv that screams since 00:00 to 00:00 what 's the right decision of people of odessa , no vigilantes burning people , there must be a lot of things ( or to be precise , there must be not ) . 
   out of curiosity , what ukrainian cities/regions do you consider russian ? 
  any that were colonized by russian settlers during the reign of catherine the great and had no population before that . 
  i think , lev tolstoy wrote it very convincingly how wars start from the lowest point in the chain of responsibility up to the high command . 
  nothing to add to it and i do n't agree with an opinion popular here , for example that the great war started because some royals had those days .
