  but other people notice , that at the every remembrance of the word `` russian '' this man by some reason starts to choke with saliva and intensively shake his head . 
  not very convincing . 
  let me explain it in simpler terms . 
  do n't feel sorry for russia , feel sorry for you . 
  liars are bad people , people do n't like liars . 
  do n't be a liar , be a good boy , always say truth . 
  millions of people live in suburbs , it does n't stop them again . 
  even the absolutely unqualified force like guards and street cleaners gets more . 
  i do not said that you lied in the comment i first replied too . 
  i said that you need to stop lie because of political agenda if you want your opinion would matter something . 
  an opinion can not be a lie , neither yours nor anybody 's . 
  the problem is that you also write facts that do n't correlate with the objective reality . 
  that 's what is called ` lie ' . 
  people who are ready to work for 8k do n't deserve better . 
  majority still somehow manages to find normally paid job . 
  you need to stop lie because of political agenda before your opinion matters . 
  it was the nuclear war of 1880 that burned all the trees , but now they have grown again . 
  the old good `` no , you '' argument . 
  everyone who stood at euromaidan is a useful idiot . 
  the financing supposes other spends and outcomes than buying cannon fodder . 
  how ? 
  countries want nothing . 
  you need a brain to want something . 
  countries are abstract things , they have no brain . 
  so it presents truth . 
  even though it looks like socialistic shit , it is an almost inevitable thing for the age of robots and all the countries will start it soon or later . 
  in my games there are always ten-twelve states in those territories . 
  or , if i play as muscowy , one , but it 's not some `` commonwealth '' . 
  start it on ukraine . 
  wait , wales is a country ? 
  is n't it an english county ? 
   fake account . 
  no this account is pretty real . 
  and russia is far from the only thing i post about i wonder if they write in your instructions `` try to look like real men , write something about portugal between propaganda posts '' . 
  as i understand , he means it was the worst russian movie on imdb in the common rating of all films , thanks to americans who saw that on mystery science theater 3000 , without understanding even basic things , like why the hut has chicken legs and what the sorceress lives there . 
  ps still shit film in my opinion . 
  because norway never had the dutch disease . 
  of course , if to remember that arabs are semites . 
  navalny does n't exist after the crimea question . 
  in political sense he is dead meat . 
  josef stalin is a name of the series of heavy soviet tanks of wwii years . 
  stalin played hoi . 
  do n't true croatians use `` chai '' ? 
  well . 
  russian writer paustovsky was really a soviet writer paustovsky , and like all soviet writers , was a big prostitute . 
  so , there 's no wonder , he imagined some yunkers with eyes full of cocain ( maybe in cocain delirium himself ) . 
  sergei ivanovich mamontov , who despite ` russian writer ' paustovsky wrote his memoirs in the truly free country , has the other opinion about authorship of the phrase . 
  what is satire ? 
  `` hit jews - save russia . 
  khokhols listened and said that the idea is ok , but the target sucks . '', 
  by the way , it is not `` a russian proverb '' but the sentence of nestor ivanovich makhno , the ukrainian anarchist who tried to create his own state on the territory of modern ukraine in the age of russian civil war . 
  those penis wookiees . 
  it is not some good and wise politicians . 
  it is some cunning and sly politicians that promote themselves with scandalous obviously stupid projects ( while adding popularity among some fundamentalists and other marginals ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41orrx/crimeans_want_more_love_from_russia/cz46uu6 ) is the link to the comment where i tried to explain how much exactly it does and why . 
  there are shortages . 
  crimean morning peak of power consumption is 1100mw , it normally produces about 20 % of its own consumption , so about 220mw . 
  currently all the generators that were contained exactly for the situation like that are on and generate about 200mw . 
  in december 2 2015 one power line from kuban to crimea was opened , it gave 220mw . 
  another one with the same power was opened in december 15 2015 . 
  so , the current power budget of crimea is 220 + 200 + 220 * 2 = 860mw against 1100mw of consumption on the peak . 
  those 240mw of deficit were covered by ukraine 's supplies through the old lines ( after one of them was repaired ) . 
  but ukraine stopped it , broke the contract with russia and demanded new one , where it will be written that crimea is the part of ukraine . 
  putin ordered the poll of crimeans about the choice of two : signing the contract in the way ukraine wants it or suffering from those missing 240mw until july 2016 when another two lines will be opened , both 220mw . 
  now , about what is suffering . 
  as 1100mw is the morning peak , really it is a bit lower . 
  the government started the power economy program and stopped electric vehicles like trolleys instead doting petrol ones . 
  as the witnesses say it is about 2-3 hours of blackouts per 2-3 days . 
  it can be checked , for example , there : http://sevstar.net/article/3890 ( one of sevastopol providers uses its own hardware to create an interactive map of power access in sevastopol ) . 
  i do n't know if russia would , but i would easily . 
  ten referendums , a hundred , a thousand , only pay . 
   say you live in uk your entire life but you have dual citizenship . 
  if you get arrested , you have no rights to contact the consulate because you are russian . 
  sounds very fascist . 
  i thought the uk is a democratic country . 
  of course . 
  i would n't mind it too . 
  if people want to see 90 % thing again they can see it , the only problem is money any state spends to hold such a big act like a referendum . 
  so , why not ? 
  there are also another ideas for referendums . 
  for example , will the us be a federation or a confederation ? 
  is slavery forbidden in the us or allowed ? 
  the important question , what if some minorities in the us have their own opinion about it ? 
  we * must * know . 
  however , it ai n't gon na happen . 
  it is the example of how the information war goes . 
  this article is formally right , though it chooses the facts to show and shows them in the specific order to create the opinion that is totally opposite to reality . 
  i can repeat you again , electricity is up and running since december 20 , 2015 , you can find as much links to articles of honorific western newspapers that prove the opposite , but reality will be the same . 
  what i said is fact , it can be easily checked . 
  this article just has no facts that relate to the topic and it can be easily checked as well . 
  it is good when you know what you are talking about when you talk . 
  once you are russian you can have another citizenship . 
  sadly , almost all comments in this thread ( including that one that started the branch ) have the same correlation with reality as your one . 
  electricity is up and running since december 20 , 2015 . 
  gladly , if the us will pay for it . 
  it 's probably because of the role rivers ( and riverboats ) had in medieval russia . 
  from bismarck to merkel in 145 years, 
  niemcy = those who are mute ( do n't speak the language ) . 
  the common name for any foreigners , it just stuck up to germans , as default western europeans . 
  i just wonder .
