  serfdom in russia ( and slavery ) smoothly shrinked maximum to xiii century . 
  than , back in xviii century it was reanimated in prussia ( and russia that copied its administration politics from there ) for solving the problems of xviii century . 
  i would say imperialism = matter of survivalism in almost any cases . 
  imperialism is the answer to expansion of other countries . 
  the answer that says `` die today for me dying tomorrow '' . 
  in xviii century poland was separated once by once not only because of pathological hate to poland or strict demand for its oil but to prevent other empires from taking more . 
  so ... no matter , if you have good intentions or bad , if you want to create a sphere of influence , include other countries into your orbit or even conquer it - it 's imperialism . 
  i think the mistake there is europeans have a strict opinion that imperialism is an obscene word , something civilized gentlemen do n't do . 
  serfdom is not more a fault , russian or someone 's else , than enlightened absolutism . 
  by our standards it 's not humane enough , but for its time it was even the `` modern '' technology of administration . 
  the key difference between slavery and serfdom is serfs * are not * slaves . 
  they are attached to land and a `` landlord '' , but they are not a someone 's property . 
  they have human rights , they can have private property ( except , well , land ) . 
  they have no right to free movement , but they can manage their lives on its own , they can not be separated from their family . 
  if they are moved , they must be compensated with another land path , tools or cattle they need . 
  that 's the difference . 
  serfs are not things . 
  slavery existed in russia too , it was fully banned to 1723 , earlier than in some western european countries . 
  so poland has its own imperial dreams that sleep somewhere in the deeps of poles hearts . 
  by the way , what is the meaning of words `` from sea to sea '' ? 
  i know the polish point of view . 
  and i am a man who truly hates communism ( as a specific historical ideology and regimes it established , at least ) and soviet union as well . 
  but i can not agree with polish idea it was equally as bad as nazi germany . 
  even in the darkest times is was n't even near . 
  gulag was a prison for millions , but it can not be compared to `` factories of death '' . 
  soviets were applying inhumane disgusting methods of training sportsmen , but it can not be compared to medical experiments nazis did . 
  and it can be applied to the case of poland . 
  stalin did horrible things , but after he died by his own death or by help of others , it was not as bad , dark and hopeless , i think , as poles see it . 
  poles became much poorer than they could be because of socialist economics , they did n't have sovereignty , they were humiliated by covering secrets of stalin 's crimes . 
  but comparing it to the full extinction ( because of genocide or forced germanization ) ? 
  i have my doubts there . 
  i would even dare to say a mutinous thing for any pole , but ... no , i will not dare . 
  what the interesting cutted-by-the-sea snow peaks you have in italy . 
   because apparently there were people living there , having their own civilization before russia annexed it ? 
  i speak not about crimea but novorossia region . 
  though it is possible to say also russia colonized crimea as well . 
  when settled civilizations invade nomadic ones , the latter can not resist because their density is much lower . 
  it is what actually happened in the beginning of russia history . 
  as it is well known , all the territories of central russia were settled by finno-ugric tribes . 
  slavs that moved to these lands were agrarians , while finno-ugric people were still hunters and gatherers . 
  so they vanished peacefully in slav population , as it was about 100:1 proportion of populations . 
  i have heard lithuanians who are n't satisfied russians have stolen * their * lands ( though true finns keep silentness ) . 
  they are not very right , of course , as their ancestors are still ancestors of russians too ( even though for 1 % ) . 
  the same happened in crimea . 
  crimean tatars of xvii century , of course , is a much developed society . 
  though russian empire of xvii century is n't a viii century slav tribe too . 
   and the same `` slavery '' argument which you are using to diminish the tatar civilization can be made with the glorious russian serfdom system . 
  as i specially noticed , i did n't try to diminish anyone . 
  maybe it was n't clear , my english is n't perfect , but that 's what i meant . 
  slavery ( more precisely slave trading ) is what crimean tatars did , it is a historical fact , and after all , crimean tatars are the ones we can thank for in english the words `` slave '' and `` slav '' are so close . 
  i referred it to explain why the territories of south ukraine were empty before russian empire started to colonize it . 
   crimea was annexed for the first time by russian empire in 1783 , serfdom was abolished much later . 
  and the last but not least , serfdom is n't slavery . 
  it is actually an european idea that was borrowed by catherine the great from her homeland germany . 
  in philippines then , if we talk about analogy with poland . 
  probably . 
  but i make another point . 
  let 's for a second drop russian theme . 
  you can build a memorial to harry s. truman as a winner of wwii . 
  or you can build a memorial to harry s. truman as a man responsible for torturous deaths of thousands japanese in nuclear fire . 
  the last act would be horrific , of course , nobody can dispute it . 
  but there is a memorial to harry s. truman , the murderer of japanese ? 
  or those are memorials to harry s. truman , the president of the usa who ended wwii ? 
  the same difference is there . 
  are there memorials in poland that are built to glorify the heroic deed of soviet soldiers attacking and occupying poland in 1939 . 
  knowing soviet union , i believe that there are probably some . 
  and knowing poles i do n't think any of them still exist . 
  such things would be destroyed immediately after getting the freedom , and that 's good . 
  that 's what we would expect from any nation that is spitted in the face . 
  though i think it 's not as bad and these memorials the talking is about , especially in 2010s , not 1990s are to soldiers who fought with nazi germany in 1944-1945 . 
  yes , yes , there are different people , different opinions , different realities . 
  your one is where k\u00f6ningsberg had been restituted to germany . 
  how is life there ? 
  does soviet union still exist ? 
  it 's because there is bad education in ukraine . 
  it 's impossible to found a geographic object . 
  but russians founded taurida ( as an adminstrative object of russian empire ) . 
  there is a lot of crimean tatars cities in crimea . 
  there is even more russian cities in crimea that were built from the scratch after adding crimea to russian empire ( you can easily recognize them by greek names - it was popular in the days they were found ) . 
   ... and fighting the polish underground state . 
  and murdering the polish resistance . 
  and occupying poland for 45 years afterwards . 
  but you see , those are not memorials to fighters against polish underground state . 
  and not memorials to murderers of polish resistance . 
  and not occupants of poland for 45 years . 
  those are memorials to fighters against nazi germany . 
  at least in imagination of those russians who build their opinion about poles based on that . 
  polish position does n't help there . 
  polish position is all memorials are built in memory of war criminals who stabbed polish officers in the back . 
  because russians ( in imagination of poles , as far as i can judge their imagination based on their doings ) are sadists whose target in the life to torture poles . 
  they invade poland , build a lot of memorials glorifying the mass killings of poles by electrocutting their genitalia and then somehow do n't appropriate poles reaction . 
  what a stupid people . 
  all russian memorials are always built to enjoy the memory of mass murdering poles in most painful ways . 
  you see , my personal problem in communicating with poles is they talk with me like i am a russian war criminal who have murdered members of polish resistance . 
  i can have my own opinion of communism , soviet union , russian war criminals and polish resistance . 
  it can agree or not agree with polish position . 
  but it has no importance . 
  russians ( en masse ) see that poles try to somehow desecrate memorials to their grandfathers who died fighting nazi germany . 
  and vice versa , poles do not even try to show it somehow differently as desecrating the graves . 
  poles do not wait to tell that 1 ) they do n't like russians , 2 ) russians must repent more , curwa , 3 ) memorials are just ugly and we in poland just laugh at how ugly they are .
