   well , germany surrendered unconditionally on the 8th , the 9th was a repetition of the surrender act to accommodate the soviets . 
  the treaty was signed 22:43 pm by central european time . 
  in moscow it was 0:43 am of the next day . 
  do n't worry turkey , at least you did vote . 
  actually , the average human body volume is about 70 liters . 
  paris ' population is close to 10,500,000 people . 
  their summary volume is 735,000 cubic meters , so any building with size of at least 147x250m and height no less than 20m can fit all the paris . 
   estimates of the numbers of german women raped by soviet soldiers have ranged up to 2 million . 
  the number was calculated in this way . 
  firstly , the statistics of some berlin hospital was taken and the amount of women giving the births during the period to be calculated . 
  then it was determined which percent of those women called a russian as a father . 
  something about from ten to fifteen percents , i believe . 
  then they took the number of all german women living in soviet occupation zone from 16 to ... um , 60 ? 
  and multiplied it by this percent , giving the number of 2 million . 
   did the soviet union defeat nazi germany all alone then ? 
  though the soviet union is the only allied country that defeated it 9 of may . 
   oh i see u are russian ... `` bombanulo '' xd yeah . 
  russians traditionally give big esteem to science . 
  seeing people who totally refuse any idea of knowledge and even try to spread their obscurantism further is painful . 
   you have the right to your wrong opinion . 
  you have the right to put your opinion about wrongness of my opinion deep in any of your body 's cavities as long as my opinion is based on facts and yours on `` u wrong ! 1 '' . 
  in reality the act of capitulation was signed by german side may 8 10:43 pm gmt +0100 that is the same time as may 9 00:43 am gmt +0300 . 
  i think you have no future , pal . 
  so it becomes very humane and totally not a crime . 
  we must apply this logic to justice and use preventive death sentences . 
  you must turn to and back another six times . 
  then wait . 
  maybe you 'll start to see future in the end . 
   no serious western historian denies the dresden firestorms or the atom bombing of hiroshima actually happened . 
  because serious western historians know that atom bombings were an act of great justice that saved both americans and japanese from the senseless slaughter . 
   you 're just throwing a tantrum i throw a tantrum because people call me a liar and a psychopath , talk about how i dream and defend torture of children and worse of that , mutilation , mutilation , mutilation , damn it . 
  do n't you see , it 's not me who is mutilated here . 
  you are the mutilated here , and you all with your precious foreskin that can not be touched until the end of ages , sixth fingers and tails and third nipples . 
  you have nothing common with the world of science and rationalism , you are ready to sentence people to death in the case they have something opposite to your sights on ideal perfectness of human body , and therefore it 's you to place with psychopaths who believe human body was created ideal by god and are ready to murder for their opinions . 
  you are crippled and you call me mutilated , you preach isis teachings and call me a psychopath , that , yes , that throws me into tantrum . 
  i am personally ashamed that there are people who use somewhat good and idealistic position to justify their wish to hate . 
  i look to the day when people like you will live where similar to them live . 
  currently it is somewhere between syria and iraq . 
  because mutilation is a loud word used by opponents of circumcision to make their position right . 
  vaccination is mutilation too for some people , they feel themselves very proud when defending their point of view . 
  they are not against something bad , you see , it 's mutilation as the enemy !, 
  i 'd suggest to go further . 
  why to call it mutilation ? 
  let 's just call it hitler . 
  by mohs scale of evil hitler is definitely worser than mutilation . 
  just listen how it sounds : the idea of hitler all infants . 
  sweet !, 
  and with anestethic . 
  no , i do n't think jewish priests must suck all babies penises without anestethic . 
  probably , actual doctors will do it better - with their own decision to use anestethics or not . 
  however , i must note that a dick of a healthy adult male and ... well , a newborn 's cock is two different things as any male here seeing how his thing grows and turns into a device of torture and destruction perfectly knows . 
  it is a complex organ having a lot of blood vessels that becomes especially sensitive during lifetime , and yeah , it demands some strong narcosis to make such an operation . 
  for an adult . 
  newborns suffer it much more easily and there are significantly lesser risks . 
  so , it 's obvious to anyone now that if this maximizes the quality of life and easier to do in early age , then it must be mandatory and done in early age . 
  i am glad that you revealed my lies about this horrific , horrific mutilation made by my orthodox jew muslim parents who mutilated me forever , giving the shame from all the girls who do n't like bulges on penises and when the partner does n't cum in first two minutes . 
  now exposed i will go into a corner and cry about this lost smegma piece of happiness . 
  because a human body is sacred , it 's a temple of nature . 
  phymosis does n't talk . 
  my doctor then . 
   most men dont actually shave their armpit hair and their other hair too . 
  that does n't change all these hairs are to make you smell that can be good for a cave man but not so for a modern one . 
   youre still performing an unnecessary procedure without the consent of the child . 
  as well as vaccines . 
  these children grow into enemies of vaccines at all but god , they 've never asked for this and still got it , their organism is breached . 
  such a violation of their rights . 
   it should only be done when the child is old enough to give his consent or if theres a medical condition that makes it necessary . 
  when the child is old enough he will need a dangerous operation and general anesthetic ( that 's harmful by itself ) . 
  while in his baby stage even a lusty medieval rabbi can do this with one bite . 
  so circumcision is worse than penis removal . 
  comparing clitoral reduction and circumcision is like comparing fingernail cutting and cutting an arm . 
  sorry , pals , your armpit hair can be beautiful as the lord himself , it 's still atavism made only to make you smell and needs to be removed . 
  so is your foreskin . 
  of course , adults have right to do anything they want , keep their foreskin , go into a forest , live by amish laws . 
  it does n't give them the right to spoil children ' quality of life . 
  i 'm personally triggered with how many people call circumcision disgusting . 
  not only it should n't be banned , it must be mandatory and done by default to every male newborn . 
  it 's awesome . 
  actually it 's the principle of lampedusa . 
  everything must be changed for everything to be remained same . 
   this is too good to be true . 
  and the cafes are opened since 4 to 5pm . 
  at first they were the first line . 
   doctors to decide doctors in my military enlistment committee approve this comment . 
  do n't rush things , ireland , you are n't russia yet . 
  yes . 
  and i just drink a shot for that my ancestors were n't ignorant nationalists and therefore i can live in a normal human month of may instead of some zhukhlen . 
  seagulls are definitely dangerous . 
  they are useless and spread diseases . 
  chinese is n't a world language and will never be , because it 's not used anywhere except china . 
  and will never be in the future . 
  actually , it 's not even needed to chinese themselves as it 's only a lingua franca to connect chinese speaking in their native languages . 
  chinese by itself is a good example of `` how to make a language so nobody will wish to learn it ever '' . 
  and spanish is obviously the best for the world language with its simple ( not to say primitive ) phonetics , orthography , actual structure to control its development ( and plants to make it even more ideal and simpler ) , good dictionary and relatively simple rules spoiled only by its complex tense system and subjunctive . 
  however , spaniards did all possible and impossible to lose everything and muchas gracias to them that our current choice is between cordial reception and hearty welcome in queues to anglosphere and ai-haveau-tooaux-mu ` chee-le-letterser language . 
  i started to read your book and found it 's for enrique . 
  damn . 
  where to find a grammar manual for alex ? 
   the finance minister is accused of using legal loopholes to avoid paying taxes so skilled in finances . 
  i do n't get it .
