  how will the subjects of the empire be called ? 
  but there was no soviets in vii century . 
   so the autocratic leader not elected by the people that was catherine the great was a legitimate russian leader and her treaties are good and valid . 
  the autocratic leader not properly elected by the people that was boris the drunk was not a legitimate leader and his treaties are worthless . 
  both statements ca n't be true at the same time . 
  and they are n't !, 
  one statement is true in 1760s , the other is true in 1990s . 
   about the treaties being unlawful and unjust . 
  obviously they were completely legal , which can not be said of the unilateral termination of said treaties done in 2014 . 
  however , putin has a claim to legitimize his breaking of this treaty , he put it immediately after the events , that the treaty was signed by the other government of the other state . 
  by taking the power and refusing to admit their inheritance with the previous rule , current ukrainian regime has automatically broken the treaty . 
  it is a weak claim , but it can be proven if someone wishes ( russia probably wishes ) . 
   can your new country supply you with the necessities of life such as electric power without depending on an enemy state for supply ? 
  well maybe one should approach this whole referendum to jump in a different boat more carefully . 
  even in the times of the referendum it was understandable that the new infrastructure will be not created immediately , and the next 4-5 years will be harsh ones . 
  actually , the consequences became understandable for everyone more than an year ago , ukrainians blocked transport , water and power again not once . 
  it only every time happened for them to realize that they depending on the enemy terroristic state of russia to survive as well , as crimea depends on them . 
  that 's the whole gambit that pro-ukrainian supporters never want to see , and that 's why this fucking crisis , that finally ended , happened at first : the government of ukraine could n't break the deal by its own initiative and radicals just blew up the lines . 
  crimean residents now have power . 
  wow . 
  he is a british and i understand every his word perfectly . 
   this ... makes no sense . 
  when did no one dispute the claim ? 
  at the time of the crimean war ? 
  not before , not at the time , not after the crimean war . 
  nobody had taken the question of who owns crimea after its conquering , even though there were many possibilities to dispute that . 
  it strengthens the russian claim . 
   the leaders of the russian federation signed those accords . 
  the democratically elected leaders of the russian federation . 
  the leader of the russian federation has taken the power through a coup d'etat , using the private army to paralyze soviet structures and communications . 
  two years after he used tank forces to shoot the parliament . 
  three years after he lost the elections and the winner trembling with fear publicly claimed that it was a joke and he actually is not a winner . 
   referendums are a consultation and not binding in any normal country on this planet . 
  what referendums decide is relevant only for populist politics and not legally binding in any way . 
  it 's when you use it as a populist instrument to solve the problems like `` will we pay germany its debt '' . 
  it is different when the question is about the nation itself , its existence and its constitution . 
   i see that you are very flexible with facts . 
  well , all this branch started from you showing the wonderful flexibility in your opinion to people of crimea and some other people ( passengers of mh17 , for example ) . 
   no matter whether you agree or not , russia signed binding agreements . 
  the elected , officially recognized successive governments of russia signed official treaties and then went back and spit on them , saying that they did n't really mean what they signed . 
  yes , and it has broken it . 
  it is bad . 
  but as it was unlawful and unjust , it is good . 
  it 's the problem of the current political regime that can not denounce it officially , not russia 's . 
   weeeeeell . 
  the russian federation has signed a few treaties since then that supersede the one between the russian empire and the ottomans . 
  however , even after crimean war exactly in this place , nobody disputed the claim of russia . 
   the ukrainian declaration of independence was recognized on december 2nd 1991 by the russian federation . 
   the budapest memorandum on security assurances was signed by the russian federation on december 5th 1994 . 
   the partition treaty on the status and conditions of the black sea fleet was signed by the russian federation on may 28th 1997 . 
  and those , who signed all this from the side of russian federation , have no right to do that . 
  in 1991 they 've ignored the results of referendums ( including the one specifically in crimea ) . 
  in both 1994 and 1997 the government was already illegitimate because of its actions in 1993 and 1996 . 
  but it was ignored by west then , and putin who did nothing even comparable to this is the enemy of democracy number one . 
   crimea was not native russian land , it was a russian conquered territory with the same status as any occupied land . 
  crimea was not native russian land , it was a russian conquered territory . 
  russia has a lot of territories that were conquered . 
  russian claim to this land is the peace treaty with osman empire , it is infinitely times more than ukraine has . 
  no , it 's crimeans thank god that ukraine will let them suffer under russian occupation and not take them back . 
  thank god . 
  of course they will be very thankful . 
  for ukrainians it is a strange land , useless rock without power , great ukraine must leave these barren wastelands to stupid wretched moskals . 
  ukrainians do not deserve keeping this shit in their beautiful country . 
  ukrainians already did all to cut crimea from ukraine , and thanks them for that . 
   in a few years crimea will beg ukraine to forgive them and take them back . 
  in a few years there will be no ukraine . 
   somehow history has recorded this differently . 
  it is recorded that crimea was a thriving place with rich cities and culture . 
  it is because you talk about crimea , not the black sea coast . 
  yeah , that 's what ukrainians always repeat . 
  russian barbarians , mongolians , not slavs . 
  systematically wiped out . 
  it 's definitely how ukraine would want to see russian history to prove their separatist agenda . 
  that 's the definition of words `` historical revisionism '' . 
   this `` always '' you speak about , how long is it ? 
  250 years . 
  there were people before in ancient times . 
  but if you look at the map , there are no more byzantines or scythians . 
  tatars definitely lived in crimea , and it is actually because of them the black sea coast was no man 's land before catherine the great started the colonization of this place . 
  it was called taurida by the same reason sevastopol is called sevastopol instead of vysokograd : it was the age of classicism and all these people were very inspired with the fact ancient greeks lived in these places long time ago . 
   i 'm curious , on what did you base your statement that this region `` was always russia '' ? 
  so , summing all this , it always was russia , because russians settled these lands hundreds of years after their previous owners extincted , and it changed the owner only once from these times : 25 years before . 
  well , no . 
  russia just wanted crimea because it 's russia . 
  they just wanted the ukrainian black sea coast because it 's russia . 
  russians live here , russians were always living there , they do not want to live in the other state and russians who were living there before , built this place in connection with other russia . 
  well . 
  inhabitants of crimea live without power to convince them that inactions have consequences . 
  passively accepting some of your parts back into the state while leaving others to separatists comes with risks . 
  if russia had taken the southern-eastern ukraine at the time , this would not happen . 
  yes , because they censored hitler and trying to make the same tension in this moment put some senseless violence instead . 
  let 's by the way , turn this argument . 
  passengers of mh17 died not because they were guilty but to convince them ( europe ) that actions have consequences . 
  i do not plan to visit it in the next four days . 
  the case of falsification is that germany just can not put facts of its own history in works of fiction , because of censorship , to the point , where it practically vanishes these facts from the society discourse . 
  this branch actually started from the example i put in : the german film `` die welle '' that was spoiled by the censorship to the point it lost any message ( good for germans , by the way ) . 
  like judas who is however definitely negative . 
  i like these ad hominem arguments . 
  it 's how to say `` but you were robbed on your own , how can you say anything against robbers ? '', 
  well , maybe , i can speak about because i am a russian ?
