  and now we see ukraine . 
  you could be silent while thinking about that ukrainians for any russian stink with burned meat . 
  you are not humans . 
  what sense to spend words ? 
  it is so fundamental nothing can change it . 
  you was not smart enough to think it by yourself . 
  well , i tell you that . 
  the worst part is you reproached me of something with ussr . 
  while not knowing who i am , my opinions about ussr etc. 
  of course , i hate ussr with all fibers of my soul . 
  it was a state of evil , a state that openly and without any disguise fought against its own citizens . 
  that must never exist , it 's a cancer of humankind . 
  well , so who writes me about my ussr worshipping ? 
  oh , it 's a nazi-boy from the country of night elves . 
  from the country that created a list of men to be hounded , kills its enemies , takes into soul of its citizens with public opinion , rings of council , passages of shame . 
  all of that was in ussr , but in more easy version . 
  what to do , history goes , ideas improve . 
  ukraine is created by ussr and became ussr , the humilated hybrid of ussr and third reich in their most wicked sides . 
  and now you write me about admitting ussr . 
  all , that was said by me about baltics relates you and your country . 
  even more , because at least it is possible to step on baltics side and watch the situation with their eyes . 
  but you are not humans at all , your state is infested corpse that does not deserve right to exist . 
  do n't worry , i will never troll you , because i feel only detestation about you . 
  ussr did shit . 
  for example , it created ukraine . 
  big mistake . 
  we eat this shit more than fifty years . 
  you are lucky in that you said it about croatia , not ukraine . 
  it is exaggerated . 
  according to zenrus.ru , only 650 tonnes of food were burned to the moment . 
  no , i do n't starve , and nobody around me too . 
  we here have something except sprats . 
  a lot of people in your countries are chauvinist scumbags . 
  i wonder why we still have diplomatic relations . 
  i do not support putin . 
  if i was putin , i would do all differently . 
  they stole our gold too . 
  yes , we are ashamed of it too . 
  but russians already did it . 
  i am a dumbass with gold , and you are without . 
  fascists are defeated once again , and justice has been met . 
  so , it will be enough to apologize for 39 from the russian side to be well ? 
  if we already did that , than why did they allow themselves such chauvinist nationalistic commentaries about gold ? 
  i think , it 's only proves they are still fascists . 
  to kill franco you must kill franco inside yourself . 
  it 's not your gold , it 's gold of your people that tried to save it from dirty fascist hands . 
  this gold can be only returned after returning democracy to these countries . 
  but did they do it with poles inside shoes or outside ? 
  it could be probably acts of cannibalism , not chocolate-hunting . 
  according to poles what happened in 38 is n't real history . 
  have they broken your chairs ? 
  it is well known , jewelry is usually in chairs . 
  romania , bulgaria and spain demand russia 's gold . 
  i wait for italy and germany . 
  but this is not about more equality , this is about less equality . 
  because all animals are equal , but some are less equal . 
  poles . 
  you must spend these money to create the data haven , the digital capital of the world somewhere in south-east asia . 
  in southern-central-close-to-alps-and-neighboring-switzerland-between-adriatic-and-tirren-seas europe . 
  but it 's great . 
  it 's like patina or craquelure , it shows the age of the building . 
  why do you all want to flat wrinkles of those oldies ? 
   britain will be forced . 
  good joke . 
  it 's hockey , not football , after all . 
  common , guys , you all are somewhere around zero . 
  well , the madness and craziness is a beautiful explanation . 
  it is so beautiful , you can explain everything with it !, 
  why did nobody think about it before ? 
  in the post-industrial age farmers is the most lazy , unsatisfied and impudent strata . 
  they are a point of pressure always and everywhere . 
  did they made you , by the way , eat apples to defeat russia ? 
  i 've heard , in poland they did . 
  why do you need 4 metros in budapest ? 
  we at moscow , for example , easily handle it with only one . 
  it 's , by the way , not coincidence . 
  as russia too has its separatists that are doomed to the similar fate . 
  so , was kosovo serbian colony ? 
  what would frenches said , if arabs suddenly decided to annex bretagne ? 
  but i already believe it , what 's the point ? 
  do not think really every . 
  i would bet , at least 10 % survive . 
  if i remember correctly , civil uprisers from libya did two things immediately after the win : 1 ) murdered all blacks ; 2 ) started to eat bodies of fallen enemies . 
  such a shame , syria is going by different scenario . 
  are those usaf the same usaf that drop supplies for isis by nights ? 
  truth is separatists are hateful outcasts . 
  you can roll governments in and out , make proclamations about eternal friendship and impossible agreements , jump over the head , pull a rabbit out of a hat , but this will never change the truth . 
  the truth is they will be forever accursed and all ends with massacre , do you like it or not . 
  i think those agreements will be broken in five-ten years when serbs will invade kosovo and butch every one albanian there . 
  because you can not cheat reality , and truth always wins . 
  serbians will not suffer this mutilation for long time , as nobody would . 
  who all these scholars , by the way ? 
  because when people say about all those scholars , they usually think about not all , and about not scholars . 
  nope , it is n't . 
  he exactly said that the majority of people disagrees with him , but he will do what he wants , because fuck people . 
  we must immediately copy methods of our german-japanese partners to evade that . 
  and vodka is polish , by the way . 
  the democratically elected leader refuses to execute the will of his electors . 
  democracy . 
  thank god , russia is n't good enough for syrians .
