  in other words richard nixon . 
  well , as the antichrist 's state , of course you do think you fight for the right thing . 
  the main important feature of antichrist is that he is totally like christ visually and by what he 's saying , it 's only small details that can tell you he is really sent by satan . 
  for example , americans say their nukes are nukes of god , but they do n't even bless them . 
   people just liked it better that way they did n't like it though , they were forced to admit it or leave away . 
  it 's known that everyone who is n't baptized will go to limbo at the best if it was a good and just person , to spent their eternity and sadness and darkness without god . 
  so while american nukes will go to hell , our nukes will directly fly to heaven . 
  when our oil will runs out we 'll be already in the control of earth 's thermonuclear industry . 
  we will even help you to build some power plants in exchange for bicycles . 
  though the old testament is background information and jesus personally did n't harm anyone except one plant and some entrepreneurs . 
  and he could just kill any of his oppressors , resurrect and kill him again but he did n't . 
  of course he is not a god of war . 
  but it 's american imperialists who called our rocket in such a way , because they want to see their lord everywhere . 
  and we call it softly and sweet , r-36m . 
  if germans decide to start the fourth reich , we 'll be ready . 
  well , in russian the period of mongol dominance is called mongol-tatar yoke . 
  but i must say that until the xx century a lot of turkic ethnicities were called tatars in russia . 
  for example , azerbaijanis were known as caucasian tatars . 
  somewhat like ` niemcy ' for western europeans . 
  maybe they just did n't know those tatars from mongolia are actually absolutely not turkic . 
  ps i 've checked wikipedia and it seems tatars is the word of chinese origin . 
  so probably mongols were original tatars after all . 
  and later their name moved to other turkic people as well . 
  at least turkic tribes ancient russians contacted before the invasion had their own names ( like khazar and pecheneg ) . 
  i always thought it 's from the turkic tenge . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't remember any word of mongolian origin . 
  though there are plenty of turkic words . 
  russians did n't socialize much with mongols i guess . 
  i do not think partitioning will help somehow . 
  people are n't idiots after all . 
  from what i 've understood from reading memories of those who served at facilities of this kind , they were perfectly understanding what goes on , and no partitioning could hide it : everything was obvious for both the personnel and the convicts of those places . 
  jews went to gas chambers not because they really thought those are shower rooms , and guards understood what is the purpose of those big buildings with a pipe too . 
   most of the people who participated in these crimes where ordinary men . 
  i know something about einsatzgruppen so i do n't think so . 
  as i understand their staff was that : * ideal nazis , religious fanatics strictly believing in supremacy of nazi ideology and that there is no crime that ca n't be done for its win ; * former criminals gathered from prisons specially for tasks of that kind ; * rare maniacs and people who really like violence for violence itself ; * local collaborators who already made the state treason and have nothing to lose . 
  though i have n't read your book and i will give it a look . 
  of course it 's possible that i do n't know something . 
  but my ` humanism ' is based on a very simple deduction . 
  if i will be ordered to carry corpses to a pit , rain them with gasoline and human fat and start a fire , i will have difficulties with this task . 
  if you will be ordered with the same task , you will have difficulties with it . 
  if some random guy will be ordered to do it - it will be the same . 
  because it 's normal , and to find people who would be okay with that will be difficult , they are not normal , and they are small in numbers . 
  there is only one norm , but there is so many deviations , and you need only one of them . 
  i do n't support denying the generalplan ost , but it is still weak in my opinion . 
  truly , there would be german colonization , millions of people dying and so on , but the scale of it seems exaggerated . 
  we know the power of german industry in killing people , after all , death camps killed like how much ? 
  6 million jews and i do n't have numbers about other entities . 
  and it 's for years of work that shows us mass murders is n't a simple thing to do . 
  it is n't even important if generalplan ost existed and if hitler believed it himself but could it even be implemented at all ? 
  i think if nazis had the possibility to start it at full scale , it would be sabotaged on every level from ministers ( there 's not enough ammo for massacres when we have hard fights with oceania ) to simple performers . 
  nazis did need fanatics brainwashed to zombie state , absolutely immoral scum and criminals from all the corners of europe to did what they already did . 
  people somehow tend to forget that it was not wehrmacht soldiers who did execute mass slaughters , it was ss teams complected with worst of soldiers and local betrayers . 
  there was a need to find , filter men capable to do such tasks because your average german would defect at best when ordered to do so . 
  so , where to find people able to run this slaughter machine ? 
  if it even was a needed amount of people of this kind on the whole planet ? 
  hitler did something positive . 
  despite what people think now nazis came to power not because they called to `` destroy factories , move by rickshaws and paint walls with shit '' . 
   whose countries were lucky enough to not have this `` memorable '' experience of being invaded , killed , tortured , raped and pillaged by the ottomans western europeans have henry viii . 
  well , danes are racist xenophobes so of course he 'd say it . 
  look what is the society he lives in . 
  i think danes must be better people , invite more refugees to give this imam a live example of tolerance , then he will repent and realize his mistakes and all will be well . 
  the thing is joseph flavius ' testament about jesus is just is n't important for the question about existence of jesus . 
  there are definitely historical figures who wrote about jesus christ . 
  for example , nietzsche wrote about jesus christ and nietzsche definitely existed , there are photos that support this point of view . 
  still , would n't be a great proof that nietzsche actually knew jesus existed and not heard it from somebody else . 
  joseph flavius definitely have not seen jesus personally even if he was the real author of the mention about jesus . 
  the problem with the actual existence of jesus is it 's a man with dozens of biographies , and there are four official versions , and even those official versions contradict with each other . 
  the worse is they contradict with the official history as well . 
  proponents of jesus ' existence ca n't properly explain when jesus was born , during which times he lived , who was the ruler of judaea , who was the emperor of the roman empire . 
  there was some bright star on his birth , there was some census , there were some magi , there was some slaughter of children . 
  and nobody can say for sure what any of it was . 
  people who 've seen him in reality traveled to every corner of the earth though they are either taken to the skies alive without a trace or nobody knows where their grave is or even worse they have an actual grave , more than one grave and indefinite amount of heads and limbs . 
  they were unnoticed by their contemporaries . 
  the only fact for sure is that around the ii century there were some people who 've heard about some christians , whatever this word means . 
  actually i do n't sell anything . 
  i do n't have goods , i do n't have buyers . 
  at it 's heart my company is just a site in the web where people gift me money . 
  usually i send them something in answer , because it 's polite . 
  it 's not bad for a true rational person to not believe in the existence of mohhamad . 
  well , maybe not mohhamad . 
  i do n't know much about , maybe there are facts proving he existed . 
  in the case of jesus , i fear , the question would be not even `` did he exist in reality ? '', 
  but `` did people who claim they saw jesus exist in reality ? 
   ritleh i would kill him preventively . 
  even if not a nazi , definitely a cultist . 
  so in the end all the gays will be out of chechnya and all the faggots will be in . 
   but it would be unprofitable . 
  the cost of production in europe is higher than in asia , and we do n't have know-how . 
  production optimization would take years . 
  well , any military expenses are unprofitable . 
  it 's a part of idea that outcomes there are compensated by less risks that you will spend much more in the case of shit that happens . 
  though even with that these money do not vanish forever in some money-eating monster but remain with people who do it and therefore boost economics in keynesian style . 
   it can work in russia , but in the eu it 's just fuel for eurosceptics . 
  well , you can simply buy computers in russia then . 
  problem solved !, 
   i do n't think we can start producing computers in europe , at least not in the near future . 
  the problem of starting the computer industry from scratch is n't more than $ 100,000,000,000 ( assuming that the cost of a top processor factory is about $ 5,000,000,000 ~ $ 10,000,000,000 and this is the most expensive and complex piece of all the technological chain ) . 
  big money but i 'm sure europe can find them it will give its priorities right . 
  maybe take less refugees ?
