  small of second sort , though i will eat three at time . 
  10 of them price 65 roubles , so about 20 roubles for this . 
  * tomatoes . 
  now in winter it is 160 roubles per kg . 
  it is for a week to add to food , so about 24 roubles . 
  * corn . 
  75 roubles for about 5 portions ( again to vary my ration and add some vitamins ) , so 15 roubles . 
  * tea . 
  100 bags of something called `` earl grey '' for 240 roubles , 3 cups a day , it 's 7 roubles . 
  * lemons to the tea . 
  with turkey problem ( and winter , let 's not forget ) it 's now inexcusable 260 roubles per kg , but it 's about three or four lemons , about 30 or 40 cups of tea , so for ten days . 
  it will cost me 26 roubles then . 
  193 roubles at all . 
  the remaining part for things like bread , salt and pepper . 
  sugar for those who like sweet tea . 
  well , if municipal water is undrinkable it will maybe overpass this limit in $ 2.82 , but not too much . 
  of course , i will vary menu by changing potatoes with pasta or rice , stewed canned meat with chicken or fish if possible or liver , adding milk sometimes , including cheap soups ( soups are very cheap by their nature by the way ) like pea soup etc. 
  and notice that this is really bad budget . 
  i 've taken prices from `` platypus '' website , a shop that delivers groceries to your home , it is for middle class , not poor ones . 
  on the market you can go and buy potatoes for 10 roubles per kg , ( though you will need to choose good ones from bad and rotten ) , replace stewed meat with cheaper analogs ( where it will be more fat and byproducts than meat ) etc. 
  that 's what a poor can eat in russia . 
  i by myself actually lived one period in my life on such a diet . 
  and in bangladesh prices are much lower , and menu much more `` ascetic '' . 
  i think , people who work on physical jobs like this in bangladesh and live in all these slums without electricity etc eat mostly rice and do not think about meat too much . 
  $ 2.82 is probably too exaggerated . 
  you just speak about different topics . 
  you think it 's about donbass while the man tries to explain to you while estonia 's politics can not be called `` apartheid '' . 
  social security , i think . 
  1076 was ok . 
  elementary . 
  it 's not a messenger . 
  it explained . 
  officially they were trading ` computer hardware ' and stuff like this . 
  it is not about architecture , it is about city planning and inter-district connections . 
  for example , experts say about danger of `` ghetto-ization '' of biryulevo . 
  it is the cheap district on the edge of the city . 
  cheap property stimulates newcomers to settle in . 
  it has no subway , and even more . 
  from three sides it is rounded by a railroad branch , so you can actually leave and enter the district in the bottlenecks of main highways where bridges and tunnels are built . 
  on the fourth side there is a big woodland park , again with no roads . 
  in these conditions , inhabitants of the district are stimulated to spend their time inside , they do not mix with the other city , are n't included in its life , as the part of the big system . 
  so they live here , their relatives and friends settle here too and in fourty or fifty years there is a ghetto that is dissected from the city 's body so nobody outside visits it , nobody inside visits the city . 
  it is what true french told me . 
  citizens of france , i mean . 
  moscow has no ghettos even though it 's very multicultural . 
  there is no such a thing like ethnic french , culture of france is culture of its citizens . 
  muslim ghettos are truly french , mosques and slums is what france is . 
  love it or leave it , you a dirty chauvinist . 
  absolutely not important . 
  railroad cars and their wheels are separate entities ( that 's why the direction moscow-paris exists ) and the differences in their widths have no objective reasons except backward compatibility with standards of the imperialist age . 
  three locomotives of economic growth : china , india and ireland, 
  it depends . 
  in one of the cult soviet novels the protagonist explains that there are about 200 recipes of samogon . 
  he tries to sell one of them to millionaires from the ` prohibition ' usa , the recipe of stool samogon . 
  americans are n't ready , so he finally sells them the recipe of wheat samogon ( or it was corn samogon ) . 
  so there is . 
  all depends on the resource you use to make it . 
  stools and rotten potatoes is one thing , sugar makes another . 
  and even though technology for wheat is much stronger , it is also better than others . 
  slivovica has its followers , of course . 
  wait , germany annexed belgium ? 
  how did i miss it ? 
  i wish they meet with those `` you are dirty slavs that stolen our finno-ugric homeland '' baltic guys . 
  actually , euromaidan is responsible for some actions against russians that can be called or compared to holocaust . 
  it 's definitely not good to know something about holocaust from nazis . 
  that 's why it is n't good as well to know something about russia from euromaidan press . 
  well , everyone knows that the best place to learn more about armenian culture is azerbaijan films . 
  did you know that armenians specially built their parlament over the child muslim graveyard to stump bones of azeri children every time when they rule their greedy evil wicked country of evil . 
   euromaidanpress.com an ukrainian journalist describes . 
   the only way that girl is going to earn $ 18k/month is by being a high-class prostitute . 
  they will take her passport and she will work as a low-class prostitute . 
  for free . 
  that 's not ok price for moscow . 
  it 's the average ( maybe higher than average ) income in moscow . 
  so , realize what , you can save money if any of your relatives has a lesser salary ( and by a coincident any of your relatives has at least as much qualification for a nurse work , as a fully non-qualified employee ) . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , salaries for nurses in moscow start not from this price . 
  50k is a salary of a professional with education . 
  it 's the great justification for , let 's say , for example , hiring hobos as surgeons in the local hospitals or as police officers . 
  nobody is safe , nobody is perfect . 
  are n't able ? 
  do n't hire . 
  your sentences are pathetic . 
  anybody who eats real food is richy snob , because foi gras is too expensive . 
  i eat rusty nails and i am very proud of this . 
  what ? 
  potatoes ? 
  never heard of this !, 
  their problem is their daughter 's head somehow appeared at moscow 's street kilometers away from the body . 
  that 's their problem . 
  i have no problem like this . 
  my neighbours have no problem like this . 
  nobody i know has problem like this . 
  because an adequate man simply would n't hire a migrant , a poor man of the different ( more undeveloped ) culture to sit with his children . 
  of course , you can act differently . 
  you can hire anyone for your children . 
  a migrant , if you want to prove you are not racist at all , a worker , if you have communistic sights , you can hire a drunk , if you believe in rehabilitation , care about other people and christ . 
  it 's your children , you can experiment on them , and other people can look at you as a moron , but you still have this right , yeah . 
  he has chosen non-qualified personnel by over extensive price . 
  it is his right and my right is to say : 1 ) that his complaints about cost are laughful if he is ready to pay the most for the worst ; 2 ) you are toolbag yourself , go into the toolbox .
