  because homosexualism was decriminalised in russia in 1992 , if i correctly remember , no matter what lenin did . 
  really ? 
  no way . 
  it 's inhumane . 
  the one who will be shot with such a weapon will be blind forever . 
  it 's better to die than live like this . 
  it 's as such disgusting as a weapon that hacks your facebook account and publishes all your private messages to wide audience , so you must live now with all know what a pathetic hypocrite you are . 
  it 's a fate that is worse than death . 
  only total monsters can use something like that instead of humane things like depleted uranium bullets or rocket launchers . 
  you see , air explosive munitions cripple your eyes too , but as they just push them inside your brain permanently destroying your head it 's ok . 
  there is no pain , it 's just only death and you go immediately to merciful god . 
  we live in the humane society and we must honor our humanistic traditions . 
  why to execution people with such barbaric and bloody methods as long-throw hanging or shooting in a nape ? 
  we can use mix of different poisons to make a man sleep forever . 
  that works so perfect nobody feels even a bit of pain ( those times when we somehow manage to get right poisons that do not kill you in slow agonising way in the view of people who come to see you die ) . 
  there are sheep in wales ? 
  i thought it is somewhere in england . 
  why exactly there is an english flag to represent american language ? 
  we are just undeceived about how the world really works . 
  i am confused with how much people wrote about `` this is the police '' : `` what the fuck , i play a honest straight lawful good cop and the mafia kills me !, 
  why does the game limits me ? '', 
  no need to change pants there , tzargrad will be turned into something like the naval base . 
  only i flied turkish airlines ( one of the best airlines actually ) through istanbul to philippines and back returning a week before ataturk bombings . 
  :( so it 's only my guess , as you understand . 
  how ever i can know about there was no ban ? 
  there was no travel ban to turkey . 
  it was established for around ten days after the coup , when it was n't clear yet if turkey , for example , goes to full civil war or whatever . 
  well . 
  a man must be grateful for whatever he has . 
  we , for example , are very grateful for americans that helped us in the most dangerous moment , when germany 's tank armies were crushed and all the territory of soviet union liberated . 
  definitely , the main breakpoint of the war . 
  they wanted to remove the exactly one kebab . 
  now the kebab removes them . 
  we opened the second front against it . 
  we help our allies . 
  it is simple . 
  the protagonist of gta iv had been removing kebab - and that 's what the coup participants hoped to achieve too . 
  why , you just could get a fictive job and then try to not be seen by police on the streets during workhours . 
   furthermore us after years of inaction were attacked by japan and forced into the war the usa did all possible and impossible measures to * force * japan into the war . 
  or he was just murdered . 
  gypsies are the main contact point most people of the world have with spain , by the way . 
  i mean flamenco , of course . 
  we returned to help the czech . 
  i hope you at least have heard about polish death camps . 
   with all of this you just have to see that it was done way too amateurish this what happens when you try a coup on your own without help of 2 ) a second man in the state ; 2 ) foreign powers interesting in changing the country 's politics . 
  only a state can compete against another ( or the same ) state . 
  if one or even better both of these conditions are in play , you need 200 men with automatic rifles to take over . 
  in * every * country . 
  if it is n't , no matter how much soldiers , tanks , aviation and artillery you have . 
  it 's not a full-going war after all . 
  we usually fix big arteries lane by lane for two or three years . 
  no one able ruler ( able means someone who survived a few years in the power without ending with a heated rake in the rectum ) would pull a coup against himself . 
  it 's like to play russian roulette with three bullets to show a girl that you have balls . 
  there are easier ways to get under someone 's skirt . 
  no , it started not later than 1929 . 
  investions , dotations , ready projects and schemes , machinery , qualified engineers , five hundred turn-key ready factories . 
  it is the good way to invest your money in if you invest big money . 
  nobody steals new luxury cars ( except idiots ) , it 's just too difficult to hide it and turn into money . 
  was n't there some glowing green rock of meteoritic origin inside ? 
  it is not exactly like that . 
  russian empire became the number two in the world ( after defeating france in 1812 ) and up to crimean war , even though after losing its status back it remained the great power with all-the-world ambitions with perspective to world hegemony to 1918 . 
  ussr was a retrograde country that exterminated all its culture and science to become a tool in european struggles . 
  the difference between russian empire and ussr is the difference between france and cameroon . 
  usa and britain industrialised the country ( when it became no threat to their interests ) . 
  by opinion of respected ussr historians and their european raf friends . 
  i agree . 
  germans are very old nation . 
  poles , who appeared in 1989 are very old too . 
  we , the young nation with twenty-five year history must learn a lot from those wise ancient nations . 
  kaliningrad makes sense in slavic languages too . 
  yes . 
  fsb =  alcoholism . 
  if it was before nation states it was a city inhabited by germans . 
  but it 's a better rail . 
  it 's bigger . 
   i am guessing it is a translation issue with you . 
   my point is when it comes to documentation and proof poland has records 300 years early than any russian claim . 
  i easily believe this . 
  poles are very talented people . 
  they could record invention of vodka 300 years before any russian claim , 1500 years before invention of rectification and 200 years before poles appeared . 
  only vodka is not distillate . 
   speaking openly about those laws would probably land you in jail even thinking . 
  after enemies retreated , the tractor turned thrust engines on and hid in terrestrial space . 
  the tractor driver feels well . 
  the mission goes under normal conditions . 
  head of the kolkhoz the general-colonel d. u. ustinov warns , in the case of an another incident sowers , grain-binders and a vertical take-off and landing combine harvester will join the fight for harvest . 
   whats the point of this ? 
  1kg is the hard drive , 24 kg is the system that makes a nuclear massive response low orbital strike against invading chinese troops . 
  well , human is n't animal to regulate its life by instincts . 
  the survival instinct is more mundane thing that guarantees you do not try to put a fork into your eye , do not piss on a naked powered wire and do not blow yourself in the center of a public square because the nameless ones told you to do so . 
  parents defending their children against animals do not do suicidal attacks . 
  they just do what has a highest chance to save everybody ( children first ) . 
  the same with `` russian soldiers jumping on machineguns '' . 
  though it 's mostly legend the talk is about situations when the delay means death for others . 
  japanese pilots were in open war with the technological supermonster they had no chance to win over with conventional methods , so again they did what would give them the best chance to win ( even if it 's the difference between 0 % and 0,1 % ) . 
  when a man gives his life not because of the specific situation , but because of `` high power '' , `` wilingness to fight '' , `` the great justice for all the world '' , `` because africans starve and it can not be suffered anymore '' and other abstract ideals that are so abstract they can be related to every situation ever - it 's definitely mental illness . 
  literally definitely . 
  the definition of mental illness is `` unusual behavior that harms someone who has it or people around it '' . 
  if a man does a suicidal attack , it at least means he has no survival instinct anymore . 
  in other words , he is mentally ill .
