  it is your problem that you pay 50k a month for a non-qualified middle asian migrant for your grandma , not your achievement . 
  a nurse has nothing common with a babysitter , it is a qualified medical specialist . 
  a man who hires a migrant in moscow to sit with his baby has big problems with mental state by default . 
   which necessitated the extermination of 50 % to 100 % of european nations under germany 's control , and that was just in the first 30 years . 
  and 200 % of european nations exterminated in the next 30 years . 
  well , they are when they are ( in the strange accident ) directed against regimes that do n't correctly order their priorities in balancing between eu and us . 
  yes . 
  only in the reality of the man in the high castle they would n't speak about it . 
  only some eastern europeans once per year pushing the issue of `` return our amber room '' . 
  as germans in our world remember about dresden , the city of arts , sometimes . 
   as you mean dirty jobs performed by russia in the interest of europe yeah , it 's exactly what i meant ( maybe that is the reason why i wrote it after all ) . 
  georgia , ukraine . 
  truman 's america did what is called ` holocaust ' . 
  it is untrue to call the consequences of the final decision all-the-burning . 
  nazis did not burn everything , they even did not burn people alive , only their corpses . 
  truman 's america did . 
  in the alternate reality where the third reich wins the second world war , some greek user would wrote about how the european nations could survive japan ( they managed to survive even the third reich ) . 
  they would n't survive under the us control . 
  let 's not forget , in his impossible maniacal will to power , in his mad refusal to admit the defeat , the crazy murderer truman did n't stop even to use the most terrific weapon in the history against civil people . 
  when allied armies sieged washington , the president butcher still was giving orders to ` flying strongholds ' to bomb european cities into dust . 
  hitler murdered european jews , but he spared european culture . 
  can you imagine the world where america wins and floods europe with jeans and coca-cola ? 
  it is the very realistic case actually . 
  the last 20 years ( somebody would say 100 ) russia does all the europe 's dirty job . 
  actually , his only flaw was losing the war . 
  things turn other way and now reddit would talk about how close putin/farage is to truman . 
  no , being a nationalistic populist does n't do you one of the worst pieces of shit ever born . 
   we are limiting the number of player allies to 2 . 
  basically , what this means is that you can have at most 2 allies which are played by humans , but as many ai allies as you can get . 
  the reason for this is preventing unrealistically huge alliances which stifle the whole game because everyone 's too afraid to do anything . 
  we want to get a lot of smaller alliance blocks for greater diplomacy and tension !, 
  that 's why massive strategies must have no inner diplomacy system at all , do n't forbidding humans be betraying monsters they are . 
  what has happened with the previous game ? 
  did i miss aar ? 
  yeah . 
  zheleznogorsk is one of the ` closed cities ' built by stalin in 1950s for atomic projects . 
  and so is the coat of arms . 
  eu border officer : may i have a little kiss before you go ? 
  i 'm very lonely here . 
  yeah . 
  we told before . 
  you said you are a part-time social worker with no education from the poor region who can not buy a private apartment and therefore russia is bad . 
  i am ashamed to be a compatriot of a guy who is able to call the topic `` my daily life '' and then write nothing about his daily life . 
  the worst crime of the bloody regime is definitely the removing of logic lessons from schools . 
   europe needs some people who knows how to value a functioning society . 
  well , the man is definitely not one of this kind . 
  hungary is the same steppe ukraine is . 
  there are ukrainians in ukraine who do n't speak russian , to be more precise . 
  the analog of siberian katorga in french empire was guiana ( also known as ` the dry guillotine ' ) . 
  the another popular place was caucasus that lies in the same climate zone as mediterranean coast and accidentally has a coast ( even two coasts ) too . 
  we should make a song about polish death camps . 
  do n't stand on the red line , duck and hide . 
  ~ ( ~ a ) = a, 
  the whole germany does n't need to join russia simultaneously . 
  we prefer it piece by piece . 
  ban of transit for russian trucks through ukraine, 
  in russia it 's renault logan , not renault . 
  maybe because anti-gmo laws ? 
  for russia it 's the main reason why tomatoes are tasteless shit . 
  it is not related with channel one . 
  majority of russians know kasyanov from the good old times when there was ort in the place of channel one , and kasyanov was the government member , also known as misha two percents . 
  golden pistols too . 
  no , it is at least average comparing to european ones . 
  gazprom prices are lower because prices are lower . 
  those people ( mostly ) do not `` have no job '' . 
  they have no wish to pay to their governments . 
  it 's the map of black economics . 
  it is n't a huge waste of human potential , it 's a huge waste of taxes and nothing more . 
  what was the reaction of this singaporean when you told him ? 
  only to romanians actually . 
  when i brush teeth by mornings i think about how to inflict pain to romanians , not anyone else . 
  well , maybe sometimes danes . 
  but usually romanians only . 
  because the translator needed to get an anagram of `` i am lord voldemort '' in the end of the second book . 
  they are alternatively tall , actually . 
  as opposite to the `` slavs '' ( slovyane ) - those who speak with words ( slovo ) . 
  nato is unright there . 
  it was the damaging of peace talks first , and the intensification of air strikes as the consequence . 
  so norway is mostly hell . 
  that is what happens when socialists are in power . 
  we invaded and took crimea all by our lonesome and then decided all the questions with turkey too . 
  ukraine can get ears of the dead donkey . 
  the analog of crimea is n't canada . 
  the analog of crimea is florida reagan ( after the fall into dementia ) gifted to the independent texas which strictly demands to admit that these lands ( texas and florida ) are inhabited with the most ancient and culture people of aztecs who built all the cities in north america and invented wheel and fire , then were plundered by damned yankees who slaved it and exploited for three hundred years . 
  if you do n't agree with it or do n't want to say `` howdy , partner '' when greeting people , you are probably damned yankee yourself and must be immediately beheaded on the closest pyramid . 
  now try to find a refugee who will agree to live in bulgaria . 
  if you shorten the name of the president of russia , the president of russia will shorten you . 
  for you vladimir vladimirovich, 
  so euro history did n't teach you anything about eu-wide standards . 
  of course not . 
  you are stalked because you change the facts not because you like or do n't like somebody . 
  you are stalked because you are a liar and you do n't take your words back and do n't admit you are a liar . 
   your not going to kill me with polonium are you ? 
  life in the samsara wheel is enough punishment for you . 
  i would . 
  you say it like something ` my government ' says can make me right or not in this specific case . 
  no , you do n't . 
  you pathologically hate the op and ` the average russian ' , it makes you to distort facts and misinform people . 
  but as it is easily provable , you only turn your words into dust . 
  a man writes `` russian voters wanted a strong headed autocratic tsar leader '' and thinks he said something .
