  well , though neither west historians nor russian archives can say anything about people that were shot instead of listening to . 
  so it was time travels and mentograms . 
  yeah . 
  it was german scientists after all who sent a capsule back into the past that scanned their mentograms and finally revealed that they tried to warn about unternehmen barbarossa but were shot instead of listened to . 
  but did n't hitler say to a finn that ate cyanide with him : `` truly i say to you , today you will be with me in valhalla '' ? 
  damn , it 's chocolate , do n't think , just grab more . 
  the war is coming . 
  the third reich does n't need to invade ussr to survive today . 
  because the third reich was expansion-based economics that demanded more resources to support what already is . 
  europe by itself could n't supply hitler 's army , so eventually and inevitably the third reich needed to invade ussr just to survive . 
  i think it was obvious to 39 that ussr will be in war with the third reich . 
  but finns were on the right side of the war for supremacy of aryan race . 
  i personally would n't go to finland after a disney movie about it . 
  who knows what can happen there ? 
  what if it will be exactly this one day of the year when every finn must eat a foreigner to honor their gods ? 
  god bless belgium , the country that does n't think the eternal suffering is your obliging duty . 
  also , to meet a woman you must talk to her . 
  i mean , walking to her . 
  close enough . 
  and then all this mouth opening and producing sounds . 
  while ** she looks at you ** . 
  god . 
  a country is n't . 
  but a state as the individual case of its organization is . 
  now that 's the real issue . 
  i do n't know how we are going to survive without italian cheese , the best olive oil in the world from spain , and of course without tocaji wines after tasting which , i think all agree , every other wine will be like donkey 's piss . 
  who does even need french cheese in the world italy exists ? 
  samsungboyars spit on sonyserfs from the height of their fancy big respectable phones made for big respectable people . 
  the only thing the state cares about is its own existence . 
  it is the only sense of the word ` state ' in xix , xx , xviii and any other century it existed . 
  now methods it uses to survive and choke others can vary . 
  in xix century states found that if their citizens have poor miserable lives , they start to worry , think about politics , throw bombs , murder state workers , sabotage important decisions and even refuse to kill each others in wars . 
  building consumer society is an absolutely needed step for every country that wants to exist in the age of mass information . 
  do n't forget that you use our language , the us . 
  it 's not american , you purged true american languages through genocide . 
  you use english , the language of britain , canada , that sheep state , do n't remember its name , austria and all the world . 
  jesus christ is not a pole . 
  jesus christ is poland . 
  it was gifted to humankind to teach it democracy and then was crucified by four secessions in the times of russian empire and suffering and buried , and ressurected in three hundred years by the book , and ascended to the eu and sitting by the right hand of germany . 
  don ' worry . 
  poland is jesus christ , so he already hates you as much as possible . 
  partially it is . 
  but venice is n't found by runaways escaping tyranny of the empire and it has no giant statue in the sea close to the city . 
  and dorne is the reference to spain , while the slaver cities are the reference to assyria , babylon and egypt , and braavos is the reference to the united states of america and dothraki are the reference to mongols , all of this has no relation to the war of the roses . 
  those infinite romanian armies invading the roman civilization ... 
  yeah , greece . 
  when a nation does n't do very well with math , go-go is an alternative . 
  boris is not racist , no way he could be . 
  smallpox , it seems . 
  she got radiation sickness but did n't surrender , even when it was 40sv to one , of course she could n't be french . 
  i think to suppose there is a pole is working for kgb is like spitting in face of the whole polish nation . 
  we do n't know exactly when they found those memoirs in a bathtub , though . 
  i think it 's a very good thing from them . 
  another good thing would be to spend millions of euros returning kosovo to serbia . 
  do not see anything particular here . 
  in any airport of any city just take a walk , go out of a terminal , leave the airport area and - what a magic !, 
  - prices mystically drop ten times . 
  not so easy of course if you carry four bags and a backpack or if the airport is located in the frozen barrenland of misery on the icy desert plateau of leng . 
  like in moscow . 
  ps though we have trains !, 
  is it in england ? 
  actually , climate change was caused by twerking . 
  good mourning !, 
  well , who will care about tobacco in 2035 anyway ? 
  water is what matters . 
  and bullets . 
  i think , it 's a really bad idea to beat a man only because he is racially superior . 
  shirtless putin is the embodiment of the male principle . 
  it 's totally not gay , you can melt gays with masculinity of such a shirt . 
   ( \u0423\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0430 - \u0440\u0443\u0438\u043d\u0430 is a meme forsed by russian trolls it is a historical term . 
  can you dive into bitcoin ? 
  can you make a snow angel in a pile of bitcoins ? 
  can you lie on it and think about how much more cool than heisenberg you are ? 
  i actually want to see series about an american ex-kkk member who goes to norway by witness protection program because he thinks it 's true nordic country . 
  he comes to a small town , settles there and suddenly hears that the town is ruled by black musicians . 
  a lot of violence , nudity , splatter follows . 
  breivik-based character as the man behind the villain . 
  the village of neo-pagans in the woods , the mad maniac trying to summon trolls by murdering young girls . 
  british pop stars trying to expand their business by selling songs on the streets of the town . 
  the smart algerian hacker that helps the protagonist . 
  damn , it could be so good . 
  instead they chose mafia . 
  by accident . 
  no , azrail , you ca n't . 
  it 's dangerous to go alone . 
  take [ this ] ( https://edc2.healthtap.com/ht-staging/user_answer/avatars/425548/large/open-uri20121002-16037-4oc6a5.jpeg?1386599757 ) . 
  it just shows the absurdity of any info ban because it 's ` harmful ' or ` unethical ' . 
  no matter what good reasons make you to do it , the same moment you decide that this picture is child pornography and that one is the cultural inheritance of humankind , this book is an antisemitic freakish pamphlet that must be forbidden and burn and that one is the holy book of the ancient peaceful religion , the memorial of literature , exactly this moment you doom yourself into the abyss of doublethink . 
  and no way out . 
  it 's of course behind the simple fact that facebook is the corporation controlled directly by devil and yog-sothoth , brings the apocalypse to earth and must be exterminated in most torturous and sadistic ways for teh great justice . 
  it will be italy , obviously . 
  it 's better to live on welfare than to be a slave . 
  of slaves . 
  because in a totalitarian state all beyond `` exactly '' is absolutely unacceptable . 
  well , i asked about crimea , not about some territories putin occupies . 
   the occupation of crimea who does occupy it ? 
  i think we must warn putin that somebody tries to occupy a region of russia . 
  as you can see , beyond all its obvious benefits communist economics also effectively protects the society against inflation . 
  04:37 pm , renzi . 
  cccp never admitted its legacy from russia .
