  what ? 
  i love poland !, 
  i want her to be my wife . 
  russia is above the data . 
  at least in the projection they use for these data maps . 
  bombing of mars ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... [ success ], 
  irish , keep hands above the table . 
  but the current plan is to teach teens smoke , drink and use obscene vocabulary !, 
  oh , and twerking , of course . 
  if we must build new constantinople , then what it was about ? 
  i will tell them easily . 
  in his country franco choked communism at birth . 
  only for this his grave deserves to be covered in flowers until his bones turn into dust , `` hemos pasado '' to be engraved in floor of un headquarters and hopefully his birthday to be a celebration date for united earth . 
  when i say that spaniards must kill franco in themselves , they say `` yeah , what about putin , you bastard ? '', 
  when i say that franco does n't deserve desecration , they say `` yeah , what about putin , you bastard ? '', 
  it seems , i really must not think about franco . 
  it is like a crime . 
  no one good man would ever do . 
  no way . 
  franco never existed . 
  i 'll be a good boy , i oath !, 
  please do n't take me to 101 . 
  i do not think franco deserved this . 
  satan . 
  well , they were totally right . 
  nothing could be done and it stays this way . 
  for example , right now i can do nothing and i just did . 
  it has nothing related with the article . 
  it 's not about forcing unemployed to work , it is about labor as punishment . 
  except wine . 
  wait . 
  in every eu country there are at least 40 % of slim girls ? 
  good . 
  good . 
  if you are an old impotent , it does n't mean your sexual life is dead , it only means you are not very successful . 
  russia protests, 
  it is never late to try somefing new . 
  it 's good . 
  judge people for their actions , not for their thoughts . 
  buy her a motorcycle . 
  and cities are for people , not for cars . 
  why not ? 
  it 's all clear to me . 
  there was a swede , who realized his cover is blown and quickly escaped the scene . 
  why would n't eu subsidize some researches in this area ? 
  i am sure as soon as we know what is the radius of finnish anti-swede aura , we can build a real swede detector . 
  only god knows all these opportunities , all the possibilities , all the ways that will be open with something like that . 
  just think about it for a minute . 
  it 's a good idea . 
  royal navy , please , defend me . 
  sangria for all the day then . 
  spain did . 
  because fuck chess . 
  smart people play go . 
  or dynamic checkers . 
   ... well , i can find us a king tho . 
  michael of kent , obviously . 
  yes , it is exactly how i remembered your flag , netherlands . 
  oh , so you do n't feel you 're welcome here , little summer child ? 
  what the freakish pervert ill sentence it is !, 
  the graves are nice every time of year . 
  we refer to him as alexander . 
  it 's just there are more famous people by this name . 
  and pushkin is not a badass enough name for a rocket system . 
  god . 
  some frogger managed to shot his belly . 
  poland , your invader is too small for my motherland . 
  tesla are premium cars , not for an average consumer . 
  we all must respect the robot , if we want to survive . 
  thank god . 
  sedyuk went too far . 
  the chairman of people 's commissars of the soviet union vladimir ilyich lenin is a fucking cunt . 
  i can easily . 
  the primeminister stefan l\u00f6fven is a fucking cunt . 
  if i do cunny , wil you pardon me ? 
  `` dad , sun rises ! '', 
  `` is it rising properly ? '', 
  `` yes ! '', 
  `` it rises every day ? '', 
  `` yes ! '', 
  `` good . 
  do n't touch anything . '', 
  i thought , it goes counter-clockwise in the western hemisphere . 
   when 's the last time you saw a finn closer than 5 meters away ? 
  when he stabs your guts . 
  ps sorry for shaky handwriting, 
   mystery meat just grasshoppers . 
  so i see , we just swap the continents . 
  start packing your things , there is not so much time . 
  poland goes first , he already has experience with moving west , all others go on first come , first serve basis . 
  france , you take yucutan , it is the closest thing to a hexagon we have . 
  err , britain ... 
  put this stuff back , you do n't go anywhere . 
  for i was an president and ye gave me funds . 
  also [ this one ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41n2r91wahl._sx281_bo1,204,203,200_.jpg ) . 
  it 's not a discipline , it 's traumas . 
  i do n't deny , it 's a bloody sport ... 
  commutertraining is actually a sport that includes so many areas and competitions . 
  according to one established resource it is one of disciplines of trainsurfing ( techniques of outside train riding ) that also includes : * backside grabbing ; * frontside grabbing ( one must also be advanced in stealth disciplines to do this ) ; * side riding ; * open car riding ; * undercar riding ; * grab landsurfing ( with using skateboards ) ; * handcar riding ; * just-in-time grabbing ( like simple grabbing , only with moving trains ) ; * and of course roof riding , as the king of them all and probably most fascinating among all commuter sports , except maybe some forms of ticket inspector running ) . 
  orwell liked yorkshire pudding .
