  i perfectly remember how the threat of all ukrainian nationalist and a steel support of the party of lenin the first secretary of cpsu in ukraine leonid cravchuk turned into a first ukrainian nationalist and the hero of the whole nation the president of independent ukraine leonid cravchuk . 
   you can write whole books about how ukrainians are actually russian , it still wo n't convince many people who decided that they are n't . 
  of course . 
  because their political sights talk them that they are not russians . 
  if they are similar with russians in something , it is because stupid russians stole that from them . 
  but this music stops fast when you turn off central tv and change it with educational films about genesis of three-unite russian nation . 
   i guess food is enough right ? 
  fuck other rights . 
  it contrasts with this : washington post , of course , has no interests in changing the truth and showing crimean tatars as an oppressed minority . 
  this article is the literal hitler 's sandwich , it is built of layers with the true facts and the statements that must be taken without doubts that have no proofs . 
  crimean tatars were deported in 1944 . 
  the fact . 
  tatar activists are kidnapped , sitting in jail or killed . 
  believe this . 
  my nephew was kidnapped , a man said . 
  the fact . 
  the government did this , he believes . 
  and you believe this too . 
  it is characteristic , that the major part of this word equilibristics is built on the `` oppressions '' of mejlis . 
  mejlis is the what they call now `` ultranationalist '' organization that was created in 1991 for raiding , both corporate and against private property under color of `` restoring the justice '' for the deportation . 
  it was supported by the ukrainian government as a political tool in the region , as it was in strict opposition to the central government . 
  during the events of 2014 they claimed to resist occupants , spill blood of russian pigs , we will die for you , dear ukraine etc. 
  then they turned off water to crimea , stopped trucks , closed the border and finally a month ago they blew up power lines with demands to free their members from jails with the consequences in the whole russian region living without power for more then ten days . 
  all that is called terrorism in russia , it 's exactly why they are included in the list of forbidden organizations . 
  the washington post of course shows them as martyrs while fully ignoring all other organizations of crimean tatars who are not persecuted or oppressed . 
  for example , the political party `` milli firka '' , that in comparison to brave corsairs exists from 1917 . 
   proofs of this . 
  history of referendums in crimea , and its political structure . 
  how it became `` the autonomous republic '' ( the only one in the national state , by the way ) and how it was step by step taken of all its autonomy . 
   yes we can agree that russian army could n't have been in donetsk . 
  the equipment though was from their stocks . 
  the equipment was from the ukrainian stocks . 
  the ukrainian government always feared a revolt on the east and kept there weapons . 
  some of these storages were `` burnt '' during the ukraine existence , some were evacuated after the events , some were n't and were captured . 
   maybe not enough fuel trucks to go around to push the offensive ? 
  of course . 
  where to get fuel in russia ? 
  for syria it is possible to maintain a military operation , but ukraine ... no way , absolutely . 
   i think we can agree that in a border skirmish the russian army would have won , but occupying a country the size of ukraine is the sort of ambition normal military men would roll their eyes , shake their heads and politely exit the room . 
  ukraine is , luckily , still a centralized country with a big river that crosses it through the center with the loyal population on the one side . 
  and for the other side there are no other reasons to occupy something , nobody even doubted ever their independence . 
  true ukraine . 
   this is a far cry from sustaining an offensive by the regular army to occupy and garrison a territory as vast as the donbas even . 
  it was precisely counted how much men do you need to occupy and control the whole ukraine . 
  the reason was about 200,000 troops . 
  it is a big number , it is hard to support all the time , but thank god , all these are temporary measures . 
   no support with the local population of course now there is no support , after putin did n't start to free them and let the government put into a jail or kill anyone who had too positive view of russia . 
  but these things are changing with the click of fingers . 
  today there is firtash building antitank hedgehogs on the coast and claiming that we odessites will never surrender to damned moscali occupants , tomorrow it is some abstract ivanov . 
  it suddenly appears that when the powers are loyal to your point of view , it is much easier to push it in masses . 
  but i think we will see yet how supportive they are . 
  saakashvili and all his nephews and cousins is just a spit to the face of russians ( and even some ukrainians , it seems ) . 
   no army to do it of course , where to get an army in russia ? 
  it is known that russians drunk all away . 
  you do give a russian a rifle , he sells it , buys vodka and drinks until he dies . 
  so no army . 
   no support within his own population . 
  of course , where to get support of putin in russia ...  oh good . 
  stalin is the only guilty person . 
  nobody else is responsible . 
  not the soviet union , not the succesor state . 
  why nobody else . 
  all the party of bolsheviks , with its next iteration as the communistic party of the soviet union . 
  and the rule that grows from it . 
  and stalin , and khruschev , and yeltsin , and putin , of course , everyone . 
  they will be judged and they will pay . 
  in the case of putin the court though will remember that he helped to return crimea , so maybe he will end with ten or fifteen years ( if he will be alive at the point , of course ) . 
  but still  no apologies . 
  no recognition of history . 
  it is something from the alternate history , maybe the ukrainian version of that . 
  the current power officially claims that stalin was a murderer and a criminal , deportations were illegal . 
  putin himself sighed the order about rehabilitation of crimean tatars , it is the document that exactly describes all about apologies , returning the property and other stuff . 
   fuck stalin for making it russian , but thank god for him otherwise this would have been very awkward . 
  it was not stalin who made crimea russian . 
  it was the empress catherine the great . 
   all my other examples are still true , and i believe the scots one is as well . 
  nope . 
  the only thing that makes australians unique is their geographical position . 
  if ukraine , for example , would be on the other continent ... well . 
  australians are still so british , so they even are the subjects of the british queen . 
   a proper analogy with ukraine would be if provence was a separate country where occitan would be a vibrant language , and the perspective on history and national heroes would be completely different from the french ones . 
  if france came through the pit of communism and it 's fall , it would end this way . 
  there are people in provence who talk about their independence and beautiful occitan language , maybe even translate their local poets from french to that , like ukrainians do . 
  the only difference they have no political power . 
  scots are not english . 
  because they are not anglo-saxons at first , they are celts . 
  100 millions , to be precise . 
   i agree with this . 
  the statements are related but not equivalent . 
  the indians from ohio have government grants for preserving their cultural heritage and are a recognised and protected minority now . 
  the crimean tatars have no grants for preserving their cultural heritage . 
  russia is a poor country . 
  they have only guarantees of preserving their cultural heritage in the shape of laws that secure them against ethnic or language discrimination . 
   this relates through wonderful contrast to the way in which tatar communities are treated in russian crimea . 
  ... we feed them . 
  no , seriously , contrasts with what ? 
   also it 's really ironic that you compare the north american ethnic cleansing that happened more than a century ago with how the tatars are treated in the crimea of 2015 . 
  i knew we could see eye to eye . 
  no , i do n't do it . 
  i compare the * modern * north american relation to indians with the * modern * russian relation to crimean tatars .
