  hide-and-seek championship more fits france . 
  italy would be great at the prisoner 's dilemma competitions . 
  actually they do . 
  when you have enough slaves you can tie one group of them into a big hammer and another group into a big anvil , and then you can beat this anvil with your hammer . 
  or you can place millions of young concubins on a square and make them clicking fingers of their left arm while drawing eights with their right foot . 
  this show is absolutely charming , i assure you . 
  you can gather population of all your planets around super volcanoes and kill them all with hydrogen bombs . 
  is n't it fun ? 
  now try to do all this stuff when you are not a world leader or even a hero . 
  but it is an american film . 
  also , the ones who got into a driving incident , they do not need any medical treatment . 
  they could drive better . 
  people with std can only come into hospital if they will prove they fucked nobody in their lives . 
  any mad people who were n't forced into madness by circumstances but went mad on their own must go out of asylums , of course . 
  i think , gathering taxes for links is very proressive and socialistic . 
  i am so glad that europe does n't betray the ideals of karl marx and other great europeans . 
  partially . 
  putin is the creature of the system that was built by same ghouls in other country one hundred years later . 
  and i would boo bolshevist hymns as well , so i really do n't know why you did write it . 
  i would boo it because it 's the anthem of scape-gallows who destroyed their country and europe in the process of murdering , raping and plundering . 
   also leading a group of people that thrive on peoples fears . 
  they make sleeping children see nightmares and then drink their tears , right ? 
  i saw something about them on tv . 
  and all other people were n't too . 
  best minds of europe : socially unadapted boys developing social medias on php in pauses between ping-pong games . 
  no , have absolutely no relations to it . 
  yeah . 
  froggers like montesquieu , la rochefoucauld and machiavelli must be left to more primitive nations , together with stupid boches like kant . 
  now some masonic cretin is the real thinker europeans should learn from . 
  after all , he is anglo-saxon . 
  russia might , but it does n't and probably never will . 
  because it is in the altitudes of risky farming . 
  so the only possible way to compare is to conquer denmark , exile all danes ( to prevent sabotage , of course ) , bring some russian colonists and wait for 50 years in full homeostasis ( well , easy enough ) and then compare statistics . 
  though any scientist will say that is as biased as fuck , because it does n't apply double blind method and lets a huge space for interpretations . 
  it 's better to randomly shuffle all the countries and look over the production . 
  to prevent experimentators from knowing which people they with , all must go through forced removal of tongues , random color painting of bodies and hair and if possibly shuffle transplantation of skulls and skin . 
  all nations that do n't participate in the experiment must be pushed to the reservations with strict control and shooting guards to prevent the attempts of sabotage . 
  and in fifty years we finally will be able to objectively compare denmark 's and russia 's farming production and reforms . 
  ps of course arms and legs must be amputated too if we want to prevent any leaks . 
   russia might have the biggest and most productive arable land ... in some other universe where all is exactly the same only russia has the biggest and most productive arable land . 
  and they forcibly change their gender . 
  mysterious mysteries await !, 
  is it healthy to eat flour-based dishes after a midday ? 
  dark-haired short men with light skin , suits of which brands fit them better ? 
  is it cost it to get a new iphone or it 's better to wait for a year ? 
  the scandalous leak that changed the world . 
  click [ the link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) to enter the world of modern patrick bateman . 
  of course . 
  with the apotheosis of moral in august 1945 . 
  the us provoked japan because you did sell them oil . 
  to the point their military economics was based on it . 
  and then banned it perfectly understanding that japan will have no other choice except war . 
  you did it because you wanted it , you wanted the war and you projected all the pacific war to push your influence . 
  of course . 
  both nazi germany and ussr have at least one advantage : they do n't exist anymore . 
  your metaphore is somehow fits this in the case it happens inside the context of some greek science fiction writer story `` chlao '' about the planet where car fuel is exactly the same liquid that flows through people 's veins . 
  no way the usa is the nazi germany . 
  it just ca n't be comparable . 
  the nazi germany are losers who never achieved even close murders-per-second rate . 
  you see , officer , things went that way . 
  i simply refused to sell him the air of my room ( he is asshole , anyway ) and supported my position by asphyxation through mechanical pressing of his neck . 
  and then he hit me !, 
  god !, 
  for what ? 
  look , there is a bruise over the brow . 
  yes , not very noticeable now , but yesterday it was very huge and very red . 
  what they did does n't opposite my words . 
  you want to say they were butchers , monsters , heartless beasts ? 
  i agree . 
  all the characters of this story were butchers , monsters , heartless beasts . 
  all were people . 
  what am i against is the attempts to shine the history in the lights of tolkienesque `` and then the great knights of north slayed the ugly abominations with the white flame of truth swords '' . 
  this white flame smells ashed people and the shame for this smell is what moves some people to seriously talk about how japan provoked the usa . 
  of course you thought , you just post photo of broken roads , finland , and all will laugh and start to discuss how government must asphalt more roads . 
  what you did n't notice is that right on this photo in middle whole tank lies in ambush . 
  yes , he was there all this time . 
  this is called maskirovka , finland . 
  they could have f 'd out of indonesia , korea , china , hokkaido , honshu and existence . 
  it is weird that they did n't agree . 
  after all , when a street thug comes to you and says something like : `` why do you need such a precious watch ? 
  i think , it 's too expensive for you '' , you do n't start a dispute , you give him your wallet , a wedding ring , a phone , car keys , dress off all your clothes , bend over , relax and try to take pleasure . 
  it 's literally what i said . 
  the usa tried to pull japan into war with all possible and impossible measures . 
  finally , japanese leadership realized that they are aimed as a prey , there will be a war , this war is inevitable and there is no chances for victory . 
  though acting immediately instead of waiting when the enemy will declare the war and come in all ammunition , in theory can give a ( ghostly ) chance of capturing the initiative . 
  as it did not happen and all the possible things to win the war vanished , the government started to do impossible . 
  like organizing full scale nationwide suicide pilots training program . 
  from the side it all of course can be seemed as fully retard . 
  the usa provoked japan . 
  obviously . 
  it is well known that the nazi leadership was deeply retard . 
  goebbels did n't know to write and speak , hitler regularly fell off the chair . 
  they gathered by evening in their tree house to senselessly move pieces over the board , naive germans thought it is their orders and accidentally conquered half the europe . 
  of course they all were very serious and strictly believed in human superiority based on size of a nose . 
  and let 's not forget that they were agents of atlantis . 
  earth poitics and any wars interested them very weakly . 
  their high and supreme misterious purpose was to pull earth inside out to find an ancient machine they could use to transform their hearts into a set of game dice . 
  you need some practice , lithuania ? 
  no need for serious building here , you can just ask . 
  are n't irish good enough in forced redistribution of american property ?
