  so it does the only it can do . 
  and poland is n't forgiven for that . 
  the problem with crimean tatars it is a nomadic civilization that lived on plunders and slavery . 
  i do not try to get any negative connotations here , it is just a historical fact . 
  nomads can quickly accumulate a large military force while having poor economics , and that dictates their way of development . 
  the territory of crimea was poorly developed because of this and the territory of novorossia was a wasteland . 
  nobody could settle it , because it was a killzone . 
  today you build there a house , tomorrow you go to turkey and next to galleys , enjoy your american dream . 
  when a settled nation ( like russian one ) manages to win over nomads by using its stronger economics and techs , it does . 
  and then spreads into territories that were uninhabited before and can be populated now . 
  that 's how it finally happened that there are territories in the heart of europe yet ancient greeks tried to colonize , but they were actually colonized by russians two thousands years after . 
   i just got confused . 
  is poland forgiven , or is n't ? 
  poland is forgiven for anything it could did in the past . 
  poland is not forgiven for what it does right now . 
  for example , ( let 's omit most painful examples ) poland is n't forgiven for what it demonstratively does with soviet memorials of wwii . 
  if this piece of clay is founded by russians , inhabited by russians , speaks russian , feel russian and is a historical part of russia , then it 's russia . 
  i think , this set of conditions is strict enough for any nation to take what is their , even though there are some separatist regimes who think otherwise . 
  who cries most loudly `` catch the thief '' ? 
  you can not steal what is yours . 
  it 's untrue . 
  i can not imagine a man who really ca n't forgive poland because of something happened in the xvii century . 
  it is not a negative date of hate to someone but a positive one ( of the nation reunited by its own forces and reclaiming power in the country ) . 
  if poland is n't forgiven , it 's because of modern poland and its politics to russia . 
  today we applaud poles who do n't think portugal is a part of spain . 
  because nationalist russians do n't . 
  when you are close to a u.s. air force plane , some invincibility will help , so you do a barrel roll . 
  you forgot the border between ukraine and crimea . 
  the organization that names itself `` crimean tatar council '' . 
  then we must kill it before it 'll devour us all . 
  then we can continue exploit the corpse . 
  no , turkey is forbidden . 
  and the idea that millions of men must be brain-fucked in the name of higher ideals ( culture etc ) is horrific . 
  ded moroz lives in great ustyug . 
  but french fries are french , is n't it ? 
  if it was belgian , we would call them belgian fries . 
  i wonder if you even understand how offensive it is . 
  i am not your student to take an examination from you . 
  wwi was the war that was mostly borne out of overwhelming contradictions between different nations , it has nothing to do with `` competing royal families '' . 
   i could point you out when soviet union had supported nazis . 
  and that was good for you ? 
   i could say ukraine was here for 20 years and you never had problems with them , just recently you found out they were fascists . 
  because during the 20 years there were moderates in charge who did n't use artillery . 
   but there is no point , i know you are living in alternative reality , when fueling war is good for you and justified . 
  no , do n't blame me . 
  it 's the alternative reality for you all who are ready to open their eyes and assume the facts . 
   if you love your minority so much , why are you forcing them to live in jkraine . 
  because they live in the place where their ancestor lived . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  they do n't leave to go anywhere , because it is their home , it was their home for three hundred years ago , and before them there was no one : the last inhabitants of this land vanished more than thousand years ago . 
  for poland it 's not important and that 's what i point to you . 
  with its position in the ukrainian problem poland clearly demonstrates that she is n't against russia as the state but against russians themselves . 
  and that can explain what is the problem with your eastern neighbors and whey they do n't like you very much . 
  maybe in latvia they call fascists communists , but here if you see a fascist , you call him a fascist . 
   help exactly how ? 
  by annexing a part of a territory just after the country got destablised ? 
  by supporting the government of fascists making a genocide . 
   why do those artillery attacks happen near border with russia , not poland or bielarus ? 
  because russians ( against whom they are targeted ) live at the border with russia , not poland . 
  what is happening to your eastern neighbours everyday is they die every day under artillery shell strikes . 
  while poland helps this process . 
   you simply can not use nukes without turning everybody against you . 
  surely . 
  every nation that used nuclear weapons against people has become a pariah of the world . 
  vice versa , killing a tyrant is the foundation of european civilization and the essential part of democracy . 
  it is only because charles has no balls to make an act any self-respected heir must do to his parent . 
  beavers are actually . 
  have you ever thought why they build all these dams across the whole planet ? 
  yes , at first sight it will look not very important , but the big picture will make you shiver . 
  because in 1930s-1940s if you did n't notice europe was bleeding to death . 
  though nothing can stop estonians on their way to high gdp . 
  that is the another scenario for you : estonians do not rise to the level of finland but rise to the sky in the form of smoke they have been turned into as finno-ugric untermensh . 
  that 's the problem with `` would be '' . 
  would be is such a long throw you must really know what you are talking about , so it works only in the shortest and simplest situations . 
  let me show you an another example of `` would be '' . 
  there was a calculation that showed that without the revolution today there would be 500,000,000 russians on the territories from jerusalem to kamchatka . 
  but there was a revolution . 
  it is well known who was the engine of the revolution . 
  bolsheviks were supported by two main forces : sailors ( who fled every serious battle , if i correctly remember ) and baltic sharpshooters , who were used on all the main directions of the front and then as the punishing forces in the russian cities . 
  can i simply write `` that 's what estonia stole from us '' and leave this conversation ? 
   so today estonia would have the quality of life or better than what 's currently in finland or today there would be no estonia , for example . 
  do ashes of holocaust knock into your heart ? 
  no , it 's very bad analogy . 
  at first , because to say that latvia ( or estonia ) had a plasma tv , a small elephant zoo garden and a pool with champagne before russians ( who broke the tv , ate the elephants and pissed in champagne , obviously ) is too an exaggeration . 
  at second , because it 's not `` stinky poor quality jacket '' but replacement of electric , water pipes , floors , painting the walls and furniture . 
  and hiring to a job . 
  in the reality by the way it 's the possible situation : a woman goes to the police saying that some stranger invaded her apartments , stealing her new plasma tv ( three tvs really ) and left a stinky jacket . 
  then they reveal that 1 ) not a stranger ; 2 ) tv is one , old and dusty , and not stolen ; 3 ) they live for years ; 4 ) the woman is angry by some reason : cheating or maybe unshared alcohol or drugs ( the typical story for the lower class of society ) . 
  etc etc. 
  i do not think , it 's the case of latvia ( or estonia ) - russia relations , so i think this analogy is wrong . 
  definely , the states can do dirty things to each other , and there is no defense like police on this level . 
  though it does not mean states can be narrowed down to rednecks , and it does not mean macroeconomics can be narrowed to the economy of a typical household . 
  an industrial complex is n't a household , and a terminator is n't a thug . 
  to russia , as the inheritor of soviet union 's debts . 
  because , you see , there can be only one of two . 
  either latvia was the part of soviet union , or it was occupied by soviet union . 
  if latvia demands money for occupation damage to latvian economy , then all that was built by soviet union is not latvian . 
  for example , after soviet union there some commie blocks remain . 
  not much cop , though this living square has its market value latvia did n't pay for . 
  let 's calculate it and see what it costs and then do the offset of debts .
