  russian has ten vowel letters and it has words that change their sense depending on accent ( a castle - a lock , for example ) . 
  and it uses an accent mark , maybe not so wide as in spanish , still absolutely legal sign . 
  but it does n't mean vowels marked by this sign are somehow separate . 
  i can not imagine unfriendly actions from czech side . 
  something like aggressive beer tapping maybe ? 
   bottom 3 : czech republic , i stopped to read at this place . 
  it 's stupid to fully disable any interactivity because the big brother . 
  ghostery . 
  i 've heard about bulgarian weightlifting federation ? 
  are n't they those people who goes into a gym like to job , 8/7 ? 
  if to judge only by similarity , then putin has dutch roots , because look at every painting of van eyck . 
  a couple of days ago those people tried to convince me they will not bend and never surrender their root and unique culture , because they are n't anglo-saxons ' dogs like germans ( or poles ) . 
  i see . 
  i wonder , why spanish letters are interpreted like diacritic . 
  they are n't truly diacritic , they are just usual vowels with an accent mark . 
  the same mark exists in russian , but it does n't mean it has letters like \u0430\u0301\u044f\u0301\u0435\u0301\u0451\u0301\u0443\u0301\u044b\u0301\u043e\u0301\u0438\u0301\u044d\u0301\u044e\u0301 . 
  of course it can . 
  there 's more living space than enough , greedy germans just do n't want to give their homes to refugees . 
  germany , brace up !, 
  you must do it , only in that way you can prove that you totally refused national-socialism . 
  til that dutch pm is n't able to find the middle of the atlantic ocean on the map . 
  maybe irish bureaucrats are just more effective than their belgian colleagues . 
  and because of its dislocation it can effectively defend irish privacy and protect data in every corner of the country . 
  names are like from some might & magic parts . 
  the problem of internet is moving of society from the `` elite '' closed caste of intellectuals to open egalitarian structure of amateurs . 
  they do not know , they guess and they make `` intuitive '' decisions '' , collecting all possible mental aberrations . 
  internet is produced by blind people or kids , who even did n't manage to become people yet . 
  i live in this world since i got the internet connection . 
  how can this ban exist ? 
  how it 's possible to check if a man had sex with a man before or had n't ? 
  to measure diameter of his anus ? 
  two or three months ago i did read the same story in the same words from the same ( well , very similar ) journalist who was a pro-videogames troll magnet . 
  trolls are a big danger nowadays , it seems , better to evade bridges . 
  it would not happen , if gibraltar was spanish . 
   i do n't see any firearms . 
  unless mace is suddenly considered a firearm firing bullets at a high velocity . 
  you are absolute pharisee . 
  the mace is n't considered a firearm . 
  and if they would have ar-15 , you would say `` i do n't see there ak 's '' . 
  to capture the state buildings with stones and sticks is normal , while the same with ak is a crime . 
  to capture the state buildings with morgensterns is pretty well , while the same with ak is a crime . 
  to capture the state buildings , again , with fumigation by burning tires is regular and the same with ak is n't . 
  to capture the state buildings with chains and molotov cocktails is super , not so far with aks . 
  what 's the kind of logic this one ? 
  but , well . 
  maybe it 's just because i live in so stable country , while the world is slowly drowning in the sea of chaos , and things i found wild , like a mob that pushes out state employees and squats a building in the center of the city , they are somewhat common and nothing extraordinary . 
   your implication was somewhat clear . 
  nice to see you change your tune when confronted , though . 
  again . 
  you think i change your tone , when i say , that the current ukrainian regime has no direct policy of genocide , but just : * kidnaps its citizens and kills them in the wilderness ; * tortures them right in law enforcement buildings ; * shoots them using military technique ; * hunts them using mobsters and ultra radical organizations ; * and , of course , strikes them using the artillery and tactical ballistic missiles , with such an approach , i see , what 's the position of europe . 
  fascists ? 
  where fascists ? 
  it 's all putin fabulated . 
  he drinks too much vodka , then starts to dance on the table , grab girls for soft places , goes to the radio and indoctrinates poor europeans with its evil propaganda . 
  fascists , they are how , they build furnaces , and then they burn there jews , six millions of jews . 
  can you show me furnaces ? 
  can you show me six millions dead jews ? 
  you see , no fascism in ukraine . 
   you are free to show me pictures of maidanuts armed with aks , rpks , etc. 
  storming cop stations . 
  [ you are welcome ] ( http://antikor.com.ua/foto/articles_foto/2884.jpg ) . 
   empty words with no substance . 
  do show me where genocide took place . 
  i 've never told the word `` genocide '' . 
  just terror , political terror . 
  some dead people here , some assassinations here . 
  lynch trials . 
  the `` corridors of shame '' . 
  sometimes the stakes . 
  sometimes the machine guns . 
  not total massacre , of course . 
  ukrainians would start full holocaust only in the case if they 're guaranteed that `` vatah '' would be tied up and lined in front of the infinite-length pit . 
  no hitler , just all these small little pretty things until they 'll starve on this own . 
   i do n't remember maidanuts storming cop stations while armed with aks , rpks , rpgs . 
  what to do , people 's memory is short . 
   now they are getting killed and buried in some forest . 
  then again , you seem to believe there would have been some genocide if they had n't taken up arms . 
  no , they are n't . 
  sometimes they are killed under artillery shelling , but not like that . 
   then again , you seem to believe there would have been some genocide if they had n't taken up arms . 
  i believe nothing . 
  i know what would happen , because it did happen : in those cities that have n't managed to create its own protostates . 
  i know what happened in dnepropetrovsk , kharkov and odessa , and they know . 
  that 's why they 'll suffer but will not surrender , they definitely know what 's the better for them . 
   assaulting police stations is n't something i 'd say is normal . 
  assaulting police stations is n't something normal , but that 's the realties of the civil war . 
  it , by the way , started from the assaulting police stations , prefectures , townhalls , so they just copied their enemies tactics . 
   that was their choice . 
  it 's not like they 'll get better - being a part of russkiy mir entails poverty and corruption . 
  being a corrupted and poor is infinite times better than being a dead and buried in some forest . 
  no matter how they smell now , roasted meat smells worser . 
  they decided to live normal lives . 
  if their lives are n't normal enough right now , it 's because they are in the center of civil war , with half-the-world applauding their murders and how they are choked . 
  it 's still a better alternative than that would happen without their existence . 
  i see dog shit all my life . 
  only to check news and there all these `` kiev did this '' , `` kiev did that '' . 
  i think , it 's the main reason for these republics to exist : people do n't like feel this stinking . 
  of course , because they are n't . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  you can not seriously talk with french about languages , because as soon as he hears the word `` english '' his eyes rapidly engorge , he climbs up the table in the napoleon 's pose and start to make a flaming speak about how they are forced to learn only english and speak english in their home country .
