  if turks can vote in turkish referendums it means they are turkish citizens who will vote in turkish territory ( embassies and consulates ) . 
  germany can expatriate all the turks , break the diplomatic relations , declare a war if it wants but it ca n't mess with an independent state internal politics like referendums even if it 's about raping all children and sacrificing their corpses to hitler 's spirit , it 's definitely not for germany to decide whether foreign citizens can or ca n't vote for it . 
  i think , it 's actually very useful that europe as general has two values that are most important simultaneously : democracy and ethics . 
  if we want to punish turkey for something then we remember `` ethics is above all , there are things one can not suffer even for democracy '' , if we want to encourage turkey it 's `` this is amoral , but it 's free will of people '' , and this ball can fly between shells with supersonic speed if needed . 
  what it has to do with ulm ? 
  obvious man with nine candles . 
  with phallic things the big is the better . 
  obviously , it is mandatory for germans to take vacations . 
  it 's about world safety . 
  i 'd do it to survive , it 's better to lose one side of life than all of them . 
  and even if you 're gay , it does n't mean women ( you 're forced into relations with ) ca n't be your friends and partners - except you 're a total misogynist . 
  so it 's about losing sex that is just a pleasure after all . 
  people can live without chocolate , i 'm sure they can be used to live without sex , if there is a strict need for it . 
  but i wrote not about this . 
  the second sentence is more important . 
  no matter , if you 're a gay doing gay things , a gay that does n't do gay things , a hetero doing hetero things , a hetero doing gay things , it does n't matter . 
  it 's a murder that will kill you , not your gayness . 
  and the problem is while it 's very easy to prove something exists ( by demonstrating an example of it ) , as aristotle says it 's impossible to prove something does n't . 
  if you 've never had interest to any human in your life and not even to any living being ( because you 're a necrozoophile ) and you 're blamed for homosexualism - what will you say in your defense ? 
  so , my saying is to answer this one phrase ' a homo must be scared and powerless here ' . 
  it 's absolutely true and still it has no sense . 
  because anyone must be scared and powerless here . 
  your sexuality just does n't matter . 
   i.e. 
  having sex and not being married for example returning to home too late . 
  if you are a homo you can ( not easily i suppose ) fuck only women and never try to fuck a man or even meet someone with this sexuality . 
  though they can blame and kill you even if you 're not really a homo . 
  do n't worry . 
  arabian empire has green colors . 
  it 's soviet union . 
  do n't you think the board is too short ? 
  would be extremely discomfort to sit so close to someone . 
  well , with this i start to see a point in le pen 's speech against shengen . 
  in russia we do n't leave a parents ' home at all , that 's why gray . 
   i guess it could be explained with the history of capitalism vs. communism , but i feel like there 's more to it . 
  as russian empire of 1913 differs in nothing from other western powers , it 's with the history of capitalism vs communism . 
  things go down it seems , when isis rules for 100 years . 
  i love you too , netherlands . 
  though male muslims consume alcohol by nights when allah sleeps and female muslims do n't . 
   i hope that some people will be kind enough to gouge out their eyes in return because police obviously wo n't do anything about it . 
  yeah , let 's go full iran . 
  i never learnt hungarian though i pretty well remember learning spanish when i realized that a conjugation table for an ordinary verb contains like 150 forms ( or 200 ? ) . 
  though they are built by strict rules . 
  well , except 100-200 verbs you will use most of the time that change this regular table in random places . 
  and they are damn short so you ca n't recognize them by their shape or sounding , just learn every one in every exception . 
  however , it 's still so much superior to english . 
  i do n't get humor of this picture . 
  that hungarian has a few hundreds forms of one word ( and one can easily see it 's one word with specifying additions , not hundreds of different words ) is not funny . 
  what is really funny is how the english dictionary is laughably overbloated with millions of useless words needed only because the language is so ` simple ' it can not adequately pass info . 
  god bless hungarians and their difficult language . 
  migrants , no guns , planned economy -  police state , repressed journalistic and political freedom , insane state corruption , aggressive foreign policy . 
  there is no a better driver for corruption and thievery on all levels that making laws that violate the main and most important of all human rights : to own private property . 
  when people are treated unjustly and robbed without reasons they will lose any desire to work honestly and keeping their morals in amoral society . 
  when people have no guns , no dogs and no doors to defend their homes there is nothing that could stop people of state , people who monopolized violence , guns and dogs , to come in and do whatever they want in their own police state with repressed freedom . 
  that all already happened in soviet union and if europe wants to move further in this direction then it deserves nothing better and let it be . 
  anyone who does n't respect their freedom will not save it . 
   let 's hope most people are paid-trolls here and i personally hope european lefts will drown in their shit with their dear migrants , no guns , planned economy and another things they like . 
  nice weather on mars . 
  for to not talk with a cashier more times than it 's needed . 
  my grandma 's one had ... cookies . 
  a man who drinks wine instead of whiskey is already homogay so it 's not important . 
   will his eye remain green forever ? 
  no , it will be black after they use hydrochloric acid . 
  but he is right . 
  montenegrine wines are a huge loss and i still think how to live next without it though probably chilean , argentinian , californian , hungarian , french , spanish , italian and russian wines somehow will close that gap . 
  only there is close to nothing armenian wine in nature . 
  there are a few areas in armenia where grapes grow well , and they use almost all of it for brandy . 
  armenians make pomegranate wines instead . 
   who in russia can even afford it ? 
  prices start from $ 2.5 for a bottle . 
   hey , you guys exist after all !, 
  you doubted lukashenko has internet ? 
  some historians assume the remains belong to vasiliy alexandrovich geiman . 
  it 's not correct because the departed has staff officer epaulets , not general ones , with thin fringe , not thick . 
  also his clothes have no buttons , that says about more later uniform ( after 1882 ) . 
  you see , guys , there will be a day once when you die and they put you in a coffin and bury deep under the ground . 
  and your flesh will tear away from your bones , your lips , your nose , your ears , your eyes , all will be gone . 
  all but a beard that will be as mighty and beautiful as it always was . 
  that 's something to think about . 
  yeah . 
  it seems that circles represent living areas with triangles for industry ( ? ), 
  and squares for commercial centers . 
  big living areas on edges of the city that gather too much - out passengers moving to their workplaces is a large issue for moscow subway , for example . 
  vykhino is a cheap living district in the end of its subway line and the station here connects with the railroad station that moves workers from suburbs and close towns . 
  as a result , if you live in the similar district around the second station in the line , you 'll either wait long or zip yourself well as a train is already full when it leaves the first station . 
  what will you say about shenkaisen with a carriage ? 
  yeah , i talk about people that lived in britain when romans arrived and decided : ` well , they call themselves brits so let 's call this land britannia ' . 
  as far as i know these people were celts . 
  yeah but i meant brits , not anglo-saxon . 
  oh , common . 
  what 's common between the modern danes and vikings ? 
  it seems , vikings just extincted with time and someone else colonized their lands . 
  poland maybe ? 
  no , no , arkhangelskaya oblast , kola are definitely north . 
  so ... how much additional centuries greece must work to cover their debts ? 
  can prove . 
  the biggest side effect of learning spanish was i accidentally started to understand a bit of what italians are talking about . 
  also there were those islands , do n't remember which ones , with a good domain area . 
  i explored their nic for like ten minutes and there was so much broken words it was actually difficult to understand their registration rules . 
  then i checked wikipedia and realized the official language of these islands is french .
