  it will be a slaughter of children . 
  czechs are biggest smartasses as always with their fractal flag . 
  so , you 've found people are jerks . 
   descendants of mighty rome !, 
  gypsies are closer to horse lords than mighty rome ... 
  swatch internet time . 
   i watch stuff on streaming but i at least will admit that it 's wrong . 
  there were times onanism was considered as wrong . 
  and i see many onanists around but somehow i do n't see any of those states that tried to cure them by throwing into asylums and stuff . 
  why ca n't we just admit that our copyright laws are ancient bullshit that was created by people who thought that any info must be something material like a paper book or a celluloid film or at least a human who can talk only to people close to them and travel not more than two hundred kilometers a day . 
  we can copy information unlimited and we 'll do , as well as people do n't stop masturbate as long as they still have dicks . 
  and if you put a law punishing masturbation with chopping off both hands , you just create a society of hypocrites who chop hands , write reports , blame onanists and still masturbate , masturbate and masturbate . 
  basically , what states to do here is whipping the ocean for it sinking ships . 
  magnet is a link , not a file . 
  it takes like ten times more than just wash your hands : to spread soap over your hands , let it stay for a while , then rub hands washing it down and so on . 
  i ( opposite to other redditors here , it seems ) do n't piss my hands usually , so it 's only about a toilet seat touched for a second . 
  probably no need for artillery . 
   who does n't wash his goddamn hands after taking a dump ? 
  i use only water after peeing , so by this poll i am among those who does n't . 
  and rightly so . 
  what a stupid way to spend urine for skin , when it 's such a precious liquid able to cure a lot of diseases and damages of internal organs . 
   we just had elections and that turned out quite well . 
  we 're being threatened by erdogan of turkey but we 'll survive . 
  after all , it 's austria that should fear the war between turkey and netherlands . 
  little money , the long bumblebee . 
  it is the quote of the memetic misheard lyrics for this [ lebanese song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5p-5mcplw0 ) that sounds in russian like : `` where do whores live , shaggy whores ? 
  little money , the long bumblebee , do n't walk into the tilt cart ! '', 
  the reference is to a popular nickname of medvedev ( the bumblebee ) and his answer about pensions : `` there 's no money but you hang in there !, 
  all good to you , nice mood and health . '', 
   ( or however they 're called there ) when they are punishing and repressive we call them gendarmes . 
  in flames . 
  balkan political discussion . 
  you are just envy you are n't a honorary citizen of mordovia . 
  that 's sergei shnurov , a rock musician , taking out the trash , it seems . 
  they broke the constitution and i do n't want them dead . 
  the danger of nuclear war is close . 
  i think we must protect them by any possible measure . 
  lead augmentations must help with radiation resistance . 
  as both are radical fundamentalists who are against cyborgification one needs to use remote installation of these implants . 
  actually these fires start from big smartness , not stupidity . 
  elementary , when a building is burned down , nobody can said what was inside ( and what was n't ) . 
  very useful , when you sold something you could n't sell . 
  whoever did this , please continue to spread goodness . 
  mizulina and milonov need forced improvement too . 
   but then whoever becomes disloyal gets charged with what they all do !, 
  the case against him started in the years when he was more loyal than a dog . 
  as he was a mp , he had immunity . 
  immediately after he fled his immunity was gone with his mp status . 
  after it they pushed the case against him . 
  it 's about european parliament . 
  also obama not allowed to stroke [ this dog ] ( http://s6.pikabu.ru/post_img/2014/03/20/9/1395320500_77354118.jpg ) . 
   but i can not for the life of me remember one chord in jamala 's song . 
   do you think this is at the same level of the other two ? 
  they all are archetypic . 
  whatever story is written since these times , it 's either about war ( generally a conflict of two or more groups of people directly opposing to each other ) , returning or a quest for some treasure . 
  no matter what you try to write , you will repeat in some sense of these three . 
  that 's why they are most important texts of literature . 
  and plato works are science , not literature . 
  the language does n't matter here at all . 
  all he said he said in the language of mathematics . 
   ancient greek and latin have been taught in high schools around europe until very recently yes , we can learn them . 
  and still they are dead languages known only by ones of many many people . 
  and still ideas written in these languages live up to this day and change our world significantly , while only specialists have read original texts . 
  what i try to say the world did n't become more poor when latin died , because it was death of only a tool , a good tool , but one of many . 
  all important is safe . 
  i 'll say a horrific and abominable thing for this sub , but humankind would be much happier speaking one language . 
  the three most important pieces of literature ever written ( the iliad , the odyssey and the argonauts ) are created in a dead language , and still nobody cares about language beauties that were lost in it . 
   and india must have 10,000 !, 
  10,000 souls and a billion of soulless pariahs to serve them . 
  exploitation of bangladeshi children is always more profitable . 
  silicone valleys start when you want some money but all bangladeshes are already exploited , so you need to create a more smarter plan . 
  nope . 
  the situation of plc serves was much worser than of cccp ones . 
   friend of horses . 
  horselover . 
  plc is almost the worst state of all in exploitation of people by people , that has nothing common with eu and its principles . 
  the german reich is a good example . 
  holy roman empire in general . 
  historical switzerland . 
  people are just so used to live in the world divided by huge administrative formations called states that have a flag , an anthem , a parliament and so on , they have difficulties with realization it is not `` default '' state of things . 
  states are only one possible form of human cooperation , states in modern meaning appeared not earlier than 1648ad , and empires even later ( yes , roman empire is not empire too ) . 
  mongol empire was n't empire , was n't a state and was n't a country . 
  it was a horde . 
  more precisely , many hordes . 
  the meaning of `` territorial size '' just can not be applied to it , because it had no territory at all , and therefore it must not be included in this list . 
  fourth . 
  mongol empire was n't empire and simply was n't . 
  but the sun is always at ... 
  wait . 
  it explains a lot . 
  well , i do n't equate `` different '' and `` stupid '' . 
  stupid is not different , it 's very common . 
   the fire in smyrna started 5 days after the greek army left the city seems like work of greek arsonists . 
  armenians are really stubborn . 
   just a random example : a kid with rich inner world who did n't know grammar but did know everything about state politics killed himself because he was n't understood . 
  he 's like the paragon of ukraine . 
  it means that his father 's name is vladimir and also shows the attitude . 
  calling a man by his name and patronym is a polit form . 
  calling a man by his his name , patronym and surname is extremely official . 
  so there 's no way he could change the phrase without losing the sense .
