  and then those books i tried to read thinking `` damn , so bad ocr ... how it 's even possible to make a typo in every second word ? '', 
  only to find ` portugal ' somewhere in the last page . 
  the conclusion : learn any roman language if you want to talk with all the world . 
  torchlights look like a nice idea for genocide remembrance . 
  nothing can ruin a roman name . 
  i suspected there 's something uncommon about macron 's wife so i checked wikipedia and ... well . 
  what i actually waited for . 
  i just wonder how it happens that every french president is some walking stereotype about french ? 
  so irish hate their celt brothers brits ? 
  from other russia . 
  who has never made the way by themselves can not realize the scale , so it 's no wonder to someone it seems close . 
  and of course st-petersburg is one of things that russians can be proud of . 
  also , it 's a poor area that was a total shithole 25 years ago . 
  it is very far in physical sense , and of course it was underdeveloped in 90s when it fell into the ` crime capital ' shithole . 
  i do n't think so . 
  in 90s he was a yes-man for actually powerful figures , dealing with criminal and some corrupt schemes about contraband in a far , not very developed region . 
  that is indeed bad but nothing compared to two generations living in animal conditions , working as slaves and literally paying with blood for every cent just for all the wealth to be taken by a man with beautiful blue eyes and used to buy some old british shit . 
  i just pointed the obvious fact that the better ( in quantity and quality ) army is , the lesser the chance that someone will attack . 
  the biggest use of having an army is to keep it useless . 
  i almost wrote the sarcastic comment about nice lads in germany , then i realized a ` lad ' means a male creature . 
  and i decided to left an ironic stereotypic comment about gayness of this map and how i must use holy water for my display now . 
  then i realized this would be totally out of time with current events in , well , russia . 
  damn . 
  well , maybe ... why greenland is not totally green in this map ? 
  i think it 's not cool that they give the same grants to physicists who need planetary-sized buildings to learn something new and mathematicians who need a pencil and to be left alone . 
  galkovsky wrote a lot about this . 
  to be a scientist in russia is an extreme example of self sacrificing and altruism . 
  moving to a job that requires no education at all ( like moving papers around in an office ) will be like three times more profitable . 
  any scientist in russia must strictly believe that a ) russia is good and it 's a duty to help its scientific successes ( otherwise he would be a scientist somewhere else ) , and b ) that science is good and it 's a duty to push it with all forces ( otherwise he would work in commerce or industry ) . 
  i ca n't say for real far rights like neo nazis who celebrate hitler 's birthday and make a nazi salute but can describe the position presented by societies around sputnikipogrom.com , national democratic party , galkovsky and so on . 
  soviet union was an anti-russian state , created by either direct agents of hostile powers , saboteurs or just crazy people , fortune seekers , renegades from the bottoms of the society . 
  the politics of soviet union was to prevent any attempts of russians to unite and rebel , therefore they were suppressed of all rights and access to power . 
  any time in soviet union 's history russians were less free than inhabitants of other republics and eastern block . 
  while after the collapse of soviet union all new countries moved to nationalism , nothing changed in russia and soviet power is still there , not admitting ever existence of russians as an ethnicity and not giving them any rights while fully supporting anyone else with laws , money and direct force . 
  russian federation is the literally worst , nauseous state at the world . 
  the regime will never change and is absolutely hopeless . 
  it can be only destroyed - peacefully or by force with hypothetic russian national state taking its place . 
  this state must be built using the experience of western countries , with developed democratic institutes and as much freedom as possible , including the freedom of press . 
  any political convicts must be freed , any political paragraphs of the criminal code exterminated . 
  however , russians and their problems are of top priority . 
  if chechens ' traditions order them kill all gays , it 's ok to create a reservation for them in puerto-rico style , where they can establish any laws they want , with no rights to vote in federal elections , access to other russia ( visa regime ) , no rights to have weapons , serve in any defense and law enforcement structures ( including the local ones ) and under supervision of a general-governor from moscow . 
  but with shariah law and official polygamy if they want , money and free access to move to sweden , norway , any place they want and are waited . 
  some of our neighbors exist only because of our credits , gifts , trade preferences . 
  some of our neighbors are also nationalist regimes building their identity on oppressing russians , sometimes robbing and even killing them . 
  both ca n't be true at the same time . 
  if it is , it 's very bad and unacceptable . 
  therefore ukraine and belorussia must be either occupied or just choked until death ( it 's enough to just close support from russian federation for a couple of years ) , because nothing can be fixed there . 
  what it did n't happen yet and putin ignores the genocide of russians at ukraine and calls it as ` our partners ' is just another crime of the soviet regime . 
  all others will be treated accordingly to how they treat their russian population . 
  also , citizenship must be provided to any ethnic russian by first request , possibly to other ethnicities that have no home except russia but definitely not uzbeks for example . 
  for middle asia the visa regime is undiscussable . 
  the existence of abkhazia and south osetia is just another crime of the soviet regime , they must be maximally distanced of , building a wall is good idea . 
  if they have something with georgians afterwards , it 's their problems . 
  fsb are useless alcoholics anyway that do nothing , they must be downsized significantly , resources given to police that does at least something useful . 
  poland is especially important as russia is based on their culture and history in many ways . 
  also it built a successful national state . 
  their experience must be gained and applied , the collaboration must be intensified . 
  also , the cunning plan to propagate their literature and publish it as much as possible in original . 
  and cyrillic simultaneously . 
  so every russian could speak polish , just in case . 
  possibly joining the eu and nato , if there will be possibilities for it and on good conditions that do n't harm russia 's industry , economics or military . 
  anyway , at least moving in that direction . 
   the chechens have no say in chechnya . 
  this is all kadyrovs doing . 
  who 's entirely not chechen . 
  also his clan that is totally not chechen too . 
  and those chechen parlamentarians that supported him fully are not chechens . 
  and those 15,000 chechens that gathered in the central mosque of chechnya capital to promise a full revenge to any shaitan who tries to say a bad thing about chechens , absolutely not chechens . 
  i think , eventually we will find one or even two true chechens . 
   when you 're poor or there 's lot 's of job insecurity . 
  going to the science to become richer is probably the most stupidest thing i 've ever heard . 
  at least to the russian science . 
  i 'm macron , and i am very disappointed about this . 
  these last questions do n't even give you real options . 
  so what is the open market ? 
  freedom , solidarity and equality or solidarity , freedom and equality ? 
  and i do n't mean i am against the open market but are there options ? 
  and options against terrorism are either sharing private data or living like nothing happened to show our spirit 's strength . 
  seriously ? 
  so either you are left , left , left or neo-nazi . 
  where are the normal rights of europe ? 
  why if i am of right wing i must strictly depend the destruction of schengen zone , euro zone , eu ? 
  there is a lot of construction machines able to cheapen construction and increase workforce productivity . 
  they do n't need to be android unversal workers able to carry logs , lay down brick walls and terminating undesired humans . 
  and the only reason they are not used so much right now is slaves need less money to invest in firstly . 
   cheap sub-human labour robots are subhuman enough . 
  absolute hitler . 
  so navalny wants to close borders with middle asia ? 
  no more illegal workers ? 
  no more drug traffic ? 
  no more retards chopping children heads and blowing up a subway ? 
  well , now it was a serious argument , kremlin . 
  evpatiy kolovrat , a boyar of xiii century . 
  during the mongol invasion of rus he recognized that mongol army is closing to ryazan , gathered a few troops he could and immediately went there . 
  the city was already burned down when he reached it , he added some survivors to his warband and continued to pursue mongolian forces . 
  finally he reached them , immediately attacked and brought great destruction in their backs . 
  everyone who followed him died but he continued to fight , best mongol warriors tried to defeat him but either escaped or died . 
  finally they used some siege rams to kill him for good . 
  ivan susanin , a peasant of xvii century that lived in surroundings of kostroma , close to the place where the new chosen tsar and first romanov stayed . 
  a regiment of poles wandering around planned to find and kidnap the tsar .
