  it is very sad , germans , such talented nation , are doomed to be eternal underdogs of europe . 
  yesterday they disallowed nuclear energy , today they turn into migrants ' trash-yard . 
  hey , germans , how about paying for royal army forces upkeep ? 
  to buy mistrals from france ? 
  to forgive greece 's debts ? 
  you are very generous people , it seems . 
  to kill dmitry rogozin . 
  thank god, 
  there is even more . 
  russia is exactly where russia is , and they still give her no permit to join nato . 
  but austrians are germans . 
  it 's not russian method , it 's georgian method . 
  welcome to russia , it 's safer here . 
  i think , they must be forgiven . 
  after all , to urinate after six bottles of beer is natural need of a man , his essential right , i would say . 
  two friends met , decided to drink a couple of beer , then they drove on the train while discussing the nuances of european languages origin . 
  the train was slow , they decided to urinate . 
  who could knew there will be some children ? 
  those children , they always run there and here . 
  godspeed those brave young guys interesting with their own history . 
  yeah . 
  they are germans after all . 
  why to not add some organization to the process ? 
  create a structure that deals with problems of immigrants , build special towns for them , create identification signs , take their biometric data . 
  that 's how adult states decide problems . 
  `` more or less '' is unknown . 
  there is a big possibility this food is n't beautiful true caloric healthy european food , but shitty cheap spoiled european food , that is bought for a song to be sold at russia as exclusive by the highest price . 
  at regular circumstances there would be enough to check documents of the cargo to recognize it . 
  but that is contraband with falsified documents . 
  there 's even no possibility to check food , because there is no any proof all this is one party of good , falsified documents again . 
  that 's why we burn , not because we are too stupid and hate geese . 
  it is of higher quality , only nobody can prove it is safe eu food , because documents of it are falsified . 
  it is anonymous food . 
  maybe we talk about different cabbage soups . 
  russian cabbage soup always includes meat , no matter , which ever . 
  my grandma cooked it with beef , my mom uses chicken . 
  of course , my leader can not use the food for anyone , even if he wants it . 
  this food was n't only transferred illegally through the border , it has false documents . 
  and the state has no resources to check all this food out , it 's cheaper to buy normal and legal food for orphans instead . 
  how it can be ? 
  there always must be two monarchs , a pupil and a teacher , and to become a teacher a pupil must kill his teacher , is n't it ? 
  my friend was on the vacation in egypt , and once after swimming at sea he recognized his towel and towels of his family were stolen . 
  to evade the penalty for missing towels he stole some towels too . 
  while leaving a beach , he met some people , their towels were stolen too , and he advised them to steal another ones . 
  i think , this chain is not broken up to this day . 
  at first , we there in russia have another food except cabbage . 
  at second , cabbage soup is very delicious , i ate it for dinner today , and i do not understand exactly what is the relation between your tastes and orphans in russia . 
  i will not feed any kids with beef from uganda , or somalian cheese , because i am not a total asshole . 
  yes , it has , and their inhabitants deserve normal food , not gray import with fake documents . 
  there is no a big chunk of population that lacks of food , and there is no possibility to handle products of unidentified origin from nobody-knows-where . 
  are n't there giant serpents and other wyrms in welsh lakes ? 
  i am proud of the colonisation history of my country and i only feel a pity , the empire has fallen . 
  with existing russian empire ( and spanish , by the way ) the world would be been much safer and better place for everyone . 
  anyway , it 's impossible , because this gold was probably added to the party 's gold . 
  and all of it was stolen 25 years ago . 
  your gold is now somewhere at london or , maybe , in some secret bunker in sweden . 
  technically , it 's not . 
  if the republicans sent this gold to preserve it from franco 's hands , then they decided it 's their gold , not spain 's ( as long as franco is a spaniard ) . 
  but that was gold of the republic . 
  no treasure for fascists . 
  of course , it 's the win over napoleon in 1812 . 
  you use andersen as a stand for your monitor . 
  what a shame !, 
  you , danes , have no sacred things . 
  my uncle accidentally crushed some german 's motorcycle by `` ural '' truck , when he was serving in occupation forces at eastern germany . 
  nobody was harmed , thank god , except the motorcycle and my uncle that was pushed away from the army . 
  there is a lot of democracy in greece now : democratically elected prime minister starts the referendum , ignores the results and immediately resigns . 
  they will have been voting until they will vote correctly , that is democracy . 
  what a nonsense . 
  almost every spy is a triple agent . 
  only a fool works for one intelligence . 
  greece is a very rich country , i see . 
  elections , reelections , referendums ... 
  that 's how polish hell looks like . 
  well , as we see , it can . 
  the percent of homosexuals must be the same according to supporters of the theory sexuality is chosen from origin , and much lower than 49 % . 
  how it can be ? 
  i only see one possible way . 
  teenagers do not realize fully their sexuality yet , and society does n't help them much . 
  instead it fulfills tv , web and other information channels with information about gays , lesbians , bisexuals , transgenders , again and again until a kid that had no real experience yet , starts to think be a gay is something cool and positive , better than gray boring heterosexuality , so he/she is probably homosexual too . 
  it is something like what happened with orkut for brazil . 
  livejournal , maybe , was created for international use , but in russia it became not only another blog service . 
  the most bigger intellectuals chose it as a platform , so livejournal , if we drop ` true bloggers ' with funny kitten , diaries , photos of babies etc , is the center of russia 's political life in the web . 
  i think , it 's not such bad and poor as you see it . 
  while learning spanish , i spent a lot of time watching spanish series and they are n't bad at all !, 
  the most interesting thing is the form : despite of tv standards among other countries like the us , france or , well , russia , spaniards give 1,5-hour long windows for series . 
  it allows them to produce plot-intensive well connected stories . 
  ` el barco ' is a good post-apocalyptical story that was spoiled only by the end , because of financial lack , it seems . 
  ` los protegidos ' are good something like ` urban fantasy ' story , i am maybe too old for this , but children would be satisfied , i 'm sure . 
  and of course , there is a shining pearl of ` el internado ' , it 's maybe one of the best series among the world . 
  the stakes and tension rise with every season , to the end it becomes absolutely epic . 
  you maybe can even think in the middle , authors do not know yet the full story , they just create it ` on the run ' , but after heart-breaking final the story turns to the beginning , turning it into one whole story . 
  absolutely masterpiece , and only a few shows ( `` breaking bad '' maybe ) can give you same feelings . 
  i really want to watch `` cuentame como paso '' , but can not find version with original subtitles , and their lack drops my level of understanding from 80 % to almost 30 % or maybe even less . 
  that all is a sad result of homosexualism propaganda . 
  why does europe must protect the falklands ? 
  are n't they argentinian ? 
  why do they need to have a mosque ? 
  they have no muslims . 
  those are robots , they are all chrome , it is a trend blah-blah-blah .
