  i fear , putin already started to hunt them . 
  ps if you are a polish submariner , do n't go to toilets , check under beds and behind wall calendars . 
  you can use this comment as your pass to any embassy of russian federation , where they will give you food , clothes and living place you will be able to leave when it will be safe . 
  so , why did you do that , poland ? 
  then they are angry with banning a pro-religious spectacle , now they are angry with banning an anti-religious spectacle . 
  what 's wrong with these people ? 
  til poland has fleet of submarines . 
  not the butthurt . 
  the eyescream . 
  * did you mean : * how dare they attempt to murder their own citizens . 
  incorrect order . 
  being hitler makes you literally occupied . 
  do n't know . 
  however , i 've not seen people shooting their kneels yet . 
  relax , i sit down in a warm apartment in dhaka , bangladesh . 
  still better than ukraine though . 
  when they threw off some statue of lenin , one of the ropes broke and hit one of the ` fighters ' . 
  the man lost both his eyes . 
  after reading this story , i somehow thought that is very ukrainian way of solving the problems . 
  what is this about ? 
  two ukrainian regions are without light right now and they partially stop some nuclear stations because of this operation . 
   nah , daesh is just a terrorist organization by definition , they were already enemies of europe before paris attacks . 
  as well as ukrainian government . 
  there are plenty of places you can google what you need , by the way . 
  just burn it . 
  but there are no muslims in slovakia , because there are no mosques . 
  welcome to chelyabinsk . 
  yeah . 
  the bigger corporations are the more they resemble soviet union . 
  it 's what really was it 's problem : socialistic economics is the logical end of unrestricted capitalist economics where one absorbs all other subjects . 
  so , let 's say another thanks to europe that they limit monsters like google or facebook . 
  it is not that way . 
  there was a civil war in chechnya . 
  pro-russian/pro-independence separation was only one aspect . 
  there were also traditional tribe and clan feuds . 
  but maybe the most important one was the religious separation : traditional muslims of caucasus sufis fought against wahabee sponsored by saudi arabia ( so it was obvious for the central government to support sufis ) . 
  and kadyrov is a current leader of this side who won in the civil war , he is n't just a tribal chief bought for shards of color glass . 
  isis are his religious enemies . 
  there are no chechens on separatists side . 
  they were . 
  nobody seemed them in battles though , mostly in the cities in battles against bazaar merchants and other dangerous hostiles . 
  when the cities were cleansed from marauders so were chechens . 
  now they all are dead or back in chechnya . 
  she also said that he did n't kill anybody except himself in the explosion . 
  if it is true , he can be a man who realized in the last minute he can not and ended his life somewhere far enough from other people ? 
  why to not imagine this one for a second , just for objectivity ? 
  the jet was blown not in russia . 
  by the way , i can remember the case when italy harmed russia . 
  a man who survived the world war two once told me how it was in these years in his village . 
  it was occupied by italians , and after german defeats on the fronts they finally retreated leaving behind a lot of cans with meat . 
  all villagers gathered around thinking about how , firstly for years , they will taste meat . 
  someone opened the first can ... well , they immediately picked all what they could to find and destroyed it , every one can . 
  it was better than even thinking about starting to eat frog legs . 
  without these 3-10 % the war would be totally lost for soviet union . 
  because you can not war effectively when absolutely all your army starved to death . 
  nobody will mourn russian victims of a terrorist act until russians recognize it as a terrorist act . 
  and , by the way , the coordinated multiple attacks in the center of one of the biggest european capitals is much more frightening catastrophe than blowing of a passenger jet in a third world country . 
  absolutely amazing sight . 
  no , britain must not pay for this . 
  we did our part of work , the british part of europe 's external borders is heavily secured ( no refugee managed to cross it yet ) . 
  and in case of stans there are secret services of the usa and china for competition . 
  they are called naval mines , greece . 
   why the fuck would house of saud help isis in any way because saudi arabia funds wahabee movement for decades , funding extremists is the part of their foreign politics . 
  yes . 
  their point is senseless . 
  the more they try , the more europe becomes united and ready to plunge the heart of darkness . 
  poland stronk, 
  russia lost the second world war because of spectacular failures ( link to operation barbarossa # 1941-autumn ), 
   due to russia 's spectacular failures in wwi that did never exist . 
  barbarians, 
   so , and which country is russia going to invade and destabilize after you are done with gerogia , ukraine and syria ? 
  poland, 
  he joined not some politically neutral group like syrian army , but ypg . 
  what after the isis defeat , when this group will start to destroy existing states of the middle east ? 
  but do you put lemon in this tea ? 
  it was the part of greece in these times . 
  the best russian book is `` eugene onegin '' , the novel in verses about love & society . 
  greece was in europe . 
  last time i checked it , it was still here . 
  the most astonishing thing in don quixote for me is how it is a typical postmodernist novel written three hundred years ago before invention of post-modernism itself . 
  they would do much better with some communistic dictate !, 
  you actually must attach - grad , - gorod , - ovsk/evsk , - vka or - schina to turn placenames russian . 
  by attaching - sky you will create only a lot of angry poles . 
  what word was used in original ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/france-cancels-official-dinner-with-irans-president-rouhani-because-he-wants-it-to-be-wine-free-a6729581.html )  well , then i 'll have to disagree with hollande . 
  especially since ( supposedly ) hollande does n't drink alcoholic drinks . 
  like someone would put a funnel into rouhani 's throat . 
  `` we will not let you go until you drink with us '' . 
  as i read a couple of minutes ago , hollande decided that 's surrendering your culture and refused . 
  and with that i can congratulate france . 
  it is the memory about this horrific disaster , it holds sentimental value . 
  i know what for accent marks are . 
  i just doubt that que and qu\u00e9 have different letters . 
  in my opinion , those are the same letters and an additional accent mark . 
  because this mark is something unrelated to letters . 
  the spanish alphabet has six vowels . 
  if it had five , we would speak about five diacritic letters . 
  or seven , or eight . 
  no matter . 
  i put the example above .
