well , it maybe was not the smartest idea to get to the northern edge of the world in winter . 
  but why would n't they wait until summer ? 
  the irony really is that is about armenia , not some other country . 
  you ( with sielgaudys ) demonstrated your ignorance and that 's very ironic in the context of your irony talks . 
  they have no mosques , no possibility to take anyone in . 
  the main diplomatic language is n't the same that the world language . 
  of course , french was that one in the beginning of xix century , exactly this point , when france lose this hegemony and gave it to england . 
  in the first half of xx century ( when english finally become international lingua franca ) britain ruled the world and the usa was that what we call developing nation . 
  only the world wars that burned europe pushed it forward , but to this point english already had its position . 
  i , as russian , have additional entertainment to see it in the classics . 
  `` war and peace '' of tolstoy is about the napoleonic wars and half of the dialogs in the book are in french , but `` anna karenina '' is already about contemporary ( for tolstoy ) times in 1860s , when all the characters call each other by british names . 
  he is a pole . 
  the rising of english language started in xix century , and it has nothing with farmers from us but the fact that british empire controlled half of the world . 
  what do they do here ? 
  is n't it the terrible place from where lesbian love comes ? 
  what is the point of wishing to be a poor small country that produces mostly bad shooters and hate to russia ? 
  what are albanian values ? 
  well , you see . 
  what 's the point of this question ? 
  i hate putin , i want to fuck him in the ass , throw out his viscera and eat it with shit , and also i am a homophobic disabled black jew homosexual . 
  what is it ? 
  did it change the meaning of my word too much to make me unright ? 
  when i am `` spew poison at someone i dislike for the sake of my own political bias '' , when `` i 'm pathetic '' , because i have the wrong flare , that 's hypocrisy . 
  i spew at people who lie . 
  nobody would do this in such a situation , people can ignore questions , evade topics , hide information , but fake newspapers for lyings . 
  you must be a real pervert , especially , when it is the question about life and death of your family . 
  hypocrite assholes . 
  it was a joke . 
  however , a man who does not let his mother to know her son is died is total asshole , and there 's no excuses . 
  false newspaper . 
  how old he is , twelve ? 
  the president of poland lies even to his mother . 
  in russian , as in english , the suffix for countries is - ia , ( - iya , to be precisely , so the country 's name is chehiya ) . 
  maybe , it 's not very slavic , but i still do n't understand , why you all are so annoyed . 
  if that is the case , by the way , the problem must be with writing of the root . 
  yes , i read it like something close to chechnya . 
  when i 've first tried to type the name of your country in english ( without knowing the correct spelling ) i tried all the possible permutations , and this one was the most weird of all possible . 
  but that is in the czech republic too , and it sounds absolutely terrific by itself . 
  like if i was trying to spell federative republic of germany every time i need to somehow point germany . 
  would it be enough understandable for czechs to write ceska or cesko without this funny letter you use for \u0428 sound ? 
  i wonder , why with all their accomplishments czechs are so pathetic when it goes about the name of their country . 
  how i must call it , bohemia ? 
  you must be a full retarded moron to refuse living in czechia . 
  are n't gypsies who live in duisburg central europeans ? 
  it 's my constitution right to sit in the bus . 
  i am glad for the dutch prime minister , he can now get refugee status in germany or even sweden . 
  will it be enough guarantee to say `` swear on my mom !, 
  and if you do not want to have to do as majority says , then they will kill you and put another one who will . 
  yes , like the ones in ukraine . 
  ukraine is catalonia thirty years after , and there will be all the same : the clowns government , economical collapse , fascistic slogans and civil war . 
  what a civilized man can feel about ukrainians , catalans , venetoians , bretons , corsicans , cosovars , bavarians ? 
  maybe pity , because if a man starts to talk funny , wear weird clothes and kill people , he is definitely insane . 
  spain . 
  because in xxi century only physical map can mean something . 
  if you do chose basing on economic or political things , you are a retarded slowpoke . 
  the best thing you can do is to stop sell medicine . 
  it must be simple : either you have a few healthy children or you have a lot of children that die immediately after birth . 
  sounds like a start of an intolerant joke . 
  i 've also known one jew that was doing this one : took a piece of bacon , closely examined it and then declared : `` do you see this dark tones ? 
  this pig rubbed a wall of a synagogue '' and immediately , like it explained everything , ate the piece . 
  but qadaffi never was in power in italy . 
  according to russian muslims i 've met , you can easily drink after midnight because allah sleeps by nights and does not watch you . 
  and if you need to drink at morning or afternoon , you can go into a building , because allah does not see through a roof . 
  the future : rockets that fly to low earth orbit instead of moon , phones that work a day instead of a week , and cars that can ride only 100kms without charging . 
  there were multiple blasts , and , beside others , bullets . 
  putin . 
  i would be a little worried , if i was a wife of medvedev . 
   firstly , these areas were always populated by finns ( or karelians ) and had minimal contacts with slavs as they do n't even have a russian equivalent . 
  moscow , according to one of linguistic theories , has finno-ugric etymology . 
  and it has no any equivalent , just moscow . 
  your trouble is you think about modern finns and ethnicities of the north , while i talking about ancestors of finns , and not only their . 
  your countries friend with ukraine , ask them , they explain you why russians are n't true slavs , are n't pure slavs , and are n't slavs at all . 
   even the few programs we have to improve the situation are labelled as ` separatist attempts ' in russia ( double standards , as usual ) . 
  double standards are , your countries claimed its russian population as second-class citizens . 
  you establish apartheid politics for one of the biggest minorities in your countries but touchingly care about a couple of thousands minorities of your multinational neighbor . 
  that 's what people mean by double standards . 
  the morale : never order ships from france that are too big to be stolen . 
  russia probably did n't , because russia is what , was ever super ship-builder ? 
  i 've read something similar about germany , but i do n't remember , if she was a buyer or a builder . 
  edit : oh , yes , i 've found the source . 
  russia had ordered two ships from germany , they were privatized and given to german navy after the beginning of the war . 
  british american football, 
  like it was a proof of something . 
  an area around arkhangelsk is overbloated with such toponyms , only it is not from finns , but from finno-ugric people . 
  vandals were slavs or , possibly , protoslavs . 
  their language was slavic , at least . 
  by the way , do you have some valchek in your government ? 
  it is what must be . 
  our government has no balls , sadly . 
  i do not need to troll you . 
  you see , trolling is provocation of smarter people . 
  but you are n't smarter . 
  you are a creature that blames me of not admitting some of ussr 's shit . 
  even though i did not talk about ussr , it 's shit and another , i just wrote to one balt his dear baltics is shit . 
  not in 1940 and not in 1540 , and not whenever . 
  today . 
  but i was maybe too fast . 
  after all , what is baltics ? 
  they are fascists , of course , but that 's moderate fascism , that can not be compared , for example , with south africa , and , of course , not with the third reich . 
  they discriminate people , but they do not kill them , they try to build european nations ( as they understand it ) and continue their european culture traditions .
