  also , the scenes demonstrating violence against crimean tatars , mockery over germans , frenches , romanians , bulgarians , afro-americans and jews . 
   brother ironic . 
  there is no credible record of anyone surviving after escaping from a * true * gulag . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  it 's how europe works . 
  `` unnatural deaths '' is a good term for horror movies . 
  maybe it would be better for dyadkin to write fiction . 
   with 34 to 49 million directly linked to stalin he personally shot them in a nape , i suppose ? 
  the existence of `` the guys who did hard labor in the gulags '' does n't mean `` the soviet union was responsible for more deaths of innocent people '' , because it was n't . 
  it is exactly what i said . 
  so bad they stopped to teach logic in schools . 
   i do like the hypocrisy of nazi statues vs that of the soviet union when the soviet union was responsible for more deaths of innocent people . 
  probably because it was n't . 
  almost every historic european ruler planned or did attack europe ( sometimes partially ) . 
  though not everyone was stopped by poles . 
  i do n't know polish , but in russian the ` negro ' word ( ` negr ' actually ) is a neutral word to determine someone 's race , while ` black ' ( or especially ` black-ass ' ) is a good way to be struck in the face . 
  \u0425\u0430\u0445\u0430\u0445\u0430 , turkey , what do you try to do here ? 
  depressing ? 
  london spawns terrorists from 1860s . 
  actually , he 's a jew . 
  wait , there is independent ireland ? 
  i thought , it is the part of england . 
  tranquilize a guard , disguise in his clothes , put the body in a trash container and close the lid . 
  it was russia . 
  all the revolution was made by people who systematically ate mushrooms and slowly turned into it . 
  kgb is a mycelium , that 's what they hide . 
  all the soviet leaders were grown in its dark basements . 
  they revealed him the most protected secret of russian federation : putin is a mushroom . 
  and a radio wave . 
  except mars . 
  if i was karadzic now i would drink a glass of water . 
  i thought , spain consists of beards ( and separatism ) . 
   you are the monster , who killed my favorite stone it was dumbledore . 
  i constantly cross the point where 40 men were killed in domodedovo and feel nothing about . 
  wait , they are n't english isles ? 
  of hate of whom ? 
  it 's nothing . 
  there are romanians on ukraine too , when all other resources will be spent and ukraine to start eat them , we 'll talk about hate of transylvanians . 
  i repent about this fact . 
  of course , it would be much better to leave her on ukraine . 
  one silver bullet to the head without any noise . 
  but as 20 years in russian prison are worser , things are still good . 
   wait for your god to punch some putin 's face then !, 
  i too . 
  but one must begin from small things . 
  the more important when he does the right things . 
  i think so . 
  thank god , in that case we talk not about someone innocent but a human who voluntarily joined a nazi legion . 
   and yet to punish kadyrov good too . 
  still he is not punished , but another aidar member is . 
  how can someone to not celebrate this fact ? 
  the god that punishes butchers is n't bloodthirsty . 
  thank god . 
  why do belgium reacts by using french fries ? 
  i know this guy . 
  he killed his twin in the hunting field and then kicked mio cid out of barcelona making him to go to muslims . 
  so , that 's from what catalonian history started . 
   ( best and oldest ) i think there are older flags than 1785 . 
  he tells something incorrect ? 
  denmark was sweden 's vassal in medieval times , right ? 
  or norway 's ? 
   like where i am , when so you do n't use a cellphone at all . 
  i agree with you . 
  all what this photo can bring is another war propaganda trophy for isis . 
  look what they did with an ordinary peasant ( the father of five children ) , when he refused to betray the muslim faith . 
  saudi arabia common citizen lives at much higher level because saudi arabia common resident lives at the level of a slave . 
  it is perfectly known that there is no rightwing groups on ukraine . 
  the hotel was surrounded by putin . 
  if armenia is in europe , then azerbaijan is in europe too . 
  i must specially note that lithuania has relations with terrorists . 
  it 's unacceptable . 
  why do lithuanians support terrorists instead of closing borders ? 
  i mean the country of united arabian emirates . 
  all their airlines are the same . 
  emirates , etihad , airarabia , flydubai , all the same shit . 
  i have seen middle eastern employees when i travelled with gulfair from bahrain , but uae = europeans for `` good '' job and indians everywhere else . 
  so , * they * know when you order pizza . 
  i knew it all along . 
  never have seen any middle eastern man working in emirates . 
  other gulf countries - maybe , but uae = european pilots/stewardesses and indians for everything else . 
  that 's what they all said on their deathbed : alexander the great , caesar , charlemagne , all of them . 
  i do not see there any dead pig head . 
  it becomes easier when you win over the wish to immediately conquer poland . 
  surprisingly emirates corporation has no middle eastern employees ? 
  really ? 
  on ukraine bridges are built by nanites that move meter by meter , leaving the finished bridge behind . 
  in the more technologically primitive countries they must build it as the whole structure sadly , from the deeps . 
  what is so difficult about writing \u0411\u0440\u0435\u0436\u0435\u0436\u0448\u0435\u043a\u0435\u0432\u0438\u0447, 
  the man who prefers america to france definitely has no brain . 
  it is something like a sick animal , it must be put down . 
  too much . 
  too much a lot . 
  for example , i can calculate my budget if i would need to minimize my food spendings here in russia . 
  $ 2.82 = 200 roubles today . 
  let 's see . 
  my menu would consist of : * about 800-1000g of potatoes . 
  * a can of stewed beef . 
  i will take not the cheapest one , 160 roubles per 338g and split it for two days , so 80 roubles . 
  with potatoes this will give my dinner and supper . 
  * eggs for an omelette as my breakfast .
