  * the guy who only recently watched `` gangs of new york '' , `` departed '' and `` black mass '' in the row . 
  it 's good . 
  i think germany rise up to the level of natural humankind leader who will fight not against pathetic human hostile but serious enemies like lust , greed , gluttony , pride , etc. 
  only after these wins we 'd be able to create a new breed of men , flawless and perfect in everything from ethics to hair color . 
  russia is stable . 
  because they want what every other guy who came over there and spilled his guts and gave everything he had wants . 
  for their country to love them as much as they love it . 
  sounds like misterious conclave of unpersonified demons from another dimension trying to keep our reality under control . 
  when separatists split one country into few states , they always propaganda their population with statements that : a ) in other states ( of the same country ) live absolutely different people who have nothing common with us ; b ) they are our natural enemies who always dream about how to invade us and make us go to concentration camps for genocide . 
  ustache did something up to fifty percent ? 
  common , we talk about croats here . 
  because that 's exactly what they signed for . 
  i do n't know how it works in ~ ~ en ~ ~ britain , but in russia illegal immigrants live in the places not supposed for life because 1 ) they apply for jobs with half-the-salary paid offs ; 2 ) try to send as much money as possible to their relatives in their countries ; 3 ) well , they are illegals . 
  they are already criminals , usually without documents , so what to wait from them ? 
  sign a lease contract ? 
  of course they tend to work with criminals too , who are able to settle fifty men into a basement of fourty square meters with a trap-window for ventilation and fashionable 1.8 m ceils . 
  i do n't watch news . 
  tom clancy is unreadable to russian . 
  it 's very difficult to read books with permanent facepalm covering your eyes . 
  why does she need assassins ? 
  is n't acid saliva enough ? 
  i deal with it very easily . 
  if it 's independence that makes odessa , crimea and donetsk parts of ukraine , it 's bad independence that does n't cost the price of piss needed to display my position towards this `` independence '' . 
  how about deal with it that 2 + 2 = 5 ? 
  deal with it and move on . 
  exactly . 
  the world is deep into doublethinking . 
  it is based on two principles : 1 . 
  every nation has a right to self-determination . 
  the borders of wwii are sacred , blessed by god , no one even dare to touch them , it 's blasphemy . 
  the good principle is what is good for `` the world '' right now . 
  in cosovo it 's 1 . 
  in crimea it 's 2 . 
  in lpr & dpr it 's 2 , because those are terroristic formations and stable borders are more important than freedom of russians . 
  in the case of ukraine it 's 1 because ukrainians has a right of freedom and a fully legitimate state . 
  in odessa it 's just reached its climax where `` the world '' simply spits at one of the best russian cities by saying `` were ukrainian and had nothing to do with russia '' and kiss with people that are exactly the third reich nazis . 
  they can . 
  but not all . 
  some can not because the market is already shared between strong large business newbie can not compete with . 
  then they go into industry . 
  the us is an old market with big population and lesser resources-to-population ratio . 
  though russia would be somewhere around would n't it spend about a century for senseless economical experiments and finally start from scratch thirty years ago . 
   if european car company wants to build new factory , why do they choice countries like slovakia or romania over russia ? 
  you have everything they need : cheap energy , cheap workforce , universities and educated people it is exactly what they * do * . 
   every time the world is trying to create closer ties with russia , they start with that stupid acts like crimea . 
  well , i can possibly say , every time russia is trying to create closer ties with `` the world '' , `` the world '' does stupid acts like odessa . 
  i think people see everything in terms of simcity and do n't get the point . 
  ok , now we upgrade our industry zone from warehouses to high-tech , now it pays thrice the taxes , so it 's good . 
  while does n't everyone do it ? 
  well , making computers is complicated . 
  making guns is not so complicated . 
  making fridges is less complicated than making guns , making aluminium for them is even more simple and making ore for producing aluminium is even less so . 
  there 's no reason for a man who wants to make money to produce complicated things when they can produce simpler and get as much . 
  so people start to do high-tech only when they have no other choice ( because all simpler niches are occupied by other people , or because these niches just do n't exist ) . 
  germany does n't build pipes and sell raw resources because it has none . 
  and russia build pipes and does sell because it can do it . 
  and it does n't build largest industry because it does n't need to . 
  well , it does actually . 
  but market economics is a blind things that knows no difference between local and global maximums . 
  my too . 
  i thought it is a totalitarian state where they torture you into whole madness and revengeful plumbers fill your house up with shit . 
  well , that 's the greatest delusion of the western society . 
  we made it , we are rich , we can eat delicious food and wear fancy clothes , we have great doctors and medicine , we live much better than peasants of xvi century , etc , but in fact all is built on exploitation of slaves and selling garbage as high-quality products . 
  not a bro . 
  it is not the alternative for these people , it is the alternative for this company that could hire people with normal salaries for normal workday but decided to go more into slavery . 
  central russia . 
  now i feel insulted . 
  it is because americans are open-minded curious extroverted people in comparison with every european nation who hurries to hide in the shell of `` i am an ancient civilization hurhur i haz castles '' . 
  and pitiful german crusaders who massacred them and became their another direct ancestors were estonians and finns too ? 
   by these standards america was never colonized :d well , from the native american point of view it was n't conquered and never colonized . 
  from the european point of view it was colonized very well . 
  because hunters and gatherers can fill america with 1,000,000 people , maybe even 2,000,000 !, 
  and for agricultural european powers with technologies of xvi century it 's closer to 200,000,000 . 
  how do we call something that is filled almost to 1 % ? 
   no , but there were ethnically homogeneous territories populated by estonians and finns . 
  there were n't , because there were no estonians and finns . 
  i do n't think russian empire colonized estonia ever . 
  you colonize empty lands . 
  when slavs arrived to eastern europe there was neither russian empire nor estonia and even finland . 
  if you will look at the physical map of eastern europe you can notice that there is n't natural cross-borders ( if only accounting swamps and deep forests as the ones , that were exactly the places where swamp and deep forest slav tribes preferred to live ) . 
   at least here in finland we have a lot of options to choose from , none of who are as rich and powerful ( even relatively ) as trump or clinton . 
  of course they are n't . 
  finland is n't as rich and powerful as the usa either ( no offense ) . 
  the french ( who deny ethnicities up to eye bleeding ) actually are , but even if they did n't . 
  africans started to go in france how long ago ? 
  i do n't know exactly but let 's say 50 years . 
  slavs started to colonize finno-ugric lands about 1,400 years ago . 
  let 's see how african french will be to 3000ad . 
  like hilary clinton or donald trump . 
  well , because estonians means citizens of estonia . 
  though i understand that point of view of a typical estonian is right far enough to reject the concept of nation and make a strong emphasis over the concept of ethnicity . 
  again , estonians origin from finno-ugric tribes that effectively mixed with slavs , then neighbored slavic countries and finally were a part of the empire with mostly slavic population for about 200 years . 
  so while it is n't probably a third , i do n't think it will be a big crime against truth to say estonians ethnically at least 5 % -10 % slavs . 
  well , you see if everyone who tries to build a society without rich and powerful elite ends with turning into rich and powerful elite , something is n't exactly right with the idea itself . 
  elementary , if there is no clients in a brothel , no matter how long you replace furniture , this problem can only be solved with replacing girls . 
  it is an ukrainian account . 
  after all , we all can see at the examples of societies that have no stalin and achieved huge success in the project of building communism . 
  northern korea , of course . 
  russians are n't good enough to be citizens of estonia . 
  do n't worry , nobody forgets vengria here .
