  there are no 45 million ukrainians . 
  at best 20-30 million even with the current propaganda targeted to make as much ukrainians as possible . 
  it 's enough to get the propaganda center and reverse , after that the amount of ukrainians will drastically short to 15,000,000 , 10,000,000 and finally 5,000,000 dissected geographically and regularly going through the procedure of beheading with possible leaders getting one-way ticket to a forest . 
  to their homeland , obviously . 
  if it would n't , nobody would use `` european '' . 
  it 's what annoys you so much . 
  not the fact that the world cries and burns , the fact that your asses have no immunity . 
  the most funny thing about these arguments ( that are n't true anyway ) is how they actively use the word `` european '' . 
  if it would be kazakhstan , let 's say , all would be okay , because it 's not european country and not european citizens , some untermensh . 
  rocket science, 
  and estonian one ? 
  in my castle ? 
  if you marry her , your father-in-law will be erdogan , i think that 's why she is still single . 
  by the way , our permission to fly in iraq air space perfectly combines with the fact that some turkish soldiers must die . 
  then give the southern part of that northern part back to kosovo . 
  but there is no need more . 
  i think , it is our turn to blow up power lines now . 
  north korea can not exist without the outer support : it is absolute instability , it simply can not be higher . 
  sarkozy 's rise is warning to europe . 
  hollande 's rise is warning to europe . 
  cameron 's rise is warning to europe . 
  today we claim that the most important thing is give people freedom to decide what they want and who will be their leader , tomorrow we are annoyed with they did their choice . 
  i think , 98 % of earth population ( at best ) still does n't know about existence of pgp , so maybe your sentence is absolutely true . 
  bretagne , the root of all socialism . 
  wikipedia did , why france need another technology ? 
  that feeling when a storm pushes the waves , sea growls and cries under the cold heavy asphalt sky , and you sit in your warm and dry room with a cup of nice tea , listening the radio , and there is absolutely no storm at a depth of sixty meters . 
  m . but where is russia ? 
  kiss an officer who asks you to prove it . 
  one day you will recognize the symptoms and call an ambulance , saving life to a walker suffering from a heart attack . 
  then it will sound not dumb at all . 
  i hope , he used a fake dutch pm 's syrian passport to do it . 
  but sabaton even is n't russian . 
  if you have time travelling deloreans , there is no more `` how long '' . 
  and as i do n't see any time travelling deloreans around , the answer is probably `` never '' . 
  no , because their target was only chaos and a provocation , not a coup . 
  it does n't help to frenches to control over the situation though . 
  well , it 's bullshit because you do n't like this idea . 
  however , the history is on my side and can support my point of view , not your , with concrete examples . 
  for examples , something like this happened only a month ago when 20 ( or even 30 ) men with rifles fully paralyzed the life of one of the biggest european capitals ( not one , actually ) . 
  another example , everyone could see it two years before , in other big european capital . 
  it is not important that they failed in latvia as soon , as they won in russia , and communist russia returned to latvia and paid everyone who did their fail in latvia possible with tortures , executions and deportations ( of course it 's all after they ended with those who resisted in russia itself ) . 
  that 's what happens with fires , they grow . 
   obviously it ca n't . 
  of course it can . 
  i will give you detailed explanation of how 200 people can destroy latvia state : in 12:00 the internet stops working because the main exchange hub does n't exist anymore , all the cables are cut , all the hardware is destroyed by bullets . 
  in 12:20 the television stops working and starts to transmit something neutral . 
  the `` swan lake '' ballet , let 's say . 
  in 12:30 minivans with tinted windows stop by army and police generals homes , some polite armed men take families in and drive them to an undisclosed direction . 
  in 13:30 they gather to try to kill a president ( if it 's possible ) , a pm and as much high politicians , as possible . 
  in 15:00 generals from some dark room somewhere in the city with shaking hands read from the paper that the country is in danger , the president is killed ( or fled the country or missing ) and they form the coalition against crimes that will establish new orders . 
  it all is transmitted by tv . 
  in 16:00 there are possible strikes against power stations , pump stations , railroad stations and other important infrastructure hubs to create more chaos , again , if it 's possible , all is fully optional . 
  in 18:00 the same generals again transmit that they lost the civil war , free freedom-loving people of latvia won over and they ( the coalition against crimes ) fully surrender . 
  the `` new leader '' ( maybe even high politician of the previous regime itself , the pm , let 's say ) appears to declare the creation of the temporary government of salvation and establishes some vasisualy nogombe as a new commander in chief . 
  vasisualy nogombe declares that all the soldiers gave their oath to the state and because of that must support the new government or they will be claimed as rebels and shot by loyal forces by demands of martial laws . 
  that 's all . 
  latvia does n't exist in six hours . 
  to be honest , of course , the same amount of men will be enough not only for latvia but for france , for example , or germany . 
  on the other side , it can be done back and two hundreds of men with automatic rifles tomorrow ( or next in future ) will establish socialistic democratic republic of liberty in latvia . 
  for example . 
  yes . 
  the realities of all civil wars , including russia 's civil war is a small amount of participants . 
  11 thousand ( 24 thousands , actually ) of ready military units en bloc turned to the bolshevist side in post-apocalyptic no-state landscape , where people without structure divided into hundreds of fractions and gangs . 
  but $ 400,000,000 is $ 400,000,000 . 
  it were balts by the way who sow communism in russia . 
  high credit percents make farming much more difficult and risking . 
  all this time it was putin in the suit of a fascist . 
  he used the local legend to scare tourists and keep them away from this land , where he built a big refinery for isis oil . 
  mystery incorporated solved another mystery . 
   so is making corporal punishment illegal , so there 's one experiment that did not end in a disaster . 
  actually it created a problem of juvenile justice that has thrown a lot of children into orphanages because someone somewhere saw something that can be interpreted as corporal punishment . 
   any logic along the lines of `` someone tried something remotely similar in the past , so we must never do anything about it again '' is incredibly flawed of course . 
  yes , almost everyone who put a gun to their head and made a shot died , but why to not try it again ? 
  i feel lucky !, 
  after all , it 's just a human live at stake . 
  and that 's exactly one of this set . 
  applying positivist logics to this and assuming that this will end with disaster as well can be interpreted as not necessary correct , but it is still rational . 
  the current method produces a lot of emotionally healthy individuals . 
  all experiments over people and raising of kids basing on left ideas ended with disasters . 
  men still possess what women are deprived from birth . 
  experiments with gender is a beautiful way to get emotionally healthy individuals . 
  maybe it 's somehow related with the fact that paris is the capital of france while london is also the ` capital ' for a lot of third-world countries whose elites live here ? 
  the law of religious people feelings ' defense, 
  in other words , long time ago . 
  yes . 
  of course not . 
  you are nazi because you believe that some people must be destroyed or exiled from your country because of their race or ethnicity . 
  of course , you do not say `` heil hitler '' or `` heil poroshenko '' . 
  maybe you even do not say `` hail ukraine '' , but majority of your compatriots do , and even infinite irony will not help to wash this fact . 
  well , nazi is a man who believes that some people must be destroyed or exiled from the country because of their race or ethnicity . 
  for example , you . 
  the killers have seen it with their own eyes . 
  their comrades were hurt in this horrific massacre !, 
  only it did n't helped burned people to survive , their killers be freed and greeted by the crowd and their friend be putted into jail with accusation of their murder . 
  maybe there are more svoboda members in courts , than in the parliament . 
  ukrainians in this sub mislead other with intentional lies regularly . 
  for example , while denying that they are fascists , using nazi symbolics , nazi greeting , and nazi habit to murder their political opponents with cruel methods . 
  a lot . 
  that you burn people you do n't like alive . 
  and how much ?
