  what if mrs. tenney has become sloppy and no longer closes her eyes ? 
  i knew it 's about mithra !, 
  some say : christ , some say : satan , and i say simply : spqr !, 
  here 's my [ photo ] ( http://imgur.com/a/6q0j5 ) of the only mithra 's temple in ussr . 
  well , you see , when you wish good to a man , you do n't give him fish , you give him a fishing rod . 
  germany accepts guests , pays them money , shows them life is simple when it 's hard and with it destroys their spirit and their will . 
  it 's the plot of destruction of the whole black race at once . 
  germany is literally hitler . 
  the whole world opened after the invention of compass . 
  inventors , of course , talked with each other in noble glorious language of latin ; with servants , boot cleaners , bakers in other languages . 
  actually , austria-hungary was one of the most enlightened and progressive states of its age . 
  and those people who celebrate its death are heirs of separatists who killed it at first . 
  a dead state obviously can not defend itself against any claim and accusation , and that 's how a black legend grows . 
  while fools believe anything : austria-hungary was bad and horrific , spain was pervertly disgusting abominable , and only the uk is the citadel of freedom and humanism shining above this sea of shit . 
  \u041f\u0430\u043f , \u043c\u0430\u043c are absolutely common . 
  and nobody would wonder when hearing words like \u0411\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0443\u0445 or \u0414\u0440\u0443\u0436\u0438\u0449 . 
  neovocative ( dropping the last letter of a name ) . 
  also russian has partitive and locative . 
  they are just not too regular and too weak to be considered real cases . 
  the same can be said about vocative in old russian , latin and probably almost every language that had it , but i 'm not sure if it 's true for belorussian , of course . 
  romans had cases , that 's why they conquered the world and their barbarized descendants have n't , that 's why they obey their own colonies . 
   c++ it is the fact a country must hide , not be proud of it , denmark . 
  that 's to all the guys asking why russia spends so much money on defense . 
  he does n't look like east india man at all . 
  they are black , moustached and red-bearded . 
  croatia declared war upon their new enemy serbia . 
  they cite ` diplomatic insult ' as their casus belli !, 
  we must admit that he 's actually not our inventor . 
  we are a great country that does n't need to succumb to such a pathetic action like stealing others ' great people , when russia is the homeland of many great scientists , like \u041b\u0435\u043e\u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434 \u041f\u0430\u0432\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0438\u0447 \u042d\u0439\u043b\u0435\u0440 and many more . 
  in / r/serbia tesla always looks what other serbs do . 
  in / r/croatia tesla always looks what other serbs do in / r/serbia . 
   the eu has a unique experience of managing a multi-ethnic trade area ; for example , asiento . 
  hermione has changed a lot over the summer . 
  after all , he is the only american president who knows about existence of zlin . 
  it 's the best part of britain , qwghlm !, 
  over a pile of poles . 
  there is no sense . 
  it was cheap temporary housing for 25-30 years , and it 's closer to 50 already . 
  you can not renovate it because thing is not about ugly look or some subsystem failures but construction fatigue . 
  you can not replace backbone of a building , it 's equal to building it from scratch . 
  both . 
  since 1991 the state is the owner of property that `` socially rents '' it to people registered in these apartments . 
  everyone registered has a right to fill a bunch of some documents for privatization and become a real owner . 
  as far as you can be an owner of a flat . 
  so danish is swedish spoken by spanish ? 
  iceland , do you need help with killing your president ? 
  lawful . 
  any court will held a contract void if one of treaty parties misses some fingers , teeth , bleeds a bit and generally looks as if it was taken from pits of the spanish inquisition half a hour ago . 
  england exhausted the great country , the center of the civilized world , ruined it , forced it to make some cabal treaties and now is very enjoyed with the result . 
  but this is not forever . 
  spaniards are one of the most talented people in europe , this can not be changed , lost and anything . 
  the history will judge everything and they will take what is their by all rights , it 's unstoppable process . 
  of course they were . 
  ribbentrop was hanged , and some bunch of nazis went free after a few years in prison , and some accidentally hanged themselves while in prison , and some never were judged just because they had a lot of useful technological data on them . 
  the nuremberg trial is the good example we all must research carefully to deepen our understanding of ways in which justice can be mocked . 
  why ? 
  everything will be cheaper in spain with pesetas . 
  that would not happen if gibraltar was ruled by its lawful administration , the government of spain . 
  you see , stalin did nothing wrong . 
  he just wanted the grey skies of estonia illuminated . 
  he wanted that country painted red . 
  because they are good , cheap and we are friends . 
  why did they buy korean instead of russian , to begin with ? 
  javascript : jquery ( '' . caption '' ) . css ( { color : `` black '' , fontsize : `` 1em '' } ) ; alert ( `` done !, 
  '' ) ; put this into the url bar when on the page and press `` enter '' . 
  what 's the point of making colored photos of estonia , anyway ? 
  you do n't want to know what a skilled gunslinger can do with a slingshot . 
   hint : comes from crescent ... well , by russian standards , it 's very close to crescent . 
  i had about 90-100 vhs cassetes . 
  just blank ones , someone gave us them with recorded cartoons from foreign tv : i remember speedy the racer and something about a guy who lives in jungles with his friends but definitely not disney 's tarzan . 
  anyway , it was far , far before i actually became able to comprehend english . 
  so i just built castles from these cassettes . 
   ( 8 of which are from outside the village , including two belgians because the election is open to all eu members ) . 
  so all these guys rule this poor fellow ? 
  no , toledo was a cool capital . 
  the capital before it was cool is burgos . 
   because he does n't have a clear programme at all , and no party so nobody knows who he would rule the country with . 
  sounds like the ideal candidate - incompetent gray person like the previous president . 
  we are not mad to make a pole rule cheka again . 
  poland , if we will make kaczynski the general secretary , would you join the soviet union ? 
  food is the branch of economics that can exist and exists only on subsidies . 
  post-industrial reality . 
  katanas are shit quality swords , ones you can wait from an isolated backward country involving in mostly agriculture and piracy . 
  but it 's not important !, 
  you see , it 's the mysterious east with its deep wisdom . 
  mysterious japanese smiths do n't need some boring technologies or materials , they forge swords by power of their will and mysterious secrets traded from generation to generation for thousands of years , since the neolithic age , as all was better in the neolithic age . 
  if you will train your will and power of mind , meditate over films with chuck norris , unite your body and your spirit into one essence and also sign up for my true gaijin secrets of ninja bushido course ( it 's only $ 400 for now ! ), 
  you will learn the mysterious knowledge of ancient masters . 
  and if you 'll sign up for the level two encoma gandam dojo course for only $ 8,000 , you will also be able to create your katanas ** by thought ** . 
  \u0425\u0430\u0445\u0430 , we control the channel !, 
  income disparity in the ussr was infinite . 
  it 's \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f , after all . 
  so portugal is not europe . 
  ukrainian is the sole official language of ukraine , and crimean tatar is the official language of crimea , and crimea is not ukraine . 
  all these statements are true simultaneously . 
  it was soviet union that made ethnic cleansing of crimean tatars , and i am , as the most consequent hater of everything soviet here , of course , have deep condolences and remorse about this shameful act . 
  however , crimean tatars were minority in crimea long before this . 
   you mean crimean tatar ? 
  crimean tatar language was banned by ukraine 's government too . 
  now it 's the official language of crimea .
