  the russian are worst behaved tourists . 
  because it is a bit more complex than to fill a syringe with another substance ? 
  well , england is blue on the map , so ireland and other counties must be in cern . 
  the thing is about traditions and backward compatibility . 
  how it ended that way that russia ( post-ussr to be more precise ) uses other drugs ? 
  the legacy of ussr , a lot of technologies ( nuclear energetics or , in this case , biochemistry ) were developed independently . 
  so there is another set of substances . 
  now it is banned of course they will acquire legal ones . 
  or that - or go out of professional sport . 
  no choice . 
  but excuse me , drugs topic is about were banned not 80 years ago but 5-6 , if i correctly understand . 
  russophobia there is that everyone is doing that but not everyone is blamed for . 
  they created an ` official international supreme ' list of dopings , put into it substances that are used in russia , ignored substances that are used , let 's say , in usa and now ironize over `` russophobia '' word . 
   \u0160iauliai - `` sun city '' so the land of shorties is lithuania !, 
  god !, 
  who could even think ? 
  but how do they call flower city ? 
  your country does it all right . 
  some nations are just too poor to afford turning into a cash cow for eco-freaks , using eu structure to lobby their business interests . 
  sounds true . 
  pms and other `` second man in the state '' guys are always behind those coups . 
  he was undercover in this moment . 
  it is not about ethics or rightness . 
  hitler had reasons . 
  people who explain the rise of nsdap , creation of the third reich and the start of the world war ii with `` there was no reason at all . 
  it just somehow all the germans became crazy '' are idiots . 
  the another interesting aspect of this position when you refuse to find reasons you have no facts to prove someone 's guilty or vice versa , someone is innocent . 
  and a mistake in this sphere always includes an opposite act : those who blame innocents simultaneously free guilties and vice versa . 
  let 's say , hitler was a puppet created by insuperable contradictions of the civilization of xx century . 
  in this case anyone who says `` oh , he did it because he was crazy and forgot to eat his pills , there is no other reasons '' is an associate of people . 
  who . 
  are . 
  responsible . 
  for holocaust . 
  and fucking drunk bears in nuclear reactors . 
  yes . 
  there is no reasons absolutely . 
  it 's much easier to assume that people are bloodlusting idiots who eat spoons of lsd every day and do all these absolutely stupid unnecessary actions than to suppose there * are * fucking reasons . 
  french . 
  true diplomats . 
  at least he does n't look like trump . 
  there is a small mistake in crimea region . 
   you do n't notice until your driver gets into an accident , and the insurance company refuses to pay either you or the driver . 
  so it 's all about insurance companies protecting their incomes through forced by the law selling of their services . 
  much better than uber . 
  so they want to forbid old men bite babies ' penises . 
  new holocaust , no doubts . 
  scotland is only 32 % . 
   the bnd also spied on a german citizen . 
  god . 
  a state spying over its own citizens ? 
  what next ? 
  population is a burden in the world robots do all the job . 
  fuck moralists . 
  there was enough war criminals from ussr , uk and us that were never judged by nuremberg tribunal . 
  and even butchers from nazi germany who were called guilty only to be freed in ten years . 
  so for anyone who supports bastards of wwii nuremberg tribunal must be the alpha and omega . 
   they invaded a country . 
  like something bad . 
  and even when he was alive he had no money to pay guinness to fix his status as the tallest man in the world . 
  because contraband has no documents to prove it is safe for consuming . 
   nazi germany started as a battered , humiliated , economically dead country and in a few years turned into a force that threatened the world and conquered europe . 
  thanks to british & american partners blowing up a battered humilated economically dead country for their own reasons . 
  the same can be said about ussr . 
  catholics are schismatic heretics actually . 
  no need to quarrel here , both options are shit . 
  china belongs to glorious yurop too , so just us and eu . 
  wait ... 
  this is exactly what it is !, 
  all girls kiss each other on cheeks . 
   things are n't free , even in wartime and it helped to perpetuate the `` we are neutral '' in your stupid wars . 
  it helped to pump your economy . 
  with european blood . 
   you 're honestly all just lucky that germany overplayed its hand and started shit with the us with submarine warfare and trying to get mexico involved . 
  of course , it 's only because stupid germany decided to provoke the mighty us . 
  without it boshes would win the war in one move , despite their position and 1,5 times less manpower and lost battles , but submarine warfare with the us turned all this success into dust . 
  * that 's * exactly why even in this public people put words `` america '' and `` history '' close to each other only in ironic sense . 
  yep , i meant ea . 
   and while we manage to keep the allies supplied for allies money . 
  the reason to boycott this game completely is because this is a soulless commercial piece of shit like everything eu produces , not because anglosphere . 
  he is american . 
  no , it was football . 
  it 's impossible for china to cover its energy demands with something except coal . 
  he emigrated to france . 
  nsa keeps data forever , fsb - for two-three years . 
  yeah , he just waited while all people die instead of artillery shelling . 
  it is very rare to view such a humanism in that cruel age . 
  soup . 
  vampires inject endorphines while biting their victims to mask pain caused by their bites and bloodsucking . 
  the victim then feels euphoria for some time . 
  now you see what communism can achieve in pathetic 40 years . 
  there 's nothing you can do when there is a traffic problem in cities : skylines . 
  wait , greens supported it ? 
  so finally there was no genocide ? 
  it is a list of things that harsh the punishment that are connected to the history of one to be judged or to his crime . 
  previous sentences are aggravating circumstances . 
  breaking the law not as a single but as a member of an organization or a gang is an aggravating circumstance . 
  if a victim is disabled , or it is a pregnant woman , it is an aggravating circumstance . 
  if a crime is made with especial sadism and unnecessary cruelty it is an aggravating circumstance . 
  if a criminal used special rights to make a crime ( for example , he is a police and used his status to do it ) , if a gun was used , if it happened during an emergency situation .
