  they promised traffic equivalent to $ 250 of profit . 
  if there were russian troops , nobody would know about ukraine . 
  i know the guy who bought an ukrainian news site posting similar news . 
  when he posted something about kirkorov shooting people in donbass or whatever , censor sent him e-mail with proposition to immediately pay them $ 130 in exchange for traffic or be ready to be drown in search results deeply . 
  alexander zhuchkovsky , from the frontline . 
  three days ago ukraine went full attack on all the directions . 
  donetsk is shelled permanently , intensive combat around the airport , debaltsevo and any arterial road . 
  also jews and communists . 
  it should be a tank bridge . 
  beat a woman with a maul - the woman will be gold, 
  there are some hotlines , psychologists and seminars here and there on the regional level , but no general political course , as far as i know . 
  we usually suck in this area , yeah . 
  the supporters of this law say that making it an administrative offence will help , as starting a criminal case is a very serious doing , so on all the levels of the system people try to prevent it and close eyes for minor accidents . 
  however , an administrative offense is not so big and can go easy , so it will actually increase a number of people punished for actions like beating a wife or a kid with a knuckle . 
  and people who go much further , still can be judged by a criminal court for grievous bodily harm , murder or whatever . 
  ps that does n't mean i support this law . 
  however , i do not feel rapture about laws that can throw you into a prison and put a shame mark on you forever for minutes or even seconds of losing self-control . 
  i think , the ideal would be to leave it criminal but with possibility for a victim to not open a criminal case ( but only if there 's no harm to health , in which case a criminal case must be started unconditionally ) . 
  norvegians are [ crab people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sooebk_dkfo ) !, 
  while you sleep , russian oxygen invades your lungs . 
  simple and short : \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f . 
  look how characters fit sounds . 
  well , the sex scandal was because shenderovich banged not only a prostitute but a mattress as well . 
   to my surprise my russian friends can not hold up longer than i did ( i am asian  ) asians ( at least in south-eastern asia ) have a gene that prevents them from going to drunk state very fast , which europeans lack . 
  though europeans have a gene that prevents them from being destroyed next day . 
  i am a strong drinker and i never managed to overdrink thais . 
   and has more land mass than the surface of pluto and the same level of infrastructure . 
  i do n't know about pierogi , but if you unfreeze pelmeni , roll them with a pin and bake with mayonnaise it will be a great caloric and cheap pizza . 
  source : i was a student, 
  you can learn spanish and then break it enough so it will become portuguese . 
   do you know what happens with drug dealers in russia ? 
  they employ to drug enforcement administration , like everywhere else . 
  what do you mean by talking about a demographic bomb ? 
  poles , probably , do n't fuck while abroad ? 
  sounds like the ad of a documentary about blitzkrieg . 
  they added india to crusader kings , they added india to the map of europe . 
  seems logical to me . 
  when you 'll plant this field , poland , surely , you can do it on the sea coast . 
  only stupid ones , who say `` ah , skyscrapers . 
  american shit '' . 
  most people like it , because it 's actually very pretty , especially after they finish the planned [ esplanade ] ( http://realty.rbc.ru/news/577d216a9a7947a78ce913df ) . 
  for poles even saint-petersburg is built by satan . 
  yeah , but french was used by smart people not so much because of french culture , but because it was simply much more developed . 
  people like trediakovsky , lomonosov , karamzin invented russian words like `` impression '' , `` surface '' , `` industry '' , `` deepness '' by calking them from french . 
  in xviii and even the beginning of xix century you just could n't create a thought in russian you could easily think in french . 
  and not the least part in this role of french belong to its latin roots . 
  actually , the enlightenment and classicism were n't created in russia on their own , but taken with french culture and french language . 
  france became a mirror reflecting the glory of rome . 
  russian regular language was created in the age of classicism , by people of enlightenment finding the ideal in principles and culture of ancient greece and rome . 
  that 's why it has such a big latin substrate , contrary to languages formed later , in the age of romanticism , nationalism and racism . 
  one produces nothing , he is a banker of other 20 . 
  vegetarians are actually very evil . 
  probably there 's some special protein in meat that turns us into peaceful cooperating creatures from violent brutal beasts we are . 
  contract workers , probably . 
  there is scientific and other interest in antarctic ; however , nobody tries to fill that need through colonization of antarctic by millions of people , building there roads and trying to imagine which workplaces can be created for all those millions minus 40 people who actually are n't needed there . 
  breivik himself said cod is a good practice . 
  sakha republic is a barren wasteland where no man must live , so it 's very good there is such a high unemployment and problems with roads . 
  maybe it 'll motivate people to move from this hell to more useful places . 
  like moscow , for example . 
  and the president of kalmykia was abducted by aliens ( the bodyguard can prove ) . 
  take it , sweden . 
  russia today , of course . 
   muslims are legally protected against discrimination and that overrides every other law . 
  and also they are hated by almost all of population . 
  that 's why facebook is such a bad idea . 
  the whole world uses it but the rules are established by mindfucked american puritans . 
  damn , i do n't understand , which part becomes the dick in this perspective ? 
  the proxy for foreign stocks trying to be anonymous . 
  it 's not correct to ask vampires about how old they are . 
  they do n't live truly , their existence is unlife , and only living things can be getting old . 
  the correct question would be either `` what is your age ? '', 
  or `` how long do you wander through the night , creature ? '', 
  or whatever . 
  gays , arabs , arabi\u0441 gays . 
  punches means loves . 
  we do n't hate poles , we hate polish hate to us . 
  because we are white , fluffy and non-understood knights in sour armor . 
  your ex-husband :|, 
  i thought , she died . 
  all the countries of europe share the same religion . 
   what has he promised slovenia ? 
  no , the existence of `` the '' is the lack of the case system in a language . 
  we already decided to roll down to xviii . 
  what 's the point of 1612 ? 
  we must turn off states then . 
  we are ok with the second polish partition . 
   if we start returning works of art , should we also go back to 18th century borders ? 
  we should . 
  it 's like i tell to a girl : `` well , it 's all nice , but what about this guy you chat with in whatsapp/skype/tinder / whatever promising him a lot of dirty sex and sucking his dick like a vacuum cleaner . 
  i mean , you know , i think , it is not very right , if we have some relationship , and ... '' and she says : `` wait , you 've read my whatsapp ?!, 
  what a dirty ugly pervert animal you are !, 
  we break up ! '', 
  and me : `` how it 's even possible ? 
  it 's me who must break with ... oh , stop , why do you throw my clothes off the balcony , common ... '', 
  if there 's too much cars in madrid it can also mean that people have no more comfortable way to get to their destinations . 
  is it all perfect with madrid 's subway , tram and trolley 's networks , every transport hub has enough parking places and there 's a bus lane on every road ? 
  also they sing arias while delivering . 
  alcohol-free beer as well . 
  also , when you call a girl to the evening , go with her into a restaurant , she orders all these drinks and salads , you talk , have good time , she looks gorgeous in this dress , you are so funny guy , you pay the bill , accompany her to her house , actually , i would n't object to another cup of tea , oh , well , you 'll get a good one when you 'll do it to your home , i 'm sure , it was such a pleasant evening , you are so lovely guy !, 
  you are like a brother to me !!!,
