  christian extremism is as bad as muslim , but it still has one good side : it does n't exist . 
  sarcasm is a kind of irony . 
  i wonder , why it 's failed . 
  for me it is very ( and obviously ) sarcastic . 
  maybe i just do n't know english well enough , and it has its own methods to show sarcasm . 
  in soviet union a possibility to easily break open a door was one of the main reasons to set them up inwards . 
  but employees of burger king are so educated intelligent men usually , how can not they know english ? 
  no reasons , it was irony . 
  the most wise choice after erdogan 's reelection is to establish visa-free regime . 
  yes . 
  everyone must have two doors . 
  of steel for strangers and of wood for guests . 
  really , riga ? 
  the snake-tongued batlion , a chess pawn , prison-bars , mysterious alien hieroglyphs the thrombotic heart or colorful mickey mouse is what you want associate with ? 
  however , the two-headed key is n't so bad . 
  it 's because you pay too small sums , norway !, 
  if this was at least $ 10,000 , of course , they would going back to iraq , but $ 6,000 ... 
  it 's just for laugh . 
  if i was a refugee , i would never take such a pitiful sum . 
  it 's just like spit you right in the face . 
  it 's not money but an insult . 
  just divide . 
  northern turkey for men , southern turkey for women , anyone has a right to cross the border without a visa for three hours per week . 
  `` will we sleep in your bed or my bed ? '', 
  is actually a great phrase for pickup . 
  i 've never completed the tree , by the way , because about 60 % it became boring and less useful than movies , tv , books and real grammar books . 
  duolingo is super in its own niche : to give you minimal understanding of the language you know nothing about . 
  yep . 
  i reached a2 in spanish with it . 
  it uses very effective technique of memorizing words , with complex sentence studying and interval repeating . 
  however , do n't wait for adequate speak/hear skill training . 
  maybe they 've improved it , but when i had been learning with it , robots just sucked every time . 
  but for writing/reading it 's the best what exist . 
  no , he just turns it into fundamentalist shithole . 
  god forgive turkey , but on the other side it is their choice . 
  it 's just about that the same idea of derogations must be used to stimulate people get soft cheaper drugs instead of really harmful . 
  there 's no point when you loose restrictions for both cannabis/cocaine and heroin . 
  to legalize heroin is not exactly how legalize works , ireland . 
  it 's not netherlands . 
  source : there 's less than 10 people on the photo . 
  spain looks like the only country where people evade its capital . 
  they forbid to use cars in moscow metro . 
   whats there to worry about ? 
  they think that western russia is eastern ukraine . 
  russia worries about eastern europe . 
  of course , if germany pays , i do n't see problems here . 
  i think , it is good . 
  let 's imagine , eleven migrants would wish to stay there . 
  where to find space for the last one ? 
  you are right . 
  to correctly split germany up we must take a german approach . 
  and the translation :  we lived at kurekhin 's place once - dugin , me and nurich . 
  we awake , i open a vent pane . 
  dugin thoughtfully lies in a bed , then he asks : `` and where exactly is omsk ? '', 
  i say : `` well , siberia 's south , close to kazakhstan '' . 
  `` so , kazakhstan is close to you ? 
  and what if kazakhs poisoned a wind ? 
  they can poison a wind !, 
  close the window immediately , the wind is poisoned ! '', 
  all totally seriously : he felt a huge fear and started walking across the room . 
  `` damn , kazakhs poisoned the wind , so how must i go ? 
  exactly , that 's what it is about . 
  i know , they have reedmen . 
  they have the balkhash lake , and a lot of reed , cane grows there . 
  and those cane , reedmen , who never show themselves , only breath through a straw . '', 
  he thought a bit , thought and then said : `` and in the center of balkhash there is a huge island , where a giant colossal cat lives , they worship him . '', 
  ( ... ) he says : `` damn , reed !, 
  reedmen around , what to do ? 
  they can start an invasion !, 
  and this is endgame - the end for us all !, 
  if reedmen arise and attack us with their cat !, 
  and the cat is huge , three meters ! '', 
  police ca n't beat poles by nights . 
  never . 
  fascists are scum . 
  and an honest man , who truly believes in freedom of speech , must be ready to die for the right of this scum to say their bullshit . 
  because it 's new black . 
  empires are bad , kingdoms are good . 
  if you deny it , you are a freak that will soon become a pariah . 
  but there is no oil . 
  the previous ones seriously changed it to better , now trump will spoil everything . 
  what about gollum ? 
  why would russian nationalists plot assassination of montenegro pm , when there 's still pm of russia ? 
  nobody said for a long time :|, 
  russia denies these filthy accusations . 
  at least half of it does . 
  why ? 
  there 's nothing bad about asos . 
  as well , as splitting babies for their lungs and kidneys . 
  but what to do , what to do , those are hard times , a man must take any job to survive . 
  and the funds of hospital haters pay well . 
   because whatever russia does is done with evil intentions , right ? 
  because an ukrainian internet warrior . 
  well , do n't know about divinity , but definitely something that tries to impost a human while having only partial data about earth and its inhabitants . 
  damn it , why not descartes ? 
  wait , so ireland is an island ? 
  i always thought , it 's somewhere in england ... 
  putin 's cunnngness rises up every day . 
  now he secretly foists money and land to his enemies . 
  this - arrian thing sounds so nazi .
