  if they are n't english , then why do they live in england ? 
  are n't welsh english ? 
  japan is the most boring asian country , so it 's ok . 
  we needed to take the experience of our european partners and just start to issue aliens passports . 
  it is by the way not correct data as 24-26 is the official rate that does n't correlate reality very well . 
  you probably confuse russia with belgium or holland . 
  so , there is no difference . 
  the game where you can play as flanders , even turn all belgian provinces into flanders , all , all of them !, 
  but how will you backstab your allies , betray confidents , create secret coalitions and turn the coat in the most important moment through the voice chat ? 
  ps if it 's even possible in eu4 multiplayer . 
  that 's why games without built-in diplomacy system rule for crowds of people . 
  even in zombie movies you must check bodies with a stick to determine if they are alive or dead ( or semi-dead ) . 
  in this scene , nobody , including the killer , knew that it was a kill for at least a couple of minutes . 
  on the other side , if a mad doctor rushed and killed a random guy with one hit , i would pretend like nothing happened too , at least , while this doctor is close enough . 
  they killed portugal !, 
  well , at first you are delusional , because you use so such `` many '' words here . 
  there was no `` warned many times '' , there was no `` nothing stopped the violations '' . 
  because there was one violation , after that turkey summoned the ambassador . 
  and the second one . 
  turkey acted like a beast and not because it shot the plane , but because it murdered the pilot and started manhunt against the second one . 
  but as it was turkey , this is n't backstabbing of course as the government says , but estimated losses . 
  the sacrifice . 
  actually russia already sacrifices its citizens in the interest of peace . 
  for example , about a month ago two fell the victims of some middle east mad dictator . 
  i can not understand how such a big country as india was evading the universities of such a strong ( in educational sphere ) country as germany . 
  well , maybe the language barrier stopped them before . 
  he clearly showed that those are bulgarians he had interest for . 
  and also all the people that died because he is gone . 
  for example , you just said that you would sacrifice any black man in libya . 
  i would sacrifice six bulgarians to qaddafi every year if it prevented the win of his opponents . 
  it 's your turkish sight . 
  but tolkien was n't a turk , he was a brit . 
  brits always have problems with germans . 
  for brits they are martian octopuses , then orcs ... mordor is the rising empire that destroys the old good times with power of its military machine . 
  orcs are elves too , but spoiled ones , living in feudal and tribe separation , united only by evil power of the emperor . 
  stupid creatures that can not into arts , though they have a gift with mechanics and engineering . 
  ottomans , as far as i know , are not famous for their technical skills . 
  to the wwii it did n't even exist ( though they allied damned mordor in the great war , so maybe allies of mordor have something common with turks ) . 
  i think it 's obvious that in the professor books mordor is ( nazi ) germany and rohan is ussr . 
  ottomans ? 
  maybe in the another age !, 
  by the way , let me tell you some short story about trustworthy laws and transparent court proceedings . 
  there is an old small professor of economics . 
  the professor is stupid enough to simultaneously lead a major international finance organization and speak too furiously against some government of some trustworthy country . 
  as the stupid professor gives his speech in the same country he unmasks so openly , weird things happen . 
  the professor returns to his hotel and turns into mr hide , goes berserk and rapes an ugly old aids-suffered maid from some third world country , who weighs as two such professors . 
  the maid blames the stupid professor , all his colleagues evade him , he loses his post in the major financial international organization and forgets about any political ambitions forever , his life & career totally destroyed . 
  four months later the trustworthy country decides that the maid possibly lied and all that not exactly like that . 
  technically speaking , nothing happened . 
  trustworthy laws , transparent court proceedings , what investors want . 
  yes , for people like that you are an investor . 
  i think you will agree that a watch is negligible for you and it will be better to invest it immediately . 
  invest a phone and a wallet too . 
  there are many gentlemen on the streets who believe that too and can help you by freeing you from this scruff . 
  nothing , i just fabricated it in my infinite envy to the blinding flame of american will . 
  germany, 
   they just do not have the same levels of transparency and trust that the us has `` we want to return our gold . '', 
  `` it 's impossible , security restrictions . '', 
  `` well , where is it then ? '', 
  `` here , in fort knox . '', 
  `` can we look at it ? '', 
  `` no , security restrictions . 
  antiterrorism '' transparency , trust . 
  it 's not a coincidence . 
  chechens live ( or traditionally lived ) in fortified mountain villages auls . 
  their name itself is the reference to chechen-aul . 
  when russians came to these places , nakh people separated into two different factions : those who 've gathered in chechen-aul and decided to resist russians were called chechens . 
  grozny was the first european city built around the fortress russians put there to suppress local revolts . 
  that 's why the city has such a name . 
  as it was already said , it means ` fearsome/threatening ' in russian . 
  it is refugee snow . 
  he left norway after it became impossible to suffer life in this country , torn apart by the gulf stream and global warming any longer . 
  considering that roots of halloween are pagan , not christian . 
   muslim sharia equality is not what is is fighting for . 
  muslim sharia equality is what is is declaring it fights for . 
  che guevara in reality not fought for equality as well . 
  terrorists always have their own interests that they hide with loud words about equality , god and other senselessness . 
  well , for isis equality means equality of muslim men . 
  and for communists equality mean prison system . 
  it is because you think that ` equality ' = ` western european post-enlightenment liberal equality ' . 
  isis thinks that ` equality ' = ` muslim sharia equality ' . 
  che guevara had his own understanding of equality he did n't share with you both . 
  always calm . 
  maybe because my job is not to murder people . 
  at least i do not wear a shirt with the international terrorist 's face . 
  isis fights for equality and against racism too . 
  probably , there is nothing bad in wearing t-shirt with abu bakr photo . 
  scandinavic countries are retrograde states that hide under the cover of ` progressive socialism ' scars of ` feudal society ' , where all the power and all the influence in economical , political , culture spheres belong to a short amount of ` chosen ' families . 
  it is corruption as they do not recognize this state of things and deny even the existence of anything like that . 
  like isis . 
  it is something you want to put in your skyranger to kill xenos . 
  it 's not because the government have risen the cost of cheap solar panels . 
  it 's because solar panels can be only cheap with subsidies the government removed . 
  he just showed how exactly the west did it . 
  yeah , we must return them all to rome . 
  the reason is not to use this for population . 
  the reason is to block attempts to use monopoly on this market to force internal decisions . 
  as i understand , the first users of this system will be crimeans and those who travel there , as they already have absolutely free market of payment systems . 
  the whole region using this system , in their turn , will give a big boost of using that in neighboring regions - all southern and caucasian russia . 
  the government , however , will probably use directive measures to promote the system .
