  i compare the north american ethnic cleansing that happened more than a century ago with the soviet ethnic cleansing that happened more than a half of a century ago . 
  proofs of what , exactly ? 
   you seriously overestimate your army and underestimate the response of the international community . 
  to put it differently , putin only took crimea because that 's how far he could bluf . 
  so , it finally was not russia in donetsk ? 
  thank god , we have a basis to agree . 
   not necessarily in terms of resistance from the ukrainian armed forces which are a bizarre show of incompetence mated to malevolence but because of simple logistics and material limitations . 
  the logistics is very simplified by the fact ukraine and russia share united infrastructure in everything from railroads to electricity . 
  and so about all . 
  yes , to occupy a country , even kiribati , is n't simple , but all problems can be solved . 
  especially when you has a motivation : the choice between expanding your territory and creating the enclave that can be connected with your territory only through the sea . 
  for russia it would be much cheaper to just annex all the black sea coast , than to suffer with the isolated crimea . 
  putin still did n't it . 
   and we 're not even taking into account the russian population 's thirst for war which understandably is not that great . 
  i 've seen how the russian population 's thirst become harsher . 
  the peak , if i correctly remember , was after the events of may 2 , and it did not fall from these times . 
   now see , here you go again . 
  i thought we established that you ca n't compare crimea , a territory intermittently held by various russian states for about two centuries and that underwent subsequent ethnic rearrangements to a town that 's been german for the better part of the last 700 years . 
  well , compare it with dalmatia , for example . 
  if you do care about croats , of course . 
   we could talk about koenigsberg for example . 
  another conquered territory where the native population was displaced to make room for russians , or the baltic states . 
  no , we could n't . 
  you can not compare things of one category and then make a statement that they are the same . 
  of course they are the same , that 's why they are in one category at first . 
  it 's fully senseless . 
  yes , the deportation of crimean tatars can be compared with the deportation of koenigsberg germans from one side , and volga germans from the other side . 
  and the deportation of koenigsberg germans can be compared with the vents in lemberg , kiev , moscow and petersburg . 
  what does it tell us ? 
  yes , stalin was the ill motherfucker . 
  who even could think such a thing . 
   by whom ? 
  by putin , for example . 
  crimean tatars are native inhabitants of crimea , crimea is russian . 
  those statements relate for example , to these two : `` ohio is american . 
  indians are native inhabitants of ohio '' . 
   any justification beyond `` we took crimea because we could '' is pure bullshit . 
  excuse me , but no . 
  crimea was taken , because it populated with russians who never wanted to be a part of ukraine , always protested against it and were repressed by all ukraine 's governments . 
  if it would be about force of arms , there would be no ukraine now . 
   crimea is russian as long as russian armed forces can occupy it whatever . 
  hannover is german as long as german armed forces can occupy it . 
  even the church ? 
  it is very progressive . 
  i believe there was something about samaritans in the bible . 
  not very christian spirit . 
  origins of russia are not more nebulous than origins of england or germany . 
  i do not see that someone proves that germany is n't a real state because it was `` the dozens of principates '' up to the xix century , germans really became an ethnicity in the xx century and bavarians are n't germans at all . 
  rus * was * the dozens of principalities that grew into russia . 
  in the other turn of history it could be the great duchy of lithuania that would unite russian lands . 
  but not ukraine . 
  in those times the ukrainian land `` was without form , and void ; and darkness was upon the face of the deep '' . 
  of course . 
  it still does n't deny the fact that rus grew into russia and then ukraine separated from it , not vice versa . 
  ukrainian identity is created 30 years ago , because there are no differences between russians and ukrainians except political sights . 
  because you have no mosques ? 
  the first using of the word `` rus '' is met in the western sources in ix century . 
  there can not be any doubt where is the dog and where is the tail . 
  and it is n't right . 
  when you do not let decagent regions be decadent , there is no motivation for them to be better . 
  if andalousia is too poor to afford modern spanish medicine , it must have no it . 
  ps i am of course would vote for ciudadanos myself . 
  yes , it 's exactly how it must spin . 
  russian empire was not the most humane state , it was solving problems through the orders of powers and that 's exactly how it colonized ural , siberia , volga area and finally eastern ukraine and crimea . 
   it 's funny how you throw the word genocide around . 
  i did n't use it . 
  yet . 
  indeed , genocide was what happened to the native population of crimea in the '30s during the famine . 
  to make it genocide there must be a proven decision to murder as much inhabitants of crimea ( do n't know whom do you mean here - tatars or jews or pontic greeks maybe ) as possible . 
  only there can not be such a decision , how a random page of a book can not be a book itself . 
  famine started in 1920 and continued up to 1935 ( with local extensions to 1950 because of the wwii ) through the whole russia 's south . 
   in the 1920s though , they were still considered the native population of crimea at the formation of the soviet union . 
  in the 2015 they are still considered like that . 
   and crimea was not always russian , it was made russian by some hard convincing work against the people that lived there before . 
  crimea not always was russian . 
  it became russian in that way : russians had won the war against the previous owner and signed the treaty where it was said that crimea now is russian territory . 
  then russians came and started to live here . 
  what convincing work ? 
  against whom ? 
  convincing about what ? 
  that russians live there ? 
  there is no sense as they truly did . 
  yes . 
  yury dolgoruky was a russian prince from the city of kiev . 
  900 years after him russians from these places decided that they are not russians . 
  it has no relations to yury dolgoruky and moscow . 
  russian empire could n't depopulate crimea with neither pontic greeks deportation nor jew pogroms , because 1 ) both diaspora were very small , about 3 % of population ; 2 ) pontic greeks were n't deported , because they participated in the project of the black sea coast colonization ; 3 ) a pogrom is not a genocide . 
  if you imagine it that jews lived there , lived , then a pogrom became and then there were none , you are mistaken . 
  the most cruel pogrom that happend in russian empire has taken lives of 50 jews . 
  depopulation . 
  4 ) again , when stalin deported crimean tatars , their share in the population was about 10-12 % , the real depopulation became of the wwii and all the victims . 
  but it even has no relations to russia or russians . 
  when crimean tatars will decide to get a compensation for stalin and the communist regime , russians will be first in this queue . 
  now he has n't , and before he had n't . 
  colin powell , sad to say , despite all his gray hair , lied . 
  and that is known . 
   we did agree that crimea was conquered then , depopulated , colonised , repopulated , donated , and again conquered . 
  no , i would never agree with something like that . 
  crimea was conquered , then it started to be colonized with russians , then it was somehow given to ukraine and returned back . 
  what are those depopulations-repopulations you are talking about ?
