  de facto it 's russian too . 
   oppressed how ? 
  systematically preventing attempts for democracy there or banning the use of its language , for example . 
  1 ) acclaimed it through its lobby in the rule of soviet union by saying it 's just for simplification of management and nothing else ; 2 ) kept it in independent ukraine instead of immediately returning it ; 3 ) systematically ignored the will of people there who in beginning asked just for self-government , not independence ; 4 ) evaded any apologies for this ; 5 ) claimed and resisted that crimea is truly ukrainian and has no connections to russia at all and must pay for the simple access to it . 
  i think , the problem of westerners with crimea is approaching from the bad end . 
  always asking : how is it crimea got in russia from ukraine ? 
  never asking : how is it crimea got in ukraine from russia . 
  facts are those : ukraine stole the russian region , oppressed it for twenty five years and now , when the justice is restored , does want it back , because there 's not enough theft and oppression . 
  we , of course , can not return crimea to ukraine , not because we do not want or whatever , it 's just impossible by the meaning of words : crimea could be only returned from ukraine . 
  technically , we can return crimea to turkey though . 
  and this is the case where we do n't want . 
   crimea goes back to its rightful owner ... and it is very probable assuming crimea already belongs to its rightful owner . 
  mongolia occupied russia , but finally it freed itself from the occupation . 
  the same can be said about crimea . 
  we have poland . 
  well , we returned crimea to russia , it 's even better . 
  does it have fresh water ? 
  that does n't matter , buddy . 
  just take a proper draft . 
  it 's in spain . 
  german outrage . 
  in limits set by law . 
  i think , it 's better kingisepp than pit . 
  why . 
  st. petersburg was renamed to petrograd only because of the great war on the wave of germanophobia . 
  surely they would rename it back after ending the war and establishing good relations with new germany . 
  well , albania 's much more europe than many european countries like germany , france or the uk . 
  the ancestors of albanians lived on balkans from at least antiquity . 
  one of them is known as pyrrhus of epirus , a man who gave more to european culture than the whole ukraine for all the time of its existence . 
  so in the place of ukrainians i would be quiet about europeness of albanians . 
  sure , but the estonian town of jaanilinn is the occupied russian town of ivangorod . 
  no spoilers !!, 
  except it 's in europe . 
  the most ukrainian of russian regions is kuban , however . 
  fukushima was an old shit controlled by corrupt officials . 
  i wonder why icelanders are annoyed about the phrase `` southern ireland '' . 
  but in five years we rose to [ this level of ads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aogib4huxms ) . 
  it 's the ad of late 80s or the beginning of 90s when there was commerce and there were commercials . 
  for comparison , [ one of the first ( maybe the first ) ads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehpaendbz0y ) on russian tv saying that 's really time to make contracts with moscow ventilator factory . 
  also we can return moscow to france . 
  it 'll definitely help . 
   how many allies will you have left after bringing belarus some un-democracy ? 
  my comment was exactly about that belarus never was an ally to begin with . 
  belarus = lukashenko , lukashenko = belarus , he is a stupid degenerate with the ceil of a kolkhoz chairman , who has risen to power only through the use of most disgusting corporation of all - the communist party of soviet union . 
  he got the whole country under his control as the part of the same disgusting deal in exchange for supporting another stupid degenerate 's from the same disgusting corporation rise to power in russia . 
  later on he signed a deal that created the union-state of russia and belarus with hope to become the president of it after yeltsin 's resigning , it 's just misfortune putin appeared . 
  anyway , he sucked money from russia by multiple ways for years while ( being still a kolkhoz chairman deep in soul ) going with petty theft ( as the last contraband of banned eu products into russia , that europe applauded again - after all , law must rule in eu , imperialistic devils of east do n't deserve it anyway ) . 
  so the conclusion is simple : for europe he can be a last dictator deserving immediate implaing or it can kiss his feet for how good he is and does n't fear nothing . 
  for russia he is a stupid ( physically ) and dangerous parasite , the more dangerous as long as he smiles and keeps this `` ally '' image . 
  there 's no chance he will resign by some reason other than death , therefore he must die . 
  would i be in power , i made such an order immediately without any thought - after all , i would be a devil in the eyes of the west anyway , no matter how much support of small business and lgbt rights . 
  i do n't know why they brew something under the trademark of `` hitler '' in warsaw . 
  probably , somehow connected to polish death camps . 
  their ? 
  there 's a place for two grasshoppers in slovenia ? 
   metaxas i would live in the fascist dictature where the fuhrer is named after the cognac . 
  also , all the thing with the union state was initiated for lukashenko to become the president of this union state . 
  truly , the rise of putin wounded him deeply in the heart . 
  he 'll never be the friend of russia , he hates it with his guts as long as it 's not his , and he 'll always be continually spoiling and sabotaging it all . 
  in the best interests of russia is to hang him as soon as possible . 
  you want some love , poland ? 
  so , go and find a girlfriend , prick - or this division will be formed of you !, 
  why do we even need english . 
  let 's just speak the language of people who started our civilization , who created it all . 
  latin . 
   for choosing wrong patron . 
  everyone knows , the cheery man is a stupid mindless brute . 
  if you want to achieve some success , work for the widow . 
  rest in peace . 
   why do n't we just form a country with all the slavs ? 
  we will , we will . 
  what is the currency ? 
  sestertii , i hope ? 
  i 've googled that case and found this : `` as they say , during the investigation detectives tried to lock themselves in a bag 400 times without any success . 
  after ending the investigative experiments , one retired sergeant managed to do that . '', 
  well , now i know with what they are busy on the islands . 
  in some cases big pharma ( trying to extract maximum money ) just blocks any attempts for people to get medicine . 
  for example , the situation with hepatitis c. gilead sciences developed the effective cure from it . 
  glory and praise to them for that , for that they invested such a huge money ( about one billion dollars ) in research . 
  cry and kiss their feet for how good they are . 
  however , price for this cure is about $ 80,000 , prime cost is less than $ 10 , they got more than ten billions already and the price is still $ 80,000 . 
  for the majority of russian population having this disease it means slow and painful death from cirrhosis , because they will never have such money nor insurance to cover it . 
  generics are forbidden . 
  it 's even worse than homeopathy , as homeopaths give placebo at least , so people can die thinking there 's still hope . 
  homeopathy is full shit , but big pharma is really evil : somewhere between slave trading and child rape . 
  russia 's former colonies are alaska and california . 
  some islands in northern seas . 
  putin neither invaded nor annexed any of this . 
  the un resolution is against israel . 
  everything against israel is against jews . 
  everything against jews is antisemitic . 
  why , they are very similar . 
  eu is a union of nations building the bright democratic future for its children too . 
  i 've thought it too , because 12 euro for a ticket it 's like really huge money . 
  then i read the article and saw it 's not about transport , it 's about a public event . 
  it 's super cheap . 
   then it 's absolutely justified to start a war and annex it . 
  it 's not justified until the rights of this population are violated based on their ethnic or regional origin . 
  you miss the simplest theory of all : trump 's nothingness that decides nothing . 
  he just paid .
