  with 20,000,000 new graves for french . 
  it seems , it 's really happened . 
  only not in france . 
  if a racist is a man who hates blacks , how can be there black racists ? 
  the same in russia . 
  not even close . 
  mikhail khodorkovsky is the member of the infamous sevenbankershina ( by analogy with the analogical period `` sevenboyarshina '' in xvii century russia ) , seven men that controlled 50 % of every assets in the country ( according to solzhenitsyn , 15 men who controlled 70 % of all assets ) . 
  he shares nothing with common politicians . 
  finland . 
  we spared you only to have a place where we can buy good flush toilets for our elite . 
  it 's not a gateway to hell , it 's a gateway to any woman 's heart . 
  it is a diamond quarry . 
  in modern buildings there are usually load-bearing structures that support the weight of a building and decorative ones that have no sense except filling empty space . 
  you can remove all of the second kind , it will not change anything as they support nothing . 
  oh , of course . 
  i thought that first colonies must have something , but their image in one stupid game distorted my mind . 
  maybe i need to clarify it more : the comparison was not with just 3-storey buildings by itself but with 3-storey buildings in ` european xix century ' - style streets of 3-storey buildings without gaps and with yards beneath these buildings . 
  as i understand , the usa just never had this type of development . 
  because big buildings does n't mean more people . 
  one russian urbanist made calculations : he got that building of all the area with living scycrapers will have about whole 10 % ( or even 20 % ) more capacity than three-storey buildings . 
  because of all the space you need to make parkings , communications , yards and recreational areas , keep all maintenance , sanitation & fire protection standards . 
  though of course it can be the consequence of specific russian laws . 
  le corbusier stomped russia a lot with his ideas of ` big spaces ' . 
  maybe there is still sense for european cities with less stricter rules . 
  because it is easier to rob them . 
  billy milligan did the same . 
  well , really it was just an accident , because movie makers had not found any apples . 
  [ to eat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ebvqp82los ) . 
  what else can you do with onions ? 
  to stop process all particles that fell into sea . 
  you must save computational power . 
  do you really wait snow falling lower than sea-level ? 
  usually a virgin you left under a tree to freeze to death is enough . 
  give her a full basket of onions though . 
  it is stupid to talk about some ` feelings ' of people , especially in europe , based on the us ` feelings ' . 
  there in russia the word `` negro '' is literally common and the most polite way to determine someone 's race ( even scientifically correct `` negroid '' will be more offensive ) . 
  on the other side , if you use the word `` black '' you will be seemed as a racist at best . 
  `` negro '' is nothing , `` black '' is the direct noting of your color 's skin . 
  i think , americans must start to replace all their `` black '' with `` negro '' words , stop discrimination . 
  how much relatives he must kill to ascend to the throne ? 
  because if portugal allows brazilians to enter portugal freely , it also allows brazilians to enter spain , france , netherlands , germany , even poland freely . 
  but portugal has no power to decide for any of them . 
  i was totally minused when i said that ukraine created a site to publish personal data of russian jet pilots in syria . 
  the guy that said that this site is created by a volunteer was totally plused . 
  it does n't mean that i proven he lied by calling the name of this ` volunteer ' and his post in the ukrainian government , nobody have seen it . 
  you 've forgot the ban of any commercial relations with crimea and sevastopol . 
  how can you open borders with brazil at least ( the most problem-less state except portugal among portuguese-speaking countries , as i understand ) without automatically establishing borders with all the other shengen ? 
  if you are a thing , i can get you . 
  thanks for this link , it is an important piece of information . 
  is n't the eiffel tower part of the cultural heritage of the sublime porte ? 
   spain  65  16 i hate all the voters now . 
  no , the sanctions are about stopping trade exactly . 
  it does strike not specific individuals but me personally . 
  your economic boss is also a true friend . 
  and turkish airlines never give you a transit hotel , only a tour of istanbul . 
  i can imagine feelings of people who flies by them regularly with all these 20-hour transfers . 
  the chronology of the events : * ukraine stopped to buy gas ; * tatar activists blew up power lines ; * russia , as the answer to previous bullet , stopped sell coal . 
  all these years before ukraine had to buy through all the winter to fill its stocks and supply its own infrastructure , but now suddenly you have enough in storage . 
  i think , all the refugee miners from donbass significantly expanded storages the last year . 
  we 've built the memorial in katyn . 
  i guarantee that not a grain of polish land is incorporated into russia . 
  yes , serbia , appropriation is what we do . 
  we ( as russians ) did n't stole something from poland , we just annexed it . 
  it was stalin who drew random borders . 
  well , so the only way to prove isis murders people is to find their victim who has no parents . 
  it 's time to return !, 
  russian . 
  though if they do n't realize it by themselves , i turn on niko bellic accent . 
  if i did n't know i would say it 's surely norvegian ( one of them ), 
  i like this `` ultranationalist '' cliche . 
  still am not sure if people understand what it mean when they write it . 
  what is the difference between `` nationalism '' and `` ultranationalism '' ? 
  is n't it too soft to describe putin ? 
  maybe he is already an ultraultranationalist ? 
  or an ultrahiperultranationalist ? 
  it can be actually the reason why romania grows faster than hungary . 
  it is obvious that moving of rural population to urban boosts the economy , as hungary has less potential , it grows slower . 
  when romania will reach the same share of rural population as hungary , it 's grow will fall to hungary 's level . 
  ps i do not pretend to be true there , i only want to notice the fact that growing can be not only ( and probably will not ) a direct line , but also a curve . 
  and that hungary and romania improve by similar laws . 
  there is a small mistake in the black sea region . 
  i actually thought in that moment about history of general states , how bruges was trading with hanse and how amsterdam became a trading center for the whole europe , i just had troubles with finding a word to describe all these associations . 
  i do n't understand how else it could be . 
  they do not emigrate because of their admiration of dutch paintings , architecture and republican traditions . 
  they do not like dutches , they like dutch money . 
  why would they feel them dutch ? 
  i did n't . 
  when we will return easter poland , we will return it to poland , if it will want it , i think . 
  an unexpected guest is worser than a tatar . 
   so is there any point to what you just wrote other tham `` ukrainian nationalism is a silly fad/delusion '' ? 
  ukrainian nationalism is n't a delusion , tt is just artificial enough , especially when it goes about eastern ukraine . 
  yes , every nation started like that and then went through the point of no return . 
  ukraine did n't reach it , the fact of the civil war shows it clearly . 
   and where the fuck did you get this from ? 
  from the neighbor branch . 
  there must be  by that standard the jamaicans and canadians are british too . 
   fuck stalin for making it russian , but thank god for him otherwise this would have been very awkward . 
  of course . 
   that 's not the only difference , it 's a tangible effect of ukrainian nationalism being extremely popular in western ukraine and somewhat popular in other parts of ukraine . 
  well , the popularity of ukrainian nationalism in western ukraine is a tangible effect of the fall of the soviet union and how it turned into cis .
