  the special case is if a crime somehow connected to hate based on ideological , racial , ethnic or religious reasons . 
  as i understand , bubeyev falls under this - and he has previous trials he was found guilty in . 
  aggravating circumstances is a jurisdicial term - it means things that characterize a man not as a conscientious guy who made a mistake but rather as a certain criminal . 
  for example , a murderer can still ease his sentence if he will prove that murder was made in the heat of passion , but if it is a second murder he will get even a harsher punishment than for a typical deliberate murder , because he is now considered as a recidivist , the aggravating circumstance . 
  we do n't . 
  it 's the opinion ( false ) of some idiot antropologist of the romanticism age that sadly melted itself into the body of english language . 
  in russian white people are correctly called europeoids , for example ( though asians are called mongoloids that is a bad option too ), 
  i think that uk has the piece of the other country 's territory and does n't hurry to return it because of naval bases while russia restores its own territories . 
  by the way , about gibraltar ... 
  we are living in america . 
  except true patriots book the first row . 
  to be less pompous than polish < anything  is not an achievement at all . 
  spain . 
  i am disappointed :(, 
  turks drink it without lemon . 
  they just spoil tea . 
  there is no black jews . 
  jesus was a turk too . 
  maybe you also do hate strawberries ? 
  under stalin there was no such a shit . 
  and also english ( as every cultural man must be able to speak with the other world ) . 
  to make all people know three languages sounds very reasonable , i wonder what can go wrong . 
  red runz fasta . 
  because it was lastly used probably three or four hundred years ago . 
  for example , in moscow there was nemetskaya sloboda , a district for european mercenaries , officers , engineers , doctors , workers , prisoners of war lived : they were mostly from germany , then netherlands , england and scotland . 
  it was known by this name until xx century , though it stopped to be a special foreigners district in xviii century , when specialized districts started to disappear . 
  yes . 
  occam . 
   i actually do have photographic proof if you have human photos on your computer it only proves you have human photos on your computer , the crocodile . 
   do you have any evidence to back that twisted conspiracy theory up ? 
  do you have any evidence to prove you are not a crippled dwarf crocodile ? 
  without conspiracy theories please . 
  if not , i will just listen to occam . 
   evidence ? 
  look at this vial . 
  there is anthrax manufactured in syria . 
  and slavs call germans niemcy because it 's the derivative from the slavic word for `` mute '' . 
  it was used to describe any foreigner as someone who can not speak in the known language ( as opposed to slavs , derivative from the `` word , speech '' word ) . 
  probably , in the beginning of their history slavs contacted with germans primarily of all other nations . 
  it proves that philosophy is much more dangerous than weapons . 
  even one not very bright philosopher can deliver more damage than a nuke . 
  do we even need skyscrapers anymore ? 
  manhattan was built in the age of hyper-urbanization when poor communication & transport technologies motivated people to move closer because it was the only way to link with more people . 
  now we can move into 10,000 people towns and still be connected with all the world every second . 
  what 's the point of building giant glass penises ? 
  athens is a very old city . 
  is its transport infrastructure even able to support skyscrapers ? 
   is it such a shithole or are we exaggerating just for the sake of it ? 
  you see , it 's even not a question of a shithole even . 
  it is an islamic state . 
  the northern caucasus is ` hot area ' right now because occasionally some men just decide that jihad and go into mountains ( where you can search for them with dogs , helicopters , satellites and humanoid giant robots for thousand years without a success ) , then randomly attack from their hideouts and kill some military or police . 
  and this is not so much because it 's something immanent for local inhabitants . 
  there is a specific source of this disease : saudi money flow into a region , they open there madrasahs where they explain to locals ( living in depressive conditions ) the right understanding of islam ( the wahhabi one ) . 
  it 's something traditional sufi muslims of russia ca n't compete with . 
  now imagine there is an independent state with the right to determine its own foreign politics . 
  they want to nuke ireland ? 
  a casus belli can be the religious one . 
  but there is a difference between a casus belli and a cause of war . 
  the examples : the war of netherlands for independence and civil wars of britain . 
  as it 's known russian civil war was orthodox christians against atheists . 
  the us civil war was between two branches of protestants , one supporting the old testament slavery and one against it . 
  the cromwellian conquest of ireland . 
  yeah . 
  definitely because irish were catholics , there 's just no other reasons for britain to conquer ireland . 
  a series of local conflicts united into one war by later historians for different reasons . 
  in the same sense one can talk about the second thirty years war 1914-1945 . 
  as it 's known , catholics fought there against protestants , orthodox , atheists and shintoists . 
  and african pagans . 
  if it 's revisionism then history has some examples that disprove my sentence and you surely can provide them . 
  there was no religious wars anywhere . 
   we did n't have wars between them we did n't have wars between them . 
   but that 's the same thing i guess after all right ? 
  just llike catholics , protestant and orthodox are all the same . 
  catholics , protestant and orthodox are all the same and worship the same god who does kill people because they do n't give enough money to him . 
  as well as all the muslims believe there is a book written personally by god , where he orders to kill infidels on every page ( that 's not a figure of speech ) . 
  chechnya is obviously not a core province of russia . 
  alternatives are just worse . 
  a sea-locked drug-trafficking isis enclave in the most unstable region of the map ? 
  well , though europeans are ok with kosovo so maybe they would agreed . 
   where they most likely kill fuck tons of birds . 
  cats control rats , so it 's good to keep some in vicinity . 
  stray dogs however really eat anything alive where they live . 
  during the war everything from meat was a food . 
  once a woman left her house to gather water . 
  when she returned , she suddenly found her home is filled with officers of the blue division who cooked some chicken in an oven . 
  and she was initially scary , as the blue division was on the axis side , of course . 
  but spaniards were true gentlemen , they treated her well and even let her to eat some chicken . 
  that was very delicious after the years of hunger and stewed bark and mosquito soup . 
  by morning the blue division vanished . 
  and it seems they recruited her cat as it mysteriously disappeared too that night . 
  i do n't like taxists too and i can confirm that is the same in almost any asian country . 
  though there 's a difference . 
  if you take a taxi on some random street you are probably safe . 
  however , it 's a different story when you are in an airport , a railroad station or some other transport hub . 
  that 's where real jackals of the roads gather , beware them . 
  they 'll always cheat you and they 'll always spend your time and money . 
  for example , if you traveling through russia by railroad you will probably need to make a transfer in moscow ( because it 's where every line goes ) , say , from kazansky station to leningradsky station . 
  taxists will gladly deliver you ( and they do ) there in less than half a hour and $ 50 . 
  though it would be a bit cheaper to going there on your own , because those stations are in 50 meters on different sides of the street . 
  i was in many places in russia and a lot of countries of asia , it 's always the same and i assume it 's the same in every country of the world ( though i do n't know , maybe it 's actually different in `` the first world '' ) .
