  goodfuckingbye !, 
  ! 111111 this should be totally banned too . 
  you just must know how to talk with officials and there will be no problems . 
  for example , when i first arrived to azerbaijan i feared a bit because of an armenian stamp in my passport , so i simply walked to the closest officer of border control here and said him right in the face : `` i do n't know anything . 
  i never was there . '', 
  he did n't understood . 
  `` where ? '', 
  he looked at me . 
  i looked at him . 
  he said to follow him , and a hour later , after a short interrogation they returned me the passport and i was free to go . 
  no problems at all !, 
  acually , dwarves have american accent . 
  dwarves have gold . 
   ( i know , it 's weird ) it 's obvious , they gather around a statue of a jew who changed the world . 
  the cathedral of christ the savior can be another good meet point , by the way . 
  and now i realized this year i could make millions by producing trump and hillary space hoppers for people to jump for the candidate they support more . 
  it seems so obvious idea now . 
  yes , so a more appropriate strategy would be not to try enter the black market on your own , but use contacts in spheres with ` simplified ' access to firearms : army , police or organized criminals . 
  if you have none , the search , of course , will be much more longer and riskier . 
  why , to buy an illegal firearm is possible , if you really need it and ready to spend a lot of time searching . 
  though if someone would find it or even ammo for this , it is a direct ticket to jail . 
  as did kazakhs and some other tribes too . 
  nordic : short people with huge left hand . 
  but i 'm a roman , romans do n't grow hairs . 
  dutch have green ... grass ? 
  gross !, 
  it 's not true . 
  we think only about women . 
  usually . 
  yes , between those two points commonwealth once was a rich state and almost a great power . 
  but eastern europe as a whole was still in shit . 
  though the latest year eastern europe was as wealthy as western europe was about 700-800 years before the invention of communism . 
   combined the opium wars lasted seven years not twenty , nor did the qing dynasty have half the world 's population . 
  the opium war started in 1839 . 
  the second opium war ended in 1860 . 
  as britain won both , poisoning of chinese went all this time , and before this , and much later , so i said `` twenty years '' with mercy for british , because in reality it 's closer to fourty-sixty . 
   the selling of drugs for monetary gain does not equate to genocide . 
  i will open the most important secret of international society to you . 
  to open it is very harmful , dangerous , bad for democracy and so on . 
  but what 's to do . 
  it 's reality . 
  take courage !, 
  actually , people do not dream about murders of someone by their genes . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  while there are always some deviants who dream exactly that , those are marginals from bottom of society , poorly educated and usually just poor citizens . 
  majority of people are humanists inside with taboo for killings , violence , and also they are animals whose brains are constructed to make them lazy and do only things that produce some practical result . 
  killings of some abstract people by some abstract reasons does n't give it . 
  so , technically there are no genocides at all . 
  britain murdered 100,000,000 chinese not because of their narrow eyes but in the important task of developing its economics . 
  americans scorched 100,000 japanese not just because they loved the smell , but for the great goodness and the end of war without more victims . 
  turks killed armenians not because they do not like their big noses ( turks are the same in that case ) . 
  and so on , and so on . 
  however , despite all the practical reasons and high ideas behind killing armenians , it is still considered as genocide , because the large part of armenians extincted as the result of practical turks ' actions . 
   concentration camps are not the same as extermination camps . 
  of course not . 
  concentration camps are semi-extermination camps . 
  they were created to hold the population under control . 
  if population lives and is controlled , it 's very good . 
  if population starves and dies , it 's very good too , because controlling the graveyard is even easier than controlling the concentration camp . 
  so practical british officers did not bother with making interned boers survive ( why ? 
  all the possible options are good enough ) , and as result the large part of boers was simply exterminated , including women and children . 
  sounds like genocide to me . 
  i of course understand that it would be unpleasant for british to admit this . 
  but i must say , it 's better to not deny your flaws but emphasize your wins . 
  yes , british empire killed more people , than any other state in the history . 
  on the other side british love animals and are good in sports . 
  regions do n't exist . 
   ukraine is the only country in the region without far right parties in the parliament ukraine is the only country in the region with only far right parties in the parliament . 
   i 've never heard anyone describe the opium wars as genocide . 
  the greatest empire of earth fought for twenty years for their right to feed the half of human population with most poisonous drug ever known to humankind . 
   the imprisonment and neglect of the wives and children of boer soldiers was cruel , but that does n't mean it was genocide . 
  as well , as holocaust was cruel for jews ' wives , but that does n't mean it was genocide . 
  britain invented the practice of concentration camps for population of colonies it wanted to get . 
  germans in namibia just copied the technology of mass extermination . 
   because really why should i pay for this ? 
  because you are a german . 
  pay . 
  repent . 
  play the forklift simulator . 
  repeat . 
  the genocide of boers, 
  you see , greeks , your ancestors liked the idea of austerity . 
  yeah , we could build the new normal road with these money in russia . 
  the whole 100m of it !, 
  spain , if you have some problems with fucking , i am ready to help . 
  though he 's against the main inheritor and paragon of soviet idea in the modern world . 
  i mean ukraine . 
  i would never blame the usa . 
  it 's good . 
  all poles love it . 
  actually , everything is britain 's fault , that installed communism everywhere in the world through its masonic lodges . 
  how would they do n't accept , if there is the order from the government that they are now poles . 
  and the next shot is for alexander i who saved us from the currency that would be too expensive for us and eventually destroy our economics , like in greece . 
  gays, 
   really , russians , how ? 
  sweaters . 
  well , i personally even did n't get it to know more about what happened . 
  no news reading , no blog searching , no condolences to victims . 
  there is just no powers in me to feel anything . 
  this shit just happens , again and again .
