  maybe because of that i actually care ? 
  the same fact that you think nazi symbols must be somehow dealt is the problem . 
  those are symbols , for god 's sake . 
  for teaching . 
  and any game about wwii in germany shows the conflict between the us , ussr and frg , as i understand ? 
  well , as crimea is a part of this autocratic petro state , i think , they have more feelings about it than about people with actual money and power from usa . 
  actually , including that people with actual money and power from usa try to choke them , i think , they do not care about what these people want . 
  it 's you who can not easily reach this `` man 's land '' , because your government do not want it . 
  i can easily do it , for example . 
  no , falsification of history is n't the great way to deal with the past . 
  to act like nothing happened is n't the way to take responsibility for the actions . 
  you simply can not explain to your children what germany did wrong and what is their responsibility , because `` um , there was a bad man , but we can not talk about him , because he was very bad , and he did bad things , but i will not tell you , because they can throw me in a prison for indoctrination of children . 
  he leaded german armies to the east and the west under the flag i can not show you because it can turn you into a werewolf of an ideology that we all must forget because of all the pain to other people i can not call because it will be antisemitic . 
  you know , better i 'll buy you an ice-cream , no point to talk about it '' . 
  so , special police forces of serbia will be soon able to beat actors who do not resist ? 
  it 's good . 
  the whole german politics of dealing with its own past is pathetic and laughable . 
  i was very annoyed how they did spoiled their remake of `` the wave '' because `` one does not simply show hitler '' etc. 
  especially considering that they are all dead now . 
  gypsie it means . 
  [ balalayka ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krmvyajzx4u ) [ gusli ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09yluljmiy4 ) [ bayan ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qilac9mc6u ) [ russian seven string guitar ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpcrimr9lr8 ), 
  i will cook stuffed peppers then . 
  thank god , there are churches in slovakia . 
  it is very interesting . 
  so if it is for the fate of the human race , you can break the laws . 
  do you know who else cares about the fate of the human race ? 
  communists . 
  they were planning to march without a permit , but they did it to save the humankind from exploitation by greedy capitalists , they did it to save the working class . 
  or islamists . 
  they were planning to march without a permit , but they did it only to save the humankind from exploitation by lusty women creatures trying to seduce faithfuls with nude body parts . 
  sounds that good enough to let them march ? 
  of course , it 's different things . 
  all of them could be called turkish delight though , but they are n't . 
  congratulations for spain . 
  no , because turks are of the same race , so no racism . 
  in russia we simply call it rahat lokum , pakhlava , halva ... 
  only these people are n't from belorussia , but from - stans . 
  i am mostly annoyed by how they sign into special service for posting short 140-symbol messages and then heroically evade this limit . 
  i admit that rakia is better than vodka . 
  i wish this as well . 
  but both putin and erdogan have more important topics than some `` people '' . 
  by the way , in russian and british empires the monarchs were high priests as well . 
  55 years after islamism started to rule egypt . 
  well , but had n't he teared turkish beer cans apart with his teeth ? 
  to make russian pancakes you must have milk , eggs and wheat flour . 
  so in medieval times for peasants it was definitely an opportunity to show their wealth by demonstrating that they can spend a lot of this in the middle of february for a holiday feast . 
  this projection is n't beautiful at all . 
  it 's the week-long festival in the last days of winter . 
  every day has its own meaning , but usually you must bake as much pancakes as possible , eat it , visit the graveyard with your relatives , ask forgiveness of everyone you 've met and burn a dummy that symbolizes winter . 
  almost every song of this band is very sad and depressive . 
  [ nautilus pompilius - \u041a\u0440\u044b\u043b\u044c\u044f ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvqgkbct6ri ), 
   you are free to make your case , citing sources and references , as is everyone else . 
  [ easily ] ( http://paste.org.ru/?ilj7va ) . 
  that 's the verses of the great russian poet vladimir mayakovsky , `` the bastards '' . 
  he is n't easily translatable , he was a communist , he has more important works , so i doubt it was ever translated . 
  i did it in the limits of my possibilities to give the idea of the text . 
  it was written in 1922 . 
  the author did n't see anything of `` during 1932-1933 '' , because he killed himself two years earlier . 
   musical show  sit you 're doing it wrong . 
  i 've actually read some dumas novel , where the greek kills his daughter because someone else gave her a sandwich . 
  the weird tradition . 
  but only both north and south . 
  must always expand in two opposite directions . 
  it 's sad that it happens , it 's the answer in erdogan 's style , stupid & populistic decision that harms only open initiative turks , erdogan 's enemies . 
  why do we must help him , that 's non-understandable for me . 
  no way , france . 
  we talked about thirteen virgins every month . 
  thirteen . 
  partially . 
  why to not compare two states with similar ideology and symbolics ? 
  well , i even did n't talk about serbia . 
  i talked about normandy . 
  let 's say it openly , france just plunged a bayonet in the heart of every ukrainian baby . 
  hollande betrayed all the ideals and turned into antichrist 's apostle . 
  because western europe does n't pay all those doctor , scientist and other skilled people capitas directly . 
  i did n't say , the us annexed something ( even though taking of guantanamo can be seemed as that by someone ) . 
  but it definitely invaded europe . 
   is invading europe a shared culture you appreciate ? 
  at least it unites us with the us . 
  it is obvious , that at least one turkish jet must be downed if it crosses the syrian border . 
  of course , it would n't improve anything , it just will be fair . 
  i hope western countries do n't start ww3 , when we start shooting down turkish jets that are bombing pkk . 
  i hope , you 've built a house shaped like iberian peninsula on the point of badia del valles in this city . 
  thank god . 
  i feared for a second that germany really wants . 
  you know . 
  do these things . 
  cruelty . 
  harm people . 
  with guns . 
  why do we at first should seek measures harming turkey ? 
  yes , and that makes you think about what are purposes of this `` spokesman '' . 
  russian federation has only republics . 
  but if you want , you can be included as a set of oblasts of south balkan federal district . 
  wolves shall not pass !, 
  poland will be the land of bears !, 
  of course , you can . 
  you will get your own national republic , greece . 
  you will be able to choose your own president and a lot of other stuff . 
  and constantinople !,
