  and so must you . 
  they said london . 
   it 's just that the french are invading so we 've moved our capital to new spain you . 
  lost . 
  french ? 
  today we all are mexican . 
  founded by satan through his disgusting lizard servants from nibiru through their new world order followers through their international totalitarist masons through their russian intelligence agents through their hungarian eurosceptic franchise , jobbik . 
  i think it 's a very good idea to worship boris as a god he is . 
  we all must sacrifice to him . 
  boris , please take this humble gift of a bottle of beer ( no sugar ) . 
  but it 's actually true . 
  there ca n't be irony about it . 
  any disease for humankind is like air rifles against an elephant . 
   each cohort will then be divided into 6 units named centuria each of which are around 80 men . 
  til italians ca n't count to 100 . 
  wait wait wait . 
  if you charge # 12 , then you must give # 2.4 to the government . 
  so you need to charge customers # 12.4 . 
  now you must give # 2.48 to the government . 
  so you need to charge # 12.48 . 
  but this ... oh shit . 
  i understand your irony . 
  i too use my ability to break timespace , when i sit in the bar , and bang suddenly i am back at the home of next morning , some mystical way . 
  but i asked about going back . 
  if americans have no ftl engines , then who killed hitler ? 
  ca n't you ? 
  how do you time travel then ? 
   they broke any chance to back romanov to rule russia again what about michael of kent ? 
  those british women . 
  the beautiest women in the world . 
  thanks i personally would prefer malbolge to libya ten times out of ten after what europeans made there . 
  do n't judge me . 
  i think , sauron is a pretty badass name for a pretty badass animal . ^ even ^ if ^ it 's ^ not ^ so ^ badass ^ as ^ a ^ bear ... 
  okay . 
  sorry for this ( and special apologies to people of connacht ) . 
  i actually think your arguments are reasonable and your position is smart . 
  why do you need their agreement to do this ? 
  if they do not enjoy it , make squads that will beat them up until blood loss , push them through a queue of people who will spit at those traitors . 
  pull them into prison or get them to the closest forest and leave there forever . 
  or just simply burn them . 
  with their support they work for your worst enemy that can only be imagined , they act against ireland and hate it , so show them no mercy as well . 
  cuntacht is irish , it must speak irish . 
  well , you can ban use of any language except gaelic in television and cinemas . 
  the whole country will learn it very fast . 
  and what is about individual happiness ? 
  it 's la patria , it 's the most important thing . 
  your homeland was torn apart by merciless butchers , who killed you in millions , diseased your crops to make you all die , and now you speak in their language , instead of the language of your ancestors , who look at you from the skies ? 
  i do n't understand it . 
  why do n't you forbid english ? 
  it 's so unpatriotic . 
  constanta is renamed into new monte-carlo , monte-carlo is renamed into old constanta . 
  french and americans can do nothing but grind teeth . 
  new monte-carlo turns into the most elegant center of europe and the whole world . 
  yes . 
  and later even the whole universe !, 
  then i was unright . 
  my apologies . 
  i got nothing . 
  carefully . 
  with these ideas you will early or later decide that people must think or learn , or even read books . 
   no country would accept that as written . 
  your logic is perfect . 
  i thought , irish native language is welsh ... 
  what does this guy know about armenia at all ? 
  do n't try to crawl into north america , bulgaria and romania . 
  only poland is allowed to move west . 
  we have another joke about it . 
  `` children , you must know how good , very good lenin was . 
  once old good lenin was sitting on the bench in a park , sharpening his razor . 
  a little girl came and sit close to him . 
  lenin sharps the razor a bit , then looks at the girl and smiles . 
  sharps the razor , looks at the girl and smiles . 
  and then the girl went off . '', 
  `` so how does it show his goodness ? '', 
  `` he could slit her throat any moment ! '', 
  why do you need world 's largest fake viagra plant , poland ? 
  do you want to talk about it ? 
  numbers are like demons . 
  they do n't lie when they are bent by the will of a powerful mage who makes them obey . 
  however , if it is an idiot that summons them , they lie perfectly . 
  when i see these threads about how numbers do n't lie , statistic proves fraud and other i constantly remember about 2012 when `` numbers do n't lie `` rs absolutely proved how putin cheats people , because look at the graph , what all those sawteeth do here every 5 % exactly ? 
  because putin is da fraud , it 's where he drops anotha votes that support his tyranny !, 
  and then it became known that they used rounded statistical data for their research . 
  this is why i am a bit sceptical about all this stuff . 
  or maybe because a creepy russian ultra-hyper-nationalist robot ninja zombie bite my ass . 
  and it 's absolutely stupid . 
  any alternative to this word is much more racist . 
  i had no idea `` negro '' is pejorative . 
  i am very positive about this guy . 
  he realizes the old dream of all russian people : to make a savefile and choose zhirinovsky as the president . 
  j-r . 
  no problem , poles , just move to russia . 
  it can not happen here . 
  never . 
  no way . 
  totally impossible . 
  absolutely . 
  just no fucking chance about it . 
  i mean all slavic cuisines , including russian , polish , bulgarian , even czech with their knodels , that are very starchy , very meat , very fat , not very tasty and so on , as all dumplings in general , or take soups for example , that are ... 
  someone knocks in my door , i will continue after ...
