  scary . 
  m , ugly . 
  they really hope that naive turks will seduce them . 
  by the way , turkey is a destination for really scary women here in russia . 
  poles ? 
  and that 's how they prove that ukraine is n't a fascist state . 
  not official , not deputy , not member of the ruling bloc . 
  you can not bend the reality forever . 
  and when the tension will rise high enough , it will strike you back . 
  everyone in that list is the `` people 's deputy '' . 
  it 's 72 porn stars with regenerating abilities . 
  and that 's the man who 've accused me of propaganda , being brainwashed etc. 
  you * ask * me to prove with a link that some guy is truly the deputy of the parliament . 
  it only shows how far things have gone . 
  okay , i did it . 
  i 've read it in the wikipedia . 
  before this i thought he 's only the minister 's advisor , but he is n't . 
  the member of the parliament and famous politician , in ukraine today it means ` not official ' . 
  by the way , who is anton geraschenko ? 
   because all of ukraine is chauvinistic ? 
  because you saw a handful of people on rt being chauvinistic ? 
  no , not all . 
  usually the government . 
  how to explain to you that i saw it by myself , not on rt ? 
  that i saw ukrainian fighters helping chechens on the federal tv a lot of years before rt was created ? 
  that it was me , who was being searched and insulted two times every time i went by train from russia to russia , not fucking rt ? 
  it was n't rt first who told me about laws against russian language but my friends from both luhansk and donetsk . 
  and again , when all this massacre started , i saw the sabbath of these blood drunken ghouls not from rt. 
  is n't it so difficult to understand that i do not need anything be talked by kremlin , because i live close enough to be a witness ? 
   all ukrainians burn people and chop their heads off do they ? 
  does the ukrainian government also do this ? 
  no , not all . 
  majority just supports their initiatives ( like the government by freeing and celebrating them ) . 
  but the government does thing that are worser . 
   but really what i 'm getting at is that just because you 've seen some dumb ukrainians does n't mean they are all dumb and chauvanistic . 
  it 's like to tell `` because you 've seen some dumb isis does n't mean they are all dumb and chauvinistic '' . 
  well , you see , if a man calls himself belonging to isis , it is already a position . 
  the same thing with ukraine . 
  normal people try to hide that fact . 
  the pilot died . 
  the flight navigator survived . 
  the marine participating the rescue mission was killed when they shot one of the helicopters . 
  no , it 's mostly for chauvinism and emptiness . 
  it 's one thing when you meet with the wonderful and mysterious nation of kreghadans who burn people alive and chop heads because they must protect their rich culture and unique traditions . 
  it is something different when you meet with the wonderful and mysterious nation of kreghadans who burn people alive and chop heads , because ... they are so self-determinate . 
  excuse me , but what rational response do you want ? 
  i did n't say `` hated '' . 
  you can not hate the shit . 
  you just see it , you try to not step into . 
  my mistake . 
  i was absolutely assured that all this industrial complex around starts immediately after the ridge . 
  but , yeah , it 's far to east . 
  why , i do n't need rt for this , while i have both eyes and ears . 
  i see this shit more than twenty five years , it only became faster two last years . 
  i do n't even know what pdr is ( sounds like fggt ) , but okay , maybe . 
  it does n't important , as the topic of this post is `` russia halting gas and coal supplies '' , and `` coal supplies '' here is about kuzbass coal . 
  yarly . 
  it 's you who smoked there in ukraine , when you decided to create a lynch site for your internal enemies . 
  even that was savage enough . 
  but to extend this politics more , help isis ... you are all deeply mad there . 
  it is not important , what they want or do n't want . 
  trade does n't act like that . 
  you can give your price or refuse to sell to me . 
  i can accept your price or refuse to buy from you . 
  you can not get my money and refuse . 
  very simple . 
   russia has occupied parts of ukraine and is selling ukrainian coal they stole back to them . 
  sorry , but no . 
  russia sells ( was selling ) russian coal to ukraine . 
  from a region called kuzbass , it 's in ural mountains . 
  what lpr/dpr sell to ukraine has no relations to this topic . 
  russia does n't `` ca n't '' . 
  russia buys electricity . 
  pays money for it . 
  money paid , no electricity . 
  how can it be explained simpler than that ? 
  excuse me , but we talk about british education , right ? 
  were n't those the same schools that practiced separate gender education and corporal punishments yet in 80 's ? 
  ukraine followed turkey 's example before turkey itself : when it started to publish data about russian pilots families in arabian . 
  it was a plan of saint patrick all these times . 
  i wonder , from where this stereotype comes . 
  asian women have something like that ( not in 25 though , but about 45 ) , but russian ? 
  the only explanation i can find here , it 's weird for europeans because in some european nations women look at 45 in every age . 
  you can legally get only one . 
  and you must take trash out of home . 
  every day . 
  you can be occasionally beaten with pans . 
  ten ? 
  find a fool . 
  now remove erdogan , please . 
  it 's harsh to look how europeans pity that they are pathetic europeans and not cool eastern janissaries . 
  but , wait , what 's this about ? 
  sweden ? 
  of course . 
  your left masochistic madness never was n't even close to european values , so , maybe , it 's just for sweden , maybe turkey will be the step of evolution here . 
  do n't worry , sweden . 
  just wait for fifty years , and you will be as brutal and strong , as great turkey . 
  nobody will call you four-eyed again . 
  it 's probably a russian bomber su-24 . 
  both pilots escaped the vehicle , they search the area for them now .
