  total ban on using any language except belarusian in all signs , for example . 
  actually i was twice in belarus and its government does everything to choke local russian . 
  it 's just a very difficult task . 
  belarus ( and his old russian equivalent `` belorussia '' belarusians strictly consist is obsolete and humiliating ) means literally that - white russia . 
  what if he and his mirror speak in different languages ? 
  you 're saying that she 's all that you desire ? 
  of course . 
  they do n't teach russian history in ukraine . 
  and that 's the point of all discussion . 
  one thesis of state ideology is that ukraine is a very ancient and cultural state existing from bronze age , the state who digged the black sea etc. 
  the another one is russia has no relations to all of it , after all it 's a barbaric nomadic state of finno-ugric mongols who spoiled noble civilized ukraine for thousands of years . 
  so , something must be written about ancient and rich history of ukraine and simultaneously nothing must be written about russia because haram . 
  people grown with such education then go to reddit and start to wonder how is that anne de kiev is russian when it 's the daughter of the great ukrainian president etc. 
  there are some problems with connecting it and another ideological statement of : ` ukraine is actual russia ' but doublethinking will solve it too . 
  after all , for centuries european were taught from the cradle to the grave that 3 = 1 and 100 % + 100 % = 1 too . 
  history is not math and can be bent more easily . 
  the quote would be less contentious if different separatist factions did n't try to steal pieces of russian history . 
  the actual russia existed back then . 
  also i just checked the map and realized britain never colonized north america . 
  there 's just no place for it and i do n't think the us and canda would allow british to do something on their soil . 
   when putin says anne de kiev established russia-france relations ... he is right . 
   the opulence and decadence of the romanian orthodox church lol, 
  damn , what 's wrong with you , romans ? 
  romans do n't weep , they gather legions and oppress germans . 
  one shot for france . 
   let 's call the new country union of europe earth . 
  but how you will pay something that costs 0.67 euro without them ? 
  is it the place where they meet with the greek ? 
  i hope they have some clean money . 
  is n't there incitement to suicide crime in the uk ? 
  why do you even need a cult if you do n't gather in long robes and hoods shadowing your faces somewhere in the deep dungeon full of bones to read your grim chants before taking some drugs and making an orgy ? 
   just draw boarders few kilometers shifted and we have nukes . 
  and very far from the borders by the way . 
  though it actually means their superiority . 
  the oldest states with the most ancient customs and traditions , the most complex political system based on a huge amount of local treaties and contracts , opposite to monolithic national states of new ages . 
  he does it bad , it 's only just to detain him . 
  / s seriously , this is what is called child exploitation . 
  that 's not turkish . 
  proof : there 's no mustaches in the picture . 
  horrific , absolutely horrific !, 
  these abominable french and their culture everywhere you look . 
   put pineapple on pizza but why ? 
  is n't it the best topping for pizza ? 
  actually it 's a part of russia in asia , not europe . 
  like minus forty years ? 
  does it mean catalonia became independent in 1977 ? 
   which is why it 's always strange to me that we have not done anything in sorts to figure a way to fix or stabilize it . 
  but you did . 
  you have killed the horrific horrific horrific tyranny that ruled there and helped to build the better society it is now . 
  in some uncivilized places they use fertilizer as a component for bombs . 
  it 's nice that norway is a developed country and such actions are absolutely impossible there . 
  nuclear energy is viable by itself because it 's cheap . 
  yes it can only be established on a large scale , by design . 
  you can not build a reactor to power your cottage . 
  though once built it can regulate its production significantly depending on the current consumption , something by the way impossible for renewables . 
  because it does n't . 
  politics rejects the free market in energetics . 
  it 's renewable energy that can be economically viable only due to state subsidies ( from taxes over traditional sources ) . 
  right !, 
  now in a good company germans will feel a bit better on this throne of shame . 
  can i use a full-face leather mask ? 
   technically it doesnt commit a serious crime but it is symbolic for the discrimination of women . 
  and these men most probably are n't blacks , disabled or lesbians ... 
   a ------ arrogant workers is the problem everywhere . 
  it 's not trump , it 's puberty . 
  can it be an international bridge without a troll to guard it ? 
  yes . 
  the genetical castes is the very unethical institute . 
  but people there are happy . 
  even those who do n't like this society are n't punished - they 're just given a chance to leave it and build whatever they like . 
  is the brave new world even a dystopia ? 
  why do n't british reform their constitution if it is so bad ? 
  just imagine . 
  you are a cool boy , you drank all the night around , now you wake up in your room . 
  you turn your head left and see the most prettiest girl ever . 
  and you think : `` nice ! '', 
  you turn your head right and see even the hotter girl sleeping by side with a hand on your breast . 
  and you think : `` nice ! '', 
  you think : `` well , i do n't fuck remember anything , so much opportunities to explore ... '' you carefully stroke your palm over the body of the left one and suddenly you touch her balls . 
  the realization comes to your mind and a dread surmise opens the gates of deep black inside your head , and when you start to realize the determinism of your fate and endlessness of events that already happened , the right one turns a bit and her penis slides over your hip . 
  ps the real story :(, 
  hunger and violence . 
  it is their problem . 
  100 years ago people were more familiar with horses than cars . 
  actually we should n't , because this sentence `` occupied people was eventually cleansed from their lands by one of their occupiers '' is false . 
  russian empire occupied crimea til it integrated crimea into its territory . 
  soviet union ethnically cleansed people but it was n't an occupier . 
   i asked why were they under the occupation of the kremlin as opposed to ruling their own country because they were under the occupation of turkey as opposed to ruling their own country who agreed to give it under the occupation of russia by the peace treaty . 
  [ the deduction 's scheme ] ( http://imgur.com/a02d494 ) specially for you, 
   start issuing humanitarian visas so these people can actually leave start issuing humanitarian visas so all people in chechnya can leave . 
   jim carrey too old . 
  geralt will be played by idris elba . 
   compare that to the state of the american economy . 
  it is somewhat as bigger as it was last 150 years , so probably the reasons are n't in berlusconi . 
  nice !, 
  can you please also break the diplomatic relations ? 
  and also if possible to declare a war ? 
  please ? 
  please ? 
   the antichrist has to be someone running the reincarnation of the roman empire .
