  they hired him as a guide but he realized what it was about and managed to send a message , while leading poles further into swamp . 
  eventually they realized he cheats them and chopped him into pieces but to this point the tsar already escaped to the closest monastery able to survive a siege . 
  alexander matrosov , a red army soldier . 
  during the fights of 1943 he and another soldier were sent with a task to stop a machine gun hiding in a fortification from shooting attacking forces . 
  his parther got a shot but he managed to crawl to the bunker and drop a couple of grenades inside . 
  the machine gun stopped and the battalion rose to attack . 
  however , the machine gun started shooting again . 
  without other option he jumped onto an embrasure and closed it with his body , giving time to soldiers to reach dead area . 
  but why these regions are nuts ? 
  still it points that they are not so ugly by design - with proper maintaining they can look ok or even nice . 
  it could be an exemplary town with strict regulations about its appearance - for purposes of propaganda , to demonstrate successes of communism , of course . 
  maybe quarters for officers of neighbor military base . 
  our garrison town looked exactly like this until the beginning of 90 's , and with a working fountain and shit . 
  though it was built in early 80 's . 
   let 's be serious . 
  few months ? 
  25 years , maybe 30 . 
  constructive holds . 
  material fatique etc. 
  it was ok in the time , as communism in 1980 would bring anyone mansions with robot ~ ~ se ~ ~ working class anyway . 
  because he is confused a bit about this . 
  the soviet laws demanded an elevator for higher-than-five-store buildings . 
  so 5 floor krushevka with stairs is okay , six floor and more must have an elevator no matter what . 
  i think the main reason why they look so depressive is they are just dirty . 
  good washing would keep them in state . 
  however , i do n't know about other ones , but moscow buildings are exhausted over the limit and slowly move to the disaster state . 
  if you do not mean renovation as replacing most of a house 's infrastructure including support walls etc. 
  also one must note that they have extremely small flats with superlow ( 2.50 m ) ceilings . 
  you can only want to have one if you are strongly cut off of all other options . 
  however , there can be interesting ideas . 
  i wonder if someone in northern europe uses wall fridges anymore . 
  it would be very green with the current europe 's focus for eco-friendly and power-saving technologies . 
   i would not vote for him but my comrade from the left front who is in prison . 
  for udaltsov ? 
  damn ... french , bring another candidate , this one is broken . 
  by the way , looks very nice . 
  if not for this big wall of concrete , concrete everywhere , i would n't even say it 's so brutal . 
  this gallery downside reminds american 30 's skyscrapers and it all seems a bit like stanford campus . 
  i think this building 's weak points can be fixed with some good facade design . 
  well , what i fear that erdogan once wakes up , looks at the mirror , combs his mustache and thinks : ` well , looks like a great day to declare the war ' . 
  i fear that contradictions will rise , one stupidity will be covered with another stupidity , too much honor here , too few caution there , one crashed plane , piss going up to someone 's brain in the most intensive moment and suddenly there is a war . 
  erdogan proved many times that he is not quite adequate , erdogan proved he has balls for some action ( going to syria , for example ) , his electorate is nationalists and ` rednecks ' and now he has unlimited power . 
   do n't you guys have them pretty solidly overmatched in a land/air war ? 
  in the years when turks tried to fight through quantity and terror that worked well for african irregulars but actually sucked against european armies . 
  turkey has modernized itself since and has a serious army , one of the few in the region that really matter . 
  the russian army on the other side all these years was preparing to fast operations of mobile regiments in local conflicts , that 's why such a huge role of paratroopers and reform of divisions into brigades . 
  i doubt it 'll suffer real trenches well , it 's designed as an anti-guerilla weapon . 
  on the other side , it 's erdogan we are talking about . 
  the turkish army was the guardian of secular turkey for decades , they are his strongest political opponents and he already started to dismantle them . 
  with new powers he will probably totally choke the army and it will be something like early ussr of 20s - the very angry state with a pile of problems with neighbors and a not very big army of human scum ( because real soldiers and officers are either murdered or escaped the country ) . 
  yeah . 
  but he will go for the new ottoman empire and for turkic people . 
  that are ... almost all southern border of russia , sometimes even russia itself , like in tatarstan . 
  there will be a conflict , there will be ` insuperable contradictions ' and i think the contradictions of that level that can be solved only with war . 
   war on somebody in the near future there definitely will be a new russo-turkish war in next 10 years . 
  with a neo-ottoman leading turkey it seems almost inevitable . 
  while the idea was to keep them out of the new world at all . 
  separatism . 
  sweden : we 'd put lives of our citizens to danger because hitler . 
  so he cooks dishes referenced to every candidate and ... oh , another oliver . 
  as i understand turkish girls judge about man beauty by a mustache . 
   but in 1943-44 it was probably obvious even for hitler everything was obvious for hitler not later than the beginning of 1942 , as his dialogue with mannerheim shows . 
  maybe the second half of 1941 . 
   and that the kremlin will take action and help the persecuted people in chechnya . 
   i believe the story with the ussr is a myth iirc . 
  a woman that was birthed 29.02.1930 sued the department that could n't process her personal data because their software did n't support this date . 
  sweden had february 29 and february 30 in 1712 . 
  ussr had february 29 and february 30 in 1930 and 1931 . 
  october 15 1582 goes after october 4 1582 in spain . 
  there is not only leap years but also leap seconds that are determined individually in every case and can not be computed : they are distributed in synchronization tables . 
  your clock can show 23:59:60 or show 23:59:59 for two seconds , depending on its design . 
  there was a time zone somewhere on british isles differing for 00:25:21 from the next one . 
  and so on . 
  also : * one day not always has 24 hours . 
  * a minute can hold more than sixty seconds . 
  * time does n't always go forward . 
  * the next day after october 1 can be not only october 2 . 
  * non-leap year can have february 29 . 
  * time zone difference can be lesser than a hour . 
  * time zone difference can be lesser than a half-hour . 
  * time zone difference is n't always divisible by one minute . 
  is there a sea more sunless ? 
   i ca n't even imagine latin russian ... :( i meant latin language , not latin alphabet . 
  like in russian . 
  you do n't need to write names of countries that have no clay to write their names on . 
  yes , former yugoslavian republic of macedonia , i meant exactly that . 
  i voted spanish of course . 
  spain does n't come and steal your gas , britain , why do you steal their natural benefit ? 
  then the knight of the aryan race grodno freimann wakes up from anabiosis and uses his wunderwaffe to get into a stronghold of allies in berlin and nuke their power plant , effectively cutting allies occupation regiments from contact with their main forces . 
  professor kleiner calls germans to go forth and multiply , now when the allies sterilizing program is stopped . 
  i despise this decision . 
  all of that are half-measures . 
  you take some language and then add latin alphabet to it , the alphabet that was never designed for this language . 
  i 'd say : no more half-measures . 
  we must simply use latin . 
  while it 's slightly better than polish , it looks ugly as shit . 
  especially this je . 
   he threw away the diamonds he stole ... 
  it 's because father brown explained to him that an innocent man will suffer because of this theft and the thief 's soul will die eventually because of this guilt . 
   to save milions of lives both american and japanese .
