  ` tribunal ' means the ` judgement ' , not investigation . 
  if there are laws against mass murders , you 're welcome , what 's the point of some tribunal again ? 
  all exists already . 
  you 're welcome . 
  to shit on is exactly what people do with the social bottom . 
  life of a thief is very hard thing , his way is full of obstacles . 
  god speed you on that way . 
  well , what about creating a law ? 
  ` to shot down passenger airliners is a crime , it is a crime and everyone involved must be judged by international tribunal . 
  the law has/hasn ' t retroaction ' . 
  that 's simple . 
  or you will be playing in shell game with a swindler again and again . 
  the ball is there , the ball is here . 
  ` the sad incident ' , ` we need the international tribunal ' , ` the sad incident ' . 
  it means . 
  either there is justice for all , or there is no justice at all . 
  they do not need to feel something . 
  they did all already . 
  they 've chosen the side of ukrainians . 
  and osmans . 
  they demonstrated it 's not about soviet rule , or communism , they just hate russians , even though russians did n't do them anything bad . 
  just because . 
  it will be bulgaria 's reputation . 
  and they will live with that seal of people who stab you at the back . 
  probably , even without understanding of what they did . 
  russia helped to free bulgaria from turkish rule . 
  bulgarians did what with the memorial to russian soldiers ( not those but still russian a bit ) . 
  they did next : painted the flag of ukraine ( the state that refers to its russian people like turks to bulgars ) and slogan with that russian people are being suppressed and killed . 
  bulgars with that spit not only to russia , they spit to their own ancestors , to their history . 
  and people without history , without honor are called thieves . 
  not because they steal something , because it 's their social class . 
  you sure must save these colors . 
  the memorial looking like that is exactly what a country called burglaria deserves . 
  farmland , agricultural land . 
  you can buy such land for free use only for something about $ 100,000 . 
  of course . 
  30 minutes or even less by a car and you are in the city , 30 minutes again and you are at home , close to the ocean shore , the subtropical climate . 
   sakha it 's not sakha . 
  they give this land in yakutia ( sakha , yes ) , kamchatka , sakhalin , around vladivostok and khabarovsk . 
  of course , no . 
  there are some flat/land renters who do not privatize their property yet , but most did it years ago . 
  you can be a true owner in russia . 
  well , i have read in the news , they give 1he for every member of a family . 
  it sounds more interesting for me . 
  it 's not siberia , it 's far east . 
  siberia is tundra , cold desert . 
  there is enough space , but what can you grow in the permafrost area , no matter , 100 hectares or 10 000 . 
  and the far east , precisely , primorie ( the coast zone ) is not so big . 
  even though it 's very fertile . 
  and what about serbia ? 
  serbians have cyrillic alphabet too . 
  if there are cyrillic characters , it does not mean the submarine is russian . 
  belarus uses cyrillic alphabet , kazakhstan uses it . 
  why to blame russia ? 
  ** russia ** * all is good . 
  you are just angry , because there is no russians in your country . 
  of course you would prefer them , but no , we choose more cultural countries like belarus , latvia . 
  enjoy your ukrainians . 
  all is going as planned ... 
  those oligarchs are just another step in the laundering , not more . 
  they do not have any real wealth except this they * were given * . 
  when the full ai will be created and implemented , we all will be sucking robot dicks 24/7 . 
  nothing bad about it , that 's what primitive forms of life must do . 
  is n't true . 
  i smoke one cigarette all my life . 
  i think italy is a pretty cool guy . 
  eh fucks women and doesnt afraid of anything . 
  you probably mean tworog . 
  i do not think any of russians understands it is cheese . 
  i by myself knew it only yesterday on reddit from some pole . 
  the thing is bulgakov was produced by russia . 
  he was hating soviets up to nausea . 
  as he said , ' i was a lone literature wolf on the wide fields of russian literature in ussr . 
  they advice to paint a hide . 
  the absurd advice . 
  if a wolf is painted or sheared , he does not seem like a poodle . 
  and they were behaving to me as to a wolf ' . 
  how can this man be an example of soviet writer ? 
  there are soviet writers . 
  the murderer babel , the plagiarist barto , the nullity fadeev ... 
  etc etc. 
  and nobody have any interest about them . 
  because they are thugs , appointed by soviet rule to be ' a great writer ' , illiterate and stupid , or mediocrities who was popular among russians only because there was nobody else . 
  the only real name in this list is bulgakov , but that was russian , who by unfortunate circumstances lived in soviet union , being hounded by powers . 
  this list is literally a symbol of soviet culture impotency . 
  i feel with your country in this moment , because it is almost clear why they disappeared and what will happen with them . 
  it is the correct term . 
  unionists started their operation in debaltsevo at least a month before minsk agreements . 
  i hope you understand that every nation that uses latin letters still has its own alphabet ? 
  and the english alphabet is n't the spanish alphabet , it 's even not the latin alphabet . 
  w is the letter you can not find in the latin alphabet . 
  the fourth reich, 
  no problem , estlandia . 
  about 35-40 . 
  actually russia is n't in syria , it 's in the east of europe . 
  as a follower ( or maybe a worshipper would be a better word ) of machiavelli i do n't think it was nobility of poles to leave the russian faith to russians but impossibility of the task : to baptize the whole country into another religion by force demands the absolute tech superiority ( like of europeans to eastern and western indians ) or century-long expansion and control ( like it happened with eastern europe ) . 
  poles tried to make a personal union with russia , and it would be not a bad variant , maybe even the better we finally achieved , but the history turned the other way . 
  the party of unionists lose its battle and do n't say they did n't try : it crushes not only their losses but also their victories . 
  this story is very interesting , with a lot of participants , difficult intrigues , conflicts of interests , some pole-russian personal `` game of thrones '' , so i think , you simplify it by saying `` we could but we opted not to '' . 
  because it was `` another '' serfdom .
