  it 's the example of evil entering as an angel of light to me , and such kind of stupidity is what i actively try to evade . 
  even if it means going against a lot of people and harming their thoughts ( or their illusions ) . 
   nuclear war wo n't mean simply `` returning to xixth century harder life '' , it will mean systemic collapse of all modern states of earth and an overrun by neofeudal militias , the collapse of modern medicine and science , plagues and pests and a general erasing of all of 5000 years of history . 
  maybe it means . 
  though humanity exists not 5000 years but 200 000 . 
  anyway , we still do n't know . 
  you can not say `` will '' . 
  will means something will happen . 
  there is nothing that will happen . 
  it 's always about probabilities and outcomes . 
  i can say a lot of arguments that rise the probability of the case it will happen in reality . 
  i also have some arguments that lower this probability . 
   i honestly ca n't believe how people in this sub can be so beligerant and unaware of the consecuences of real conflict . 
  it breaks my heart . 
  and my heart is broken by how people fear to think properly , even if it means they will live in the world where all their thoughts are not related to something that actually happens . 
  somewhat like if they have never been thinking at all . 
  i do not try to mock nuclear war . 
  i try to mock the method of thinking itself where you can not think about something , simply can not , and if you do this thoughtcrime you will be punished through ostracization of society and losing all your reputation . 
  to be thinking rationally , you must know the probabilities , the different outcomes and think about every one of them to be able to compare it and realize what is worse . 
  it 's absolutely not possible when society treats some things so bad so there can not be any discussion about it . 
  so in my opinion it 's evil thing and i am against this evil much more than against evil like nuclear war . 
   seriously what the hell is the matter with you ? 
  have read marcus aurelius too much , i think . 
  yes , it 's not that bad . 
  it means the humanity will be thrown back into xix century and also that 3,5 billions men will die , and also that the biosphere of earth will be seriously damaged . 
  a long time before this talk i made up my mind to the facts that a lot of humans lived in xix century , that all the modern population of the world will die once , and that biosphere of earth was seriously damaged a lot of times before my birth , and will be after my death . 
  ice ages , volcanoes , plumes maybe . 
  there is nothing good about these facts and all of them bring me the pain , but i still live with it , so it 's probably not so bad . 
  i know , that in the case of nuclear war i can be extincted , but if i survive , i will not lose hope and will just live my life until the day i die . 
  probably because of cancer , but i will die probably because of cancer without nuclear war too . 
  yes . 
  god . 
  what i did . 
  it 's nuclear war !, 
  it 's worse than satan !, 
  it 's almost as worse as hitler itself . 
  a modern man can not say anything about nuclear war , it 's blasphemy !, 
  it 's worse than rape splitted dead kitten , it is pure evil . 
  nuclear war , man !, 
  and they say it in post-nuclear world , where hundreds of thousands of people were burned alive by nuclear power . 
   problem with nuclear weapons is that you got ta make the other guy think that you 're irrational to make a really convincing threat of first use if the other side has second strike capability , got ta act like you 're an aggressive nut . 
  it 's actually not problem with nuclear weapons , it is the main design . 
  the smarter you are , the higher is your reflection , with high level of reflexion you can start not manipulate your enemy directly , by feeding him false data , for example , but by changing his imagination of you , making him make incorrect predictions about your actions . 
  and if he 's smart enough , he can as well assume the possibility of your tryings to manipulate his imagination , and start to manipulate your imagination of him . 
  while you can assume the possibility of this ... and there is no any reason , why would n't do it , if you could . 
  actually not . 
  nuclear winter ringed a bell when i was eleven and thought : the apocalypse , sun is gone , crops die , cold crawls into homes , your days shrink faster than hope in your dying mind ... 
  very cool . 
  but now i am older . 
  i also must consider that nuclear winter is a ) a theory , b ) created by alarmists in the years of the highest propaganda flow in human history , c ) at least some modern specialists think it is not actually right . 
  i also realize the fact that we live in the world of much higher powers than we can free by using nuclear energy , even all of it we can use . 
  for example , we live in the world where volcanoes exist , but somehow we survive this . 
  it gives me scepticism , though does n't mean i want to experiment with this . 
  and somebody does think so yet ? 
  i mean , it 's not 1950 anymore . 
  we know that even very powerful blast does n't ignite the atmosphere . 
  it 's actually very funny . 
  damn , i can read the whole sentence and i even do n't know portuguese . 
  but what is golacos ? 
  gaslighting , i hope , not some boring drugs ? 
  there must be a mistake with ireland , britain is red on the map . 
  what about b : `` you 're a moron , gayness is obviously the worst thing ever . '', 
  a ( arrests person b and prosecutes him for insult and discrimination ), 
  what if russia is trump 's crazy puppet country ? 
  so , which one in yours ? 
  1000 points , of course . 
  everyone knew someone who made it and saw * the cartoon * . 
  i mean * the cartoon * . 
  the one it shows you when you win the game . 
  wow . 
  and i already was so proud of netherlands where at least women can get salary for nothing at all . 
  wait . 
  you have looked * the cartoon * ? 
  some of them definitely do . 
   these families basically had two options : 1 . 
  stay together and be poor . 
  be separated and have better lives . 
  i cried the first time since i watched the true `` the butterfly effect '' ending . 
  i can have it . 
  just do n't want . 
  so it would be really bad to put russia on the maps , because i would want a sandwich then but i do n't want it , so it 's good there is no russia on the map . 
  of course , i would !, 
  there is no russia on the map . 
  nothing compared with wanting a sandwich ? 
  czechs , what do you feel when you see poland wins again ? 
  i have imagined a truly marvelous form of this , which this picture is too narrow to contain . 
  no mystery . 
  lucifer is the angel of light . 
  evil is beautiful , and when it crawls into heart , no one , no matter how smart he or she is , will be able to recognize it as evil . 
  all will be sure that they are on the side of good against eternal darkness . 
  russia should be supplying free bombs to ukraine ... 
   a corrupt version of [ some corrupted state ] sounds too dialectic to me . 
  what if ... ... poland is canada of europe ? 
  that 's why they do n't play the prisoner 's dilemma with italians . 
  yes . 
  it is the separate system of satellites launched by russian space program . 
  it uses different types of orbits to guarantee higher precision of results in high latitudes . 
  it already sounds cool , but i hope at least some of them are ninjas , samurais , cowboys or robots . 
   so , what exactly drew your gaze to poland love . 
  money love silence , my dear ...
