  and now i feel exhausted . 
  apathetic . 
  40 people died here , 100 people died there , a truck , a suicide bomber , a fucking machinegunner , 300 dead in iraq , you soulless racist scum , a psycho with a daddy 's .45 , cannibals , 20 beheaded students are found in mexico . 
  the popular blogger is torn to pieces in bangladesh . 
  whatever . 
  turkey 'll be ready soon , you just need to endure some spain of time . 
   contestants will each sign a waiver acknowledging that they might be raped or killed but the rules also state that police are free to arrest anyone who commits a crime on the show . 
  `` you must understand that the police will come and take you away , '' the rules state . 
  it just has no sense . 
  i am already allowed to rape and murder anywhere with the condition that the police will come and take me away . 
   because here he will not get justice vigilantism, 
  no , no , it is de jure allowed as it is written in the constitution , but suspended because russia is a member of council of europe . 
  it can only be used when russia leaves the council of europe , there 's nothing in the constitution about banning death penalty . 
  why do you think he is a cocaine dealer ? 
  done . 
   or are you just projecting because life sucks in siperia ? 
  yeah , we all suffer here and dream about moving to gulpia . 
  someone stole my phone . 
  i silently looked into his life for weeks and started to feel sympathy to him and guilt about what i did . 
  i made an anonymous payment to him . 
  when he disconnected , i visited his home , he looked at me about two seconds and he was hairy and smelling . 
  i said nothing and left out to not make him worried . 
  the end . 
  i think , this film can get its popularity in finland . 
   in what sense is this not a genocide ? 
  in that sense there is no such an ethnicity - kulak . 
  a kulak is a peasant rich enough to hire additional labourers for his farm . 
  in this sense the progressive scale of taxes can be called genocide . 
  does it target specific group of people ? 
  of course , it does . 
  and the most of them are jews !, 
  damn you , france , how could you even become so nazi ? 
  and to this i must add , that while peasants of south russia starved in collectivization , urban dwellers of intellectual professions were been torturing in prisons and executing directly , without any your `` deportation '' or `` enslavement '' . 
  somehow though nobody does call it genocide - probably , because while there are countries that equal `` repressed peasants '' and `` we '' - there is no country yet to equal `` we '' and `` repressed teachers '' . 
  baltics , you are very cultural people , i think it 's your turn to defend people who were destroyed and murdered only because they were as smart as estonians . 
  coffee is a noble democratic western drink , it 'll annihilate any cunning bizantine metal with the flaming sword of freedom . 
  but he drinks coffee . 
   but when chechens want independence thats a `` no no ! '', 
  it 's really not so much about chechens wanting independence , the problem is when chechens want independence , they usually try to solve this with murders , hostage takings , tortures and slavery . 
  well , then read the alphabet , please . 
  it is basic for all russian schools . 
  not some conspiracy . 
  i wonder , how it is even possible . 
  you read the books about roman history , you read th books about etymology of latin , you read the books about greece , and about persians , and about scythians , and about spartacus and damned etruscan , and gracchus , and nero , and early christianity , and ellinistic egypt , and so on , and so on . 
  then some guy comes . 
  he just recently opened the prophet for himself . 
  he read the book , he is exalted . 
  the worlds are opening before his eyes , the truth mercilessly invades his mind . 
  he says : `` read mommzen , you are so pathetic '' . 
  the wrong one is that who does n't understand history as any science does n't end on someone 's opinion , and there 's no the book with absolute truth about everything . 
  well , you are wrong on so many levels about jews and holocaust . 
  really need to read something like climov . 
  it is not true . 
  tatars origin form turkic tribes , not mongols . 
  they created islamic states and fought with russians long before the mongolian invasion . 
  and i always thought the spaniards are the most greedy people of europe , because one old wizard making gifts is not enough for them , they also need mage kings for this . 
  i must realize long ago , there was some mistake in conclusions . 
  it is stylistic , you can capitalize any words as long as they are important . 
  though ignoring commas in verbal adverb phrases demands someone 's blood , definitely . 
  it is the seccessionist movement in its development . 
  in catalonia , bretagne , bavaria and california after all it will be totally the same . 
   have completely supressed any secessionist movements ? 
  there is ukraine , there is mongolia . 
   what about the people of catalan origin in other parts of spain ? 
  they are traitors who betrayed perfectly greatest and greatly perfectest catalonia by collaborating with spanish occupants . 
  their vote does n't matter . 
  because life with phimosis is painful . 
  english . 
  one million words . 
  still not enough to evade words with 20 meanings . 
  well , i will give all my billions ( except one ) to anyone who will prove some billionaire is my father . 
  who are those barbarians with negative opinion about roma ? 
  crush them , kill them , turn them into slaves . 
  how it does not count ? 
  of course it counts , a lot !, 
  estonia , you are counted . 
  two things make me believe there was a plan and the world was created by a smart designer : how one liter of water weighs exactly one kg and how moldova 's economy fits exactly one moldova 's economy . 
  actually , violet is on the opposite side of the spectrum and purple is a mix of red and violet that lies out of the spectrum at all . 
  but english messes all the stuff , as usual . 
  stop this shit !, 
  why do we even need talk in a language of lazy bastards , who think there is no problem because everybody must learn their own language ? 
  let 's learn the language of cultural understanding people appreciating european cultures , let 's go dutch . 
  well , some of them are definitely anti-slovak , some have troubles with hygiene and there 's always a probablity some of them have been working as prostitutes before . 
  all is clear and understandable . 
  just another proof french origins from russian . 
  female prisons are n't such violent . 
  this - u - is just a british provincialism , pure american does n't have it . 
  imagine how great it would be if instead of states there were billions of microstates of one man . 
  old russian . 
  church slavonic language is ... well , it is church . 
  and origins from bulgarian , not russian . 
   if us will fall into two halfs , it 's the eastern part ( where the statehood core is ) that would become the successor of current us california is in the west . 
   blackmail is a crime so you could report it to the police before they dump something with your name on it . 
  though you still can spoil life to people you do n't like without warning them about it . 
  so , either you give me these pathetic $ 500 , or in a week your name will be found on some country road in a trash bag . 
   i 've surely miss something along the reasoning path , lol hitler was a pole . 
  and a jew . 
  if he has become a king now , then ... who was the king before ? 
  ... his father ? 
  but his father 's chosen people are jews .
