  nine choose forty . 
  twelve are chosen from forty . 
  twelve choose twenty five . 
  nine are randomly chosen from twenty five . 
  nine choose forty five . 
  eleven are randomly chosen from forty five . 
  eleven choose forty one . 
  forty one choose the doge . 
  is nazism . 
  no , seriously . 
  as centrism unites good ideas of both left and right wing , nazism unites the most radical ideas of both left and right . 
  therefore , it is radical centrism . 
  russia has turkic homeland therefore turks are one of nations of russian federation and must obey to its laws . 
  is it safe to get in contact with thames liquid ? 
  we all live in asia , it just has some big peninsulas . 
  but germany . 
  why greece ca n't just buy some s400 for itself ? 
  the wwii was exactly to keep the status quo in the world meeting the main contradiction : it 's divided by the old powers of britain and france keeping everything in its spheres of influence and having the biggest part of political power while the biggest part of economical power is in hands of a new giant of the united states . 
  when russia was close to the state of an absolute juggernaut it immediately got the war with 80 % of the world ( britain , france , turkey , italy ) with silent support of 20 % of all russia 's allies ( prussia and austria ) . 
  nobody likes juggernauts and one must realize that the us became the one only after 50,000,000 people died and because more cynical inhabitants of the world wars age had no nuclear weapons to solve the problem of atlantic ocean . 
  actually it were us who gave you western europe for your pathetic second front because we do n't like gays anyway . 
  nobody would let russia to be an absolute juggernaut . 
  and russia, 
  you would need half a year . 
  13 non-working holidays in russia are since december 30th to january 10th . 
  there 's more holidays during the whole year . 
  i feel about 30 in total . 
  i do n't know who you call nationalists . 
  well , the west seems to have troubles with it , going as far as calling him an ultra-nationalist , a man who keeps the borders open for uneducated criminal workforce of islamic countries , forgives them billion debts and keeps chechens more equal than others . 
  all nationalists i know hate them deeply , maybe partially because they are judged extremists banned from any political rights . 
  um , in my case they cut my foreskin and wrapped it around the dick , and it definitely was circumcision . 
  it does n't matter , how european and democratic the country is , because it still will be true for any state from sumer to the most democratic european democracy . 
  the basis of the state is a court , that 's the first and main institute of society and exactly the reason why somebody ever thought that feeding a crowd of stupid politicians is a good idea . 
  and in a court trial there 's always someone who loses , and a lose in a court trial means violence over the loser 's freedom , property or sometimes body . 
  so cryptoanarchists from the bright future can bravado me from their earth of impossible goodness , but european democracies do n't . 
  those european democracies by the way who forbid to their citizens the right to have weapons while obviously supplying its own force structures with it in needed amounts - the best example of ` violence monopoly ' . 
  well , the main function of a state is to nullify human rights . 
  there are prison sentences and sometimes death sentences , the monopoly over violence is the most important state prerogative . 
  though the scale of this nullifying matters . 
  it reminds me the words someone said about ussr . 
  communists want to build a society where everyone is equal , everyone gets their food freely and works to their possibilities . 
  there is already an example of such a society in almost every city - a prison facility . 
  so , good luck , britons , you will have your freedom and safety behind the barbed wire . 
  you must understand that a man eating british food for the whole life already has a weakened stomach . 
  because your desovetization is the most soviet thing possible . 
  that 's exactly what bolsheviks did - renamed all the wide avenues into the avenue of ( some hungarian/taiwan/ugandian communist here ) and forbid to think otherwise . 
  so soul ^ ^ less, 
  damn , some homes already turned to villas . 
  must stop buying wine before losing all the workforce . 
  dinosaurs were fine for millions of years . 
  fascism in a nutshell, 
  it 's simple . 
   the kids are alright ? 
  do n't you know the kids are n't all , kids are n't alright ? 
  it 's a lie . 
  nobody is paid in condensed milk in russia , it 's just a subsidy for all people working to north of the arctic circle . 
  that 's also the very first year i need to use a heater almost every morning here in moscow . 
  i understand , not even close as bad as anomalous heat . 
  still it 's the very weird year . 
  you see ... 
  i mean , just imagine , you walk into a restaurant and you want to order some steak , some nice steak , from beef , juicy meaty piece of beef . 
  but you ca n't just eat a beef steak on its own . 
  you must order some vegetables . 
  well ... 
  i am not the best at explanations . 
  yeah , so two . 
  i meant gorbachev . 
  russia has only two living presidents too . 
  nah , russia actually does n't like lgbt . 
  because all these kinds of energy generation are yours - except nuclear power . 
  attempt no investments here . 
  the horizontal 3 colours . 
  nah , it 's just because your own flag is ugly . 
  city of paella, 
  as a russian i can say that i was never offended neither by kacap nor moskal . 
  ca n't say the similar about topknots though . 
  well , crimea is back , so it 's your turn , eu . 
  wait , he went to politics ? 
  i thought he 's just a guy who plays a guitar in a cool way ... 
  once i will judge my older sisters for all of these years of torture by this group . 
  this and nirvana . 
  damn , i was just a small boy , i just dreamed about a sibling who will listen something more cool , something like that one group that makes people bleed from their ears , `` vitalica '' , i guess . 
  well , at first , if you say like that , you can also say about how democracy is stupid . 
  for example , there are socialists who constantly claim to increase taxes and raise pensions . 
  so all the pensioners vote for them even though they support the failed system living its last years that chokes the country . 
  it 's natural for people to vote for someone who defends interests of their own group , ethnic , social , professional , whatever , not just for some ` great good for everyone ' . 
  so i think it only shows the problems of estonia . 
  the situation of its russian population is that they just can not split by their political sights and feel a need to vote for one special party that claims to defend their rights for decades . 
  i mean , why those kurds even try to vote for their own parties when there 's so much beautiful parties in turkey . 
   also , since russians are so tolerant , especially in the baltics , could you tell me this thing means ? 
  i think this thing means that there is at least one stupid russian . 
  that 's because ottoman empire counted ( probably for purposes of info warfare ) everyone in its army as ` men ' : including servants , cooks , camp followers , smiths , whores , horses , dogs , cats and mice . 
  you say that only because all poles secretly dream about being bad guys again . 
  actually , there 's not plenty . 
  it 's like 40 years of oil against 70 years of gas . 
  thorium the only hope . 
  we are always good guys . 
  misunderstood good guys sometimes . 
  i 'd say since 1991 it 's more russia is part of chechnya . 
  you thought nobody researches london in france ?
