  it will be more correct to say that kiev is russian because ukraine is the shard of russia , not vice versa . 
  karelia is already returned . 
  we could n't , because saddam has no nuclear weapons and crimea is russian . 
  they know , they live there . 
  yes . 
  crimea is already returned . 
  bulgaria has coastline and there is no films about bulgarians brutally murdering western tourists . 
  he is an ukrainian internet warrior, 
   india  bad food the moron made this video . 
  i wish to pour still hot carry into his opened bowels . 
  president of moldavia demanded to pull military forces of rf out of transnistria chisinau advocates the change of the peacekeeping operation with a civil mission supported by an international mandate . 
  the president of moldavia declared the demand of full russian military force pullout from transnistria . 
  he said about in saturday , december 12 , at the international conference `` the politics of neutrality : international collaboration in the name of peace , safety and development '' in ashgabat . 
  `` we repeat about the need to of ending the process of russian military forces and ammunition pullout from the territory of our country '' , moldavian medias cite his words . 
  besides that , timofti stood for transformation of the peacekeeping operation in the safety zone into a civil mission under an international mandate . 
  he noted that russia promised to do this at the summit of osce in istanbul in 1999 year . 
  in the territory of the unrecognized state of pridnestrovian moldavian republic ( pmr ) the contingent of russian peacekeeper forces is located ( 1 battalion - about 412 men ) and the military base n13962 ( also known as ograp ) - two battalions with total strength of around one thousand men . 
  the members of ograp guard the ammunition storages in the village kolbasna left there after the fall of soviet union and still not taken out from pmr . 
  ograp and the peacekeeps battalion are being completed with both pridnestrovian russians ( around 150-160 thousands of pmr inhabitants have russian citizenship ) and soldiers sent from russia . 
  moldavia does n't recognize any legit status for ograp and demands to move russian army out of its territory . 
  but fishers demonstrated the desperate resistance in defending their independence , their army acted so fast and merciless that russians wavered and confusedly retreated . 
  it 's not homo , it 's omon . 
  if women and men are equal , it does n't mean that we do not need chivalry anymore . 
  if you hate having a decent standard of living , socialists are a better choice to vote for . 
  they are famous for their economical successes in every country they were in power . 
  well , in russia it was still twice higher than in the western europe . 
  but not the most shocking thing anyway . 
  i 've heard stories about how they put their olds ( with their consent ) in a sled to drive and leave them in a forest . 
  to short amount of mouths to feed . 
  it 's so disturbing for modern people ' minds that almost nobody can believe that was happening just a hundred years ago . 
  as far as i can understand this topic , the main reason of child mortality in russia were winters ( that were much harsher in the end of the little ice age ) : high temperature stresses for an organism and bad feeding because of food shortages : transport infrastructure was just not good enough to balance all products : every measure the government did to improve the transport sphere lead to falls of mortality . 
  no , it is specifically french problem to not believe in the existence of french ethnicity . 
  also you can not believe in sun , the universe , the rules of arithmetics and indian ocean , if it insults you too . 
  maybe there is some sing about it . 
  ps oh shit !, 
  of course !, 
  the king was also the sun !, 
  i deeply regret about the wound i put right into the heart of all french people with the words about this damned star . 
  i really did n't find this shocking that adult peasant women marry men instead of getting the high education and building the career . 
  you are n't first one to understand it like i was really shocked . 
  maybe there is problem with my sense of irony or with reddit . 
  but , shit ...  47 per cent of children in rural areas did not survive to their fifth birthday . 
  what is the fucking wrong about it ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's the reality of the world without antibiotics , cars and cheap food . 
  every demographic blown-up and increasing of lifetime in every country in xix-xx centuries happened because of children mortality shortage , not because of everything else . 
  french nation exists . 
  french ethnicity does n't exist . 
  if i was french i would vote for fn . 
  oh , wait , that 's actually what they did . 
  they did n't . 
   the average age of marriage for russia 's peasant women was 20 ; holy shit, 
   what is newsworthy here is the fact that for the first time russian officials seem to recognize that reality . 
  they thought a barrel will cost $ 50 in next years , now they think it will be $ 40 . 
  it 's nothing like rejecting the reality . 
  it 's because * you * value the work of artisans , not artists . 
  i will send you one air ticket to the small but beautiful tropical country . 
  ps make sure , you have a chinese visa . 
  actually , the most shocking thing for me was when the bing opened their plane-view isometric maps of the us cities and i realized that the simcity 4 is totaly photorealistic . 
  turkey still sees women rights as bigger threat than isis . 
  he suffered it so stoically and fatalistic . 
  the same shit . 
  does someone know the number of ecuadorian embassy in the uk ? 
  common !, 
  if these fucking spags went to a forest to bury someone they would be buried themselves . 
  and where is skopje ? 
  in those mountains or on this island ? 
  by the way i do not understand why everyone looks it as communistic . 
  stalin did not invented this style by himself , it 's the building in the fashion of 30 ' 40 ' years , you can see originals everywhere on manhattan . 
  but chrysler building is the tower of liberty and this one is an ugly communistic ruin somehow . 
  if stalin conquered warsaw at 90s , he would probably build some shard of mirror glass , like other buildings around . 
   you may ignore inconvenient reality for as long you can , russians and ukrainians are different and ukrainian nation does exist . 
  you can ignore inconvenient reality for as long you can , russians and ukrainians are two branches of one nation . 
   more like serbs and croats , i think . 
  serbs and croats are infinite times more different than russians and ukrainians . 
  they have real religious separation , for example . 
  it still does n't change that they are serbs and croats only for themselves ( and also for those who likes to see them as an example ) , while really they are the same people known as serbocroats ( or maybe croatoserbs , it 's hard to say ) . 
  both exactly in the same way roll their eyes and talk something about `` they other are very different people '' . 
  what 's the difference they can not explain . 
  such a feeling . 
   nobody seen ukrainian language ? 
  really ? 
  just visit cherkasy , poltava , rural sumy and kharkov precincts kharkov is a very cultural city and its inhabitants speak in very pleasant southern dialect of russian . 
   indeed , catalonia , quebec and scotland are decimated . 
  yes , they are . 
  the history of separatist movements in spain of xx century is known . 
   wow . 
  color me impressed . 
  care going to separatist-controlled donbass and telling them that ? 
  they are separatists for ukraine , it 's something obvious that ukraine must hate them up to teeth grinding . 
  but it 's actually what ukraine is for russia . 
   really ? 
  yarly . 
  in the first link there is about a man judged by the extremism law . 
  not the best one , but russian nationalists it in prison because of that as well , as ukrainian , tatar and others . 
  in the second link there is a vandal . 
  the third one is sad , still there is no link with the government . 
  you see the difference . 
  putin could do that , he could make such an order to kill some crimean tatar student . 
  only it 's not known .
