  no , no , relax , the talk is not about how to steal beautiful french of french people . 
  no , but being in english = being for all , because the international lingua franca is english . 
  so to speak in english would be very polite and good for maintaining connections with the world . 
  dog shit will appear . 
  no wonder . 
  i mean , look at their national subreddit . 
  i 've once went there to talk about some serious stuff : napoleon , how pathetic their president is , what 's the best brand of frogmeat , etc. 
  and what did i see ? 
  j'anime fossolame m ` jealon ` de te cruasse for thousands of pages . 
  probably , the most language chauvinist sub in the whole europe . 
  * and even there , where people gather who surely do n't know your native language , they manage to format their comments , like translation . 
  * france , it would be so pleasant if at least one day per week you did n't show us how barbarian untermensh we are in the light of french culture . 
  a true man must live in a house built from woods ' flesh , smoke dead leafs , eat bodies of grain and drink blood of vines . 
  i 've never even heard about that place and from all my friends only one guy was in israel ( because he had a jewish girlfriend that talked him into it ) . 
  maybe , because tour operators determine routes more than tourists . 
  i mean , for example , why it is so cheap to go to sharm-el-sheikh where you get all-included system ( air tickets , two weeks of hotel room , a free buffet and alcohol and beach ) for a song . 
  tour operator has contracts with all from an airport and an airline to the hotel : it supplies a definite amount of tourists and get special discounts for that , and has really very low profit ( not percents , but permilles ) . 
  and they make all these contracts with countries like turkey , egypt , tunisia or thailand . 
  israel is very exotic direction . 
  well , maybe there is a niche for the orthodox tourism , but pilgrims go to jerusalem , of course , they have no interest in sea and hotels . 
  have they stole your beach towel ? 
  just use lufthansa , estonia , no need to bother with such boring things . 
  czechia is one of the better countries in europe , but i do n't blame them too . 
  idiocy is n't criminal . 
  [ it is n't ] ( http://one-europe.info/eurographics/alcoholic-consumption-in-europe ) . 
  [ and never was ] ( http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/ter_iura/44398301/18133/18133_original.jpg ) . 
  red wine is healthy , of course , but in moderate doses , not the french ones . 
  in the place of portuguese i would be especially kind with university professors in these days . 
  the most funny thing about that is sharm-el-sheikh ( and a lot of other popular egypt resorts ) is n't related to egyptians and even arabs - it is just a path of desert with hotels and beach . 
  the absolute wilderness . 
  but it is very cheap and accessible , because touristic companies have been turning it into a touristic conveyor for years . 
  for a lot of russians it 's the easiest possibility to just live a week on the sea coast , swimming and tanning . 
  after all , not everyone lives in portugal . 
  it 'll definitely bounce back , as it is decided now that the replacement of sharm-el-sheikh will be antalya . 
  let me explain , why goa , in three words . 
  lsd . 
  definitely he has this right . 
  in the high school i was called an idiot for that i 've not found too funny to piss in a condom , tie it and throw over the head , again and again . 
  what to do , it 's impossible to live without someone thinking you are an idiot . 
  does n't it mean `` a burger made of ham '' ? 
  it 's not the first disaster in russia they laugh about . 
  after the known events in their redaction the scan of their cover was popular enough , where they mock the victims of the terrorist act in moscow metro . 
  however , it is not so important . 
  and it has nothing with sensitivity . 
  you have your freedom to draw a picture that mocks such things and to not be killed afterwards . 
  but i have a right to account you an asshole , because you are really one . 
  no , the international court of arbitration in hague . 
  the scientific conference . 
  all talk about historical achievements of their scientists . 
  `` we made the first radio '' , italian says . 
  `` it is n't true '' , russian says , `` the first radio was created by popov and i can support it with documents '' . 
  `` we created light bulbs '' , american starts to say . 
  `` no way '' , russian interrupts him . 
  `` the first light bulb was produced by yablochkov , and i actually have documents for this too '' . 
  the long silence falls over the room . 
  then the french rises to say : `` in xvii century we , however , invented la fellation ... '' the russian : `` i am ready to show the document of xv century . 
  it 's the letter of ivan the terrible to the boyars . 
  he writes : ' i fuck you all in the mouth , you are absolutely transparent bastards ' . 
  the last part is about germans who want to say they invented x rays '' . 
  it was proven in the court that vodka is russian . 
  [ the crown to take ] ( http://jasonlefkowitz.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/ireland.jpg ), 
  i do dutch invert . 
  i always thought there are 13 counties in ireland . 
  i shot my kneel . 
  it hurts . 
   but we do elect them by majority rule so it is democratic ... as i remember , al gore had majority . 
  and arkhangelsk to norway , and siberia to china , and moscow to poland . 
  and a book with numbers of all accounts in switzerland . 
  and to pack all jewels and send to the uk by fedex . 
  and mass suicide afterwards . 
  when you 'll come at last , freedom ? 
  yes , this and spain . 
  and argentine . 
  i do n't know , whom to make responsible for the most important tasks in the life of the country . 
  who will endure such a burden ? 
  who will be a good specialist enough ? 
  who will make the country prosperous and modernizing , clean and safe , improving and effective ? 
  well , actually i have a great idea . 
  there are some guys on the corner , i must ask them . 
  that 's not his perception , that 's how people do themselves . 
  and it 's good . 
  if i really cared about people , i would be going mad immediately after any news broadcast , telling me about plane crashes , chemical spills , fallen bridges , burned trains , earthquakes in nepal , tsunamis in thailand , terroristic attacks in new york , and so on , and so on . 
  ignorance is how people defend their psychics , so it 's obvious that people are ignorant , and it 's beautiful that they are , it means they are sane . 
  as a russian myself , i agreed with that , however , i do not see something bad in poles ' actions . 
  they did what everyone would do in their place . 
  and , to their honor , their only crime was greed for power and ignorance of the conquered lands ' culture . 
  conservatives , are they right wing xenophobic ? 
  monarchists ? 
  christian fundamentalists ? 
  and hungarians never knew that they choose hitler and pol pot in one person . 
  i mean , he is so cute !, 
  who could know that it is really the monster massacring innocent syrians with machine guns and poisonous gases ? 
  well , let omit the question of the hungarian government 's racism ( no , oppressing people of the different race is not racism while you do it not because of their race ) . 
  but what 's the logic here ? 
  clinton was caught cheating his wife and lying by oath ( with a hand on bible ) . 
  it means , that americans are atheists , liars and they tend to adultery , because what 's the other point of choosing such a president ? 
  and it is actually stupid to get such a big crowd of people like `` eastern europe '' and then try to attribute them such statements like `` they are more racist '' , `` they are less racist '' . 
  is eastern europe really speaking polish more often than the west ? 
  it is the national unity 's day not because moscow was liberated from polish invaders , but because it was liberated by forces of militia , organized by people without help of ( not existing ) state and from all the corners of the country , even though not so long before a lot of them were independent states . 
  how about debating a potential name change in the lithuanian and leave english to people from english-speaking countries ?
