  putin at least hides this fact ( if he really did ) . 
  the regime of ukraine is absolutely open about murders . 
  that 's the difference between the simply authoritarian society and a fascist regime . 
  [ all roads lead there ] ( http://imgur.com/hjyiwdl ) . 
  except one . 
  this building is so beautiful . 
  maybe i wrote it not very correctly . 
  we do it in family and neighbors , not on streets . 
   so the only difference between russian and ukrainian people is clothes style and different type of soup , and that 's it ? 
  no , the message of my message was opposite . 
  there is no differences between russian and ukrainian people ( except their political sights ) . 
  even clothes and soups . 
   like , you know , i never seen antarctica that means antarctica does not exist . 
  nobody seen except ukrainian nationalists ( who , however , talk in russian every time they are caught when thinking nobody other can hear them ) . 
   what happens if they claim creation of the free ural republic peacefully ? 
  will the russian imperialist scum start the civil war ? 
  every state kills separatists . 
  and thank god . 
  because separatists are scum , not those ones who fights against them . 
  they sow chaos , blood , violence , and usually are agents of hostile states . 
   so , you agree that crimean tatars and pro-ukrainians are being oppressed and terrorized in crimea and separatist enclaves no , i do n't agree , why must i ? 
  this is theoretically possible and for ukrainian nationalists it means `` it is '' , but there are no proofs . 
   i can easily find you many , because they are not hiding at all . 
  unlike russia where being pro-ukrainian is actually a crime . 
  it 's already a perversion of reality . 
  being pro-ukrainian in russia is not a crime ( unlike ukraine ) . 
  we do not put such kind of people in jails and prison ( like ukraine ) , we do not drive them to a forest ( like ukraine ) and do not provoke mobs to murder them ( like ukraine ) . 
  there only routes to rome are shown ( when two or more routes merge , they are drawn bolder ) . 
  routes to other cities are not shown because they do not lead to rome . 
  you can as well make a map `` all roads lead to lillehammer '' . 
  we bless them too . 
   ok , mentality is a vague word , what about culture ? 
  i hope you are not going to imply that ukrainian culture is different ? 
  that difference is as contrived as ` mentality ' . 
  the ukrainian tradition is to wear vyshivankas , the russian one is to wear kosovorotkas . 
  that 's the big the difference to kill for . 
  the ukrainian tradition is to eat bortsch and the russian one to eat shchi . 
  what is the difference between bavarians and hanoverians ? 
  ones eat sausages and others drink beer . 
  what is the difference between inhabitants of manchester and liverpool ? 
  ones eat fish and others eat chips . 
   however , in central and west ukraine majority is speaking ukrainian in everyday life , as well as rural slobozhanshina . 
  big cities in the east are mostly russian-speaking . 
  i 've never heard ukrainian speech in kiev . 
   like i said if ukraine is occupied by russia the likes of you can and will ban even mentioning ukrainian nation but it 's like to ban mentioning the rain . 
  it 's like to ban mentioning uralics . 
  nobody would do such a thing , except uralics start to claim the absolute need of the civil war and creation of the free ural republic . 
   oh , it can and would absolutely love to . 
  ask crimean tatars . 
  or pro-ukrainian people in separatist-controlled regions . 
  ask pro-russian people in the `` government '' - controlled regions . 
  if you would find one . 
  they hide their position as long , as they can be killed for it . 
  no , i am serious . 
  because here in russia the eggs you painted are yours . 
  and when you meet someone with his eggs , and stop , you both take one of your eggs into a hand and start to knock them into each other until one breaks up . 
  the one with the unbroken egg is a winner . 
  so , it is simply an ogorod . 
   also before the holidays you are supposed to paint eggs but do you fight with these eggs ? 
   how long have you been in ukraine ? 
  ukrainian mentality is different from russian mentality and i think it is quite easy to notice in everyday life . 
  mentality is one of the words that everybody uses but nobody knows their meaning , like `` soul '' , `` god '' , `` life after death '' . 
  their especial senselessness makes them very useful for people who professionally cheat others ' minds . 
  it 's like watch a ball in a shell game , the ball is there , the ball is here , no , now it is there , turn left , turn right , turn through the center and back again , where is the ball ? 
  if you can not determine something , it does n't exist . 
  like mentality . 
  and it is all that can be said about it . 
   a lot of ukrainians speak different language too . 
  absolute majority of ukrainians speak russian , and this can not be changed . 
  you go to the streets , you hear russian speech . 
  it is true for every city from the eastern border of ukraine to kiev and maybe further to west . 
   the annexation of crimea probably had more impact on people 's awareness that they are ukrainians rather than russians . 
  of course . 
  because ukrainian is a political declaration . 
  the change of politics , the change of ethnicity . 
   if ukraine is occupied ( or some puppet government is installed , which is pretty much the same ) , russia will of course unleash all kinds of terror to bring ukrainians into submission russia can not unleash any other kind of terror that was n't used on population of ukraine yet . 
   i see , from that point of view uk is n't any different from usa . 
  uk was n't any different from usa in 1792 . 
  from these times the usa survived the waves of irish , german , polish & italian immigration ( without counting smaller waves ) that changes this fact . 
  yes , you can go through your link and see that he never `` always '' said that the greatest tragedy in his life was seeing the ussr collapse , and that he 's trying to bring russia closer to those times . 
  he never said that . 
  and this way is belarus . 
  it sounds ironic . 
  nobody discusses it . 
  the politics of the current russia 's government was stupid , inconsistent , cunning and coward . 
  they are n't calling indias . 
  they are called romas . 
  is n't it obvious that these spags must be immediately deported back to italy ? 
   i think you might be overreaching if you think that ukraine would have gone a different way today . 
  ukraine would have gone a different way by one simple reason : the only difference between russians and ukrainians , the only one that allows to say that one guy is russian and another one is ukrainian , is political view . 
  ukraine exists because in 1991 yeltsin exchanged his support by one of the high communist party politicians for independence of this territory . 
  as well , stalin exterminated russian intelligencia to get the support of bolsheviks from local nationalists . 
  that made almost all ukrainians that exist to this day , because it 's either politically beneficial to be ukrainians under the current regime , or because the regime spent a lot of money to make them believe that they are ukrainians . 
  ukraine is n't any different in that case than russian north , or siberia , or far east . 
  if the civil war would go a bit different way we could as well discuss today the differences between siberians and russians and how siberia would have gone a different way . 
  it 's safer here . 
  stalin would act differently , without any propaganda . 
  the current population of kiev out , the new population of kiev in . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's what he actually did , by the way , and why ukraine is an independent state now .
