  wait . 
  it seems they break it ? 
  there is a word '' \u0411\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0435\u043b\u044c\u0449\u0438\u043a '' ( somewhat like ` nolimitman ' ) . 
  it was invented by gulag prisoners ( criminal ones ) to describe a prisoner that does n't hold neither to law nor to law of thieves . 
  thieves ' law strictly regulates life in prison , including castes of prisoners , relations between them , how everyone must talk , what to do etc , including of course beatings , homosexual rapes and all other prison stuff that is totally acceptable , of course . 
  as long as some conditions are true . 
  if someone says you are a homosexual or even calls you a dick you must agree with it and join the caste of anal victims or clean your honor by beating him up ( killing is possible too for such an insult ) . 
  if he has no proofs of his words and you can not be compared to him physically your cellmates must help you win over . 
  however , if he proves you are a homosexual , your cellmates must help him if you resist to join homosexual caste , because the rule explicitly says that you can not be of any other caste . 
  though they can not beat you with anything except legs , because touching a homosexual caste member with something except legs and a dick marks you as the same . 
  such kind of rules . 
  they are cruel and injust and violent , and they are created by ` thieves ' that means men who totally refuse the society and any of its rules and live only by criminal money . 
  however , one can learn them and as long as he keeps them , it guarantees that nothing bad will hapen for the whole sentence . 
  they have more positive role than negative because they ensure that sociopathic people locked in one room for years will not end butchering each other . 
  and there is nolimitmen , criminals so desperate that they do not hold neither the society 's law nor the law of thieves . 
  they are not protected by it and not tied by it . 
  if you are in cell with such people , your health , status and everything relates only on their mood . 
  they are not liked by others ( because not obeying thieves law is much worser than even homosexualism ) and it makes them even more dangerous as they can hope for nothing and have nothing to lose . 
  well , maybe too long to explain all the context . 
  but i think this word is the most short and full way to answer your question . 
  four stripes . 
  abibas is the best . 
  hot . 
  nah , slavic cuisine is pretty shit in comparison with mediterranean . 
  it is very heavy for stomach . 
  yeah . 
  remember my first experience . 
  yes , i was funny , i was saying a lot of deadpan jokes , i laughed over any stupid thing ... 
  so , nothing even changed . 
  what 's so special about this stuff ? 
  though i must say , it was very crippy when all left , and then amid the night the cat started to walk everywhere and open and close doors . 
  and how he looked at me ... god . 
  i was very glad when i realized it 's morning and i survived all this shit . 
  ps i still admit that playing vr games when high is much more fun . 
  every chechen in the political office has a golden gun . 
  when russians will rise to the power in russia , kadyrov will be in jail . 
  though the chain of events needed for this will probably have him killed long before this . 
  blasphemer !!!, 
  ! 111111eleven, 
  because i am a smart , handsome , physically stro ... well , after a thought , i think i actually fit pretty well . 
  saunas in the sense of how they understand this word in the us or a right proper sauna with water steam ? 
  `` and very few were supporting the speculation that the institution is earth colony on the far unknown to science planet savchuk in the constellation of little mechanization . 
  how damn it can be the far planet savchuk if armenians come to build like to all good people . 
  well , fantasizers were saying , armenians will reach everywhere where spread of work is presented . '', 
  azteks were good kitten-loving scientists . 
  it was spanish ink visitors who told all the blatant lies about them . 
  chocolate ones . 
  i hope he will not return to europe . 
  we do n't want amok epidemic here . 
  they are not big , they are only about 100 employees , as i remember . 
  it is nothing in comparison with developers of some medal of duty or dragon effect . 
  geralt is a lovebringer . 
  and a heartpiercer . 
  damn , finland . 
  witcher 3 ? 
  just take my money and continue with city-building games . 
  god . 
  where is my simulator of a northern pagan living in a forest and building a bathhouse ? 
  in full 3d ? 
  well . 
  resurrection . 
  so they need some lightings . 
  damn !, 
  i need to buy a diesel generator . 
  every evil genius must have a clone chamber , it is the rule number one . 
  obama calls putin : `` listen , vlad , there is a problem . 
  elections are coming , but mccain is so popular . 
  can i ask for your help ? '', 
  `` no problem , there is one specialist . 
  we call him the beard . '', 
  three months after . 
  churov reports to putin : `` it was a difficult task , vladimir vladimirovich , but we did manage it . 
  results in minnesota and ohio are not best , florida is almost lost . 
  still united russia managed to get 95 % of votes . '', 
   wait wait wait , russian election commission has received reports of vote fraud from one city in siberia and a rumor about a part in moscow . 
  the country-wide fraud of elections in russia . 
  both ussr and russia has not similar geopolitical situation to the third reich and germany . 
  now , if talking about ideology , it is very possibly to be true . 
  now , when you reached the climax , let me show the way you are mistaken . 
  i , of course , knew about german deflectors . 
  they teach about it in the 9 year of school in russia , so really no high achievement . 
  i did n't know about whether they were or were n't shot ( though it 's not hard to guess ) and i do not care about it . 
  because ... 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  you try to prove that russian soldiers slept in their barracks because nobody knew and anyone who tried to say was immediately killed . 
  you base your opinion on some document from russian archives , that was written by someone documenting the interrogation of these `` immediately killed '' . 
  so , no nobody knew , after all . 
  somebody knew , because there was no voice-typing typewriters back in 1941 . 
  it does n't change the fact that russian soldiers were sleeping in their barracks , when the invasion becomes . 
  the fact , and this fact shows that there is just no causal relationship between quality of someone 's knowledge or unknowledge about the situation and sleeping in barracks or anywhere else . 
  nobody knew , soldiers slept in their barracks . 
  somebody knew , soldiers still slept in their barracks . 
  now it is the good point to stop and think for a while , what if there 's something obscure , something that you do n't know , something you did n't notice in the sources . 
  something you missed . 
  it is a good strategy to ask yourself about every time you meet a situation that seems paradoxical , because there is usually no paradoxes , but lack of information . 
  think about it before trying to mock me , while pushing your own subjective opinion about how everyone in soviet union was a blind idiot . 
  i know , know , stalin was mentally disabled , it is highly known for example , that he was falling off a chair every time he tried to sit it , and did n't know how to talk . 
  he also was probably impotent , lame , pregnant with lizards and clinically dead . 
  definitely , that 's not something you would be proud of , but either you like or dislike him , it has no any small relation to the question of his knowledge or disknowledge of the situation in the pre-war years . 
  as you see , he was listened .
