  wars grow from unsolvable contradictions . 
  some snijok is pretty sure he defends the great ukrainian nation and language from the creeping invasion of a brute northern aggressor wishing to destroy everything valuable and make his home ashes . 
  and i 'm pretty sure he supports the violent and aggressive pushing of his culture over anyone who had misery to live on the territories he considers his own . 
  as well , as it 's obvious for him that the great ukrainian city of odessa will have no russian occupants no matter what it 's obvious to me that the great russian city of odessa is temporarily occupied and it will be fixed in future no matter what . 
  this opposition ca n't be solved with logical arguments because anyone who will appellate to logic automatically loses in a big prisoner 's dilemma . 
  no reasons for confidence and nobody wants to risk ten years for a weak chance of freedom , therefore both will choose two years of imprisonment . 
  therefore there will be war . 
   well , sometimes the people in charge sitting in their expensive mansions far away from the war want to have more power and money sometimes . 
  is n't it simplification to see this as one explanation of wars ? 
  like people are idiots and never notice someone uses them from expensive mansions . 
   are you talking about informnapalm ? 
  this or peacemaker , i do n't remember exactly what is the brand . 
  i checked this site immediately after i 've heard it because it was too kafkaesque even by post-odessa ukrainian standards . 
   who do you support ? 
  national democrats . 
   the war is horrific though , all wars are , there 's no denying it every war is horrific . 
  however , people constantly do them , not because they are stupid or someone likes it . 
   it 's a regionally protected language exactly the first action of the current ukraine 's government was to undo it . 
   there are some battalions that might do that , but that 's not a government program , just some vigilantes . 
  these vigilantes are organized by the paragon of the will of ukrainian people , the elected deputy of verkhovna rada . 
   ukraine did n't cooperate with isis and this program made a branch exactly to give info in arabic language for isis fighters to know where their enemies ( russian pilots in syrian campaign ) families live . 
   because there are many ukrainian people who are good people many good ukrainians are a fact . 
  as well as many bad ukrainians . 
  it does n't mean we must give them half of the country and pay tribute every year because otherwise some good people will suffer . 
  it 's hostage tactics , and there 's only one antidote against it : no negotiations with terrorists . 
  and it does n't mean i do n't hate russian government and putin personally . 
  i would n't deny some bloody revolution in russia to fix some things too because not doing it is worse . 
   you talking about the ldpr ? 
  they 're very far from democratic or liberal . 
  if i talked about ldpr , i 'd say fascists . 
  i meant the opposition in general who likes to talk about brother nation of ukraine and how we must support it and how horrific the war is . 
  this point of view is presented in russian society but still marginal . 
  and rightly so . 
  my point of view as a russian man is very simple . 
  i do n't talk about historical lands of russia and how they appeared in ukraine 's hands . 
  i do n't talk about a big piece that was given to ukraine in the start just for nothing , for peace between brother nations and so on , i do n't talk about how it lost it totally and became a sucker , deciding how much we will pay for their magnanimous allowance to use sebastopol 's port or a gas pipe ( and how much we must pay because you can not simply build a pipe through the sea , even if you can , it 's a horrific crime against humanity ) . 
  about creeping ukrainization of russian population . 
  those all are disputable topics , there can be discussions if it was or it was n't , it 's just or not just , whatever . 
  i do n't care . 
  as a slav russian-speaking male of russian ethnicity , i speak about the state that denied use of russian language , gathered scum from all the corners of the country and then defended them with all possible measures after they burned 50 people alive for support of russia , started a program of lynching anyone who supports russia , cooperated with isis in it and last but not least shelled lives of my friends in donetsk & luhansk into a hell . 
  i understand that they are all liars and retarded who can not see the difference between terroristic russian shells and democratic ukrainian ones , we are at / r/europe , still i do n't see a reason why i must be paid for hate to ukraine and wish this state to die , vanish from all the maps and be separated into as much parts and between as much countries as possible . 
  it 's great that our society is slowly healing up , and even democratic liberals traditionally agreeing with the west in anything ca n't more associate with support of ukraine . 
  we 're going to free our people from the dictate of genocidal scum and it will happen no matter what - either there will be navalny as a president or strelkov , you will pay for your crimes fully and totally . 
  you know that and the inevitability of that and your only stand is to scream louder about murderers who touched innocent innocentest ukrainians who did nuffin . 
  who would n't ? 
  direct action is not always the best way . 
  it is a far greater victory to make another see through your eyes than to close theirs forever . 
  we have n't received any signal for five months . 
  the full blackout since the incident . 
  no radio transmitters , nothing . 
  i fear slovakia is lost . 
  i really fear to travel to germany . 
  no offense , i think germans are great people . 
  in everything . 
  awesome men . 
  i mean ... their faces are really creepy . 
  make room !, 
  make room !, 
  because musk is our next czar , not theirs . 
  it was when they still were russians . 
  we injected them through polish defenses only much later . 
  malorossiya , novorossiya and velikorossiya ( micro rossia , neo rossia and megale rossia ) are terms of greek origin . 
  russia was a department of the byzantine orthodox church until it established its own patriarchate in xvi century . 
  before this there were political struggles about who obeys whom , lithuanian and other ruthenian princes constantly tried to make their own branch of russian church submitting directly to constantinople . 
  one of those ` civil wars ' resulted in appearing of micro rossia , 7 of 19 russian episcopates splitting , then neo rossia to determine episcopates splitted from micro rossia . 
  later on plc used terms like `` black rus '' , `` red rus '' , `` white rus '' to name their russian lands , probably from the color association with directions , black for north , red for south , white for west and that 's how ruthenia alba , belorussia has appeared . 
  later on , the historical science of russian empire reused all of these old names and decided that the main ethnicity of russian empire is russians who split in three main branches : velikorossy , malorossy and belorossy . 
  the term `` novorossiya '' was used to call barren steppe lands catherine the great started to colonize after crimean khanate became no threat . 
  it was the age of classicism and greek origin of all these words was their big advantage . 
  there is no mention of it in the article ( the mention i 'd have found at least ) . 
  i wrote it exactly because i was there , read this info stand and there is no mention of it in the article i 'd have found . 
  it 's very easy to believe that 's the old stones preserved in their original structure , when you are n't at place and do n't see what remained of the church built like a thousand years after . 
  reconstructed in 1970s , not original greco-roman . 
  it 's a horse . 
  you ca n't ride a horse while on the train . 
  not sawing it totally , shortening it to 20 rounds instead of 30 . 
  just steal their towels . 
  i understand that it 's a traditional warrior outfit , it 's just ... people in donbass quickly learned to saw off ak mags cause stock ones pick on things like bushes and stuff , to shave heads because hair closes the sight ... and there 's some carnival level of helmets , swords and fur armor . 
  though well , what i know , maybe he 's an armenian jack churchill . 
  do n't like . 
  he 's a poser . 
  moustache , rambo-style ammunition belts , historical cap , a sword , furs ... 
  it 's very great and badass . 
  also it 's what will kill you in real warfare . 
   horses  weapons  colorful clothes that 's gypsies . 
   and still a lot to dig nah , we are already as deep as hell . 
  we are so deep we actually hear ukraine knocking the ceil . 
  nothing happy about the revolution winning . 
  why ? 
  is n't the sun most popular british newspaper ? 
  well , a king 's responsibility is not to be smart , it 's to guarantee no one else will take the first place in a country . 
   and 8-lane roads and a lot of open space is common as one belarusian author said : ` the city of two blitzkriegs - guderian 's and zhukov 's . 
  since times captive germans had been rebuilding it , the ghost of roaring tank spearheads rushing through the summer hanged in mid-air over the city . 
  avenues wider than stadiums , streets that would be avenues in any other city . ', 
  czechia 's answer for 1968 is to make the us bomb chechnya ? 
  it 's not exactly the revenge . 
  in south america it 's ` por favor ' . 
  anyone who became a venetian doge is already confirmed as a genius . 
  the elections in venetia were like this : thirty are randomly chosen from one thousand . 
  nine are randomly chosen from thirty .
