  of course , i do not think latvia must pay something . 
  actually , i doubt it is even possible . 
  but there 's two alternatives for latvia in russian direction . 
  it can talk by good , or it can talk in the language of money . 
  in the latter case , russia has all the rights to speak in the language of money too . 
  though latvians of course understand it pretty well themselves , so it 's not a real demand , just a turn in political games of latvia . 
  maybe . 
  latvia does n't hurry to calculate it though . 
  on the other side latvia still did n't pay for the occupation industry and infrastructure it nationalized in 1991 . 
   i do n't get it why the overall economical view is so dramatic for them as the statistics say . 
  because romania does n't need to eat its future to maintain its current level . 
  it lives within means . 
  the main source of moscow traffic jams is the city 's ring structure that appeared in medieval times and only became worse , as the oldest highways are built in the place of old city walls and new ones just extend that idea repeating their form . 
  on the other side , communists continued to develop these in this direction , so this can be counted as their mistake , yes . 
  in later 70s there was a plan to transform the outer ring into a bow directed to saint-petersburg with the perspective of forming the new super-aglomeration , but this project was criticized , buried and forgotten . 
  just build more rings . 
  i doubt 1400 bisons is the ecological limit of our temperate forests . 
  they possibly just not managed to populate it fully yet . 
  if they started from 50 creatures 90 years ago , i mean . 
  of course i mean miners , the humble labourers of mines . 
  their rights must be protected . 
  the idea that men feeling safe everywhere is not going to fixed by forcing them in tight enclosed spaces with strangers . 
  i would say more . 
  what about miners ? 
  the idea that miners feeling safe everywhere is not going to fixed by forcing them in tight enclosed spaces with strangers !, 
  let 's make miners-only cars , like in japan . 
  dominicana, 
  i am not a criminal , but i risk to suppose its form makes it an ideal knife for stabbing someone to death and running away , and its small size lets easily hide it in clothes . 
  finka was the number one for criminals in russia in the first half of the xx century . 
  well , the map looks true . 
  as i 've heard in czechia , a spanish village is a truly weird thing to be happy there . 
  modern computer systems are hackable . 
  because modern computer systems are cheap shit where failure probability is n't important , as any potential failure costs nothing . 
  your account is hacked and somebody put your nude photos into the web ? 
  well , bad news . 
  but in the place that need security , there is security . 
  bank systems are not modern and they are practically unhackable . 
  imagine light bulbs powered by coal stations . 
  and what is even more notable , opposite to nuclear power , it really pollutes radiation . 
  nothing is guaranteed , but the modern reactors while keeping all safety rules are practically invincible . 
  the only comparison of measures of such a level can be with planes and their infrastructure . 
  planes can crush only when a lot of systems fail simultaneously by extreme misfortune . 
  but reactors are not fragile metal machines going to air but large concrete buildings , so they are even times safer . 
  because it is not traditional russian dress , it is the uniform of russian military units of xvii century , streltsi . 
  also , [ ukraine ] ( https://www.google.ru/search?q=\u0443\u043f\u0430&amp;tbm=isch ), 
  and multiple violations of security . 
  and the obsolete design of the reactor . 
  edit : safety , not security , of course . 
  french ? 
  what french ? 
  i meant german , obviously . 
   how tiny our world truly is . 
  once we drove back home from sicily non-stop and it took almost 24 hours \u0425\u0430\u0445\u0430\u0445\u0430, 
  english has any status in diplomacy ? 
  why would some diplomat use english when they can simply speak the magnificent and infinitely beautiful language of presidents and kings , palaces and workers ' huts , the language of the world-class poetry and literature , that every diplomat knows ? 
  from early 80s , i would say . 
  he wants to find a wife but he does n't want her to be a woman that only loves him because of his money and power . 
  so he keeps incognito . 
  [ we never mix them ] ( http://cs.pikabu.ru/images/big_size_comm/2013-06_1/13704534699827.jpg ), 
  so it was a detail of wwi ? 
   sure , ukraine has not had a good run during its independence , but if they really are doomed then why russia needed to invade ? 
  nobody says it 's doomed . 
  people often forgive that 's the third reich appeared not in the empty space but on the ruins of weimar germany . 
  the thing is militarist national-driven states do not obey common economic laws , for example , poverty of the population only stimulates people to join the army . 
   because i certainly do n't see it useful for russia to now get such a big enemy for itself which pushes for sanctions against russia , boycotts russian products , imports way less from russia , blocks aviation etc. 
  excuse me , but all is already happened when one political party had taken over the state power . 
  the anti-russian party that as the first step blocked the law allowing the limited use of russian , then claimed that the russian fleet must leave its base , and finally ended by burning russian supporters alive . 
  pushes for sanctions against russia . 
  russia was buying electricity for crimea supply , paying with money . 
  ukrainians said `` we do n't need money '' and blew power lines up . 
  that 's the case of all possible trade agreements with ukraine after february 2014 . 
  with mockery like `` it was n't us , it just football fans fool with '' . 
   that 's what you get when you invade and annex territories of another country . 
  that russians are finno-ugric mongols who stole all the good from ukraine and must be punished for their audacity ( like using the ukrainian brand `` russia '' while ukraine suffers ) i started to heard long before the events . 
   and before ukraine there was georgia . 
  what georgia ? 
  i am really not the best person to talk with about , because i actually think saakashvili is a good politician who did a lot of things right . 
  his only problem he is not only a georgian , but also an american . 
  and watching how by order he easily refused from georgian passport , only an american . 
  that determined a lot of things in those times too . 
  yes , i remember him among those who signed the accords about the creation of ukraine . 
   some people like it so much they get lost . 
  yeah , i think , the realty there must be in favor among ukrainians . 
  someone will misguide you for a russian , jump higher . 
  yes , it was putin who destroyed all ukraine industry , education and healthcare for 30 years . 
  who else except ukrainians that destroyed their own education , standards of living , income inequality , life expectancy and patents with their own hands can talk in voice of every russian . 
  is n't the average european some about half of the average american ? 
   oh and russian state media warned against `` a big attack on putin by western press '' so this must be it , so they kind of knew what was coming and braced for impact . 
  i think they knew if the head of oocrp spammed twitter with messages like `` be ready , tomorrow the world will never be the same '' , `` mr peskov you will get overtime job soon '' etc, 
  i knew that dixie had slaves , but i never knew they also have traditions of cannibalism . 
  then they ate some spur , started to make chaos , offend the his majesty , to drown british tea , england became angry and excluded the us from being the ~ ~ citizens ~ ~ subjects of the best country of the world . 
  in 1940s ( the end of the colonial age ) thailand was so poor people needed to dress sons like girls for involving into child prostitution for garrisoned us soldiers . 
  thailand was not colonised simply due to russia 's threat to involve in the case of britain and france splitting the country . 
  too bad europe does not produce someone to kill them . 
  why to be mad ? 
  my country kills more isis members than turkey produces . 
  turks do not need to join isis while they can simply supply it through the border . 
   russia  estimated fighters per million people : 12  saudi arabia  estimated fighters per million people : 107 you say true and i say thankya . 
  so good that europe continues to send fighters to defend liberal secular society against the invasion of obscurant medieval fanatics . 
  it 's the obvious public call for the separation of ukraine .
