  reactive passenger liners are trend too . 
  because , look , technology speeds everything up , you can spend only 1.5 hours instead of 10 , how can it be bad ? 
  stupid airlines just do n't understand where all profits are . 
  well . 
  it takes time . 
  there are no e-ticket systems everywhere , there are no passengers that just walk past the driver without stopping , 15 seconds is minimal time a driver can spend to get money , give a ticket , count change and return it , and even with all these conditions ( only 15 seconds , only 1-2 passengers without tickets , e-ticket system established ) that sucks anyway , because , um , buses have two or three doors . 
  when there is a check taker , people use all instead of ` walking past the driver ' in a queue one-by-one . 
  there are about 50 % of state buses and 50 % of private buses ( usually minibuses ) . 
  the government controls routes but does n't have buses or employees , instead it makes contracts with private transport companies . 
  a driver must drive . 
  instead he controls passengers , sells them tickets and counts money . 
  stop timings rise from 0,5-1 min to 2-3min with 5-10 min at start of a route . 
  it 's ok if that is an intercity route ( and for them you can easily sell tickets at bus stations hours before the departing ) , but it is death for city buses . 
  it can easily double the prolongation of a trip , so you need to put twice times more buses on a route with additional drivers as well , what 's the profit ? 
  only spent time of passengers . 
  this and ` no tengo elefantes verdes aqui ' are two most important expressions i learned on duolingo . 
  catalonia is spain . 
  less efficient system ? 
  easy !, 
  a driver that sells and checks tickets . 
  how can you write about france if you do live in britain ? 
  * shchi . 
  i wonder , how poles live with these letters every day . 
  sschi , cabbage soup that i ate yesterday and buckwheat kasha with a pair of chicken cutlets for dinner today . 
  but ... 
  but it was jozin who ate prazhaky . 
  no time to drink vodka , comrade , you must feed the bear . 
  the winter is coming . 
  nope . 
  we have import substitution programs . 
  to 2018 russia will have have enough imageboards to fully cover all our needs . 
  they truing to demonstrate they are useful . 
  they find drug dealers ' sites and afraid of nothing . 
  communism is created by britain empire to secretly control other states while exploiting their resources . 
  relax . 
  mantle plumes will burn you much earlier than sun . 
  just punch them , no need to talk . 
  every drug enforcement organization in the world is a bunch of drug dealers . 
  russian one is n't the exception . 
  nope . 
  if we count from the first film , bond age is about 54 . 
  i think , it is very polonophobic to not afraid of poland . 
  `` even '' ? 
  poles are the most imperialistic creatures in europe . 
  as only poland 's position is improving , the pressure on an average pole downs , and he balloons like a deep-sea fish : `` lithuania , baltics , bydlo , the first republic , from sea to sea , the commonwealth , kurwa ! '' . 
  thank god , poland 's economics is n't ready to conquer the world yet . 
  that 's how westerners ' minds work now . 
  `` do you have any proofs he did killed this man , raped his corpse and shitted in his bowels ? '', 
  `` of course , he had nothing to do with it ! '', 
  `` convincing . 
  the guilty . '', 
  we need a more serious approach here . 
  google : hoi 3 map full res download free, 
  are there nudist beaches in aragon ? 
  if a country is multi-ethnic , with a leading role of one ethnicity , with population not spreaded equally on the whole territory , but living in historical regions , it is surely an empire . 
  despite of european leftists , i do n't put the negative sense in this term . 
  russia telling yanukovich what to sign and what to not sign , it is all understandable . 
  and later the tsar putin said to poroshenko and yatsenuk to not sign the same association . 
  putin is evil octopus with his tentacles everywhere . 
  abkhazia and osetia started to fight with georgians immediately after ussr collapse , i doubt there was much influence of us in georgia , and russia was clinically dead . 
  i think , people just poorly understand what georgia is . 
  they look at the map and see a small country with population of croatia . 
  but georgia is a mountain state , so there are maybe as much ethnicities as at balkans . 
  and georgia is a small empire with typical empire problems . 
  we all dream here about such success in ukrainian style , with coup d'etat , civil war , blackouts and default . 
  literally every russian dreams about how to dethrone putin , burn tires , build a catapult , jump because not ukrainian , burn cops , dig a moat , burn people , eat baby-shaped cakes . 
  what will putin say , when we all wil gather together to demand democracy , candies and lace panties ? 
  let 's say him openly & honestly directly to his face : putin is a dick . 
  i see it every time i sleep . 
  thank god . 
  sadly , but all condoms of russia are at kiev , it seems . 
  there is nothing good . 
  nationalism is an ordinary natural thing , and a nationalist is a sane adequate individual . 
  an internationalist is an ill animal , and it 's very sad a lot of people are brainwashed to the degree of full lack of control over their being . 
  the only problem of modern europeans is that they kill their fathers again and again , with laughable remorses and sentences `` but hitler did '' as their only excuse . 
  i suppose , his instructions contain something like this : * if the french ask you about swapping around their president and your chancellor , say you 're uncertain and propose to talk about it later . 
  * check out the specifications of swapping state leaders , chapter vi , paragraph b `` the president of france '' . 
  * inform the ministry of swapping according to the regulations of international relation regulations , chapter xvii , ( see appendix c ) . 
  * beguile frenches until the signal . 
  absolutely not common . 
  and even if there is something , it will be based on transliteration/transcription , not graphics of characters . 
  by their debts . 
  they are lucky , it was n't boantnzbckoe yaoctobepehne . 
  there will be no big wonder . 
  baltic states started to violate the rights of russian minority not yesterday but a long time ago . 
  it will be only a final accord in their politics . 
  they gave those soldiers a chance to return to their homeland . 
  well done , sweden !, 
  why would anyone want to build a supersonic jet while there is absolutely no passenger airships ? 
  i thought , bratislava looks like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlxonzr9iew ), 
  but why ? 
  is there a more beautiful country in the world ? 
  why is it ? 
  ` might makes right ' is the fundamental principle of human existence or there were no wars at all . 
  there are some rules of war , of course , among europeans , that make it more civilized and less bloody . 
  the institute of war prisoners , for example . 
  people can surrender and they have right to pretend for the guarantees of life and non-participating in the combat ( and freedom after the end of a war ) . 
  and people who take an action in an attempt to break the current order ( not important - new one , old , monarchic or republican ) , somehow say : ` we believe in our victory and we think we do the right thing according to the law we approve , we also know that our actions are against the laws of the power that holds the rule and if we will be lost , we will be judged as criminals by this power ' . 
  what 's there of ` the middle ages ' ? 
  it 's the contract .
