  do n't forget about child organs , please . 
  we must find a cynical american billionaire to buy it out and move to new york . 
  everyone at a court is a politician , even a jester . 
  why . 
  we like him . 
  a couple of days ago i heard him on tv saying `` russia does n't need to conquer everything ... but , eventually , everything '' . 
  and as they say , five minutes of laugh replace one glass of milk . 
  you do n't really know who zhirinovsky is . 
  no , it 's actually the best after original . 
  you can get sense and you do n't need to hear clowns thinking they are great actors . 
  he just fucked the dead pig head . 
  the pig head agreed , the pig head was legal age . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  still better than me , so ca n't judge him . 
  i still do n't understand , what is so bad about that . 
  there are really two possibilities . 
  either you are * too naive because we let it happen , or you are * smart enough to realize what happens , it 's just what you want . 
  how much closeted homosexuals are in your mind ? 
  thank god . 
  of course i need . 
  everyone needs . 
  if you do n't need a reason then you will end by drinking every day and finally turn into one of these pathetic destroyed people waiting their death . 
  i will drink for their health tomorrow . 
  who sees it as the emergency ? 
  i see it as a national holiday . 
  i think , i even will drink for that . 
  yes , but as there is more trade routes to the west from germany , than to the east , it is more rational to reroute all the industry to poland and leave germany as the polish port . 
  though it is even better to leave denmark as the polish port , it has much better position for porting . 
  both germany and netherlands are n't needed in the optimized world . 
  if there are still problems with the fact germany and netherlands are in different timezones , then it happens not enough . 
  we always were in the eternal winter . 
  a free man eats whenever he wants to eat . 
  so i see . 
  the decision is very simple . 
  germany stops trading with netherlands . 
  germany starts trading with poland . 
  you can move away from russia , russia can not move away from you . 
  i simply ca n't enjoy living in the world where good , evil , justice , god , soul are contradictory meanings that have no sense and the world itself is just a spark that slowly falls and will finally go dark , when burned , but you will never note it because you will be already lesser than atoms to this point , and what if this is also the world where we all fall onto the surface of a black hole but we will never know it , because time is slowing down and it will totally stop , when we 'll reach the event horizon , so we all be like flies in the piece of amber , forever . 
  though thoughts about successes of poland in last 25 years make this world a bit better . 
  thank you for this . 
  we are already in this one . 
  being overly afraid of [ anything ] and ostracizing people who are n't , however , is more important . 
  though you are still right , it 's a very useful skill that we all must improve . 
  i lack it . 
   i guess you are not a scientist . 
  we make hypothesis based on the information we have . 
  otherwise , no science would have been ever made . 
  well , then your specialist who read a lesson to you is not a scientist too , because he ( like all of us ) does n't have any info about external civilizations , but he already built a hypothesis about their self destruction because of nuclear power . 
   what the hell are you talking about ? 
  are you suggesting that the scientist who make predictions and warnings about the consecuences of nuclear war are `` the example of evil entering as an angel of light '' ? 
  i did n't say anything about scientists who make predictions and warnings about the consequences of nuclear war . 
  in this paragraph i meant german greens party . 
  and even about them i do not think someone of them is evil . 
  but their acts ... 
  probably . 
   we can make pretty good guesses based on our current understanding of the world . 
  even though you may not be able to determine the impact on the climate of a nuclear war that does not mean that the people who made them are bullshitting the way you could do . 
  also it does n't mean they do n't . 
   even though you do n't understand that of course , i do n't understand it . 
  i clearly demonstrated that i am a very stupid man in this discussion . 
   in any case , i 'm eager to hear your arguments against that , i 'm eager to hear your reasons to believe that population will remain civil when their families and their children are dying of hunger . 
  for example , my first argument against that would be that supposes about consequences of full-scale nuclear war must tend to be biased because of the problem of scale . 
  human mind is n't constructed that way to imagine big numbers and for it 10 , 100 and 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 will be somewhat alike . 
  when i learned in the school , they said that a meter is 1/40 ,000,000 of length of paris meridian . 
  and my first thought was `` so few ? 
  only 40,000 km ? 
  damn , what a small world ... by the way , why paris one ? '', 
  but of course it was n't right . 
  40,000 km is a very big distance . 
  people have troubles with realizing how big our planet is and how small is impact we can deliver to it . 
  in the case of nuclear blasts , for example , we know about two cities that were totally destroyed by it . 
  thousands died . 
  what impact it left ? 
  probably really big holes ? 
  humans breed faster , there are cities in those places and they are bigger than they were before . 
  probably , children there disease and die more often . 
  humankind does n't care . 
  or there is another country that had been destroying though not by nuclear weapons but by chemical ones for years , a lot of territory is poisoned , children are birthed with severe genetic diseases . 
  and nobody of those who visit it notice , though it 's a tourist country , and a few even know about it and realize the fact that there is such a country . 
  for some men it 's a life-changing event , and for humankind it 's like a mosquito bite . 
  knowing about this problem , i must always suppose that 's there 's exaggeration about consequences of things , which we do n't know yet in facts . 
  for civility of humans i can say , that this one we know perfectly . 
  anyone can read about how people do when their children starve by reading books about starvation in povolzhie of 1920s or , let 's say , bangladesh in wwii era . 
  though answer is not very pleasant for supporters of `` the society is absolutely stable , nothing can change it '' and for supporters of `` people are barbarians who only wait for a chance to fall into hell of carnage '' . 
  some people make atrocities . 
  some people remain people . 
   are you actually saying it is irrational to fear nuclear war ? 
  no , i do not think it is irrational to fear nuclear war . 
  it 's not irrational to fear anything , there is sense we feel fear . 
  though panicking is irrational almost always . 
  and not thinking rationally is always irrational . 
   the role of ideologic hegemony and its role in driving the public opinion towards a will that is actually opposite to its interests , like the embracing of capitalism by the working class i personally think that capitalism is ok for working class , at least it seems working class lives better in countries with capitalist economics . 
  i will be glad if someone will explain why he thinks it 's incorrect opinion ( though not bound to agree with this point if i think my thoughts are still better ) . 
   at one point he was talking about how the consensus about the possible reasons why we have n't found a galaxy flourishing with life and civilizations is that any civilization that reaches the point of harnessing nuclear power will eventually self-destruct . 
  it is not a natural phenomenon , though , nothing predetermined . 
  and also it 's possible that they self-destruct while trying to reach the energy of black holes . 
  and also it 's possible that they self-destruct because they use the technology of teleportation so much some unknown mysterious omnipresent race of unbelievable military power destroys them . 
  we do n't know . 
  i have n't seen self-destructed civilizations yet and i do n't know what are the reasons they self-destruct . 
  though i have seen a country where good white-teeth smiling men under ideas of `` greater good '' , `` ecology '' , `` love to nature '' , `` living in comparison with everything '' got so much popularity among people they were able to rise to power and totally ban one of the cleanest power sources we know on this stage of our science and moved the whole nation to using more unhealthier and damaging ones .
