  that 's how i can summarize my experience with taxists , maybe it will be helpful to someone : * if the airport you arrive in is in the city or its suburbs ( for example , mumbai airport , the airport of manila ) always leave the airport by feet . 
  as long as you cross the line that separates the area of the airport from the city territory , prices change drastically in a magic way . 
  * if you are in an airport like sheremetyevo in moscow it 's really a bad idea as you 'll not be able to even reach the border of its territory , and if you will , there will be a wasteland waiting for you ( klamath is three days to south-west ) . 
  so look at the navigation , probably there are ways to get into a city except taxi . 
  in moscow you can use a train system that will deliver you in a half-hour . 
  taxists will scream to you that they are ready to go for a price of tickets , what 's the point ? 
  the point is you 'll arive into a center , not a subway station on the edge of the world . 
  * if there 's no such an option check a taxi app in a country you arrive in . 
  uber as a global player will be okay usually , sometimes there can be local alternatives . 
  it is good to have one as a taxi called through an app will move with a fixed price for a kilometer , and one price for all the city , without these magic x5 areas . 
  * and if there 's no alternatives at all , an airport is cut off from the outside world by packs of hungry wolves , the only public transport is a rusty bus driven by a man whose blood was replaced by drugs years ago , never sit in a taxi whose counter is broken . 
  and always check if the counter is turned on . 
  if a driver can forget that he has a counter in his car he will forget . 
  you are the only one able to remind him about its existence . 
   students and young families from downtown students and young families living in downtown is how a 3 level player getting the legendary infernal greatsword of flaming punishment of death . 
  well , i am acting similarly after three months of no sex . 
  the best known and opus magnum is two different things . 
  the best known of petrarka is his sonnets , not `` africa '' . 
  the same about machiavelli . 
  he wrote a manual for tyrants and explained detally what to do with occupied provinces . 
  it 's either plundering it to the bone , moving a capital there or leaving it with its own customs and rules while only getting a toll . 
  that erasmus of rotterdam or some german king did n't like it does n't change that 's how it works . 
  and if you see history of monarchic/despotic states you 'll see that they did it exactly . 
  for example , the history of occupation of poland by russian empire in the early xix century is the struggle between assumed nicolai i ( keeping poland as autonomy with its own law ) and konstantin pavlovich ( making poland the center of russia ) . 
  which choice stalin preferred most we all know . 
  what i try to say there it 's that pumping money is one way to keep territory . 
  sucking money out works as well , and it was known since medieval ( since antiquity actually . 
  what rome did in greece to make it part of the empire is worse than what isis will be able to do ever ) . 
  machiavelli was an advocate of democracy , that 's why his opus magnum is about republics and their governance . 
   when countries occupy other nations it is practically mandatory to pump money/resources into the economy of newly acquared territories no , it 's not mandatory . 
  machiavelli said everything one needs to know about this topic . 
   wait , that 's polish ... russia invented pierogi . 
  it 's more like two identities . 
  the default one you use to interact with anyone and your ethnic one to interact with natives from your family , relatives , close friends etc. 
  i would n't say , the default identity is russian one . 
  close maybe , but slightly shifted into more ` tolerant ' side . 
  the soviet one would be a better description . 
  welcome to moscow . 
  it 's safer here . 
  since now i am a belgian nationalist . 
  though siberia does n't compete for being the least populated place in europe . 
  i honestly thought she is far after her sixty before i checked the wikipedia . 
   you are speaking like old fossils that are at least 50 years old . 
  said a totally not old fossil 48 year old . 
   at what year ? 
   this is a translation from the title in a single state language . 
  this is a translation of some invading forces temporarily occupying the city . 
  some guy : young teachers get salary of 10,000-15 ,000 roubles while law enforcement , i mean , officers of police get 50,000 roubles or higher . 
  dmitry medvedev : you know , they often ask me about this , about teachers , about educators . 
  it 's a mission . 
  and if you want to get money , there 's a lot of places where you can do it faster and better . 
  business for example . 
  you did n't go into business as i understand ? 
  some guy : no . 
  dmitry medvedev : you see . 
  the `` territory of sense '' forum , 2016 . 
  because electric infrasture does n't grow in one night by magic because you put money in it ? 
  because renewable energy prime cost is higher than of hydrocarbons while having a lot of technical issues ? 
  because nuclear power needs uranium-235 that is rarer and much harder to find than gas ? 
  and also it 's super centralized that does n't let to use it adequately for , for example , heating of houses ? 
   then amazon would not only cut ties with the delivery company , but also would suspend all affected accounts immediately . 
  amazon : we want to end a contract with u-parcel inc. , their workers steal shipments . 
  now we 'll work with poseidon deliveries . 
  buyer 1 : ok , when will i get my delivery ? 
  buyer 2 : youbastard ! 11 u-parcel workers have children , they need these money !, 
  i think you need to support u-parcel children ... 
  it 's very important for wealth distribution to support all delivery companies equally ... 
  though i still need this x-box . 
  buyer 2 : utraitor ! 11, 
  it 's okay . 
  there 's no law saying it 's necessary for everyone to light up landmarks in colors of a country where a terrorist attack happened whenever it happens . 
  it 's to each country to decide if it wants to honor fallen specially by lighting their most notable pieces of architecture . 
  in this case it was n't and i think rightly so . 
  after bataclan there were lights because it was something extraordinary : significant winning of terrorists in that they truly managed to spread terror over the whole city attacking randomly in multiple places , creating a feeling for millions of people that chaos is everywhere and all goes to hell . 
  it was truly a tragedy in that how much they achieved with this attack . 
  in this case - it 's just another episode of war against animals . 
  yes , innocent people died but excuse me , this is exactly why this war even goes - because somewhere in the east some beings decided they have right to murder , to dictate their conditions under the threat of senseless violent death . 
  we do n't deal with beasts and therefore beasts try to hit back and some innocents die because of their existence . 
  nothing to wonder . 
  so , lights are good in some sense . 
  but it 's not important . 
  to stop this we do n't need lights , we need lead . 
  i do n't know how in other countries , for russian language there is the [ samizdat ] ( http://samlib.ru ) site where authors put around 1,500,000 novels , short stories , verses , plays and others . 
  it seems they did it for free . 
  simulation of frenzied activity . 
   that there was a horde of spaniards deciding to move abroad being forcefully exiled . 
  today they are known as latino americans . 
   i 'm pretty shure most of them are constantly turned off because people are n't idiots ( like those who ordered to set up these ) , they understand to check everyone passing through subway with something metal is impossible . 
  it would be a total catastrophe if they really worked . 
  probably isis . 
  attackers can be chechen by nationality or whatever islamic ethnicity but acting like isis members , not chechens . 
  is it cyprus in the middle ? 
   chechens are a warrior nation and since their war against the mongolian hordes , all their timeline was about fighting wars against the invading parties . 
  the last time cheches fought against an actual european power was in 1914-1917 . 
  it just because `` war '' has different meaning in chechnya . 
  they call with this word raids , some guerilla operations , local struggles . 
  it 's not a war and when there will be a war , chechens will be not ready because they do n't know what is war and never experienced it . 
  chechens are hard and extremely cruel when all goes by their plan but as long as they find some real resistance they lose all the control and become soft as soap . 
  they are not warriors . 
   that will be start of a new war all over again it 's okay , because chechens are n't warriors and unable to any regular warfare .
