first of all , thank you for your respone . 
  i accept your opinion over mine about the first part , but i still disagree with the second and the third . 
   debauchery in real life is bad because it leads to poverty , pestilence , etc. 
  this is maybe a mere philosophical difference between us , but i think poverty and pestilence are the smallest problems with debauchery . 
   i 'm not religious so i do n't consider mortality a gift at all . 
  interesting , that many people thought i 'm religious because i think mortality is a gift ( maybe it was because of my bad phrasing ) , and death is essentially the main definer of our nature . 
  as far as i know , the abrahamic religions all consider mortality a very bad thing , the consequence of the original sin . 
  i could agree with you , that life `` being snatched from us at literally any moment '' is not a great thing for the individual , for example when somebody dies suddenly , or at a young age , etc. 
  however , most elderly people i met always said , when talking about immortality , that they 'd never want it . 
  we , young people ( i assume you are one too :p ) , have a very hard way to understand this kind of thinking , but after we ( hopefully ) lived our lives to the full , i hope we will have the chance to think back to this moment , and finally decide this question . 
  thank you for the two articles , apparently , i did n't do my homework properly . 
  about the second point , i did n't clearly catch this sentence , but i 'll definitely rewatch the episode sooner of later . 
  about the third point , yeah , i understood that . 
  i still think that the husband is the moral victor , because kelly simply refused to share the fate of her family . 
  however , if they really are able to unplug any time , this opinion of mine is demolished , too , since she just got a `` delay '' . 
  be classy and learn finnish to be able to enjoy its original beauty , like the professor did . 
  this resource is not what i 'd call reliable . 
  i do n't want to fight anyones views here , but the book linked above suggests theories not really accepted by anone in scientific circles ( such as connections between hungarians and celts ), 
  op , as you can see , the matter of origin is a very debated question among hungarians . 
  the scientifically possible theories are the finno ugric theory , and the turkic origin theory . 
  most scientists tend to accept the finno ugric one , however , before the communist era , the turkic was favored . 
  as i see it , the turkic theory enjoys a revival nowadays . 
  however , there are some very interesting , but false theories , for example the link u/hellhaven provided . 
  some people believe that hungarians are connected to egyptians , celts , jews , chinese , etc. 
  these theories have 0 scientific evidence . 
  op , if you are interested in the hungarian origin stories , i can only suggest what others did , the wikipedia pages . 
  they are unbiased ( mostly ) . 
  also i 'd recommend some of our fantastic legends ( legends about our origins , legends about the huns , legends about our kings , etc. 
  ) , but unfortunately , i do n't really know a good english source for them . 
  try to learn some basic hungarian , then i ( and i 'm sure many others , too ) can bombard you with endless reading material :p, 
  edit : thank you for being interested , op, 
  so you know that feel too . 
  i 'm a frequent traveller , and i 've been to many beautiful countries , but japan was something so unique , that i 'm not able to forget it . 
  i think about it every day , and i 'm sad and happy at the same time . 
  after i came back from japan two years ago , it was very hard to relocate to my ` previous ' life , after a longer stay . 
  i guess the bike had the owners name on it , but i do n't really know . 
  however , i was lucky enough to saw this irl . 
  i 'm very surprised to be the first to answer . 
  i generally think that some non-middle-earth works of the professor do n't get the appreciation they deserve . 
  also , do n't be surprised if you feel it would be good to read it aloud to someone else . 
  i do n't know how much you know about the history of this short story , but tolkien wrote it to his son , christopher , after he lost his toy in the seashore . 
  i particularly liked the parts on the moon , and the moondragon . 
  dragons in the works of the professor tend to have interesting characters . 
  also , i 'd recommend to read his other short stories , like farmer giles of ham , or smith of wooton manor , or leaf by niggle . 
  yeah , it was michael tolkien , he is boy two in the story . 
  i mixed up the children :p, 
  unfortunately , i 've never read thomas mann , and i 'm a bit ashamed . 
  however , i like german romanticism very much : goethe , heine , and especially hoffmann are among my favorites . 
  one day , i 'd like to read * faust * in german . 
  i guess it 'll be a difficult read , since i only read * die unendliche geschichte * from michael ende in german ( i enjoyed that very much , especially with the beautiful codex-like illustrations of the original version ) . 
  oh , it was fantastic , thank you , 
  i 'm a little bit ashamed , since i did n't even know sibelius ' works . 
  romantic music is the best , i aggree ( well , not only music , i like romantic art in general ) . 
  also , i looked up some of his other works about kalevala chapters , and it seems that he was heavily influenced by the nibelung circle from wagner . 
  i always viewed that chapters as paralells of the reader 's experience : we start out in the peaceful hobbiton , that is very much like our world . 
  after that , we wander to the `` perilous realm '' , and visit the old forest , which contains many elements of the fairy stories tolkien liked so much : nature-spirits , twisted trees , wights , barrows , etc. 
  this is like our journey , when we read fantasy , especially good fantasy : we get away from our world , can always go back to it , but it would n't be the same , as we , the readers wo n't be the same , after reading a book . 
  i do n't really know if tolkien meant that we should understand it like this , but i 've always found this paralell fascinating . 
  319 was the real shit, 
  amazon, 
  i like croatia , not only because of the beautiful seaside parts , but also because of the many historic buildings ( both medieval and ancient roman ) . 
  to be honest , i never ever thought about my feelings towards croats . 
  i guess i like them , because we visited many times , and people were nice , but that 's maybe true for other tourist areas , too . 
  i have good memories about the language skills of the croats : almost everyone , especially elderly people could speak english . 
  unfortunately , this situation is the opposite in hungary . 
  but i 've heard that some croats do n't really like hungary . 
  is that true ? 
  if yes , what is their reasoning ? 
  also , i 've heard about the mol issues , but my knowledge about the situation is not enough to form an opinion . 
  is this case well-known in croatia ? 
  i hope i was able to provide a good answer . 
  i ca n't provide an answer , since i 'm not an architect , but do i get it right ? 
  you want to build the hall of elrond ? 
  i can see , that you are a real gopnik ... but are you a real villain ? 
  so , the leaves were obviously dead , and i was advised to cut them down . 
  does the plant have any chance of surviving ? 
  what should i do ? 
  as he at one point in his life intended to rework the hobbit to a more serious , lotr-like epic , i think he 'd like the original idea behind pj 's hobbit trilogy . 
  however , not the rest of the trilogy , especially the bastardization of radagast , or the tauriel-kili romance . 
  yes , he did . 
  i also think the `` revised '' hobbit is the only not good ( i 'm not willing to say bad ) thing tolkien ever created . 
  i think it is ozymandias from horace smith . 
  it 's interesting that tolkien choose venus to be earendil . 
  in christian cosmology , lucifer is associated with the morning star ( = venus ) . 
  thank you sir , i completely forgot this . 
  sorry for my misleading comment . 
  people seem to enjoy the lotr humour as much as the hobbit . 
  so , another challenge for you : let 's write about the comedic value of the silmarillion !, 
  i seem to be a bit late from the party , but i always wanted to ask some journey to the west questions from a chinese . 
  how popular is it in china ? 
  do religious people view it as a religious work ? 
  which movie adaptation do you prefer ? 
  thank you for your answer . 
  i did n't even know about the adaptation you mentioned . 
  who was the director ? 
  i watched the stephen chow movies ( both the chinese odyssey and the journey to the west ) , and the beijing opera recordings . 
  and what was the significance of the whole elisif plotline ? 
  she was killed very quickly , along with her husband . 
  well , maybe they do n't want to . 
  most of those countries are democratic states , so if they want to legalise this , most of them can .
