  if they do n't want to , they have every right to do so . 
  we should n't judge . 
  sun wukong from * journey to the west * could transform to literally anything . 
  he had a very similar story to loki , when he was fleeing the host of the heavens , and transformed into various animals . 
  wrong sub . 
  try r/westworld, 
  * hungaria superioris * is written on this fine map . 
  also , slovakia did n't exist until a couple of hundreds of years later . 
  pressburg = pozsony was the capital of hungary at that time , with a higher percentage of hungarians than budapest . 
  am mojave wateland van f4-ben, 
  i do n't understand this . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i agree , i should 've written , that `` higher percentage of hungarian speakers '' . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i 'm hungarian , and i also support the usage of the `` magyar '' term when referring to nationality . 
  sound interesting . 
  i 'm european , and i 'm not well versed in native american history , but the tragic greatness/bravery of the original inhabitants of the americas always amazed me . 
  this also sounds like a sad , but grandiose tale , and the got paralell is spot on . 
  i see that a good answer was provided for the original question , so i 'm just trying to give an advice : do n't try to over-analyze any poem . 
  if you read poems , and feel , as you said , completely lost , maybe those poems are n't meant for you . 
  try to find what you enjoy !, 
  and because something is considered to have a high value in sense of style/quality , it does n't necessarily mean that you also have to enjoy it . 
  that being said , i really love william blake 's poems , and i hope you will enjoy them . 
  i think if you want to understand poetry/literature better , you should read about the era itself , rather than reading some analysis that could spoil the happy feeling of discovery . 
  azzal is, 
  well , maybe i 'm wrong , but i would n't call a finnish story scandinavian . 
  of course finland is in scandinavia , but finland 's culture does n't belong to the scandinavian culture . 
  tolkien especially notes in the book how he likes the kalevala because of it 's foreign , sort of non-european style . 
  i liked it very much , but i 'm a big kalevala fan anyway . 
  the book contains an unfinished retelling of the kalevala story about kullervo . 
  it 's extremely dark , and tolkien used this story as a basis for the story of t\u00farin and nienor . 
  there are also two lectures about the kalevala from the professor , they are quite enjoyable and interesting . 
  verlyn flieger 's editorial work is also worthy of respect , hats off to the lady . 
  i meant the not scandinavian part as a compliment . 
  finnish culture is one of the most unique cultures in europe . 
  i 'm hungarian , and i 'm proud to call you brothers , 
  as i mentioned in my other comment in this thread , i 'm a big fan of the kalevala . 
  our translation is very poetic , and has a magical resonance when read aloud , but i can only imagine how good it is in it 's original form . 
  i envy every finnish speaking person for being able to enjoy it in the `` true '' way . 
  also , to stay on-topic , i want to proceed by tolkien 's method : he wanted to learn finnish just to be able to read the original . 
  to tell you the truth , i think the english translation is horrible ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  the hungarian translation really captured me ( i read the first runo at the age of 11 , in our literature lesson ) , maybe it 's somewhat closer to the original , since the many common elements of the languages . 
  also , the kalevala metre was translated perfectly ( at least to my taste , but then again , i do n't really know the original , i 've only read studies about our translation ) . 
  thank you for the recited kalevala video . 
  i tried to do some online research about the kalevala many times , but the english resources seem to be lacking sometimes . 
  if you have any online resources that could be of use for me , could you pm them to me ? 
  i 'd be very grateful . 
  yes , i 've read many parts of kirby 's . 
  i 've also looked into others , but they did n't really sound very good to me in terms of phonetical beauty . 
  b\u0151sz\u00e9nfa was definitely in somogy , hungary ( and it 's the same today , too ) . 
  the village had a german majority in 1910 , and the huber name sounds german , so i think your ancestors were settled down in hungary around the 17th-18th century ( along with some of mine ) . 
  be proud of your ancestry : somogy is a very nice county , and is famous for it 's rich folklore ( especially folk songs ) and of course lake balaton . 
  yes , thanks for the correction . 
  heh , i remember reading a tale about the dome of tartu in a collection of estonian tales . 
  nice to see it was n't just made up or something . 
  slavic , turk , and the various finno-ugorian ones . 
  it also depends on your definition of lesser known . 
  i 'd consider scandinavian , greek , roman , and maybe japanese to be well known . 
  your question is a very debated one among hungarians . 
  our legends and folklore all contain the idea of the hunnic origin . 
  this idea evolved later into turanism ( which many people consider pseudo-scientific ) and the idea of the turkic relation ( which has more scientific basis ) . 
  until 1945 , a synthesis of the finno-ugorian and the turkic theory was `` officially '' accepted ( so for example , finns , huns , turks , estonians , etc. 
  were thought to be our relatives ) . 
  in the communist era , the finno-ugorian theory was the officially accepted one . 
  the situation today is very interesting , since most historians accept the finno-ugorian theory , but they also acknowledge , that a high percentage of old hungarian tribe names , village names clearly have a turkic origin . 
  from the seven tribes to come to hungary , four had turkic name , and the other three a finno-ugorian . 
  my personal opinion is that hungarians were a mixed people , from both turkic and finno-ugorian people . 
  as for the hun relation , it ca n't be ruled out completely , but it seems very unlikely , at least on a genetic level . 
  however , hungarian folklore has kept many hunnic traditions , and i think that regardless of our relations with them , we should try to keep alive these traditions . 
  thanks for being interested , and sorry if i made any grammatical mistakes . 
  edit : i 'm also very interested in the matter of hungarian ancestry , so i hope i was able to provide a good answer for op . 
  if i made any mistakes in terms of historical accuracy , i 'd be happy if somebody corrected me , since i also want to learn . 
  the legends of the sons of attila from transylvanian folklore is the best example . 
  most historians and folklorists claim that csaba could have been a real sz\u00e9kely leader , and the thing about him being the son of attila was added later . 
  also , the * csodaszarvas * ( wondrous stag in english maybe ) element was very common in almost every part of hungary . 
  i 'm from zala , and even here , we have a legend about the tree of attila ( it is located near k\u00e1mah\u00e1zapuszta in southern zala ) . 
  according to this legend , attila rested there after coming back from sacking aquileia . 
  r/showerb \u00e9kemenet, 
  hundreds of turkic and finno-ugorian tribes , also remnant states of the mongol empire . 
  russia commited many genocides among them . 
  j. r. r. tolkien has his own funny poem about apsidochelone , called the * fastitocalon * ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fastitocalon_ ( poem ) ) . 
  i know this is n't much of a contribution to the original topic , but i thought it 'd be interesting to some of you . 
  very very unique . 
  i 'd suggest to continue working on these . 
  * i 'd second the rap battle between finrod and sauron, 
  * also , the dwarven host singing in the nirnaeth arnoediad when they carry away the body of azagh\u00e2l, 
  agree with you about the similar feelings you get when reading . 
  tolkien was a pure genius in recreating the feel of a * true * mythology . 
  i 'd also recommend the ramayana ( another indian epic ) , and the chinese journey to the west , which is the most epic , badass book i 've ever encountered . 
  emeldir , mother of beren , wife of barahir . 
  in khanty-mansi folklore ( a finno-ugorian tribe in russia ) there is a legend that might interest you . 
  according to the story , there were originally seven ( or maybe nine ) suns , and somebody had to shoot them down , because the earth was too hot . 
  thank you for the detailed answer . 
  i was always confused by this topic . 
  the issue of normandy was a similar one for me . 
  i 'd definitely like to visit these forests one day , 
  thank you . 
  it 's not , but it will do finely . 
  the beer version of almdudler, 
  i 'm from hungary , and unfortunately our m\u00fcller shops do n't have them :(,
