  from google translate : what you just there for me nomuld\u0113ji , you little bitch ? 
  for your note , i finished a special task team to honor a student , and i have participated in numerous secret raids against the russian federation , and my bill is more than 300 dead urlas . 
  i am a trained gorilla fights and i 'm the best sniper in all latvian national armed forces . 
  thou shalt not nothing but another goal . 
  i will kill with precision what no one on this earth has ever seen , remember my words . 
  you think you are , via the internet , you can virin\u0101t his mouth in my direction and you 've got nothing for it not ? 
  think once more , iblis . 
  as long as we are talking here , i contacted the latvian secret spy web , and now your ip address is traced , as the get ready for the storm worm . 
  the storm that will wipe from the earth 's surface miserable you call for your life . 
  you 're dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , at any time and kill you seven different ways , using only their hands . 
  in addition to my extensive experience in close combat , i also have full access to the latvian state bro\u0146oto force arsenal , and i will use all possible ways to wipe your ass on the plight of the continent , you little bastard . 
  if you only knew what elliga refund your `` sage '' will bring you to comment , maybe you keep your mouth shut pisto . 
  but could you not , you did not know , and now you are about to pay for this , you damned idiot . 
  i drown you in their rage . 
  you 're dead , kid . 
   annexation by england you clearly know nothing of british history , the governments of both countries signed an act of union . 
  an annexation is when one country unilaterally declares another country to be part of their territory . 
  [ read about the acts of union 1707 if you still do n't know the difference ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1707 ) . 
   that 's what you get as long as you let your technocrats veto giving the european parliament more power . 
  i 'm in favour of leaving it altogether actually , i think it is hypocritical to influence the eu when a large percentage of the electorate want nothing to do with it . 
  the problem with a european federation is that the people of britain do n't want it . 
  it 's not xenophobic to dislike the idea of foreign nationals making your laws , and splitting hairs about the divisions of a nation state are n't actually making your point . 
  cornwall is a county , not a nation state . 
  it does n't have any of the functions of a nation state . 
  it can not make national laws , declare war or invent it 's own taxes . 
  are you suggesting a federal europe should be forced on britain against the will of the people ? 
  that the eu should outright annex us ? 
  because wars have been fought for less than that . 
  two thirds of europe do n't speak turkish and russian , just because english shares roots with other languages does n't make them the same . 
  most royal houses contain lots of nationalities , does n't make the queen any less british . 
  and i 'm not against ordinary intermingling at all , i 'm against direct rule by technocrats who 've never trod on british soil in their lives . 
  the people who live in the other nations of the uk are not foreigners . 
  we speak the same language and have a far closer history and culture than the other countries of europe . 
  russia is a single country , not a continent of 55 countries , some of which barely qualify as nations due to the lack of a functioning government . 
  the two are completely incomparable , russia transitioned from an absolute monarchy to a socialist dictatorship with relatively little time without a government , some african countries such as somalia have been in a state of anarchy with islamic law and rule by warlords for much longer . 
  even if africa got it 's collective shit together and a stable pan-african government magically came into existence overnight there 'd still be so much damage to repair , so many more problems to solve before they could even get close to having international clout . 
  actually i was on about [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iueafhywrsu ) but yeah , his trying to politicise every event will be his downfall i think . 
  i guess we 'll know in september . 
  1956 , fair enough . 
  1970 , says the country with $ 193,000 of national debt for every man , women and child . 
  1979 , i know thatcher is practically the anti-christ on this site but she was ballsy as fuck , took back the falklands when the government was considering stabbing them in the back and selling them to argentina and was the first ( and only ) women to be the prime minister in a country known for it 's conservatism . 
  she also was against consensus politics in favour of actually getting shit done . 
  i do n't agree with some of the things she did but we 've had far , far worse leaders who do n't get nearly the hate she does . 
  \\  africa \\  world power what the bloody hell are you on about ? 
  no offence but there 's no way a continent with a significant portion of it in an ungovernable state of anarchy , other parts under brutal dictatorships and no countries that are remotely as developed as a western nation could even come close to world power status this century . 
  and you 're wrong on the generational thing , i 'm part of the `` younger generation '' and i 'm as patriotic as they come . 
  i love europe because of it 's diversity in culture and * because * we are different , and a part of that is being proud of our own culture and heritage . 
  i do n't want to lose my nationality to be ruled by foreigners who have never lived in british society , our leaders are out of touch as it is . 
  imagine if somebody who 'd never set foot here made all our laws ? 
  it would be a mess , and an anti-democratic mess at that . 
  there 's no chance of britain becoming irrelevant when we have a relatively large economy , a huge cultural clout and are a nuclear weapons nation with an ocean going navy . 
  we would be fine going it alone if it came to that . 
  the referendum result will change that , i 'm betting about 55 % no 35 % yes . 
  if salmond tries to use the commonwealth games as a platform for separatism i think it will guarantee a vote against the separatists , he was booed last time he tried something like that . 
  1955-1975 , humiliated . 
  1812 , colonial . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , the polls suggest you are spot on . 
  because there is a real risk of becoming part of a federal europe if we stay , which is unacceptable to most people in britain , i know i 'd be voting out of a federal europe at first opportunity . 
  jidf shill detected ... 
  i meant self-righteous cybernat . 
  i will never be open minded to a cause that seeks to destroy my country , to do so would be tantamount to treason . 
  have fun knowing the referendum will finally put an end to salmond 's insanity . 
  you are downvoting me because you are a butthurt cybernat who 's just seen the polls , and your little braveheart fantasy is most likely going to fail . 
  just wait 'til salmond tries to make the commonwealth games a political thing , he 's going to see the popularity of the snp collapse overnight . 
  classy , downvoting people who disagree with you . 
  toxic as in unadulterated anglophobic hatred at least on par with the stupidity of nick griffin . 
  the problem with your socialism is that you 'll quickly run out of british money to fund it , and in the highly unlikely event the snp succeed in tearing apart one of the most successful european countries you wo n't see a single penny from the rest of the uk , even if bp let you within a mile of the oil it 'll quickly run out . 
  how will you fund a socialist utopia with no control over your currency , no british government to fund all of your nice `` free '' university places , prescriptions and other things you cybernats salivate over and no eu membership when spain gives you the finger because they see separatism for the disease it is ? 
  as opposed to being hung privately on a public square , because that would just be barbaric . 
   we want to leave we 'll see in september . 
  i get the feeling the majority wo n't buy into the snp 's toxic rhetoric . 
   the uk government and recent governments have simply brewed inequality and created divisions in society . 
  a division ? 
  you mean like an international border that salmond and his bunch of clowns want to draw between scotland and the rest of the uk ? 
  i 'd never trust anybody who 's primary ideology is one of division , drawing lines and setting up borders between people with a lot in common . 
  i sincerely hope his party fails to tear my country in two . 
  did france actually lose much reputation over selling exocet missiles to the argentinians who used them on british ships ? 
  i 'm sure most people would n't care after a few years had gone by . 
  i 'd love to see a commonwealth union with just the current commonwealth realms . 
  or perhaps a union with norway ? 
  over our dead body , they ca n't even speak english properly and they do n't understand cricket or football . 
  labour would be just as bad if not worse . 
  that 's the problem with fptp , we 're almost certainly guaranteed a tory or a labour majority and [ they 're not exactly far apart on the political compass ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/ukparties2010 ) . 
  great chunks of our roads seem to evaporate every winter , does that mean we 're about to have no government ? 
  yeah , i noticed the lack of border . 
  wonder what that 's all about ? 
  i do n't think people in britain take the european elections very seriously , the reason ukip won so many seats is because we want a stick to beat the three ( well , two after the lib dem 's dismal performance ) main parties with . 
  i think people vote for ukip because they 're not labour or the tories . 
  i briefly considered it myself because i would n't vote labour if they had a hacksaw to my balls but the conservatives wo n't keep their promise on a referendum and the lib dem ship has well and truly sunk . 
  they still have far too many nutters high up in the party and no coherent manifesto for my vote though . 
  a camp site a good ten-fifteen miles or so out of argentan in france . 
  only facility was a water tap , we had to dig a hole in which to shit . 
  lovely view though and the town was nice , if a bit of a hike in 37 celsius . 
  no light pollution either , really clear view of the stars . 
  invest in eastern poland before eastern poland invests in you . 
  to be fair , they 're against the very idea of the eu so it makes sense that they 'd try and milk as much money and generally throw a spanner in the works . 
  not saying i agree with it but there 's probably a bit more to it than them just bunking off . 
   are you a politician ? 
  i wish , i would n't have gone near metrication with a ten foot ( three metre ? ),
