  it would also be seen as an insult to the memory of the 255 british servicemen who died fighting the argentinian junta . 
  the only situation in which the falklands is no longer part of the uk would either be they vote for independence ( highly unlikely given the recent referendum ) or argentina occupies them again which is also unlikely since the islands are far better defended than they once were . 
  hardly worth discussing the first and the second is only worth discussing in the context of retaking them . 
  also the argentinian claim to sgssi is absolutely pathetic , an argentine company established a whaling base on the island that was legally british since 1843 . 
  that is their claim to the entire archipelago . 
  they refused multiple offers to settle the matter in international court , britain was happy to negotiate right up until they crossed the line . 
  how are the british claims on antarctica any more absurd than the australian , new zealand , french , norwegian or argentinian claims ? 
  the people of the islands have overwhelmingly voted to remain a british overseas territory , it 's hardly surprising they do n't want to become part of a country that 's previously invaded and imposed martial law on them , is far poorer and economically unreliable than the uk and above all does n't even speak the same language as them . 
  these people were there since before argentina even existed and as if claiming the falklands was n't laughable enough they also claim the uninhabited territories of south georgia which are over 500 miles from it 's coast , simply because they are a british territory . 
  putin pls leave . 
  they do n't though , not a single poll has suggested that scotland will leave the uk . 
  unlike russia our union will still stay together when we respect the right of self determination . 
  i doubt any breakaway state will want to give up it 's nuclear weapons in the same way ukraine did in case russia decides to `` liberate it from the fascists '' ... 
  i 'm sure the people of hong kong really appreciate being ruled by a bloodthirsty communist dictatorship instead of almost complete autonomy under the protection of a democratic country which largely respects human rights . 
  which poll has suggested scotland will leave ? 
  i certainly have n't seen one . 
  and it 's still unclear whether holding a referendum on europe would definitely lead to an exit . 
  i 'm not aware of any that do today . 
  in history it 's mostly been done in a negative way through suppressing abortion and contraception which is n't a great idea in my opinion , it 's pretty authoritarian and risks bringing lots of unwanted children into a life of suffering . 
  i have n't heard of it being done in a positive way such as providing large benefits for having children outside of nazi germany which is pretty unfortunate for people advocating it over immigration , although they used negative methods as well which obviously any modern european country would avoid . 
  encouraging birth rates * is * a better idea than encouraging immigration to counter demographic changes simply because the immigrants will age as well , leading to exactly the same situation down the road with the additional problems of cultural clashes and language barriers . 
  sadly i do n't think this is the reason / u/iamoforange said that though ... 
  we use a mix of imperial and metric , i prefer the old school system myself but each to their own . 
  not in an age where people do n't believe in the right of conquest . 
  the british empire existed in a time where might makes right was how often how diplomacy worked . 
  ww2 broke britain 's power , most of us have come to terms with the loss of the empire but even so we 're not a weak country . 
  we have our own nuclear weapons , an ocean going navy and an air force which is [ not to be fucked with ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falklands_war ) . 
  all in all for a country that spent most of the 20th century in decline we 're doing quite well . 
  ah , what 's the status of legalisation in california ? 
  i know two states have it now . 
  i personally hope they do n't stop with weed but carry on to all the drugs below alcohol on the harm/dependency scale . 
  the british empire at it 's height was the sole hyperpower in the world and directly controlled a quarter of the planet , i doubt your country can say the same . 
  me , i need beer !, 
  i 'm all for drug legalisation in general but weed just does n't appeal to me . 
  i guess , though are n't firing squads done from about 20 feet ? 
  dreadful article , i do n't think i learned a thing about what federalism is actually supposed to mean . 
  anyway , words mean what the general public decide they mean and in the uk at least the term `` federalism '' refers to the idea of the creation of a single european state in the place of the current nation states . 
  this article just stinks of fud . 
   do you know they have their own church some things never change , yesterday the church now the eu ... 
  where did he get those ideas from do you think ? 
  the barbaric version of islam that these people are trying to impose is a product of a war-torn region , how did it get here if not from people moving from places where jihad and extremism is the norm ? 
  it 's labour 's fault for telling people they can keep their violent and backwards values when they move here , we 've had people from all over the globe , muslims included emigrating here since the fifties and we did n't see anything like what we 're seeing now . 
  extremism alone is n't the problem , the problem is people still desperately clinging to the idea that all cultures , religions and opinions are equal . 
  anybody who claims that totalitarian theocracy , public stonings and systematic mistreatment of women is just as legitimate as democracy , liberty and egalitarianism is part of the problem . 
  \\  american \\  ca n't handle the banter he checks out guys !, 
   because they are n't immigrants but european citizens . 
  any further discussion is useless . 
  the concept is pretty meaningless in a country that feels more kinship with the anglosphere than europe . 
  many of us reject the concept of european citizenship and would be happy to give up our right of movement in the eu to prevent large scale immigration to the uk . 
  we have breweries that pre-date your country by nearly a century . 
  an ak-47 fires 40 rounds per minute in semi automatic mode ^ [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ak-47 ) so assuming stalin was a perfect shot and took three bullets to kill each person , they were all lined up perfectly and he wasted no time reloading , eating or sleeping he 'd take 75000000 minutes or 142.6 years to complete this feat . 
  according to a quick google search which has almost certainly put me on the mi6 watchlist the price of a single round of the type an ak-47 fires costs 23 american cents . 
  three billion rounds would cost us$ 230,000,000 which is # 134,320,296.70 or $ 134,320,296.70 . 
  a single round weighs 122 grains ( 7.9 grams ) so the full stockpile would weigh 17,428,571.4 pounds ( 7,905,470 kilograms ) which is quite a lot for one guy , especially stalin who was hardly in his prime . 
  he 'd release 1.56 x10 ^ 12 foot pounds ( 2.1 x10 ^ 12 joules ) of muzzle energy though . 
  america ca n't even use the imperial system correctly , their pints are a measly 16 ounces compared to our glorious 20 ounces . 
  though then again when you 're buying american beer you can hardly blame them . 
  good thing the media lobby is about as technically literate as my great grandmother , anything they impose will be completely unenforcible . 
  a media lobby who understood the internet would be a very scary thing . 
  multiculturalism is a fucking stupid idea , we 've absorbed immigrant cultures to the benefit of our society for centuries then along come labour and say `` nah , let 's be super progressive ^ tm and put each culture in little enclaves so instead of exchanging culture and ideas people of different cultures are isolated . 
  that totally wo n't breed racism or hatred right guise , guise ? '', 
  welcoming migrants is fine as long as they actually benefit britain which in a lot of cases they do . 
  but [ these ] ( http://moralcompassblog.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/behead-those-who-insult-islam.jpg ) are [ hardly ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/07/29/article-2020382-0d310e3000000578-763_468x289.jpg ) markers of immigration bringing [ stability ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/170130/article_7ac78f1103bc4cc5_1362218720_9j-4aaqsk.jpeg ) . 
  and european opinion * is * meaningless in internal british politics , just like how my opinion on french or german politics is irrelevant when it has nothing to do with british interests . 
  because the eu seems to be moving towards federalism which is unacceptable to the british electorate . 
  we voted for ukip to slow down the process of integration while we decide our future as a nation , you know this little thing called democracy ? 
  if anything the very existence of ukip proves democracy works , to quote farage himself they are the turkeys that vote for christmas . 
  as for the lib dems they are relevant because they are the only outwardly pro-europe party in the uk . 
  labour are being their usual spineless selves and the tories are euroskeptic on the surface but full steam ahead with handing powers over in reality . 
  i do n't doubt that they are , there 's no reason for europe to care about our internal politics apart from those that concern the eu and our trade with europe . 
  i believe the dictionary of / pol / lists the correct term as `` cultural enrichment '' you jidf swine !, 
  [ here , have the british contribution to fascism ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b9/flag_of_the_british_union_of_fascists.svg ) . 
  i always thought it looked like a [ steal your face ] ( http://www.thebear.org/gd.1n ) logo which is funny , i doubt your average fascist would enjoy a grateful dead concert very much . 
   majority of europeans what europeans outside of britain think is irrelevant to internal british politics . 
   uneducated xenophobic nonsense yeah , because the labour policy was so great and led to so much social stability . 
   tea party tosser what does an american political faction have to do with british politics ? 
  we 're about as fond of washington as we are of brussels . 
  [ obvious troll is obvious ] ( http://www.wwenews.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/obvious-troll-is-obvious.jpg ) . 
  where did i argue from personal preference ? 
  i could n't give a toss what people like , i 'm using the same logic that people use to justify banning the swastika , they are both a symbol of hatred and backward values . 
  how is the niquab not a symbol of systemic misogyny in islamic communities ? 
  it 's literally a statement saying `` women 's bodies are such a shameful thing we must hide them from public view '' . 
  people get arrested for displaying backwards and hateful views in the street , why do muslims get a free pass ? 
  this is the result of the utterly pants on head retarded policy of multiculturalism and calling everyone who disagrees with it racist . 
  it 's an absolute disgrace that children born here do n't speak english as a first language let alone a british school being allowed to preach the kind of hateful rubbish this kind of policy was supposed to stamp out in the first place . 
  british culture has absorbed the culture of immigrants since roman times , tolerance of newcomers and assimilation of new ideas is a good thing and something this country has done successfully for centuries . 
  multiculturalism is giving this process the finger and saying `` do n't bother working together , do n't bother tolerating other cultures , it 's better to isolate different cultures in enclaves that never mix and never integrate '' . 
  multiculturalism is an absolutely insane policy if you want a tolerant , stable society . 
   it is very disrespectful not just to the eu but to europe as a whole . 
  how ? 
  the eu is a distinct entity from europe . 
  i 'm a huge fan of europe but would leave the eu in an instant if it were up to me . 
  since you 're such a fan of freedom to wear what you wish in public imagine wearing a ski mask to a bank , or even better wearing nothing but a thong in front of a primary school and then imagine how people like your arguments about freedom of expression . 
  we 've repelled every single continental invasion for centuries , come at us bro !, 
   it 's why it 's on an ever-degrading downward slope for the least in society , people who have never been `` cosmopolitan '' and are being punished by those few who are for it . 
  i know farage is n't the most well liked character in this subreddit but i really think he has a point about further attempts to integrate europe ending in violence . 
  the demographics of this subreddit are really not representative of the attitudes in britain towards the eu . 
  outside of left leaning and pro-eu circles there is n't exactly a tide of love and comradeship with continental europe in britain and the harder the eu moves towards integration the harder they 'll push an already alienated britain towards euroskepticism and nationalism . 
  what ? 
  the ottoman empire was already in a terminal decline before ww1 , it would have fallen anyway .
