  yeah , i think ever since sjws started turning up on reddit occasionally people have been seeing imaginary `` lefties '' and `` cultural marxists '' everywhere . 
  there 's definitely circle-jerks of both wings in there . 
  it 's pretty much an ideological food fight , the standard of debate is appalling compared to this sub . 
  [ this guy from / r/unitedkingdom makes an excellent point about this issue ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/26woa3/illegal_immigration_to_europe_shows_sharp_rise/chv80id ) . 
  some of it 's replies are why i strongly prefer this sub though , / r/uk is a bit of a craphole . 
  i guess it depends who you 're talking too , if it 's someone from britain or a place that 's culturally close like australia then i 'd definitely say oxfordshire but talking to most foreigners they wo n't have a clue where that is so it 's easier to say british . 
  what a knob . 
  what a bunch of cunts . 
  islam has some pretty nasty doctrines but then again so does christianity and it 's still the majority religion in europe . 
  i suspect the majority of muslims are the same as us when it comes to isis , i just wish they 'd be a bit more active in condemning them . 
  isis are one of the most bigoted groups in history , they 'll never listen to any of us infidels but maybe the words of other muslims would carry more weight . 
  europe is n't afraid of these fucknuts , if it was n't for the crimes against humanity the is are committing i 'd find their rhetoric hilarious . 
   it wo n't leave as long as the filthy commoners are n't allowed a say ftfy, 
  british , english then oxfordshire . 
  i would n't identify as european as i do n't think it 's very specific . 
  honest question , what 's the point in those enclaves ? 
  both countries are in in the schengen area , why not just re-draw the border so it 's neater ? 
  ouch . 
  that hurts to look at . 
  not in oxfordshire , in abingdon tesco will find a shop selling food , buy up an empty shop or in one case a pub near it then drive them out of business with a tesco express . 
  a town the size of abingdon does not need * four * tesco expresses !, 
  damn , those enclaves in the north really do n't need to exist and splitting up berlin like that is a crime against good taste . 
  the soviets were the undisputed masters of terrible european borders , just look at kaliningrad !, 
  one of the neighbouring states should annex it while putin is n't looking . 
  ah , i see the problem . 
  apparently we 're not allowed to make our own agreements with them because of our eu membership but i 'd have to double check before i claimed that . 
  i know all commonwealth citizens can vote in general elections here though . 
  i suppose the falklands at least would want to join a federal eu if the uk chose too because the alternative would be a swift invasion by argentina . 
  no sane person would suggest the unification of the entire commonwealth , closer ties between the commonwealth realms like the ones you mention would be a very good thing in my opinion though . 
  a free trade or even a free movement zone between australia , new zealand , canada , the uk and ireland ( since such an arrangement with the uk already exists there ) could be an alternative to the eu if we do eventually leave . 
  we seem to keep our 9,789 mile long network free of bombs just fine . 
  they 're not commonwealth realms , they 're independent republics who are part of the commonwealth organisation . 
  the commonwealth realms are something else altogether , they 're the former settler colonies which retain the queen as their head of state . 
  australia , canada and new zealand are the most important ones . 
  why 'd the security have to be like airports ? 
  a great selling point of the railway could be you do n't get probed and fondled for having the nerve to go on holiday . 
  and the british people , it would be very convenient for everyone involved . 
  their previous comments on an unrelated topic are irrelevant to the subject at hand , do you even rhetoric ? 
  are the british overseas territories part of the eu as well ? 
  we have the falklands , a nice chunk of the caribbean and lots of penguins . 
  [ you think that is border gore ? 
  ] ( http://www.mooseman.de/pics/maps/map_ireland_prov_ulster_vs_.gif ) my country has a habit of drawing really ugly borders . 
  i tried to learn to read cyrillic once because it 's such a cool looking alphabet but the `` looks the same as latin but refers to a different sound '' characters are really annoying . 
  the commonwealth would become a bit of a pointless organisation if the uk ceased to exist as a country , it 's supposed to be an organisation to promote unity between the former british empire . 
  i think we have more in common with the english-speaking commonwealth realms than we do with europe , for example australia feels far less foreign than france to me . 
  i do n't dispute we have much in common with many european peoples but that 's not really an argument in favour of a federal europe . 
  just because we share history and culture with europe does n't automatically imply sharing a state would be a good idea . 
  i 'd rather my vote was worth 1/60 million than 1/0 .5 billion , smaller governments mean voters have more power to affect change locally and while i love europe i see no need for my vote to affect france , germany or any other country i 'm not a resident of . 
  i disagree it will resemble the usa , i think the power would be very much in the hands of brussels . 
  the current trend is towards a stronger , more centralised europe and weaker national governments , where 's the guarantee this wo n't continue under a federal regime ? 
  i ca n't see any situation in which federalism is in the interests of the countries rather than a power-grab by brussels outside of an actual invasion of europe which is pretty unlikely . 
  bouvet island ? 
  that 's norwegian is n't it ? 
  could you possibly type in a more obnoxious manner ? 
   i mean assume juncker would become my president , he is used to representing a country the size of manchester , not 1/2 a billion people exactly , your vote is worth more when it 's 1/60 million rather than 1/half a billion . 
  the average guy does n't give a toss about grand european projects or what 's happening in france or bulgaria or wherever , a federal europe would dilute the power of a vote to change things locally . 
  we need a tunnel linking great britain with ireland , it 'd make it look much neater . 
  getting snowboard boots in norway was a strange experience , european shoe sizes are weird !, 
  i 'm glad we still use stone for people , 12 stone 7 lb sounds way better than 80 kg . 
  i guess having a nation that gets outraged at the slightest semblance of change has it 's advantages sometimes , they scrapped the plans to change over in the uk . 
  do you still use stone/pounds and feet/inches in ireland ? 
  so do australia , three weeks there and i still ca n't get my head around kilometres . 
  i 'm now quite good at dividing by 1.6 though . 
  exactly , the whole point of terrorism is n't to destroy buildings or kill to civilians , it 's to inspire fear in a target population . 
  those things are just means to the end and the way to fight it is to not fear jihadists , to laugh at them and say `` we 're not scared of you and your tin-pot caliphate '' . 
  this shit 's been happening for centuries , no country acts for any reason but it 's own self interest . 
  israel is n't currently considered an enemy , i 'm not sure how treason law works when you 're not at war with the country in question . 
  only so much stuff you can make up about ukraine and the baltics though , a good shill has to be subtle and has to look like a normal redditor . 
  all the kremlin shills are obvious here because their entire user page is bashing ukraine , europe and america while painting russia as the victim . 
  if they knew their shit they 'd have 70 % of the posts on / r/askreddit and other popular subs and the rest on the subreddits of the country they 're claiming to be from . 
  then they 'd make a few pro-russian posts but not make it the biggest political issue they talk about . 
  they 'd also know what grammar nazis we all are on this site so their english would be better . 
  it would n't be funny , just ironic . 
  civilian deaths on any side of a conflict should be avoided as much as possible . 
  / r/shitrussiasays ? 
  south georgia is an insanely beautiful place , i really want to go there one day . 
  you ca n't visit the ruins because of asbestos though and it 's an offence to bring any new species onto the island including bacteria . 
  i was asking specifically about the uk . 
  no shit the people in the region are denouncing the violence , the idiots preaching extremism in the uk would be too if they actually had to live in their tin-pot caliphate . 
  also nice job ignoring my point about criticising islam ! = criticising muslims . 
  whatever boosts your super progressive ^ tm credentials . 
  so you 're totally cool with crucifixion as a legitimate military tactic then ? 
  is cutting off people 's hands and feet totally acceptable as long as it 's not those nasty white people doing it ? 
  no context or interpretation can justify this vile nonsense . 
  a poor effort , obvious fud is obvious . 
  the kremlin ought to pay karmanaut for this , that 'd be funny . 
  damn , that 's 50 pence per post . 
  i 'd need to make 12 posts an hour for minimum wage , putin needs to pay his shills better . 
  putin pls leave . 
  the eu must really have nothing better to do if it spends it 's time shilling on reddit . 
  it 's just shills shilling shills in here . 
   quran ( 5:33 ) - `` the punishment of those who wage war against allah and his messenger and strive to make mischief in the land is only this , that they should be murdered or crucified or their hands and their feet should be cut off on opposite sides or they should be imprisoned ; this shall be as a disgrace for them in this world , and in the hereafter they shall have a grievous chastisement '' how is my comment in any way racist or non-factual ? 
  the koran * does * incite violence , perhaps you need to learn about the religion you 're defending unless you ca n't stomach it . 
  multiculturalism is an awful policy when one of the cultures involved is based on religious imperialism . 
  criticising a group that tortures , rapes and murders adults and children alike , displaces people from their homes and is a massive genocide enthusiast is not racist , you dense fuck . 
  i 'd be all for these idiots moving to their tin-pot caliphate if we were allowed to revoke their citizenship and bar them from ever returning to the uk . 
  as it stands they have the `` human right '' to return to this country with military training and continue to spread their infestation here . 
  could n't we just remove them to a british overseas territory so it 's not really a deportation ? 
  we could dump them all on [ inaccessible island ] ( https://maps.google.co.uk/maps/ms?msa=0&amp;msid=211399422063598999199.0004f97627efacfe72ecb&amp;ie=utf8&amp;ll=-37.304696,-12.679043&amp;spn=0.001212,0.002642&amp;t=h&amp;z=19&amp;vpsrc=1&amp;iwloc=0004f97627f11bc2c532d ) so the only bile they can preach is to the seagulls . 
  just because historical islamic states did not follow the koran to the letter does not make the doctrine any less disgusting .
