  cry yourself a river , build a bridge and * get over it * . 
  are you just dense or is alex salmond paying you ten pence a post ? 
  me too , what would this sub be if it were n't for international banter ? 
  okay , you got me . 
  i was on my phone and lost track of the username . 
   realises he 's being a bit of a berk  goes full denial and changes flair, 
   calls me butthurt  complains about events that happened 800 years ago, 
   ukraine  irish wut . 
  yeah , for the express purpose of defending the uk , not scotland specifically . 
  the negotiations will be messy if their position is that we should sacrifice military capacity so the country that 's currently giving us the finger can defend itself . 
  surely salmond factored this into his plan for independence ? 
  it 's a terrible shame really , i do n't see the point in pissing away billions of pounds over this . 
  if the scots really want to leave i think they should bear the entire burden of their choice , we take all the debt but they do n't get a currency union , any military hardware or any special treatment under british law . 
  they should also pay the cost of moving the nuclear base since they 're the ones who want to be rid of it , if they 're going to give us the finger they should n't expect any sympathy when the negotiations start . 
  people in england will probably be a bit sad to see scotland go but by the time it comes down to negotiations it might get unpleasant . 
  there 's no appetite in england to pay the cost of separation , share the pound or generally support scotland at all if it decides to go it alone . 
  a lot of proposals for the new union flag are absolute shite , i reckon we need the welsh dragon in there somewhere . 
  do we really need a dozen articles posted about this ? 
  all the articles say pretty much the same thing . 
  not all young people , i personally feel far more english than european and almost everyone i know is the same . 
  we have a lot in common with the continent but i do n't think that 's justification for having a political union , i 'd rather my vote was worth 1/60 ,000,000 than 1/500 ,000,000 . 
  i doubt it , there 's about as much will to join the eurozone as there is to make nick clegg supreme overlord of britain . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  yeah , if you sort by time . 
  sort by votes and you may as well be reading comments on the guardian . 
  there 's / r/england but that 's pretty inactive . 
  we tried that in india , it failed miserably . 
  it will be interesting to see if a unionist party emerges post-independence and how well it will do . 
  the referendum is so close no matter who wins there 's going to be a lot of pissed off scots . 
  if australia hates our guts so much why does it retain the union flag as part of its own ? 
  computers and html are british inventions , typical american superiority complex . 
  have `` yes '' topped the polls even once ? 
  i read somewhere it 's apparently cheaper to buy all the diesel it will ever need than use a nuclear reactor . 
  cheers for the gold , whoever that was . 
  [ poor effort , see me after class ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/687/455/4e5.jpg ) . 
  [ obvious bait is obvious ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/583/040/cff.png ) . 
  yeah , i remember that guy and his `` islamic zone stickers '' . 
  [ i find it ironic there 's a beer that describes him perfectly ] ( http://www.beersofeurope.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/pimages/skinnersgingertosser.jpg ) . 
  i hope we get a referendum as well , i doubt our economy will tank though . 
  it would n't make sense for the eu to deliberately make trade difficult with the uk if it leaves and even if it did we have good relations with many other countries , one idea is to form a free trade area with the commonwealth realms . 
  if the bar was any lower they 'd hit their fucking heads on it . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point in that ? 
  i think if it were put to a referendum we would as you say piss off . 
  we do n't really have a choice in the matter at the moment , i think a referendum would be good for both sides because if it passed we 'd be able to repatriate powers from brussels and if it did n't the eu would gain a lot more legitimacy among the british people . 
  many people in the uk do n't see the eu as legitimate because the last time we were asked about it there was n't nearly as much political integration . 
  a referendum in favour of remaining in europe would put that to rest . 
  i normally have a lot of respect for the british way of policing but this is just pathetic . 
  sounds a lot like they 're trying to cover for having a complete lack of balls , if children are being abused then the people responsible need to face swift justice regardless of their ethnicity . 
  `` german empire '' normally refers to the country formed after german unification in 1871 rather than hitlers third reich . 
  it 's a lonely existence being a euroskeptic here but it 's far more civilised that / r/unitedkingdom about the issue . 
  this is what third degree tumblr exposure looks like . 
  know the signs so that you can prevent this tragic condition from affecting your friends and family . 
  christianity has all kinds of nasty things about stoning homosexuals , killing adulterers and the idea of hell but it can still be a positive influence . 
  islamic scholars were responsible for the discovery of algebra and carried on with science while we busy having our dark age in europe . 
  we can reject the koran and mohammed and all that but it would be unfair to brand the entire culture backwards when it achieved an awful lot in history . 
  obviously i think the political manifestation of islam is absolutely horrific and we should work to depose isis and those like them and we should never be afraid to criticise a culture or religion but we should make sure we 're not playing into their hands . 
  gibraltar already is and i suppose the falklands might join if it shut the argentinians up . 
  our international trade is done in metric , we only use the imperial system for internal things that do n't concern other countries like roads and pubs . 
  because it would be hypocritical of me to condemn all of islam when i defend christianity as a whole since there 's some nasty stuff in the bible as well as the koran . 
  i also learned that certain middle eastern countries spend serious money on international missions to promote a perverted , violent form of islam which apparently can be found in certain british mosques . 
  i do n't think it 's a very nice religion but if we 're going to oppose jihadism i think we need to be very specific about where this doctrine comes from and it 'd be intellectually dishonest to just say `` islam in general '' and be done with it . 
  i thought that as well for a while but islam is as varied as christianity . 
  it 's wahhabism/reactionary islam that 's dangerous , not islam in general . 
  do n't give up your day job . 
  they have the right to run their mouths as much as they like , as soon as they 're a real threat i have no doubt they 'll be put away for a long time . 
  who in there right minds would live in detroit over london ? 
  i know some parts of london are a bit shit but at least there 's still a fairly slim chance of getting murdered . 
  energy efficient bulbs look horrible and give off a really nasty light . 
  old style all the way . 
  the parliament itself is the fundamental law in the uk , and it does not support the right for traitors who go to fight for an enemy power to retain their citizenship . 
  politically inconvenient ? 
  these people are on the same level of evil as the third reich and they wo n't be removed by pussyfooting around like some people on this sub seem to be suggesting we do . 
  the only human rights they deserve are public trial and a lifetime alone in 6 by 8 foot concrete room . 
  i 'm not joking , if we ca n't send them out of the country then we should at least remove them from our society as far as we legally can . 
  it 's not a case of `` i do n't like their opinions '' it 's a case of these people are party to crimes against humanity and have no business being around innocent people . 
  wow , way to invoke godwin 's law on your first attempt . 
  nice one . 
  britain still owns some overseas territories , most of them uninhabited islands in the middle of the atlantic . 
  we should build a jail on one of them and leave them there for life so only the seagulls and dolphins can hear their hateful bile . 
  this is why the british government wanted to replace the echr with our own human rights act which allowed us to do that . 
  i think it would be fair to compare * isis * to the nazis , not all of islam though . 
  i 'm not on about the conspiracy theory or any of that crap , the ideas in the social justice movement literally come from neo-marxist thought . 
  that 's not trying to be scary , that 's stating a fact . 
  sjws are a pretty well defined group , they are people who believe in applying post-modernist and [ neo-marxist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_marxism ) principles to modern society . 
  the origin of their ideas is quite interesting even though the average tumblr activist has no idea where their doctrine comes from . 
  and the right-wingers on / r/unitedkingdom are very much a loud minority , if we did a survey i bet you 'd find the average political compass would be around ( -2 , -3 ) . 
  i do n't think it is reasonable to compare a modern european democracy with benevolent intentions with a 19 ^ th century king determined to exploit . 
  on one hand i think vandalising historical monuments is a bit of a shitty thing to do but on the other hand the work of those particular vandals is really funny . 
  not sure why russia 's being so butthurt when putin himself said that anybody who wants the soviet union to return has no brain . 
  i 'm hardly qualified to make a detailed plan for improving african countries but i think a good start would be bringing infrastructure up to modern standards , investing in african businesses and ending human rights abuses . 
  when `` their way '' includes torture , genocide , rape and religious imperialism i have a major problem with it . 
  and for the record nobody is on about sanctions against all muslims , just people associated with isis . 
  i ca n't see the church of england trying raise an army for a crusade myself . 
  i agree , i think anybody who 's proven to be associated with isis should be denied entry or deported to the caliphate . 
  the europe of today is not the same europe that existed during the age of imperialism . 
  we would n't be intervening to subjugate those countries but to bring them into the 21st century . 
  it does n't sit well with me that we * do n't * fix places that abuse human rights and behave like it 's the dark ages when we have the means to stop it , and allowing limitless poverty stricken immigrants into western countries is unsustainable and like the poster i linked to said a moral hazard . 
  that 's exactly his point , we should n't have those services . 
  we should be out in africa making the places these people come from less of a hellhole so there 's no need to emigrate .
