  pole if i were in charge . 
  i just think there 's no point in changing something just because other countries do it a different way when there 's no public will or desperate need to . 
  we could do something that 'd annoy most people and have no real benefit other than making life easier for foreigners and tourists or invest the money in something that actually improves the lives of people . 
  the whole point of democracy is to give the public a voice and the public does n't really give a toss about using kilometres . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metrication_in_the_united_kingdom#2013_public_survey_of_understanding_and_use ) . 
  bollocks , knew arguing about language on reddit was a stupid idea . 
  i suppose a semicolon would be more appropriate but they always look so pretentious when you 're not writing formally . 
  just because america gets it wrong does n't make the whole system worthless , they do n't use english properly either and it 's still the global language . 
  and we get more beer for our money using pints . 
  we do use both , i 'm mostly imperial , some of my friends are mostly metric but everybody gets by on both . 
  we 're nowhere near as bad as america , if it 's easier in metric we 'll use it but where there 's no need to change we do n't usually bother . 
  estimating people 's height is far easier in feet/inches and there 's no real disadvantage of using miles for long distances . 
  pretty much the only thing where you do n't get a choice is on the roads and in pubs ( and if they tried to switch pints for the smaller half-litre there 'd be riots on the streets ) . 
  it 's more the fact crossings in paris are strictly for decoration only and people get away with jumping the lights in a way that 'd get you pulled over quicker than you can say `` merde '' here . 
  norwegian roads are terrifying in winter for people who 's idea of snow is 3-4 inches rather than `` holy shit my knees are sinking into it '' . 
  if you think we 're mental try visiting france sometime , specifically paris . 
  as a pedestrian . 
  if you go off the main roads and into some towns and villages the roads are minefields of potholes and poorly placed speedbumps . 
  i have to take some 30 mph roads at 20 , it 's rubbish . 
  they just spray round them in florescent paint or leave a couple of cones nearby . 
  it 's not broken so we do n't want to pay to `` fix '' it . 
  most people i know ( me included ) ca n't visualise kilometres at all so even if we paid millions of pounds to change over it 'd be a royal pain the arse to get used to and there 'd be more car accidents until everyone got used to it . 
  waste of money for a change that 'll just piss people off when that money could be spent on something useful like hospitals and schools . 
  can confirm , our speed limit on motorways is 70mph which is about 110 km/h . 
  this will totally give ammo to ukip , i can just imagine the posters saying how anybody in the world can pour over the borders into europe and therefore britain . 
  chonchita wurst that art in eurovision , accepted be your performance thy points come , thy trolling of russia be done on / r/europe as it is in austria, 
  [ cameron already stopped promoting multiculturalism ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12371994 ) . 
  it 's not necessarily xenophobic to think multiculturalism as a state policy is a bad idea . 
  it depends , if federalisation becomes a serious idea i think britain will leave ( i for one would definitely want out of a federal europe and almost everyone i 've talked to agrees ) . 
  if things carry on as they are i think there 's no reason to assume it will go wrong . 
  i can imagine the eu becoming stronger as a result of russia moving westwards and perhaps ukraine ( or what 's left of it ) being fast tracked into membership . 
  [ actually it could have happened in the 20 ^ th century ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union#suez_crisis_.281956.29 ) . 
  would n't have minded too much , french food is excellent and the language sounds really nice ^ please ^ do n't ^ ^ revoke ^ ^ my ^ ^ british ^ ^ ^ passport ^ ^ ^ ^ ... 
  would / r/europe stop spamming this bollocks all over the place ? 
  if you want to criticise farage then criticise farage the politician not farage the schoolboy . 
  i bet you held embarrassing views as a schoolboy too , it 's called being a teenager . 
  there 's plenty of things to criticise ukip about without having to dig around in people 's school histories like a daily mail journalist . 
  looks like a [ steal your face ] ( http://rockandrollnerd.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/stealie.jpg ) logo , it 's funny because i ca n't imagine fascists having a great time at a grateful dead show . 
  most of / pol / are n't serious though , they 're mostly taking the piss with a loud minority of actual fascists . 
  or at least that 's what it was like when i used to browse it . 
  that would be good , i 'm normally very open to debate but the bnp are a bunch of genuinely nasty people . 
  i know ukip is n't the most popular party around here but you have to give them credit for jamming a good few nails into their coffin . 
  at least farage has the common sense to try and control the racist element of his party , the bnp are * only * racists . 
  i thought the bnp kind of died after ukip became mainstream ? 
  i bet the genuine fascists , racists and other unpleasant types will go back to the bnp as farage realises blatant racism does n't win many votes . 
  he 's already started kicking them out of the party when they make an embarrassment of themselves . 
  the road approaching my house is a 40 mph limit and i have to take it at 20 half the way because of all the potholes . 
  it 's utter bollocks , all they do is spray some paint around them and call it a job well done . 
  i went snowboarding in kvitfjell a while back , it was an interesting drive to say the least . 
  nothing like a precipice right by the road the road to keep you on your toes i guess . 
  i could tell we were pissing off everyone else because we barely got above 15 mph ( about 25 kph i think ) on some of it , norwegian drivers have balls of steel . 
  norwegian roads seem better maintained than a lot of british ones , it 's just yours are terrifying to drive on for someone who 's both used to the left and not having a foot and a half of snow between wheels and tarmac . 
  i live within ten miles of a coal-fired power station and have been exposed to [ a hundred times more radiation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radioactive_waste#coal ) than if it were a nuclear plant due to coal being faintly radioactive . 
  nuclear power is far safer than a lot of people believe and i think wind farms are really ugly and completely ruin the otherwise beautiful countryside . 
  not to mention the fact they 're noisy and kill birds . 
  it 's not a popular opinion here but i 'd rather have more nuclear power plants than plaster every square inch of the countryside with wind turbines . 
  those things are ugly and inefficient compared to the alternatives . 
  to be fair a second titanic would be pretty cool . 
  he 's not the only one , i think cameron might win simply because he 's not miliband . 
  does that mean ireland should annex liverpool then ? 
  i 'm sure nobody would complain if the russian minority had * peacefully * decided to secede from latvia but that 's hardly an option now with putin trying to expand his borders . 
  nice dismissing of thousands of years of philosophical enquiry there , clearly you have no idea about what you 're criticising when you reduce all theism to `` invisible-force-worshipping '' . 
  most of the commonwealth does n't have the queen as the head of state , it 's mostly the english speaking ones that do . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the one thing that would guarantee a vast majority of the british people wanting out . 
  there 's no public will to give up our statehood . 
   social justice state excellent , can we send all of tumblr there ? 
  then where did the ancient egyptians come from then ? 
  their art makes them look a lot more like north africans than europeans . 
  [ see for yourself . 
  ] ( http://www.ancient-egypt-book.com/images/art1.jpg ), 
  egypt is in africa , therefore it is african , it 's not hard . 
  there 's lots of races in africa but the collective term for them is african , just like a group of people from england , france , norway and greece are collectively european . 
  and what 's obama got to do with anything ? 
  i do n't like him much either but i 've never been called racist for expressing that . 
  they 're a bit shit at it though . 
  even russian shills get called out regularly . 
  have you actually been to britain outside of london ? 
  you can be patriotic without being a massive twat about it . 
  and ancient egypt , one of the first great civilisations was in africa . 
  the reason parts of africa are so shit is a bit more complicated than `` hurr durr black people '' . 
  i do n't want millions of immigrants pouring over the borders but that 's because we ca n't afford to support it in terms of housing and other resources , not because i spent a few hours on stormfront and think i 'm an expert in european-african relations . 
  you spelled slough wrong . 
  i disagree with the idea of encouraging immigration but you 're damaging the arguments of everyone who 's against it when you talk like a stormfronter . 
   with our demographic situation we are going to need a lot of immigrants . 
  encouraging immigration to fix demographic problems is like giving aspirin to someone with liver failure . 
  a few decades down the road the immigrants will be old and dependant too , and you also introduce new problems with this approach as well . 
  we updated our system and standardised it , since they were no longer part of the empire they stuck with the old one . 
  we have the same yard and pound but their volume measurement is just weird . 
  i 'd say we use the kilogramme for around 80 % of stuff these days anyway . 
  imperial and metric lengths are used 50/50 in my experience , and often at the same time . 
  even on the roads , the limits are in mph but i swear some people drive as though they were km/h where i live !, 
  nah , the imperial system is a british invention . 
  they use a weird mix of old english units . 
  [ plain old english ] ( http://imgur.com/hdfqq04 ) here so nothing too interesting . 
  that would make a pretty cool font imo . 
  going to need a picture of this ... 
  i really like the way cyrillic looks handwritten . 
  not sure about easier though , i guess it 's all about what you 're used to . 
  just because a state acts immorally does n't mean entire ethnic groups are `` liabilities '' . 
  that 's their own fault , the only way to reverse a population decline is by having more children .
