  i do n't think they were particularly open about their intentions . 
  nobody would have voted them in based on `` give more powers and taxpayer 's money to the eu '' . 
  to be fair back then it was n't openly loathed as it is now , euroskepticism has only become a major force thanks to recent events like the election of juncker , not wanting to get dragged down with the eurozone after the crisis and all the free airtime the bbc has given politicians like farage to draw attention to and criticise the activities of the eu . 
   btw , the eu is not a republic of europe . 
  granted there are talks about that , which require further treaties and contracts negotiated by the heads and members of eu governments . 
  these are again voted by the electorate of each country . 
  it might be that the government only has a small majority and they are not representing the political view of the entire population of the country ( quite healthy for a democracy though ) . 
  but in our current system that gives them the power to make decisions for the entire country . 
  it 's been the plan from the start , even churchill wanted a republic of europe ( albeit one that did not include britain ) . 
  i do n't think anybody would declare a republic of europe at once , they know it would be deeply unpopular so they 'd use the treaties and contracts you mention to build it bit by bit . 
  i do n't think the national governments would see fit to bother with asking the people either , we certainly have n't been asked specifically since the 1970s . 
  you can argue that we voted in europhile politicians but there 's never really been a viable alternative until ukip and even then they wo n't form a majority regardless . 
   ok , personal experience now . 
  so i might be utterly wrong . 
  i was in the uk during the latest eu parliament election . 
  i gave up the right to vote in my home country and therefore was allowed to vote for the eu parliament in the uk . 
  when researching which party i wanted to vote for i found it quite difficult during election time to find the views of labor or the conservatives on the eu . 
  there also did n't really seem to be an election campaign except for the ukip . 
  farage was quite clear on ukip views and actions on the eu . 
  granted it might just have gone over my head ; election posters and such might not be that big during election campaigns in the uk and maybe i need to be knocked onto my head with a large `` it is election time '' - hammer to gather information , but i thought that the uk parties were rather quieted about their ideas of shaping the future of the eu . 
  yeah , they 're deliberately vague because an open europhile is not going to get a majority in the uk any more . 
  it 's shameful the amount of participation in the european elections , we 're really disengaged from our political process . 
  we 'll rail against the system all day but nobody wants to work with it to either reform it or in the case of the eu hold a referendum on leaving altogether , not until ukip started gaining ground anyway . 
  farage is no better , his campaign is good because the entire reason his party exists is opposition to the eu . 
  come the general election his party is deliberately short on policies to appeal to as many eurosceptics as possible . 
  you are pointing out what we already know : our politicians are full of shit . 
  the * diktat * that 's been pushed for so long * by our own politicians * is finally being questioned and challenged . 
  if this is the way brussels and our own political leaders want to treat us then they will both be voted out . 
   yeah , you are much too busy to turn into the shithole the usa has become . 
  good luck with that . 
  at least the usa has a future . 
  the eu is doomed , people do n't like their taxes subsidising the screw-ups of other countries or having their democracies diluted by having their laws overridden . 
  and we 'll never be as bad as the usa , our way of doing things is much better thought out than theirs and we have the best part of a millennium to prove our political and justice systems are among the best in the world . 
  we wo n't fade and die if we say no thanks to the eu whatever petulant remarks mr barroso might make . 
  we 'll do better without the stifling eu chains around our feet . 
   maybe you should 've thought about what you were voting for . 
  the vote was in the 1970s , before many of us were of voting age or even born . 
  nobody was suggesting we 'd be joining a project to create a single european state . 
  we were misinformed at best and deliberately lied to at worst . 
   you voted for those who signed the eu contracts . 
  then they 've lied to us . 
  nobody has gone into government in recent years saying `` we 'll give the eu more powers and more of your hard-earned tax money '' . 
   you have no reason to be angry at the eu . 
  it only does what you agreed to in the contracts . 
  we did n't agree to shit , our leaders signed away our future off the back of a vote that happened before many of us were born . 
  the eu has no popular support , we hate it flushing our money into the economic toilet that half of europe has become . 
   .22 % of your budget is hardly a `` giant sum '' . 
  imagine what that money could do for a british hospital or school rather than the german government . 
   as has been explained to you already you are supposed to pay based on your gni . 
  that you chose to not tax prostitution is your problem , not ours . 
  just like we 'd rather not give prisoners the vote . 
  european sensibilities are too different to british ones for a political union to make any sense , this is an example of it . 
  what i meant was it has no democratic legitimacy because the british electorate never voted for a political union in which an end goal is a republic of europe . 
  i was n't voicing a particular complaint about how voting in the eu functions . 
  in my eyes if a rulers does n't have the support of the people they govern then they have no democratic legitimacy , by this definition the influence the eu has in britain is not democratically legitimate . 
  i like how they have to specify it 's in km/h , must mean somebody tried to get away with speeding by driving at 80 mph instead . 
   because you signed a contract to do so . 
  this should be obvious to you . 
  yeah , we voted for a free trade agreement , not to be forced kicking and screaming into the foundation for a republic of europe . 
  unless you mean the european politicians , because we voted for eurosceptics not federalists like juncker . 
   you voted for people who then signed aforementioned contracts . 
  people who promised they 'd do otherwise , we 're as angry at them as we are at the eu . 
  you are aware of the `` uk rebate '' ? 
  that you 've been less than all others since forever , right ? 
  does n't justify giving us a month to deliver a massive sum when we 're busy giving money to causes that actually benefit average people rather than bureaucrats or germany ( why is the biggest economy getting a rebate based on prostitution ? ), 
   just leave already , it 's annoying . 
  we would if we could but that would ruin the career plans of our politicians . 
  the eu is as popular as genital warts in the uk outside of pro-eu groups such as this . 
  why should we pay an arbitrary demand to an organisation with no democratic legitimacy ? 
  we did n't vote for our money to vanish into a black hole at the whim of some foreign technocrats . 
  why should our money go to a rebate for the largest economy in europe when it could be spent on the abysmal state of some of our hospitals ? 
  the only reason we have n't had a referendum is they already know what the result will be , the uk will vote `` yes '' to leaving the eu for good and they wo n't be able to put their fingers in their ears and yell `` lalalalala populism ! '', 
  any more . 
  it 's still money that could go on the nhs , cleaner power stations or better transport infrastructure rather than vanishing into the eu . 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  we still own a huge chunk of antarctica based off our territories of south georgia and the falkland islands , those penguins are using the pound sterling !, 
  no different to ours really , they just buy less freddos per handful of loose change and have two tone designs which are kind of cool . 
  our new pound 's going to be like that but based on the shape of the old threepence coin . 
  it 'd almost be worth reintroducing the old # . s.d money just to mess with tourists though !, 
  i 'm of english origin actually , i just feel very strongly about this particularly horrible crime . 
  and i know this is almost treason to admit but they 've got the fish and chips thing nailed . 
  it 's not a lottery if you get something decent or a dry and bony mess . 
  i love it there , my only complaint is that i could n't buy a 10oz steak anywhere the whole time i was visiting . 
  he is the lowest kind of scum . 
  it 's senseless violence done simply because the perpetrator is a piece of filth unfit for the name of humanity . 
  people like him really make me hope hell is a real place so this vermin can suffer for all eternity in excruciating agony , the death penalty is too kind for him , he should live the remainder of his life constantly reminded of this crime until his mind is destroyed . 
  forced marriage is a barbaric practice that needs to be stamped out like we 'd stamp out an infectious disease . 
  exactly . 
  i wish more people understood the difference between the commonwealth and the commonwealth realms . 
  closer ties to the commonwealth would be insane when so much of it is a poverty ridden hellhole but closer ties with the english-speaking commonwealth realms would be very desirable . 
  i 've been to many european countries and while there are definitely similarities not one of them comes close to australia in terms of cultural similarity in my experience . 
  not a very good one . 
  i 'm sure we can discount it on the grounds of being rubbish . 
  nah , we 'll just have the royal corps of astronauts colonise the crap out of them in the proud british tradition . 
   because it has the kudos of being seen as the `` mother of parliaments '' , and has the benefit of keeping established parties established which is certainly an advantage to those in power when setting up a new form of government . 
  well that 's a load of nonsense , if that were true then how come the labour party who 's origins are far younger than the liberal democrats or the conservatives are able to form a majority ? 
  how come ukip are set to gain a significant number of seats ? 
   all that means is that it 's democratic enough to avoid violent challenge , not that it 's particularly democratic in absolute terms . 
  well what do you suggest as an alternative ? 
  it 's worked so far , what 's the point in change for the sake of change ?
