   is that a marker of a democratic system ? 
  having a country dominated by a majority government that does not necessarily gather the majority of votes nationwide does not seem to be particularly democratic to me . 
  the whole reason we bother with democracy in the first place is a check on tyranny . 
  stability is the most important thing to prevent tyranny , it 's much harder for a tyrant to gain power when people have food on the table and money in the bank . 
  governments who are forced to compromise and negotiate with their opposition instead of getting things done are less stable . 
  we wo n't decay , people have been predicting the end of britain since 1707 and it still has n't happened yet , sorry to disappoint . 
   while there 's certainly room for improvement , it 's more democratic than the british political system . 
  if that is true then why do a huge number of countries emulate the westminster system ? 
  our political system was developed over the best part of a millennium and has n't seen a violent challenge in a very , very long time . 
  it 's main advantage is unlike many countries it is very stable and is highly likely to produce majority governments which prevents the decision making process getting bogged down in compromise and inter-party bickering . 
  which makes the rise of enough eurosceptism even more significant in my opinion . 
  each one is a traitor to their country , if they return i hope they face a fair and public trial then if found guilty left to rot in solitary confinement for the rest of their miserable lives . 
  it 's more than they deserve . 
  well virtually everyone from british business to european and national politicians were scaremongering about the apocalypse that would happen if we did n't join the euro and it turned out keeping the pound was the best thing that administration ever did . 
  even if there was a danger of economic disaster i think the people have a right to decide if the laws that govern us are made abroad or not . 
  come on , nobody has made a * hunt for red october * reference yet ? 
  i 'm disappointed in you / r/europe . 
  britain has the same situation with places like falklands , saint helena and our various caribbean territories . 
  i think the only british territory which is part of the eu is gibraltar , even the channel islands are weird like that . 
  here 's a lesson in rhetoric : sounding like a holier-than-thou berk and condescending people is not a good way to get your message across . 
   communist u wot m8 ? 
  cue thousands of migrants we 'd have previously rejected pretending to be gay to get into britain . 
  great plan . 
  it 's also been irrefutably proven that bears do indeed rate the woods as their favourite place in which to defecate . 
  not to mention the uk-spain border in gibraltar which has rustled a few jimmies in it 's time . 
  they 're asylum seekers if they stay in the first country that accepts them , economic migrants if they arrive in europe then try and move to a different country . 
  i do try . 
  `` maybe if i call him ukip enough people wo n't notice my argument holds as much water as a colander '' ~ you, 
   ukip is a ultranationalist christ you 're thick , and ** you ** are telling me to learn history ? 
  ukip are effectively a splinter group of the conservative party , the mainstream party that 's governed the uk for much of the last two centuries . 
  they 're reactionaries and populists but not nationalists . 
  if you want to meet some ultranationalists there 's the bnp , the golden dawn and i daresay some in your own government since you 're so keen to prevent catalonia exercising it 's self-determination in the name of `` territorial integrity '' . 
  i 'm making up nothing , i 'm stating the facts . 
  fact is my country has been an uninterrupted democracy for centuries , our remaining `` colonies '' have all voted overwhelmingly to remain british and gibraltar has as much chance of becoming spanish as the falklands do of becoming argentine , nigel farage has of joining the green party or president juncker has of becoming king of the united kingdom , in case it 's not abundantly clear absolutely none whatsoever . 
  and again , and again , ukip . 
  ukip has nothing to do with spain 's rejection of gibraltar 's self determination . 
  come on , where did i say i was a ukip supporter ? 
  everyone in the uk from the tories to the lib dems support our claim to gibraltar because we did the decent thing , held an internationally observed referendum which even the eu agrees was won fair and square and now you 're moaning because people did n't vote the way you want . 
  and for the record it 's not a colony , it 's an overseas territory . 
  a colony implies the residents are there against their will when the gibraltarians voted by a massive majority to remain british and not spanish . 
  if you 're going to back up your ridiculous statement i 'm all ears but until you do you are being an incredible hypocrite . 
  the difference between a crown dependency like the channel islands and an overseas territory like gibraltar is that crown dependencies had an existing legal system before annexation which remains in place while the overseas territories had a legal system installed by the british . 
  crown dependencies are n't part of the uk either , they 're held directly by the monarch . 
  in that sense spain 's exclaves are much closer to something like gibraltar . 
  even if there was a significant difference that was n't just `` it 's only okay when * we * do it '' why should we go against the democratic will of the gibraltarians and cede their territory to a country with a poorer economy and different language when spain has no such noble plans for ceuta and mellila ? 
  spain disputes our claim to gibraltar while holding similar territories in north africa . 
  if spain ceded it 's african territories to the nearest african country ( morocco i believe ) then maybe they 'd have more of a leg to stand on but even then they 'd have to be prepared to disregard the principle of self-determination * and * the uk government would have to go back on it 's word that gibraltar will not change it 's constitutional status unless it is rejected by referendum . 
  i ca n't believe the people in the spanish exclaves would prefer rule by an african country either who tend to be poorer than european countries . 
  well he has a point about spain being a massive hypocrite over the gibraltar situation . 
  i think the gibraltarians care very much about their sovereignty since they voted over 90 % in favour of remaining a british overseas territory , a decisive rejection of spanish or even shared sovereignty . 
  i do n't think i 'd be alone in supporting the reintroduction of the death penalty for very serious acts of treason such as joining the armed forces of the enemy . 
  they 've declared war on our country and our way of life , i ca n't see why it would be immoral for us to retaliate with proportionate force . 
  we should respect their human right to a fair and public trial by a jury of british citizens and then if they are found guilty have them speedily and humanely executed . 
  it 's much harder to spread the glory of jihad when it 's likely to end facing the wrong end of a firing squad consisting of the people who 's countrymen you were planning to behead . 
  it is but ultimately if democracy works the electorate will get what it demands . 
  the best thing we can do is raise awareness until the electorate are bombarding their mps with questions about how they 're going to tackle the issues of ageing population and demographic disaster , then they 'll be a queue of parties ready to tackle it head on . 
  people need to stop moaning about the political system and engage with it . 
  to misquote hilaire belloc : `` whatever happens , we have the ballistic missiles and they do not . '', 
  i think if we want to avoid the loss of quality of life associated with large scale immigration or an ageing population the only alternative is raising the birth rate . 
  that 's easy enough , we can just increase child benefit * but * that 's associated with less than moral people shitting out kids for the money then neglecting them . 
  our schools are also under intense strain already . 
  if we do that then we 'd need to build a social service and care system that 's the envy of the world and find a way to handle more children going to school at once . 
  a huge public campaign on how not to be a shitty parent would be good as well . 
  funding it would be a problem but to be honest defusing that demographic time-bomb should be a priority , a billion pounds now might be a trillion in the future . 
  i agree with you that there 's definitely going to be a demographic crisis , i think there 's many different options rather than two inevitable cliffs though . 
  you 're getting downvoted because mass immigration from the third world has caused direct harm to many people across europe in terms of housing , employment prospects and wages . 
  i do n't want to see my country collapse from a demographic crisis , we 're an island with finite resources and there 'll be no malthusian crisis to tell us when there 's too many people , it 'll just be more expensive houses , more concrete monstrosities in the countryside and lower wages all round since third-world immigrants are willing to work for less and demand fewer rights . 
  i think it 's fair enough to look down on aspects of some cultures as backwards or barbaric . 
  i think female genital mutilation , cannibalism and the ritual murder of wives when their often abusive husbands die is a cultural practice that should be stamped out for example . 
  malthus would approve of that but it seems technology has caught us before a malthusian catastrophe so far . 
  whether that will happen in africa where development is n't exactly commonplace is another matter . 
  encouraging immigration to counter an ageing population is like putting sticking plaster on a failing liver . 
  fifty years down the line the immigrants are ageing as well and you 're back to square one plus the enormous cultural tension that inevitably happens with large-scale migration . 
  the ideal situation would be to artificially manipulate the birth rate to just above replacement levels but i ca n't think of any non-totalitarian way of achieving it that 's not financial incentives and with our child protection services in the shoddy state they are ( see rotherham ) we 'd need to seriously improve before it would be an option . 
  i still think it 's a better idea than open-door immigration from the third world though . 
  ebola is n't an airborne disease , unless the whole of africa goes completely full retard with containment there wo n't be any sort of apocalyptic halt of population growth . 
  i doubt it , the political will just is n't there , if the tension is being stretched to breaking point by a few syrian refugees imagine what 's going to happen when european governments say `` alright guys , we 're just going to let in a few million african migrants '' when people have trouble finding houses as it is . 
  there 's just no way it can be spun to an increasingly xenophobic europe . 
   you are , very cynically and extremely disgustingly , using them as a shield to defend your own racist party . 
  no , i am trying to ensure their crimes are held with the contempt and horror they are due rather than disrespectfully reduced to ammunition in a political food fight . 
  also have i mentioned once that i 'm likely to vote ukip ? 
  if anything i 'd be voting lib dem or conservative but keep going on like i 'm best mates with nigel farage . 
   ukip are openly racist and you are openly talking out of your arse . 
  ukip are many things , unrealistic , reactionary and populist for a start but they are certainly not an institutionally racist party . 
  if you want to see a racist party look up the british national party or the golden dawn . 
  if you 're just going to scream `` racist '' at any party or person who does n't agree with your personal interpretation without the slightest analysis or level-headed comment then i see little point in continuing this discussion . 
  christ you 're a classless twat downvoting me because you disagree . 
  i do find the `` dae ukip are [ le ] terally hitler ?!? '', 
  rhetoric offensive as it happens because not only is it a completely invalid comparison it 's trivialising the crimes of nazi regime . 
  what about this do you not understand ? 
  where did i say i was a ukip supporter ? 
  only think i 'm arguing is that it takes a certain lack of class to compare the third reich to ukip . 
  it 's generally accepted in modern discourse that the nazi regime was so evil it can not be compared to anything that 's not another totalitarian regime which is literally the opposite of what ukip are proposing , they 're mostly ex-tories disillusioned with cameron 's leadership and in favour of deregulation and small government , a bit naive maybe but hardly a jackbooted menace . 
  it 's a false comparison , your personal opinion is against ukip and that 's fair enough but let 's not go insulting the memory of nazi victims by comparing them to a legitimate political party . 
  it 's poor form to use one of the worst tragedies in european history to score petty political points . 
  we 're one of the few nuclear weapons states , we have a blue-water navy and bases all over the world . 
  we also rank higher than the usa in terms of `` soft power '' . 
  we might have declined a lot since the days of the empire but we 're still firmly on the `` do n't fuck with these countries '' list . 
  yeah , cameron 's as euroskeptic as putin is democratic . 
  half the reason ukip are doing so well is because many tories are fed up of that fa\u00e7ade .
