  i do n't know , i 'd say there 's a good chance of us leaving if we actually get a referendum . 
   kosovo and serbia both in the eu - highely unlikely for a long time probably . 
  other balkan nations joining is fairly possible in a not too distant future ( up to 20 years perhaps ) . 
  same problem is with turkey and cyprus . 
  would n't the fact the vast majority of turkey is located in asia be a bigger obstacle to joining the * european * union ? 
  downvotes are not a button for silencing unpopular opinions , my posts are not off topic at all . 
  even if the metric system is better is n't the whole point of democracy to enable the wishes of the people ? 
  forcing unwanted changes on an unwilling population is anti-democratic which is why in 2015 me and many other uk citizens will vote to leave the eu . 
   okay , good point , i 'm working off of some assumptions , but it seems pretty obvious that if you give a man a solid scientific explanation of the human 's origin , plus a background in physics in chemistry , he will be a lot less likely to fall for the creationist bullshit , for example . 
  is n't it logical ? 
  you give him something that can be proven against something that ca n't . 
  makes sense that he 'd end up either an atheist or a man of undefined faith , like most people in sweden . 
  i can accept that this is probably the case , and that it is certainly irrational to believe in a literal interpretation of the biblical creation myth . 
  young-earth creationism is a foolish thing to believe when what scientific knowledge we do have shows us it is completely false . 
   now , you can reap all the benefits of having a more rational society , which , it is safe to assume , would n't care much about homosexuality , for example . 
  while i agree in part , i oppose gay adoption and much of the eu 's tolerance law for completely secular reasons , i 'm happy to have that debate as well but i do n't think it is relevent to the current discussion . 
   those who do n't have a good chance of falling into the irrational crowd , especially with the help of religion -- but that 's just one of the ways . 
  people need a solid scientific thinking ingrained into them starting from school . 
  they need to be taught to rely on reason , not on faith , when solving social issues such as homophobia and hatred of non-virginity . 
  that would help , i hope completely , to completely avoid those issues , and that 's the whole point of it for me . 
  i agree that certain forms of religion do cause these social problems but i think your solution of complete secularisation throws the baby out with the bathwater . 
  we can work to neutralise the negative effect of religion without attacking it completely . 
  a solid scientific education including the fundementals of logic and mathematics would go a long way towards this . 
  religion has the positive aspects of providing a common community that is ( in the uk at least ) apolitical and free of the pressures of social class and drama . 
  in a church , every man is equal before god and secular alternatives fail to provide a suitable surrogate for this , it 's been a while since i read dawkins but i believe he recognised this . 
  i 've heard universalism goes a long way to this end though . 
  fine , though the percentage thing aside my point still stands . 
  since your such a fan of sweden why not have a look at this ? 
  [ rape reports in europe ] ( https://motoristoppression.files.wordpress.com/2010/09/kelly_rape_per_k.jpg ) this shows that sweden is the rape capital of europe . 
  does atheism cause rape ? 
  of course not , and for a man of science you completely fail to understand that correlation does not equal causation . 
  and anyway , what affect on society does the non-belief in evolution have ? 
  those who it is relevent to know it is fact . 
  those who are n't biologists who claim otherwise are rightly laughed at and have precisely zero affect on the field of biology , and your life . 
   the percentage thing was just a comparison , notice the word `` like '' . 
  nice double backing on your argument . 
   yes , it is stupid to believe and lose your time on things that show no signs of existence . 
  yes it is stupid to devote your life to the spaghetti monster . 
  if you do n't think this is stupid , then you 're just lost in your complex system of thinking which does n't account for the simple fact that yeah , we may not know for sure , but we make a decision or another based on the knowledge that we have , and one of them is more reasonable than the other . 
  did you read my previous argument at all ? 
  silly strawmen like your unicorns and spaghetti monsters aside ( you describe physical beings , god is generally conceived as non-material ) , we as humans simply do not have the capacity to claim that things we can not see do not exist , our perception is n't remotely developed enough for that . 
  you claim that there is a 99 % chance god is not real but how can you say that when you 're throwing a dice with an almost completely unknown number of sides ? 
  ( a poor analogy i admit but i can not think of another way to fit it into your terms ), 
   the last survey i read was from 2005 and only about 12 % of americans accepted the theory of evolution as it is . 
  51 % dismissed it altogether and about 40 % believed it was guided by god . 
  it leaves a very small percentage of people that do not deny evolution , so your claim is completely wrong . 
  i do not have the link to the study right now , i can look it up tommorow . 
  that 's the situation in the us , but evolution is n't much acknowledged anywhere , look it up as well . 
  america ! = the world and christianity accounts only for 32 % of the world 's religions . 
  while i did make the mistake of making a claim i ca n't back up , i do n't think this is satisfactory evidence either . 
   there have also been around 50 studies on the correlation between education + intelligence and religious belief , the relation is inversely proportional . 
  that 's what makes me think that if people were taught evolution and sciences well , and they actually understood evolution and scientific method , there would be a lot less irrationality and religiousness in our society . 
  but then again , where are you going to find in america a teacher that can teach it well , when almost 90 % deny evolution ? 
  also , with how many religious schools you have in the uk , i would n't hope for too much there either . 
  hopefully at least the cynism will get you out of this simple delusion . 
  why do you keep assuming i am a christian ? 
  christianity has an influnce on my culture but my philosophical position is very different from the one you 're attacking . 
  anecdotally , proponents of atheism love to bash christianity but i 'm yet to hear quarter of the hate you pour at a harmless religion aimed at islam , a religion with far more recent blood on it 's hands . 
  while we 're speaking in emotional terms i believe it is incredibly blinding and arrogant to assume human logic is the most perfect thing there is and to by extention disregard the possibility that things we can not understand exist . 
  our perception of the universe is infinitesimally small and our understanding of it even smaller so who are you to make claims that because we can not see something it does n't exist ? 
  and where did you get those probabilities from ? 
  if you do n't mind i 'd like to see the complete mathematical calculation that led to you arrive at a 99 % chance of god not existing . 
  you claim to work with what you have but you have the same as every other human being , next to nothing . 
  i choose the position that the universe is far more complex than you or i could possibly understand . 
  science is an incredible tool for increasing what we can see but it certainly does n't give us the power to claim nothing exists beyond what we can see . 
  you are the one who is getting emotional , making fallacies and insulting people left , right and centre , i am just using your words in my arguments against them . 
  if you can support your claim i am bullying you then go ahead . 
  i 'm assuming that by `` god '' you mean the judeo-christian god described in the bible . . ? 
  incorrect . 
  you are trying to put atheism on a pedestal by making it out as a `` default '' or `` non-position '' when to identify as a atheist you must first make the claim that `` no intelligent , non-material beings exist '' . 
  that is a philosophical position like any other . 
  you failed to make it clear exactly how atheism was to be promoted . 
  normally when one ideology is promoted over another on a wide scale ( again , you failed to specify how wide so i assume you mean to everyone ) it is by the state , but i 'd like to hear how you would promote atheism on such a wide scale without infringing on people 's right to their original culture and religion . 
   why the fuck are you fixated on the way the argument is presented and not the argument ? 
  should i insult you again and say something along the lines of `` you just have nothing substantial to add '' so that you would talk about the actual subject ? 
  just fucking get over it and talk about the actual argument . 
  if you want to engage someone in debate then there is a correct way to do it . 
  your arguments must be clearly formed and free from logical fallacies . 
  to your credit an argument is not invalid just because it contains a fallacy but if you want to promote your ideology to the general public it would help if you present your arguments well and without resorting to playground tactics . 
   once again , not a word about the state , it was all about culture . 
  since when does the state control culture ? 
  if anything , i 'd advocate a very serious attitude towards education in history and biology , especially in what concerns evolution . 
  why do you assume that every single religious person denies science ? 
  the vast majority of theists completely agree with that point . 
  only a fool would deny evolution and very few theists do . 
  so what you 're saying is , `` my tiny sub-group of a relatively small minority group holds the one true philosophy and everyone who does n't buy into this position is stupid or delusional . '', 
  do you have any idea how much you sound like the fundementalists you despise ? 
   a person can have actual faith only in 2 cases . 
  a ) he 's stupid . 
  b ) he 's delusional . 
  i merely pointed out you resemble the sterotype of the anti-theist , you on the other hand insulted the vast majority of the worlds population . 
  your position of strict materialism is n't even held by all atheists ( around 16 % of the population ) let alone the majority of people so at a rough guess that 's 5880000000 people you consider stupid and delusional . 
   promoting and supressing are different things , honey , do not get dramatic . 
  no need to be condecending , and you are advocating that the state promotes a single ideology , states that promote a single ideology tend to resemble the ones that i mentioned . 
   if you are incapable of seeing my arguments just because i got a little emotional you have very low processing capacity . 
  statements like this is exactly how memes like `` euphoric '' , `` fedora '' and `` neckbeard '' came about . 
  the fact you made another fallicious argument while trying to mock me does n't help your claim to be a follower of reason . 
  could you please quote the exact place where i committed argumentum ad passiones ? 
   `` puritanism '' is a big part of most religions . 
  source ?
