  but by all means , call me a bigot when i criticise such wonderful works of literature such as :  quran ( 2:191 -193 ) - `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief ] is worse than killing ...  quran ( 3:56 ) - `` as to those who reject faith , i will punish them with terrible agony in this world and in the hereafter , nor will they have anyone to help . '', 
   quran ( 3:151 ) - `` soon shall we cast terror into the hearts of the unbelievers , for that they joined companions with allah , for which he had sent no authority '' . 
  and my personal favourite :  quran ( 5:33 ) - `` the punishment of those who wage war against allah and his messenger and strive to make mischief in the land is only this , that they should be murdered or crucified or their hands and their feet should be cut off on opposite sides or they should be imprisoned ; this shall be as a disgrace for them in this world , and in the hereafter they shall have a grievous chastisement '' if you defend this shit and the people who propagate it that makes you guilty of inciting hatred as well . 
  while people have every right to spread this bile it is insane to give it legal protection and even encourage it as a legitimate alternative to civilised , democratic society . 
  so does that mean i can hold a nazi rally in your town and scream about how the jews are evil and how honour killings are the solution to societies problems ? 
  it 's my * culture * , i swear !, 
  just because isis are n't white you treat their views as above criticism , meanwhile in syria and iraq these disgusting excuses for human beings kill , rape and torture adults and children alike . 
  they burn down homes , force people to leave their country and spread devastation everywhere they go and you defend these people based on * the colour of their fucking skin * . 
  isis are a ** terrorist movement ** . 
  wake the fuck up . 
  well said , isis and their supporters will never be welcome in a democratic country and if they make war on british soil they will find out why nobody has managed to invade for centuries . 
  people in the uk would rather fight and die than become slaves to an islamic theocracy . 
  the koran explicitly asks followers to spread islam and prescribes violence against non-believers and people who reject totalitarian islamic law . 
  i know a lot of what isis comes up with is not explicitly islamic but a nice chunk comes directly from their holy book . 
  yes , have you been living at the bottom of a pond for the past half a century ? 
  we only have ourselves to blame for this . 
  we need to collectively reject this filth , show isis they are not and will never be welcome in this country . 
  if we can counter-protest the bnp degenerates we can sure as hell counter-protest this shit as well . 
  it 's the very definition of treason to join the armed forces of the enemy or even to actively support them . 
  they should be jailed , deported or otherwise removed from society . 
  i 'm just glad this country would turn to radical scientology before it turned to radical islam , isis are a truly evil organisation . 
  thanks , i 'll give it a try . 
  i loved that programme , youtube pulled the series before i 'd finished watching it and i 've never been able to find it anywhere since . 
  why the hell should prisoners who have by definition been removed from society influence it by voting ? 
  and if somebody commits a crime in another country europe should not be a safe haven for them to hide and spread their malignancies further . 
  i think it 's only fair if you get to dump juncker on us next time around we get to impose farage on everyone . 
  it 's still a foreign organisation which influences british law which is what most euroskeptics are opposed to . 
  i 'm not euroskeptic because i do n't like europe , i 'm euroskeptic because i oppose the idea of people who are not british citizens having the power to alter british law . 
   abandoning one of the foundations of human rights in europe ... do n't be so melodramatic , nobody is talking about abandoning human rights . 
  cameron wants to legally define human rights in such a way that the echr ca n't impose crocks of shit like `` give prisoners the vote '' or `` do n't deport murderous jihadists '' . 
  everybody 's getting their knickers in a twist when he 's actually doing something that 's long overdue . 
  yes it is , whether britain remains in the eu or not is irrelevant to a discussion on the merits of the echr and how it is implemented . 
  no other european country has a problem with juncker becoming the president despite choice quotes such as `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no we will say ` we continue ' . '', 
  and `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie . '', 
  being in a minority of one does n't make you wrong by default . 
  people on this sub will pile on the downvotes if you say anything remotely critical of the eu and it 's various institutions , it 's a capital offence on reddit to contradict a circlejerk in progress . 
  i agree with you , when it comes to developed countries such as the uk human rights legislation is better handled on a national level , especially when the eu pushes in nonsense like giving prisoners the vote under the guise of human rights . 
  it 's not about the dark lord cameron taking away our rights , it 's about making britain more resilient to having our justice system undermined . 
  why would somebody move here if not for employment ? 
  you 'd have to be insane put all that effort into to learn a new language , local customs and getting a house that does n't cost a fortune especially in a country renowned for it 's bad weather and dislike of foreigners . 
  even the guardian would n't stoop that low , this sort of tragedy is no time for political mud slinging . 
  i 'm not saying fptp perfect either , i just see compromise between parties as weakening , i know thatcher is n't the most popular figure in this sub but i think she was spot on about consensus politics being the worst of all worlds . 
  in my opinion coalitions are feeble when the parties in it are ideologically worlds apart , the cameron administration wo n't go down in history as a strong defender of british interests or the cause of any great reform . 
  i do think a liberal-labour or tory-ukip coalition would be more successful than the current one though as their ideas are less different . 
  there 's a big problem with tory/labour overrepresentation but pragmatism and getting things done are more important to me than having a perfectly fair system . 
  no , you made an unqualified statement about `` rich people '' . 
  and bill gates not being a businessman ? 
  possibly * the greatest businessman who ever lived * is n't actually a businessman ? 
  what the ever-loving fuck are you on about ? 
  for the record bill gates bought dos off another company , windows ( and the mac os ) were n't original ideas at all , those ideas owe their existence xerox alto . 
  his real talent was for business . 
  `` the only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain . '', 
  ~ karl marx marx said a lot of things , does n't mean he was right about them . 
  yeah , bill gates is such a bastard giving away billions in aid to the third world . 
  is n't david gilmour such a wanker for selling his multi-million london home and donating every penny to a homeless charity !, 
  let 's not even get started on the despicable j.k. rowling and her heinous philanthropic work . 
  rich people are all such cold hearted cunts !, 
  what alternatives to you suggest to shareholders in a business ? 
  where 's the initial capital to start your company going to come from ? 
  it 's a lonely existence being centre-right on this sub but it 's far more tolerant of dissenting views than / r/unitedkingdom , as long as the eu is n't mentioned . 
  the somewhat united kingdom . 
  it 's not trying to secede , at least not yet . 
  the process of secession starts after the referendum , despite salmond pissing money away as if the vote had already happened in his favour . 
  if ( and it 's looking fairly likely ) scotland vote to remain in the uk the process wo n't start at all . 
  proportional representation it is n't perfect either , we voted to keep the fptp system which has the advantage of forming strong majority governments . 
  it 's a good idea to focus on getting results rather than diluting actions down to nothing by having to compromise with ideological opposites . 
  not that the electoral system matters when all the major parties are just different shades of shit though . 
  it 's not a case of either the eu is shit or the national governments are shit , they 're both full of shit in my opinion . 
  i thought we built an empire because our weather is just too shite most of the year ? 
  well , that 's the rest of the evening lost to wikipedia !, 
  linguistics is really interesting , i wish they encouraged learning a second language properly here in england . 
  i oppose any further integration with the eu but this juncker business is kind of pathetic , it looks like an excuse for cameron to pretend to stand up to the `` eu bogeyman '' without actually growing a pair and coming out as pro or anti eu . 
  it 's pointless shit-stirring . 
  it 's a reasonable bet scotland will remain in the uk , the polls have been showing a clear pro-union lead for months and it looks like pro-secession campaign is beginning to stall , though of course there 's still a while to go before the actual referendum where anything can happen . 
  if it does it 'll happen peacefully , we 've learned from our past mistakes . 
  that 's interesting , i wonder how related to welsh and cornish irish is ? 
  always thought the world could have picked a more interesting language than english , it 's pretty much the borg of languages . 
  out of interest is irish as widely spoken as welsh ? 
  do you have bilingual signs and things like that ? 
  genuinely interested , i thought irish people just spoke english . 
  why is private investment in a business and getting a share in it 's profits such a sin though ? 
  say i want to manufacture tin cans for example so i pay people to build a factory , mine the tin and work it into cans . 
  i have provided a livelihood for a good few hundred people , not oppressed them . 
  why should all the profit go to the workers when no labourer could have set up such an enterprise without my initial investment and expertise in running a business ? 
  with all due respect to people employed in this way a factory labourer is hardly going to have the skills required to run a complete operation like that . 
  if front line workers held all the political power the enterprise would never would have existed and the workers would n't be paid at all . 
  and statelessness is nothing more than a utopian fantasy , if you want people to work you have the choice of the carrot of capitalism or the stick of communism . 
  socialism seeks to deny and work against human nature , capitalism is about embracing our inherent tendency for private ambition and using it constructively . 
  i would n't say it 's a feature of communist theory but it 's undeniably a recurring feature of governments that call themselves communist . 
  even if the death toll was n't as high as historians claim it does n't mean the great leap forward was a good idea by any means . 
  forcing people to produce useless pig iron to bump up statistics for a start was not a good idea , nor was persecuting people who engaged in private farming . 
  the modern chinese regime is not a place a sane person would want to live either , their severe restrictions on individual liberties ( including the disgusting one child policy ) , inhumane torture of anybody opposed to the regime and complete disregard for human rights is a disgrace to the name of humanity . 
  capitalism is n't about greed , it 's about giving people with the ambition and talent to succeed the freedom to do so . 
  communism is all about reducing an individual person with hopes , dreams and ambitions to a mere part of a social organism , a cog in a machine with no freedom or chance to better their lot in life . 
  we should strive for equal opportunities and a minimum standard of living but if communism was state policy we 'd all be equally poor and miserable regardless of talent , skill or drive to work . 
   for example , more people died in india under capitalism than in china under mao , in the same time period . 
  source ? 
  they wo n't change in the future unless the british government completely collapses . 
  any change in policy towards the falklands would be political suicide when 99 % of their electorate voted to remain a british overseas territory .
