  exactly , that 's the point i was trying to make . 
  yorkshire is a very natural place to have an assembly because it has a strong identity , people already say they 're from yorkshire . 
  regions like the north west are completely pointless , why merge liverpool and manchester with cumbria ? 
  what exactly is that going to achieve ? 
  if we 're going to have regional assemblies then it should be along already established lines and should n't be limited to england , let 's give scotland and wales a chance at more local governance as well . 
  derailing this thread , oh well ... 
  i do n't like the idea of regional assemblies because they 're completely arbitrarily defined in a nation that 's been around since the 10th century . 
  i consider myself fairly equally as british and english but certainly not `` south-eastian '' . 
  if you clump loads of people arbitrarily together using the current regions and give them an assembly then the voter turnout and interest in the assembly is going to be ridiculously low . 
  if regions consisted of `` natural '' groups of counties such as berks-bucks-oxon then it would be better but i doubt that would work across the whole of england . 
  a much better answer to the west lothian question is just to prohibit mps from the other home nations voting on matters that only concern england . 
  i love how cyrillic handwriting looks , not sure if it 's just because i 'm used to latin but i 've always thought cyrillic looks more classy . 
  i like yours a lot , what did you write that with ? 
  mine was absolutely horrible until i started a levels . 
  i had to teach myself again tracing the characters because it was illegible !, 
  your capital j is really cool !, 
  som l?ttl?st - blarmode 21-09-2014 how did i do ? 
  and metric works fine in britain , we 're all `` bilingual '' measurements-wise apart from the really old people !, 
  a lot of us think like mm < cm < inches < feet < metres < miles . 
  i have a video of my friend singing it ( he 's much better at remembering lyrics than me ) which i can put on youtube if you want ? 
  google translate really does n't like the lyrics for some reason , thinks it 's in bosnian for some reason . 
  as someone who 's very pro-union i 'd say he did the honourable thing in admitting defeat and resigning . 
  i disagree with his cause but he 's brought us closer to a federal uk which is long overdue in my opinion . 
  shame he 's got to ruin it with a comment like this . 
  exactly , scotland and any other region for that matter deserves the right to self-determination and i 'm glad scotland decided to stay united with us mostly on emotional grounds ( i consider myself british and english ) but also because there was a chance of salmond 's plans plunging both countries into economic disaster . 
  what the bloody hell are you on about ? 
  scotland is free , if you think scotland is some sort of somalia-esque hellhole under the jackboot of the dark lord cameron then you 're a muppet . 
  that 's exactly it except it does n't have the line about soviet soldiers . 
  what does it actually mean , we all liked the tune but have no idea . 
   so if they voted yes they 'd have been bent over an empty oil barrel , kilt up , with the imf having its way with them . 
  eloquently put . 
  miliband 's a bit of a dipshit though , i suspect other people in the labour party will tell him to sort it out . 
  it 's a good thing those powers will be delivered then , if cameron goes back on his word the backlash will be immense and it could lose them the election . 
  there 's a general election next year , if he does n't keep his promises the tories will be decimated and rightly so , it 's not just scotland who want devolution . 
  it 's a shame about that really , there should be a movement dedicated to reclaiming the english flag and identity from the racists and football hooligans . 
   if there is a referendum about the uk being in europe i honestly would predict staying in to be a clear winner . 
  if it came to a referendum on joining the euro it would be so utterly thrashed that you 'd wonder why you 'd even bothered to have a vote . 
  spot on , despite the constant complaining from our press there 's actually was actually a fairly firm majority in favour of staying in the last poll about the eu . 
  the euro however is somewhere between piers morgan and argentina in terms of popularity in the uk . 
  both salmond and cameron promised this would be the last for a generation . 
  by that time they 'll have implemented devolution properly which will hopefully stop the separatist movement in it 's tracks permanently , unless they make a proper pig 's ear of it . 
  i 'm hoping for a federal uk as the best case scenario . 
  stop bullying them with facts !, 
  the biggest contributor to british gene pool is the original pre-celtic settlers . 
  there 's no real ethnic difference between the english and scottish . 
  the empire was weakening our country after ww2 though , we were too broke to continue running it . 
  the dominions like canada and australia were effectively independent anyway . 
  that is ridiculously optimistic , the negotiations in the event of a yes vote will be messy because salmond is going to try and bleed the uk dry before leaving and nobody in england has the slightest desire to pay the inevitability huge divorce bill to the country that just gave us the finger . 
  i expect the party who will win the next general election will be the party who is the hardest on scotland in the event of a yes vote . 
  what the bloody hell is the mdl ? 
  these people have nothing to do with ukip though . 
  in fact ukip specifically ban these degenerates from joining the party . 
  i wish people would stop making false comparisons between ukip and bnp/edl dickheads . 
  i do n't like the sound of england getting divided up while scotland and wales remain whole . 
  if we 're going that route we should either split along countries or split along smaller units across the whole uk . 
  these cunts have really tainted the reputation of our flag . 
  there needs to be a campaign to take back the saint george 's cross from neanderthals like them . 
  good riddance to them , the bnp is full of degenerates and racist dickheads . 
  for all it 's faults ukip is a genuine party with a legitimate aim rather than an straight-up hate group . 
  i actually like some ukip policies such as drug reform , more localised governance and holding a referendum on the eu . 
  i 'm on the fence about which way i 'd vote but the referendum needs to happen . 
  at the moment , i doubt the government will ever be able to compete once asteroid mining and space tourism becomes profitable . 
  exactly , just because somebody opposes the eu establishment does n't make them an opponent of europe . 
  i have no faith in governments running space programmes . 
  the only way we 're going away from this rock is if it 's done commercially . 
  i 'm glad aerospace companies like reaction engines ( just down the road from me ! ), 
  exist , it 's a step in the right direction . 
  people were saying that about scotland a few years ago as well , i reckon a yes vote could be the trigger for more balkanisation across europe . 
  well i suppose it 's full of [ pirates ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/ross_revenge_1984.jpg ) . 
  those divisions do n't seem awfully natural . 
  as far as england is concerned long live the glorious empire of berkshire-buckinghamshire-oxfordshire !, 
  well what did they * think * was going to happen , would you invest in a country which does n't even know what currency it 'll be using in a years time ? 
  not surprised really , they 'd have to be high to think they 've got a chance in the next election . 
  a scotland in schengen and england outside the eu ? 
  we 'd create a lot of jobs rebuilding hadrian 's wall at least ... 
  oh yeah , i 've heard spain might block scotland 's eu application because of that . 
  it will be interesting to see if a `` yes '' vote in scotland is the trigger for a wider process of balkanisation throughout europe . 
  i think it might cause english nationalism to become a real force which would n't be very good for our chances of staying in the eu . 
  are you literally hitting f5 in your inbox waiting to reply to me ? 
  that 's adorable . 
   we do n't like brit ** s ** in the continent . 
  interesting , can you get me a source for the islanders not wanting it ? 
  i was under the impression that they were quite keen because of the economic benefits . 
  i 've never encountered any hostility from people when i 've visited the continent . 
  then again , racism is usually the domain of the ignorant . 
   brought here as slaves . 
  you 've just gone beyond full retard . 
  you 've fired up the retard reactor , split the retard atom and flown at 3,999,981 retards per second straight into a retard hole and have ascended to astral form in the retard plane where retarded berries grow on retard trees and the retarded bunnies hop from retarded burrows in the great retard hills of retardia . 
  you sir have gone quantum retard , may god have mercy on your poor , retarded soul . 
  [ link if you wish to educate yourself ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_the_united_kingdom_since_irish_independence#british_empire_and_the_commonwealth ) . 
  i think you 'll find it 's an objective fact your posts are of lower quality that what we 've come to expect in these hallowed halls of / r/europe . 
  except it could n't , i feel i 've managed to avoid whining and wailing quite well . 
  if you 're unsatisfied with my comments please feel free to pm your complaints to me , i could use a good laugh at the moment . 
  not really , you 're still lowering the tone of this subreddit . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  discussing european politics with people who do n't act like petulant children when things are n't worded to their personal taste . 
  an island that 's been a place of immigration first from europe and then quarter of the world . 
  british genes are probably more diverse than yours . 
  it would be really ironic if falkland oil starts taking off just as the north sea oil starts to run out . 
  if your skin was any thinner your internal organs would be drooping out over the floor .
