poland can never into space , the missiles will merely bounce off the upper atmosphere . 
  perhaps we need to restore order in the colonies ? 
  northern ireland : so complicated * neither * country really wants it any more . 
  is n't that a little irrelevant since normandy is just temporarily occupied english clay ? 
  is it just me or does the gherkin look like a massive bloated knob ? 
  see we 're not so different after all , many of us british types loathe our capital !, 
  i do not agree with what you have to say , but i 'll defend to the death your right to say it . 
  somebody claiming to be a master of genocide is hardly somebody worthy of our attention . 
  the phrase `` class war '' just makes me imagine classy victorian gentlemen going into battle like `` 300 '' with cricket bats . 
  maybe england could use the money gained from no longer paying the eu contribution to rebuild hadrian 's wall and re-garrison carlisle castle ? 
   hey you do n't need to tell us that , i do n't think we 'd be opposed to you lot getting your own parliament . 
  seems to be the case that that model , the federal uk would suit best although i do n't know how well some mps in westminster would take to that suggestion ( tory and ukip ) . 
  well i 'd say labour have more to gain by opposing a federal uk and supporting the current mess though hopefully their utter collapse in scotland will change their minds . 
  loathing of london is not a phenomenon unique to scotland , i wish we could federalise the uk and proceed as equal brother nations but nationalists on both sides of the border just stir up hatred for their own personal gain . 
  i think people should disregard the opinions of somebody who calls themselves `` mastrgenocidest '' as mindless ramblings of a narrow minded nationalist who thinks 8 % of the population is worth more than 92 % of it . 
  and they have the audacity to label people like farage populists . 
  nationalism is how regions get completely destabilised but apparently the snp do n't care how many countries they ruin before they get their wet dream of a socialist utopian wonderland shortly before economic meltdown . 
  yeah , when the rest of the uk decides to abandon scotland to it 's fate at the hands of charlatans like salmond or sturgeon . 
  we 're pretty fed up of all the political energy going towards 8 % of the population . 
  a shame because america is the worst retrograde force in the western world at the moment politically speaking . 
  it 's attitudes towards healthcare , worker rights and weapons are practically third world . 
  which will be worth nothing if america decides it wants ten new states or china wants to impose maoist thought in a wider area . 
  it 's not likely in the immediate future but they easily could if they wanted to . 
  it 's better for unions to be made of equal states rather than ones with a huge power difference . 
  he might be overly nationalistic and ignorant of europe but there 's no reason to block him , he 's not done anything grossly offensive . 
  i 'd rather see my / r/europe page as it is rather than with views i do n't like removed . 
  we 're pissed off in england too you know , at least scotland has some devolution . 
  we get nothing at all but your mps can still vote on matters that only affect england . 
  i think the only fair way to deal with the question is devo-max for * all * the countries in the uk , not scotland alone and make sure only mps from the nation they represent can vote on devolved matters . 
  and let 's turn westminster into the english parliament and move the uk parliament further north , it 's unfair to scotland and the north having it in london . 
  i think york would be a poetic choice because it was the roman capital . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  people like farage did n't work as city traders by being uneducated . 
  to be fair our influence is non existent anyway , we were the only ones who voted against juncker and who got slapped with a bill in the billions for not including drug dealers and pimps in our gdp . 
  i suppose we 'd better inform the royal navy that we might be faced with a bunch of russian tanks who wish to liberate our russian minority from those totalitarian but incredibly well dressed pretend oppressors . 
  this is why people loathe americans . 
  you are a country of arrogant twats who fail to see their entire nation is built on false hope and outright lies . 
  you are not a democracy , you claim america rules us while failing to realise america is the bitch of international business . 
  european politicians have to carefully balance the economic benefits of being associated with america with the sheer political capital they 'd get for telling your arrogant country and it 's slimy pr shit of a president to go and fuck itself with a rusty scaffolding pole . 
  australia is far less foreign than any european culture . 
  fifth economy in the world , disproportionately influential despite the petulant remarks of mr barroso and internationally recognised as punching above our weight . 
  hardly the mark of a nation cap in hand kneeling before the generous eu . 
  because america cares only about its hegemony and china is run by a genuinely evil regime comparable to the soviet union . 
  what , because when we go to war we gain the trust of the local population to find where the mines are rather than bombing everything within twenty feet of the road ? 
  you 're the great satan because your conduct is that of the schoolyard bully , not because anybody respects the usa as a bastion of democracy . 
  your politics are an embarrassment to the civilised world and your standard of living is shameful . 
  i 'd rather live in a country where there 's not a high chance i 'll get shot if i have the misfortune to live in a bad area , have a minor health problem cost a life-changingly huge sum of money or be fired with no due process whatsoever . 
  and our history is of the utmost importance to a nation founded on the rejection of great britain and it 's principles . 
  why ? 
  we 're far closer linguistically and culturally to those countries than we are to mainland europe . 
  in fact being a member of the eu has forced us to neglect our natural partners in them . 
  better than labour under miliband , i 'd sooner have ukip and farage than that authoritarian party and that incompetent twat . 
  which is a load of shite , scotland is 8 % of the population . 
  if 92 % of the uk voted to leave scotland could still veto it , does that sound democratic to you ? 
  like it or not scotland voted to remain part of the union in full knowledge we might leave the eu , sturgeon is nothing more than a one track minded nationalist with special snowflake syndrome . 
  scotland was the area with the least support for joining the eec at one point . 
  and from which orifice did you pull this drivel ? 
  i 'd support that on three conditions : we do n't use the presidential system or first past the post , we immediately disband all the major political parties and start from scratch and we use the 20oz imperial pint for our beer rather than the 16oz us one . 
  other than that all power to oceania , war is peace . 
  i completely agree , we 're better off outside the eu and the eu is better off without us hampering it 's goal of further integration . 
  the eu ca n't work without closer integration and closer integration is unacceptable to the british electorate so for both our sake 's it 's better we leave . 
  the eu has done a lot of good and without us a republic of europe ( let 's face it , it 's been the end goal for the eu since the start ) would undoubtedly be very successful but the way we do politics is completely alien to the eu and the way we do business is different as well . 
  our prevailing ideologies are just too different , the eu strangles our growth while we prevent the eu from accomplishing it 's goal of further integration . 
  we 'd both be better off with a full british withdrawal . 
   americans not knowing the difference between the union flag and the english flag england has been around for over a millennium and the union has existed for longer than the usa has existed . 
  fifth largest economy in the world , more `` soft power '' than the usa ( and second only to germany ) and the usa is the only country in the anglosphere we do n't share a head of state with . 
  what on earth makes you think we need any foreign countries to prop us up ? 
   american  talking utter bollocks about european affairs he does n't understand no surprises there . 
  norwegian coins are really cool . 
  yeah , there 'll be riots if we get amalgamated into a republic of europe . 
  quite right too , the idea 's as popular as genital warts among the british electorate . 
  yeah because they know if they declared a republic of europe tomorrow there 'd be outrage , riots and maybe even civil war . 
  better sneak it in on the sly rather than respect the wishes of the public . 
  exactly , american politics are an embarrassment to the western world . 
  we should actively seek to learn from what they get wrong . 
  bollocks . 
  there 's a huge percentage of us that want to leave the eu and i include myself in that group as somebody who loves europe and it 's people . 
  the eu is a mess , nobody knows who it 's supposed to serve but it certainly is n't the european people . 
  this seems awfully like the rise of ukip in britain , our electoral system favours large parties too but now ukip have one seat and are on track for another it seems like they might hold the balance of power in the general election , a thought that scares a lot of people who do n't want a referendum on the eu . 
  welcome to the neverendum where five `` no '' votes are clearly wrong but one `` yes '' vote is the binding and permanent will of the people . 
  or not , if anyone has any sense . 
  it 's been two months . 
  you ca n't make major constitutional changes in two months . 
  seriously , the snp were whinging after three days , are they completely divorced from practical reality or something ? 
  my son , father-in-law and psychotherapist were very pleased about that . 
  i think i 'd rather die standing , especially if it was my country under threat from a foreign power . 
  that 's a gurkha-tier superhuman feat . 
  russia invented the periodic table among other scientific advancements , the country is responsible for a lot of things you probably take for granted . 
  you ca n't blame the russian population for electing putin when the electoral system there is sketchy at best . 
  yeah , all 104 % of them voted . 
  why do you think that particular statistic is accurate ? 
  yeah , that 's always fun . 
  i missed the last one though and it 's better if you 're a kid so you do n't have to be polite about it . 
  [ pretty much any building in oxford ] ( http://www.built.org.uk/on-location/climbing-great-buildings_files/new-college-oxford-view.jpg ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.abingdonwalks.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/county-hall-abingdon-in-the-snow-royal-wedding.jpg ) is one of the few buildings in my hometown just outside of oxford that is n't a generic high street though . 
  if i had to choose somewhere specific i 'd go for [ waddeston manor ] ( http://kashif-ali.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/waddesdon_manor_by_supersnappz-d5fvqai1.jpg ) . 
  masterpieces like  `` your teeth are offside , your teeth are offside , luis suarez , your teeth are offside '', 
  you need to experience english football chants , they 're brilliant sometimes . 
  yeah well argentina is a craphole who 's economy fails so regularly you could set your clock by it , they can run their mouths all the like but both countries know they have a snowball 's chance in hell of ever becoming argentinian because the defences are vastly better than last time they tried to take them . 
  russia on the other hand , i would n't like to be in a war against them .
