  apparently you do n't understand democracy . 
  if the people do not want it then it can not be forced on them by a government with any moral compass , unless you are advocating a totalitarian government ( ironically the very thing your beloved eu was built to avoid ) . 
   ignoring your tendentious choice of words , why would a single government be illegitimate in europe and not in britain ? 
  because , for the fourth time our government is made up of british people who are elected by the british people , not by foreigners . 
  there is no such thing as european as far as we are concerned . 
  there is britain and there are individual countries that are not britain . 
  a single european government would be illegitimate because * the people of britain do not want to be ruled by a european government * . 
  there should be no authority in britain above the british parliament , anything else is undemocratic . 
  there is no european identity here . 
   circular reasoning : it 's bad because they do not want it , they do not want it because it 's bad . 
  if the people do not want something it is the duty of the elected representatives to not do it , otherwise what are they there for ? 
  if the people do not want something in a democracy then it by definition is bad , that 's how democracy works . 
  are you so blinded by the wet dream of a european superstate that you have forgotten that a government that goes against what the people want ( in this case a smaller , less powerful eu ) is the very thing democracy is supposed to prevent ? 
   yes , it tells me that eurosceptics represent a small minority in europe , populated by all varieties of neonazis and xenophobes , who are too obnoxious to even be able to cooperate amongst themselves , let alone with anyone else . 
  and too lazy to show up for work 95 % of the time . 
  i repeat , not wanting foreigners to be the sole authority over your country is not xenophobic . 
  am i a neo-nazi because i find the likes of juncker and other federalists making policy that my country is forced to write into law abhorrent ? 
  and they do n't show up to work because their goal is * the destruction of the european union * , not because they 're lazy . 
  ukip exists because democracy works . 
   why ? 
  because they are british . 
   the ep is made up of your fellow europeans . 
  sorry to break your delusion but there is no pan-european feeling in britain . 
  quite frankly the vast majority of us do n't give a damn about the politics of other nations . 
  the british government exists solely for the interests of the british people , why is it so hard for you to understand not everyone supports internationalism ? 
  i do n't care europe is filled with fellow europeans , they are not british and therefore i do not want britain to be ruled by them . 
   woosh . 
  i was pointing at your assertion that `` the england of 1707 can not be held responsible for the actions of the england of 1284 '' . 
  it ca n't . 
  it 's a fundamental part of our system of governance that parliament can not be bound by previous administrations . 
  by your logic we should hold mongolia responsible for genghis khan in a court of law . 
  hell , why not take ethiopia to court for colonising the entire world with humans ? 
  where do you stop ? 
  is 423 years not enough to make a government not responsible ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
   that 's a dramatic hyperbole . 
  it reveals that it 's an emotional matter to you , while to me a state is merely a tool for the benefit of its citizens . 
  perhaps that explains while i 'm more willing to redesign it if that seems useful . 
  there is nothing emotional about not wanting to be ruled by a foreign power the majority of our country want nothing to do with . 
   the degree of centralization remains to be determined . 
  the uk is much more centralized than eg . 
  germany . 
   i repeat : in any case , it 's up to britain to decide how their representatives in the eu will act . 
  if that involves a referendum ( or a mock battle , or a pie-eating contest ) , go ahead . 
  you are still dodging my question . 
  you federalists will sacrifice the right of self-determination to subjugate the people of europe under a single government which outside of federalist circles the people do not want , do not need and are quite frankly disgusted by . 
  the recent election of euroskeptic parties to the european parliament tells you all you need to know about what the people actually think about your grand plans for a federal europe . 
   why do n't you require referenda for laws made in london then ? 
  because london represents us a damn sight better than brussels and our parliament is made up of our fellow countrymen who actually live here , not foreigners who live hundreds of miles away from british soil . 
   so wales is actually a free sovereign state ? 
  i wonder what happens when the welsh do n't pay their taxes to london . 
  wales has a devolved administration just like scotland , if they wanted to become independent they could request a referendum from london which would be granted , just like scotland . 
  the reason there is no referendum on the horizon is because [ the vast majority of the welsh electorate approve of the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_independence#opinion_polling ) . 
  scotland will most likely remain the uk too , not once have the polls indicated scotland will secede from the union . 
   add a street , and keep adding streets , and at some point you have the whole of the world . 
  where does laughable turn into serious ? 
  the point is that nationhood is not obvious and self-evident as you claim , and neither is sovereignity or the organization of political decision power . 
  if the majority of the international community recognised my collection of streets then , and ** only ** then would it be a nation . 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  do you consider the confederate states of america a nation ? 
  what about afghanistan under the taliban ? 
  were they a legitimate state ? 
   why would n't they ? 
  that 's how it worked with kosovo very recently , even though their former imperial masters serbia disagreed vehemently , considering it a breach of their sovereignity . 
  sovereignity is an opinion and a convention , not an objectively verifiable fact . 
  it 's funny you should mention sovereignty when you 're so in favour of it being taken away permanently from the countries of europe . 
  and they do n't recognise cornwall as a state because it has none of the features of a nation-state . 
   define `` federal europe '' . 
  in any case , it 's up to britain to decide how their representatives in the eu will act . 
  if that involves a referendum ( or a mock battle , or a pie-eating contest ) , go ahead . 
  you know exactly what i mean . 
  a single european nation encompassing all the current members of the eu . 
  the abolition of my country and the other european countries in favour of rule by a centralised european government . 
  are you or are you not in favour of such a government annexing my country ? 
  the day they try to push half litres instead of pints will be the day of the shortest , bloodiest and most successful revolution the world has ever seen . 
  they can take our sovereignty , they can make our laws but damn them if they dare to touch our pubs !, 
   so how does that reflect badly on the eu ? 
  because unlike the scots and english of 1707 who knew exactly what they were getting into the people of britain never voted for a federation . 
  we voted for an economic union , not a political union . 
  that 's come completely without a referendum or until recently even acknowledgement that not everybody likes having our laws made in brussels . 
  in the 1970s federation was a remote possibility , now it could actually come to pass . 
   the later acts were just a post factum legitimization of the previous annexation by force of arms . 
  in britain we have parliamentary sovereignty , no parliament can be bound by the actions of a previous administration . 
  the england of 1707 can not be held responsible for the actions of the england of 1284 . 
  also that statement is a load of tosh , i doubt you can point me to a single serious academic who believes that anglophobic nonsense . 
  scotland stood a lot to gain by the union , i 've already pointed you to some information about the treaty which you obviously ignored . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  if the cornish consider themselves a nation by grace of their history , well , that 's what they are then . 
  plenty of empires have tried to forbid their subjects to make laws , tax etc. 
  that does n't mean they ca n't ever claim independence again . 
  no , apart from a couple of nut-jobs nobody in cornwall thinks they are a country . 
  your argument is absurd , if everybody in my street decided we wanted to become a country we 'd get laughed at , and rightly so . 
  we 'd have a majority in favour but you need international recognition to qualify as a country . 
  not a single country in the world recognises cornwall as a nation so it 's not a country even if every single person of cornish decent said they were . 
   i 'm saying that your supposedly voluntary expansion of england was n't that voluntary , so you need n't claim the moral high ground . 
  in addition i can assure you that no integration steps of britain will be taken without british consent ( that 's way too much work ) - your feeling of being threatened is entirely in your own feverish imagination . 
  but i suppose that 's what you need to do to work up the courage to actually leave instead of just threatening to for decades . 
  you did n't answer my question , just spouted more anglophobic tripe . 
  do you or do you not think a federal europe should include britain without a referendum ? 
  yes or no ?
