  unless the repatriated russians have more children than the russians in already in russia it would n't make a lot of difference . 
  because ethnic cleansing is generally frowned upon by the civilised world . 
  odds are 7/2 last time i checked , still think salmond will be an unhappy man in september . 
  how come norway has to contribute to that fund if they 're not a member of the eu ? 
  giving money away to underdeveloped countries does n't sound like it 'd be in their national interests . 
  yeah , especially as the usa and uk guaranteed their border and we all know about the infamous british border drawing skills ... 
  nice border , but the english channel is better !, 
  somebody is compensating for something ... 
  mate , are you high ? 
  do we need someone to call 999 for you ? 
  i literally ca n't make a head or tail of your post . 
   the zoo could n't pass their giraffe on to any zoo outside the breeding programme , it 's part of their rules . 
  neither could they have sold it . 
  it would make incentives to breed `` cash animals '' and then sell it to rich people , which would cause an even further outrage . 
  and to be part of the breeding programme , you need to be able to guarantee a certain standard of life for the animals . 
  i have a bit of a problem with this , surely it 's better for some rich guy to own an animal than for it to be put down ? 
  i know giraffes are n't endangered but i 'd rather see endangered species be bred as playingthings for the rich than let them go extinct entirely . 
  i always thought they looked like something out of war of the worlds . 
  they 're much nicer than fossil fuel infrastructure i guess but i prefer unspoiled countryside , england 's green and pleasant land and all that . 
  cheers . 
  looks like i got my numbers wrong , the only poll that has had a majority in favour of secession was the one conducted by the snp last august . 
  it looks like the vote to remain in the union has been more stable than secession but there 's still enough undecided to move it either way . 
  is there a site with the sum of all the polls ? 
  last time i checked the snp were claiming secession had 45 % support and better together claiming around 37 % . 
  the odds are 7/2 for secession i think . 
  i think the odds are still in favour of scotland voting not to secede . 
  i 'm going to trust the betting odds over the polls , you do n't see many poor bookmakers . 
  the cold war could have brought about a nuclear apocalypse , nobody in their right minds would want a return to that . 
  also the whole point of the cold war was that both sides had equal military power to dissuade an attack which simply is n't the case any more . 
  we could in theory but that would mean building expensive new infrastructure . 
  also , nobody wants to plaster every square inch of the continent in ugly wind farms and lots of people are afraid of nuclear power so it looks like we 're stuck with fossil fuels for the time being . 
  they certainly do n't have europe 's interests at heart but seriously ? 
  they 're a trading partner , not an imperial rival . 
  a stable europe is in their interests , why on earth would they mastermind a destabilising revolution ? 
  you mean the old graphic from the have i got news for you intro is a lie ?!, 
  imagine if britain annexed ireland or normandy , both areas that were historically british territory . 
  nobody would recognise that annexation because in the 21st century the civilised world believes in self determination , which is quite hard to come by when an occupying power is patrolling your streets . 
  i 'm pretty sure the international community frowns on surprise * anschluss * regardless of who 's doing it . 
  i 've seen you around here before . 
  surprised you have n't been banned for spreading blatant russian state propaganda or been fired for being terrible at it . 
  i consider myself british first , then english , then european . 
  oh nice , delete your comments to try and make me sound unreasonable . 
  apparently putin ca n't hire proper shills these days , i 've seen better attempts from stormfront . 
  obvious troll is obvious , i thought you guys were busy spamming up / int / with this kind of crap ? 
  also it was a scottish king that formed the union , the english never took their independence you muppet . 
  kgb please go , you 're lowering the tone of the board . 
  nah , you 'd need to annex scotland if they vote to secede . 
  [ i do n't trust that salmond fellow at all ... ] ( http://imgur.com/r1a2oux ), 
  unless we elected nigel farage as supreme dictator of the britains . 
  on the contrary old chap , [ it went rather well . 
  ] ( http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/historical/colbeck/english_conquests_in_france_1382.jpg ), 
  i 'm in quite a minority according to the survey but it 's still one of my favourite subs . 
  could any russian speakers on here translate the documents pictured in the article ? 
  nothing unites people more than a common enemy , it 's just a shame the common enemy has the fire-power to bring about the apocalypse . 
  our green party really shot themselves in the foot here by opposing nuclear power in favour of plastering every square inch of the country with wind farms . 
  even with our shitty weather wind farms will never be good enough and they make the countryside look like a scene from war of the worlds imo . 
  it 's a real shame because we do far too little about environmental issues but people would rather plan an idealist rather than practical solution . 
  if half the money that went into exploiting the north sea oil and fracking went into developing new methods of producing hydrogen fuel , bio-fuel and nuclear power ( though we do have an experimental fusion reactor we 're doing nothing towards thorium to my knowledge ) we 'd be a much more sustainable country . 
  i 'd rather my air was [ free from benzene contamination ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/shale-gas-and-hydraulic-fracturing/ ) thank you very much . 
  imagine if they poured money into next-generation nuclear power plants or ( since we 're an island ) tidal power plants instead of more hydrocarbons that are going to screw up the atmosphere even more . 
  it 's funny as nuclear power when done correctly is far greener than anything else that can realistically power a country . 
  there 's a coal-fired plant a few miles from my house and it 's exposed me to a hundred times more radiation than if it were a nuclear plant due to faintly radioactive coal . 
  i wish the green energy guys realised this . 
  edit : [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radioactive_waste#coal ), 
  and i thought the eight inches of water half the fields are under here in england were bad !, 
  [ it 's been suggested ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/10330826/poland-and-germany-should-unite-says-lech-walesa.html ), 
  [ actually , more than most people realise ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_union ), 
  chavs are hardly a culture or ethnicity . 
  it 's very easy to have tolerant , progressive views when the people you have to tolerate are miles away and you 're in a nice , rich neighbourhood . 
  and before you all cry `` racist '' at me this is not a race problem , it 's a culture problem . 
  a person of any colour who is raised in a culture where begging and aggression is the norm are more lightly to be beggars and aggressive , simple as that . 
   these transgressions include allowing torture and mass surveillance , deteriorating prison conditions , failure to combat human trafficking , ill-treatment of refugees and migrants , and even genital mutilation . 
  and , of course , severe violations of the freedom of expression . 
  wait , this is coming from * russia * ? 
  the birthplace of the kgb is lecturing us about torture and mass surveillance ? 
  it 's good to see that these idiots are heavily out-numbered , while i grudgingly support their right to say what they please i 'm glad the german people are exercising their freedom of speech as well to call them out on their ridiculous views . 
   `` yes , let 's prove we do n't want to indoctrinate children by sending them completely politicised colouring books ! '', 
  some activists are beyond stupid . 
  all this is going to achieve is re-enforcing the idea that the lgbt movement is out to get children or whatever putin 's saying about them now . 
  i 'm all for equality but why not work on an actual protest or campaign rather than you know , indoctrinating children ? 
  this has been on / int / for ages , i ca n't unsee it whenever i look at a map of europe now . 
  touche, 
  really we should be the 0th state since they 're a rebellious ex-colony of ours . 
  i do n't like the eu much and this is my favourite subreddit : /, 
  with a sovereign wealth fund like they 've got i 'm not surprised they do n't want to throw it into a black hole of other countries debt . 
  even the recent * talk * of federalisation is making the eu unpopular here . 
  there 's a better chance of us becoming the 51 ^ st state of the usa than join a federal europe . 
  i do n't think they are , the idea of the welfare state is to provide for those who are a victim of circumstance and somebody who injects heroin into themselves is making a concious decision to perform an act that could make them unfit for work as opposed to say , a man who was blinded by a car accident . 
  people would much rather their tax money went to the latter person . 
  while i am normally rather eurosceptic i think an eu-wide discussion on drug policy is a good idea . 
  our government 's biggest flaw is that it has a nasty habit of asking for scientific advice then ignoring the advice in favour of the `` daily mail '' vote . 
  i like your idea of taxing each drug based on it 's harm at lot . 
  i think one difficulty is quantatively deciding how harmful each drug is . 
  some are pretty obvious ( eg methamphetamine being awful and weed being relatively benign ) but where do you place psychedelic drugs , which are harmless to the body but damaging to the unprepared mind ? 
  i guess this is the job of doctors , biologists and then economists and politicians . 
  i was taught french from year five in primary school but unforuntately the way it was taught ( tedious writing exercises , very little speaking ) turned me off the subject at secondary school enough for me to pretty much forget everything i 'd learned , which is a real shame because now after some travel around france i 've been interested in speaking french and i now have to start from scratch . 
   clegg was talking about how he would love to debate farage because his policy flaws would be exposed publicly . 
  i personally ca n't wait for that day . 
  me too , regardless of what you think of his policies at least farage is interesting to listen too . 
  yes , i meant english langauge .
