  \\  implying soldiers in 1915 spoke in nazi rhetoric \\  being this inept at history, 
  i took it to mean `` political leaders often fail to consider the effects of their decisions on the people that have to carry them out '' but i agree the literal interpretation is a load of bollocks . 
   wars are almost never justifiable . 
  depends on what country you 're in . 
  for example i strongly believe the falklands war was completely justifiable , a foreign dictatorship invaded a territory who 's population had no wish to be ruled by it but obviously an argentinian would see it as unjustified as they believe self-determination should not apply to `` implanted '' populations . 
  those lyrics are absolutely terrible taken literally , the chain of command would be seriously endangered for a start . 
  it 's hardly irrational , it 's human nature to care more about people who are similar to you . 
  i have more in much common with somebody down my street than an guy from an uncontacted tribe in the amazon for example . 
  extreme nationalism is clearly very bad but having no pride in your country at all leads to apathy and apathy is disastrous . 
  there 's no point in democracy if people refuse to give a damn about the future of their country . 
  imagine if countries vanished overnight , the world as we know it would collapse as everybody fought for supremacy . 
  we wo n't be until we get a leader with enough balls to actually hold a referendum . 
  we have too many private interest groups pushing to stay in the eu for the public to have a say even though [ polls suggest we want out ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/21/eu-referendum-majority-leave-opinium-observer-poll ) . 
  i suppose he could have handled it better than he did but i do n't think he had a lot of politically acceptable options . 
  i doubt we 'll get a referendum any time soon though , this coalition has become infamous for breaking it 's pledges . 
  i 'd tell them to go and live in france for a year and see if they still have the same attitude . 
  i did n't realise the parent commenter was n't british , missed the flair . 
  he opposed a man who 's openly admitted to being willing to lie , ignore national governments and act with complete disregard for the public 's opinion to achieve his political aims and he did so with the backing of the other major parties . 
  juncker 's election is a slap in the face to an increasingly eurosceptic electorate , what was he supposed to do ? 
  do nothing and appear weak and spineless in front of the country ? 
  it 's about as voluntary as a press gang for a start , we voted to join an economic community not a political union . 
  and the scots , welsh and northern irish are not foreigners in the same sense as the french or germans . 
  the countries of the uk share a monarch , central government , language and much of our cultures which is simply not the case with continental european countries . 
  fine , a federal europe . 
  a single european nation . 
  call it what you like but the creation of a single state is the end goal of many in the eu and it could come to pass if the people are n't quick to oppose it . 
  here 's some choice quotes from the new president of the eu : on the french no vote : `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no we will say ` we continue ' . '', 
  on british concerns of sovereignty , `` of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? '', 
  on eurozone measures , `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie . '', 
  the amount of bollocks the snp says about scottish independence ( e.g. 
  claiming the intelligence service posed as rabid cybernats and sent abusive messages to j k rowling ) really hurts the notion you 've researched your opinions . 
  the english national parliament was dissolved in 1707 and has never been restored , but clearly the english are simply the most evil race on the face of the planet / s. 
  the past governments of the uk are irrelevant to this discussion about the current nature of the uk and a hypothetical united states of europe . 
  you clearly do n't understand british history . 
  these countries are not under foreign rule , the uk is a voluntary union as evidenced by the fact scotland is getting a referendum ( which the polls have not once suggested they will use to leave ) . 
  how would be giving up our national government so that foreign government could make our laws and rule our people not be giving up our nationality ? 
  what right does anybody without british citizenship have to dictate our future ? 
  why do you think people who have never set foot on british soil in their lives would do a better job governing the uk than the people who actually live here ? 
   i am sure all pro-europeans are ready to sacrifice uk . 
  you mean commit treason ? 
  because an act that aims to destroy the government of the uk is the definition of treason . 
  fuck the use with the blunt end of a rake , i 'll never give up my nationality for a foreign power especially one ruled by the likes of juncker . 
  if we ever join the use i will be on the first plane out . 
  you seem a little obsessed with people 's views on homosexuality , do you want to talk about something ? 
  \\ #yesallbusses, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_fallacy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argumentum_ad_hominem i do n't see anybody searching up your history and discounting your arguments because you 're active on srs , a community that 's known for it 's lovely views about killing every white , heterosexual , male or non-transgendered person . 
  tumblr/10 would not read again . 
  seriously , stop seeing racism where there is none . 
  it is ironic that somebody obsessed with the concept of privilege has such a bloody good life they have to make up things to get offended over so they can pour righteous outrage over anybody who will listen . 
  and for your information , poland is probably the last country on earth to promote aryan supremacy . 
  are you completely oblivious to the nazi attitude to the polish people ? 
  the nazis * put their death camps in poland * . 
  educate yourself before you decide to lower the tone of this board with your retarded drivel . 
  ounces of karma per square yard ? 
  does n't spain have a policy of not recognising any breakaway states ? 
  a fluid ounce is about a shot glasses ' worth , or 1/20 of a pint . 
  it 's convenient when drinking but not at many other times . 
  and on the subreddit of the continent that invented the metric system ... oh well , i 'm not in it for the karma ^ said ^ no ^ ^ one ^ ^ ^ ever ... 
  is there much of an independence movement in bavaria ? 
  does n't the concept of parliamentary sovereignty pretty much mean parliament can do whatever the hell it likes if push comes to shove , even if the incumbent monarch decides to ignore it ? 
  hey , i can use all the metric units fine when i have to except kilometres for some reason . 
  i just prefer feet and inches when they 're available . 
  i 'm rubbish at kilometres , prefer feet to metres as well but i do n't have the excuse of being old . 
  is n't a * mil * just 10 kilometres ? 
  i came across it in norway too . 
  then it 'd be metric but not si . 
  problem with the nordic way of doing things is that countries like the uk have a far larger population than any of the nordic countries . 
  a country with a population of 64 million needs different solutions to a country with 10 million . 
  or 1.3 \u00d7 10 ^ -11 light years if you 're astronomically inclined . 
  just like they guaranteed the integrity of ukraine in return for it 's nuclear weapons ... 
  76.5 miles for us metrically impaired british types . 
  it 's interesting how different countries see monarchy . 
  we 're quite fond of our queen and the royal family in general , i could never see republicanism becoming a major political force in britain . 
  thanks for the gold !, 
  godwin 's law in four posts . 
  congratulations , you can have a month of [ reddit silver ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/93002-reddit-silver-medal-meme-funny-b9d2.jpeg ), 
  i think regardless of whether you approve of the eu or not it would be the right thing to do to hold a referendum . 
  many people are clearly unhappy with the direction it is taking and any major transfer of power ( for example a future federal europe ) should have the consent of the people . 
  if the uk votes out then we can carry on with our lives and if the uk votes to remain then at least the eu can no longer be accused of impeding democracy and acting against the will of the people . 
  i 'm not going to debate this issue further with you . 
  your position is that my country would be better off with it 's government abolished and my people better represented by a parliament that also represents other countries and peoples with very different goals to our own . 
  britain has 100 % of the seats in the british parliament but 10.2 % of the seats in the european parliament , transferring all power to the european parliament as you suggest would mean the british people would be far less represented if the supreme authority was a european government . 
  nothing you say will convince me to abandon my nationality in favour of some vague `` european '' identity , nor will it dissuade my belief that the only people with a right to make laws concerning britain are people with british citizenship . 
  nothing i say is likely to convince you the formation of a federal europe would be against the interests of the various countries on the european continent . 
  while this has been an interesting debate , there is no point in further discussion . 
   why is it so hard for you to understand that the eu is essentially a pragmatic project rather than an ideological one ? 
  it 's entirely ideological , the whole reason it exists is to make the countries of europe completely dependant on each-other so another european war is impossible . 
  the ideology being security is worth more than sovereignty . 
   you 're deliberately misrepresenting the issue . 
  the ep is as foreign to britain as the british parliament is to gloucestershire . 
  you elect members of the ep , just like you elect members of the bp . 
  on top of that you can veto decisions in certain areas in the council , and are guaranteed a commisioner . 
  arguable you 're better represented as a citizen on the eu level . 
  except that the people of gloucestershire consent to rule by the british parliament . 
  the people of britain did not consent to the monstrosity that the eu has become . 
  why are you trying to play pretend that nationality and patriotism do n't exist ? 
  you want to push your internationalist agenda by trying to blur the very distinct lines between the subdivisions of a country . 
  you are not even worth debating with if you do n't know that if you 're british a frenchman is a foreigner . 
   it 's bad because they do not want it , they do not want it because it 's bad .
