   waaah people did n't vote the way i want , give me another referendum !, 
  now !, 
  ~ you, 
  i think scotland should get what it is promised , but no special treatment whatsoever . 
  devolution should be equal , if they want devo max * and * the ability to vote on matters concerning only england they can fuck right off . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  were you born this ignorant or did you have to pay for tuition ? 
  scotland gets bugger all immigration , of course you do n't mind it . 
  what a classy gentleman you are . 
  on google earth it shows up as a disputed border ( red ) but to be fair that does n't mean much because apparently gibraltar is a seriously disputed territory as well . 
  poland can not into empire . 
  that would be delightfully ironic . 
  jidf ? 
  nope , we 're the real thing !, 
  i would not object to that at all if it meant we could finally declare normandy english clay again . 
  well it is a bit undemocratic that the elected parliament ca n't propose it 's own legislation and the only people that can are unelected . 
  apparently while the koran has plenty to say on god , morality and metaphysics it has little in the way of irony . 
  the rest of the country declares independence from it , we 're just looking for an excuse !, 
  she was all in favour of a referendum and a champion of self determination by democratic process during the scottish independence campaign , why the change of heart ? 
  in the end scotland voted to remain in the uk and it makes up 8.3 % of the population . 
  if 91.7 % of the population vote for something does she really think it 's fair to veto it ? 
  seems like she needs to get treated for special snowflake syndrome . 
   you give them an inch and they 'll take a kilometre . 
  that 's a particularly european spin on that old saying !, 
  i always heard give them an inch and they 'll take a yard or a mile . 
  u wot ? 
  freedom to expand west and genocide the crap out of the natives you mean ? 
  the american revolution was never the noble cause people like you make it out to be . 
  kebab is of worst fast food !, 
  remove kebab from the premises !, 
   then your concept of multiculturalism has nothing to do with mine , or with that of the majority of its supporters , going by my own experience with them . 
  then it 's supporters are either people who live far away from `` multicultural '' areas or outright delusional . 
   it 's not about segregation , but about respecting people 's decision of integrating as much ( or as little ) as they decide to , as long as they stay within the common legal framework . 
  if you have no respect for the culture to which you come then why on earth should we accept you ? 
  i have no respect for people who come here with no intention to integrate . 
  if you come here you come to live in one of the finest countries on earth ; universal healthcare , world famous policing and a generous welfare state . 
  we guarantee your safety , health and to an extent well-being . 
  in return you should have the common decency to participate in the society that was kind enough to let you come here rather than forming enclaves that displace natives and create ghettos . 
   a british muslim who speaks arabic most of the time and who practices the ramadan is as british as a british anglican who always speaks the queen 's english and who never misses his afternoon tea . 
  what makes somebody british is their acceptance of western values and their loyalty to and respect for their fellow british citizens . 
  somebody who ca n't even be bothered to learn the language so they can interact with the people who make up most of this country is not somebody who respects their countrymen . 
  many islamic values such as the subordination of women to their husbands and the promotion of religious imperialism are incompatible with being british . 
   both have the right to give the same name ( if any ) to their national identity , even if it means different things for both . 
  nobody has the right to come here with a culture , language and set of values completely different to the majority and claim the nation as their own . 
  if you want to be british then i whole-heartedly support you but you must make the effort to learn the language and customs of the people who live here . 
   you take away their place in society that 's exactly why we take away their vote . 
  they 've broken their contract with society to obey it 's laws so they 've forfeited their right to participate in it . 
  we do n't put people in jail for their own good , we put them in jail to isolate them from the general public so they ca n't harm more innocent people . 
  there is no place for rapists , paedophiles , murderers , abusers , thieves or fraudsters in civilised society . 
  i do n't think us leaving would be a terrible disaster , we 're the 5th largest economy in the world and we have significant influence and `` soft power '' despite what the likes of mr barroso say . 
  i think remaining in the eu with certain reforms to make it more democratic and repatriate a few powers would be a good thing though , as long as there 's no plans to make us a state in a republic of europe . 
  completely agree , preferably for the rest of their lives . 
  we need to send a message that being a cowardly piece of slime has real world consequences , they have the blood of countless children on their hands and deserve no sympathy or forgiveness . 
  people need to stop using the term `` asian '' as a euphemism for `` muslim '' . 
  words have meanings , using incorrect words does nothing to help solve issues . 
  multiculturalism is nothing less than self-imposed segregation . 
  it 's a pathetic cry of `` different people should keep to their own kind '' when the reason britain handled immigration so successfully in the past was that we let people settle here * and call themselves british * , not '' * x * religion '' or '' * x * ethnicity '' . 
  let 's stop with this bullshit and actually extend a hand to newcomers and make them welcome in a single , inclusive culture instead of this insane policy that does nothing but create ghettoes and tension . 
  while i agree we should be able to deport jihadists and prisoners should not be allowed to vote let 's at least blame the correct organisation . 
  that 's nothing to do with the eu , that 's the echr and i think there 's plans to significantly reform our relationship to it . 
  this confused me when i went to norway so much . 
  oh god , french grammar . 
  trying to learn french at the moment and it 's a pain . 
  thanks for your explanation , it makes more sense to me now . 
  the council of the eu actually sounds like quite a good mechanism to have , he old name is better though because there 's another council to get it confused with . 
  i wish this sort of thing was in our national media , it 's hard to critique or praise something nobody understands . 
  it 's very different from the british political system which makes me wonder if our days in the eu are numbered . 
  thanks for the post , it 's more than our media have ever explained about how the eu works . 
  i have a few questions about all this though . 
  what 's the point of having an elected parliament that ca n't propose legislation and two unelected bodies that do propose legislation ? 
  would n't it be more efficient to have one house that 's elected by the european electorate directly where the meps sit and a second house that 's not directly elected where the heads of national governments sit ? 
  personally i think the body that 's proposing the legislation should be the one that 's elected directly by the people and the unelected body should exist to make sure no legislation is passed that unfairly harms a member state and oversight things like that . 
  i 'm also not sure what the council of ministers is for . 
  what does it do that ca n't be done by the parliament , commission or council ? 
  to be fair that statistic is from the same government 104 % of the people voted for . 
  let 's not demonise an entire nation for the actions of it 's government . 
  i feel ignored by westminster and i 'm in bloody oxfordshire , i can barely imagine how people in a deprived area must feel . 
  i really hope the referendum makes westminster give a shit about scotland and give the whole uk some constitutional reform ( equal devolution for the home nations would be an elegant way of handling it i think ) , otherwise there 'll just be more nationalism which never leads to anything good . 
  are n't they the only places that voted for secession as well ? 
  it would be interesting to study the sociology behind that . 
  leave forgiveness to god , isis should be wiped from the earth like we wiped away smallpox or the measles . 
  what could * possibly * lead you to believe isis can bring anything positive to humankind ? 
  your argument is the same as `` the ss were n't * that * bad , not all of them were guards at auschwitz '' . 
  europe remembers the last time genocidal scum were on the march and we 'd be fools to allow it to happen again . 
  they knew exactly what they were getting into . 
  the videos of the crimes against humanity isis commit are available online for all to see , there is no ambiguity as to what kind of organisation isis is . 
  they are a genocidal cult hell bent on overthrowing civilisation and replacing it with totalitarian barbarism . 
  if you join isis you are scum , simple as that . 
  if somebody takes pleasure from the gurgling sound somebody makes as their head is severed by a savage in a death cult then they belong in isolation in a psychiatric ward . 
  if they engage in such behaviour themselves they belong on the business end of a firing squad . 
  end of . 
  evil violent scum killing cowardly violent scum , i fail to see any disadvantage . 
  if they finish each other off before provoking the west enough to turn their tin-pot caliphate into a strip of glass in the desert all the better for the rest of humanity . 
  i 'd say he 's in a bit of a tizz . 
  it 's all put on though , cameron 's as much of a eurosceptic as miliband is competent . 
  we should work to stamp out extremism regardless of the flag it waves or the book it takes it 's ideology from . 
  we should n't draw any distinction of politics or religion , if your aim is to overthrow democracy and replace it with a backwards , totalitarian dictatorship you have no place in this society . 
  i suppose that picture proves that on a rare occasion and using expensive mechanical aid you can indeed barrage the farage . 
  as it should be , there 's nothing to be gained from hostility between the people who live on these islands . 
   the british electorate voted for the government that got them into the eu ( edward heath ) and they also voted for the government that created new treaties , like the maastrich treaty ( thatcher , john mayor 's government ) , or the agreement on the current financing of the eu of 2010 ( brown , cameron ) .
