  the bulk of the measures was taken during these 2 years , and no new measures are in sight . 
   you should be ashamed of yourself for doing this . 
  i should be ashamed ? 
  you obviously do n't live in greece so you do n't get to hear this on a daily basis . 
  the basic rhetoric from the opposition is exactly that , if not worse . 
  i am not to blame for not understanding that it was a figure of speech , because whenever this topic is discussed , what you said there is considered extremely mild . 
   tell me of one thing that is genuinely really better . 
  besides all the economic indicators that are far better than a couple of years ago , as they are mentioned in the article , first two things that come to mind are the record year greece had regarding tourism , in 2013 , and the decrease of the overdue payments ( arrears ? ), 
  from 8 billion euros to 4.4 billion . 
  in the 2014 budget , 2.9 billions are earmarked towards eliminating those . 
   one could apply the same spin to a loan shark and make him seem like a good person . 
  one would have to be a shit loan shark to lend money with 2 % interest . 
  and yes it is , in my opinion , mostly greece 's fault . 
   4 billion 2.9 billion actually . 
  also the goal for this year 's balance was 0 . 
   objectively , the austerity measures taken now and the demands of the creditors are becoming bigger and bigger . 
  objectively , you 're dead wrong . 
  the bulk of the measures was taken in 2010-2012 . 
  with new measures being announced in succession . 
  for some time now , the pressure has been relieved , and there are no new measures in sight . 
  so this is just a talking point . 
   punishing austerity measures so the unworthy westerners do it to punish the proud greek people ? 
  please ... 
  i thought you were better than that . 
   5 years ago 5 years ago , everything was different ( pre-may 2010 ) if you described to someone any of the changes that were to happen in the following years , you would be branded as a complete loon . 
   you have to be a fanatical follower of the governing parties to not notice that things are bad and they 're getting nowhere near better . 
  why do you guys keep saying that ? 
  things are hellish . 
  but they are getting slightly better . 
  you do n't have to be a supporter of the government to admit it . 
  look , everybody agrees that in an ideal world , the best solution would be for the eu to adopt a sort of ` marshal plan ' , where we could spend our way out of the crisis . 
  but this is n't an ideal world , this is greece , and all these past decades , the money that we borrowed , did not help grow the economy the way it was supposed to , due to enormous corruption . 
  we did n't use it on infrastracture , or making a healthy basis for our economy . 
  i do n't think the troika came as a surprise . 
  the lenders wanted to make sure their money was n't wasted once again . 
   the original promise was that 70 % of the primary surplus would be spent ~ ~ on the poor . ~ ~ 1 billion goes to pay off past debts of the government , 500 million is the amount that will be spent on the poor , 350 goes to the hole that will be created in the pension funds from the lowered taxes there . 
  and the remaining will go towards homeless shelters . 
  also : people were screaming some weeks ago because the troika said there was about 10 or 15 billion euro hole in the banking sector ( i cant remember right now ) . 
  the government insisted that any possible gap would be around 6 billion . 
  in the end the government 's case was true . 
  how can you say , objectively that things have n't changed at all since the beginning , and we are still getting pushed around like we were used to ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't care . 
  i just gave a possible solution . 
  i am for nuclear power and germany is wrong for having this knee jerk reaction to fukushima . 
  germany could pay to store their nuclear waste in sweden/finland . 
  they do n't keep their waste at home since their people are worried , and you get some extra barrels to store , while getting paid for them . 
  unless you are a student ( tight on money ) in which case , everyone is paying the amount they ate/drank . 
  then you see a huge pile of change on the table and the poor waitress has to deal with that :p, 
  this subject is very touchy touchy , do n't expect any rational dialogue to take place any time soon . 
  it 's ok to say that bosnians are european and eritreans are african . 
  that might have to do something with it as well . 
  it was n't a joke , ilias is probably his name . 
  he actually meant that greece has a lot of heros . 
  it 's just that some of them are n't well known . 
  not going as far back as bc , i would say http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theodoros_kolokotronis is a big contender . 
  this is a whole new level of stupid . 
  it 's kind of scary actually . 
  i 've heard that even the dutch admit that flemish people have a better accent . 
  especially the girls . 
  true/false ? 
  you can have an opinion , it just does n't and should n't matter . 
  this is an issue between primarily the catalan people and secondarily the spanish people . 
  you should n't interfere in the affairs of other countries . 
  that 's why i think this online poll is meaningless . 
  you ca n't have a meaningful and relevant opinion on this matter , if you 're not catalan or spanish . 
  i have no idea how anyone could downvote this , other than being completely ignorant of what a declining aging population means . 
  unless they think that the declining birthrates can be balanced , without any harm , with increased immigration , in which case it 's a different kind of stupid . 
  well i 'm actually glad to hear that the difference is minimal . 
  i would still like to see the exact numbers just for the record , but it 's a relief to hear that france is better off than other european countries . 
  birth rate is an issue that will slowly become more apparent , and it 's not going to be pretty , unless drastic measures are taken . 
  i would wager that this increase in birthrate , is the result of the increasing number of immigrants from a non-european background , rather than an increase of births by french nationals . 
  i would say most of the damage is done already ... everybody jumped on the bandwagon . 
  hey jean claude van damme , fuck you man . 
   was christianity as present in the history of the pantheon as islam was in the history of the hagia sophia ? 
  so it 's a matter of scale ? 
  and who decides that ? 
  the parthenon was a church continuously since the 6th century ad until the fall of the byzantine empire . 
  and it was one of the most important pilgrim destinations . 
  later it was also converted into a mosque . 
  if anything , it was a church longer than hagia sophia was a mosque . 
  so i do n't think this particular line of reasoning applies . 
  but it 's not what i asked you though , is it ? 
  the parthenon was originally built as a temple worshipping the ancient greek godess athena . 
  it was also used at some point as a church by christians . 
  and it is also in the territory of the greek state . 
  1 ) does this make the parthenon a historical monument of both the ancient greek religion and christianity ? 
  2 ) would you have the same reaction if such a decision was made by the greek state ? 
  would it be ok with you , if the greek state turned parthenon into an orthodox church ? 
  you missed my point . 
  it 's all about symbolism . 
  if this happens it will affect us . 
  it will be a slap in the face for enemies of erdogan inside and outside his borders . 
  targetting ataturk sympathizers , and making a very delibarate move to worsen relations between greece-turkey . 
  a step towards turning turkey into ottoman empire . 
  with everything this entails . 
  you do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  if this happens , it carries implications way further than religion . 
  whether you personally care about religion or not matters little ( i 'm an atheist as well ) , as most greeks do care , especially about hagia sophia . 
  turning it into a mosque would raise the tension between the two countries , at least as much as it was back when the imia incident happened .
