  well fucking said , i would gold you if i could . 
  [ shhhhht ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6hmuf5yiq1qhvtpzo1_400.gif ) . 
  you got so annoyed that you creeped through my comment history and posted a troll comment . 
   loosen up, 
  i 'm just surprised at all the outrage about this , when i made it clear that i was speculating , and not making a definitive statement . 
  does n't matter , carry on . 
   not even remotely close , never even saw that connection before because that is not at all linked to this debate . 
  guys , take it easy , i was just speculating . 
  btw nobody 's watching you do n't have to be that vigilant about it . 
  i 'm just fucking questioning what reason the youth wing of a leftist party has , to want to ban porn . 
  loosen up, 
  is it possible that this is a reflection of the increased number of muslim immigrants in sweden ? 
  banning porn to appease their ` cultural sensitivities ' for example . 
  being against a u.s. style republic means that i 'm fringe in / r/europe apparently , holy shit . 
  do n't you like the separation of cultures and peoples as is ? 
  having a us style republic would require a shocking homogenization of existing cultures ... 
   i 'm american , but i love the idea of european integration , and am making it my life 's work . 
  spare us . 
  that 's the epitome of neckbeardity, 
   i 'll choose the latter as the most honest approach that 's * highly * debatable . 
  the comparison of those places with actual nazi concentration camps , is pretty sensationalist and takes away from the actual discussion on how to solve the problem , by producing a very emotionally charged response from people . 
  or something . 
  i was thinking of congo , yes , although i 'm not well versed in the history of belgium to have a clear picture . 
  also , about the dutroux case another commenter mentioned , have you seen this documentary from zdf ? 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fupkoggm_xq&amp;list=plx3zsmgfz_2tw9wpmdpf5p0k5jzhtx6sn i do n't know what the general opinion about this conspiracy is or if it is even known at all , but if what zdf broadcasted is true , then something sure is shady . 
  if i say that my opinion of a country took a nosedive , i am usually criticising the natives of the country and not foreigners that happen to live there . 
  except if you were dissapointed that belgium even has that many immigrants in the first place , in which case we agree . 
  they are n't ethnic belgian , they are clearly immigrants . 
  even if they were born there , they still are n't belgian , they are iraqi , moroccan , egyptian that have been born in belgium . 
  brussels is the ` capital ' of the eu . 
  beer . 
  chocolate . 
  complicated political system . 
  naughty history . 
  but they are n't even belgian . 
  obviously not everyone will have 3 children . 
  making it easier to have 3 children though , will result in an increased birth rate . 
  2.1 children/woman is the absolute minimum for a stable population . 
  developing countries have averages of up to 8 babies/woman ... 
  you did n't say it , but you did imply it , if only unintentionally . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  nobody knows how technology will advance in the future so we should n't rely on that . 
  dude noone is saying we have to grow like a 3rd world country . 
  or accept 3rd world immigrants . 
  i 'm literally saying that in the first post . 
  but 1.2 children per women is the reality in some countries and it is not fucking sustainable . 
  i 'm not saying that our current system is good or that we should n't change it . 
  i 'm pointing out the immediate dangers and i 'm saying that there should be a gradual change . 
  mra crybaby detected . 
   at some point you will have to stop growing , and then what ? 
  for now our whole economic system is based on growth . 
  we have to fix the immediate danger which is the low birth rate , and then once that is dealt with , we can try a complete overhaul of it , given enough time . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why recognising that we are imperfect and embracing parts of our psychology that evolved through hunderds of thousands of years of evolution , is essential in countering and more importantly * preventing * societal problems such as these . 
   it 's not religion , so much as culture as a whole . 
  that 's what i meant to say you 're right . 
  i 'll edit my oc i thought i was clear . 
  the whole point im making is that demographics , and culture that is strongly correlated with them , are not to be ignored when statistics and personal experiences of numerous people have witnessed several patterns . 
  because your original comment was redundant . 
  i think i made it clear islam was part of culture . 
  what else could religion be ? 
  among nationals . 
  birth rate has to increase , or else our economies will crumble . 
  at some point the ratio of workers/pensioneers will be so low that it will no longer be sustainable . 
  in theory it does n't matter if the increase of population happens because of increased births or immigration , but there is a very real problem with immigration , especially third world immigration . 
  even if they are actually contributing to the economy instead of draining it ( i have read no data on this ) , social dynamics are drasticaly changing . 
  i do n't care about a 1 % increase of gdp if crime rises 10fold f.e. 
   what is perceived as `` vast cultural differences '' . 
  one hundred years ago the anglo-saxon protestants were scared of catholic immigration ( irish , german , italian ) , seing it as incompatible with local democratic culture . 
  humans are a tribal species . 
  it goes down to the basic level . 
  two neighbouring villages may have a feud or whatever , but they will still take each other 's side , in case a completely foreign population looking out for their own interest , built a village nearby . 
  in my opinion it 's the same thing with catholics and protestants . 
  they still have their differences but with an outside ` opponent ' such as islam , it 's easier to recognise their similarities , in face of such drastic differences both of them have with islam . 
  i 'm not good with words , hope this paragraph makes sense . 
   i 'm always surprised how those that defend the awesomeness of european culture ( i agree it 's quite awesome ) have so little faith in the prestige and assimilating power of the culture they so love and cherish . 
  well , time and again , modern european cultures have shown that they are way too tolerant of other cultures . 
  cultures that are too intolerant of them and just too different to assimilate , and too different not to break the social cohesion of a monocultural society . 
  swedes try so fucking hard to deny reality , it 's unbelievable . 
  up is down , right is left , native swedes are fucking scum compared to immigrant angels . 
  if people had no idea of reality , you might have been a bit lucky if a couple of poor souls believed you . 
  islam , and any other religion , is a subset of culture , not the other way around . 
  so yes it is cultural , as are many other things . 
   whether you personally agree with their beliefs or not , there is no need to be rude about it . 
  now that 's just wonderfully ironic considering the comment i replied to was about euphorias and fedoras . 
  respecting everybody 's imaginary friends . 
  now that 's autism . 
  i know . 
   and honestly , family planning has no place in any modern country . 
  everything is in one way or another influenced by the government . 
  but making it easier and affordable for 3 children families is a no-no ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
   in a historical perspective are you talking about america and the effect european settlers had on the native population ? 
  it 's not even about immigration really , it 's about vast culture differences . 
  i do n't think the germans would mind replacing all their non european immigrants for some dutch ones . 
  what about the roman empire ? 
  multiculturalism and vast expansion was the death of it . 
  just take your everyday experiences for gods sake . 
  people self segregate for a reason .
