i 've yet to hear of romas murdering or raping anyone though seriously ? 
  golden dawn . 
  romanian people = / = roma people, 
  they 're not that far from the radical left . 
  ` radical ' is even in their name , even though names might not mean much . 
  plus there are quite a few new members of the party that have origins in the centre left , and the growing appeal of the party has ` softened ' some of their more extreme positions , but others still have socialist ( marxist definition ) views . 
  maybe my daily exposure to the golden dawn cancer has numbed my nazi radar , but unless somebody is activelly promoting nazi ideology , praises hitler and adopts the nazi party symbols , i do n't consider him a new hitler . 
  he is a modern day hitler because he wants fewer immigrants ? 
  greece is is this mess because of 40 years of corruption of both the political elite and the general population , and because of complacency and mistakes from the eu . 
  if you 're willing to blame the crisis in capitalism , you should also give props where they 're due . 
  all the growth , both in the economy and in the standard of living , these past years must also have been due to capitalism . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  but capitalism works in cycles . 
  it 's how you manage the economy in general that matters . 
   we need to democratize the economy this has been tried over and over and * over * again , all over the world . 
  it just does n't work . 
  really , at this point , it 's a matter of history , not economics . 
  of course that is easier said than done . 
  immigration and minorities are major issues with no clear cut answers . 
  that 's a given , i do n't see why we have to bring that up in every single conversation . 
  haha this is so wrong , but i guess you would n't be a commie if you had your wits about you . 
   like any people , it would be a complete fallacy to assume generalised actions purely due to nationality/ethnicity . 
  it 's just that with gypsies your margin of error would be way lower than with anybody else . 
  ` communist ' is being more specific . 
  i understand you guys , after a point , it must be so tiring to try to explain the difference between roma and romanians and sometimes even be slammed down by ` antiracists ' who ca n't see beyond their own nose . 
  centralization of power should be avoided as much as possible , that 's my default position and why i am against a use . 
  only the nazis themselves think this is politically motivated persecution with fabricated evidence by the government . 
  fully embracing their rhetoric makes you seem either hasty or driven to defend them by your own ideology , whichever that might be ... 
   to be honest i do n't care well it seems that you do care . 
  some polls are showing a slight advantage for the opposition left and some are showing a tie . 
  definitely no huge amount of support for the opposition . 
  yeah , they did it even more . 
  they castrated and killed off their old slaves and bought new ones . 
   all righty then , i guess there has been at least one piece of genuinely good news . 
  good god thank you :p  thanks for the sarcasm . 
  :p no i mean it , i have n't done this sort of thing for a while , my friends irl are kind of burnt out from the political discussions, 
   this is pretty interesting . 
  is there a way to have both numbers on the same paper , if it 's not too much trouble ? 
  i 'm not quite sure if the two are using the same method of calculation . 
  what do you mean ? 
  this was after a very quick google search . 
  if you look up articles from last year , they progressively show the amount getting less and less , so i do n't think there is any difference in methods . 
  anyways , it 's been a blast . 
   the point was the everyday basis . 
  it 's supposed to be such an influence on you that even hearing the word `` punishing '' brings it back , like a ` nam flashback . 
  i do n't care if one or two politicians say these things once in a blue moon . 
  in order for your defence to work , this must be something you 're subjected to every day . 
  it needs to be the official line of parties whose rhetoric is bombarding the media . 
  it is the official line of that particular party and many individual mp 's from all the political spectrum . 
  we would n't even argue this point if you lived here . 
   a positive impact  not necessarily . 
  you 're welcome to search the impact yourself . 
  you did n't even bother to check that the amount of money that the tourists spent last year was also more than any other year . 
  so anything more i throw at you will fall on deaf ears . 
   no , you 're right . 
  but can i have a source please ? 
  all i remember was a promise that they 'd do this . 
  [ 4.4 billion ] ( http://www.skai.gr/news/finance/article/253687/sta-44-disekatommuria-oi-lixiprothesmes-ofeiles-ton-ianouario/ ) as of last month , and [ this ] ( http://www.minfin.gr/content-api/f/binarychannel/minfin/datastore/5d/5c/1b/5d5c1b6fe1dc26cc32a3df03f74c2bca32d74ba0/application/pdf/dt-gr.pdf ) was from the end of 2012 . 
  ( 8.1 billion )  the specific reasons ( location , historical , social , cultural and so on ) are what they are . 
  but greece is now behind and it catching up quickly ( or at all ) can not be taken as a given . 
  one could argue that if these past decades we did what we were supposed to do , we would have already caught up . 
  or at least we would be better off and the crisis would not affect us as much as it has right now . 
   now , show me one opposition party that uses that rhetoric on an everyday basis , quotes and everything . 
   um , show me some indicator of the `` real economy '' that was impacted positively then ? 
  did wages rise in some sectors or something ? 
  [ just a random article ] ( http://news.in.gr/economy/article/?aid=1231301923 ) about a specific sector that tourism had a positive impact . 
  how can you possibly make claims like that ? 
  if the sector that provides 20 % of the gdp of a country has a good year , then the economy overall is better off . 
   explain to me , please , how any of what you mentioned is `` money that goes straight to the pockets of everyday people '' . 
  \u039b\u03bf\u03b3\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac \u03b5\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 \u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03ac ;  eh , it 's true in some respects but false in others . 
  imagine that greece was a monetary union but not a fiscal union . 
  if a crisis hit , then all those little islands with almost no economic activity would be hit the worst . 
  would that entitle anyone to say `` i put the blame on them for not being able to compete with athens in terms of economic activity '' ? 
  with your example you introduce factors such as remoteness of the islands , with everything that entails , and you pit them against the advantages of an urban agglomeration . 
  it 's not like greece is a poor island in the middle of the atlantic . 
  it 's connected by land with the rest of europe , and is on the crossroads of 3 continents ( to quote my 4th grade history teacher ) . 
  which admittedly has many advantages . 
  yeah well the arab spring happened mostly in 2011 ( and at the same time greece was n't looking too good ) and that 's not when we saw the jump in greek tourism . 
  we saw it last year , when political stability in greece was pretty good . 
   first of all , by what metric are we counting ? 
  i am just saying that the majority of the measures that had the most effect on society and caused the most outrage were implemented in that period . 
  and that 2013 compared to these years was not as harsh . 
  and that there are no new measures , at least of that magnitude , in the horizon . 
  i am baffled that you would argue that , but let 's just agree to disagree . 
   so , i said something that this conversation do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  what you said is a common talking point of the opposition , and they do n't use it as a figure of speech . 
  and somehow i am supposed to know that you 're not like them . 
  the medium is n't helping either to get the tone across . 
   i asked for something palpable the tourism thing is backed by data , and in an economy like greece 's where the percent of tourism on the gdp is on the lower edge of 20 % , it 's a huge relief for the economy . 
  how can it not impact the economy ? 
  the other things are not logistical in the slightest . 
  it is money that goes straight to the pockets of everyday people . 
   assigning blame eurozone has a lot of problems . 
  a big one is , as you said , the fact that it 's a monetary but not a fiscal union . 
  ( i believe there is some progress on that field correct me if i 'm wrong ) but none of the other eurozone members were hit as hard as greece was . 
  and that is because our economy had the worst foundations of all . 
  that 's why i put blame on us . 
   objectively , i 'm dead wrong ? 
  yes . 
  you did n't contradict what i said .
