poor trolling . 
   and as a brit , honestly , you do n't get to accuse anyone of putinism as some islander living on a rock in the atlantic where the russians launder money , manage football clubs , and spike tea cups with polonium . 
  ah there 's that chip on your shoulder against the uk again . 
  sooo predictable . 
   they should give free airline tickets to the uk before the brexit to all the poles , baltics dudes and romanians who turn 18 . 
   what 's your problem with the uk ? 
  e : i guess / u/tamernak changed their mind . 
  in 2012 around 48,000 refugees were in italy . 
  there 's no way in the following years that number grew larger than 1m . 
   if the uk has the right to dump refugees on italy , france should have the right to dump refugees on the uk . 
   it 's not about having a right . 
  you offload them in the nearest country and that seems to be italy . 
  why are you being so spiteful about this ? 
  impressive stuff . 
  he normally shitposts abou the uk then deletes it . 
  i first point out france was in afghanistan and syria . 
  you replied about something completely different . 
  now you say the us would have gone anyway . 
  excuses , excuses . 
  i guess the uk can just say the us would have gone anyway . 
  seems fair if you get to use it . 
  i 'm sure everyone here will be happy for the uk , 
  it 's hilarious how you 're completely trying to ignore your own countries involvement . 
  the quote is from feb. 2016 2 . 
  it 's kind of against the rules/frowned on  editorialised titles - do not add your opinion/commentary to the article 's title . 
  do n't add something that is n't covered by the article , and do n't misrepresent the article . 
  adding a sentence verbatim from within the 1st paragraph or byline that is more representative of the content is generally ok but only where it improves clarity . 
  e : guess editorialised titles are allowed now . 
  why could n't you have just kept the headline ? 
  lol just completely ignore my comment then . 
  yet france was in afghanistan and pushed the us into syria . 
   or does the bishop want british war ships to dump the refugees on the schengen area , as is uk practice at present ? 
   is n't that standard practice for any efforts in frontex ? 
   the bishop also fails to explain why europe is responsible for the refugees from british wars in the me and north africa . 
  you seem to be forgetting that many european members had forces in iraq and afghanistan . 
  i would n't be so quick to try and blame it all on the uk as you seem to be trying to do . 
  hah sure . 
  i saw a comment saying the uk was a 3rd world country being upvoted . 
  also that 's not a persecution complex . 
  stating that the uk is n't in the geo-defaults is just fact . 
  it was considered anti-english . 
  not really illegal . 
  tournament organisers saw an early preview of the video and said it was anti-english . 
  bbc re-edited for a more balanced video . 
  ah that anti-english criclejerk . 
  i 'd imagine the brits that find this sub are largely pro-eu . 
  the uk is excluded from being included in the geo-defaults . 
  i believe every european country but russia and the uk are automatically subscribed to the sub . 
  ` chav ' are typically working class . 
  and th-fronting is more prevalent in the working classes . 
  i take it the title is conflating `` all europeans '' with `` all eu citizens who 're 18 '' ? 
  eww working class , right ? 
  it 's apples to oranges . 
  london is probably one of the biggest producers of film , music , aaa city . 
  i know this sub does n't like the uk though so am not surprised to see me being downvoted . 
  they 're talking about cities , you pedant . 
  it 's already a thing . 
   hollywood has something to say here . 
  -  london as the linguistically most influential city in the english-speaking world hollywood is n't a city . 
  if the irish feel that strongly about it then change the rules . 
  they have n't done so yet . 
  no the fact that 's it 's ireland and they are n't exactly a fan of the uk to begin with . 
  constantly read what problems the uk caused in the eu . 
  i 'd have thought they 'd be happy  i 'm not denying the feelings for the eu , but i think seeing the back of the uk would make them happy . 
   which i guess is fair enough ( though it 's only 52 % + x of you ) . 
  i voted to remain . 
   but why do you deny us the legitimacy of those feelings ? 
  i 'm not denying them . 
  the eu means more to you than most brits . 
  that 's all . 
   it 's a symbol of hope that we can overcome the wars and the animosity that has plagued our continent for so long the uk 's view is different to that . 
  it 's bizarre that they 'd take it so personally . 
  the irish are n't great fans of the uk to begin with . 
  it 's just time for the uk and the eu to go their individual ways . 
  and how many do you think will actually claim it ? 
  few . 
  like i said you 're getting angry at a few thousand people who will probably never be in ireland . 
  this backed by the italian pm saying there wo n't be negotiations . 
  most signs are pointing to a hard exit early next year . 
  hoping for an early 2017 article 50 . 
  it seems to highly likely at this point . 
  again you seem to be ignoring anyone else . 
  this is kind of pointless . 
  so i 'm told . 
   so it is a bit rich to be asking us to keep our citizenship by descent laws in place . 
  i 'm not asking anything . 
  i find the whole thing hilarious . 
  literally a few thousand people and you 're annoyed at this . 
   instead of telling irish people that it is odd to be unhappy with this , lobby your own government to give citizenship to those with a british grandparent . 
  currently , you do n't . 
  ughh who 'd ever want british citizenship ? 
  i ca n't imagine that would be very popular even if people could get it like that . 
   have you ever heard of hyperboles ? 
  my point still stands , you are getting fixated over a technicality that 's not hyperbole or a small detail . 
  i asked if the uk managed to do it by itself and you replied `` yes '' . 
  it 's pretty straight forward . 
  so uk is bad guy stopping the eu but we just forget the others that sided with the uk . 
  let 's forget them . 
  your entire argument is nonsense . 
  look forward to seeing the next country that gets all the blame now the uk 's gone .
