  meanwhile you got clinton calling black youth `` superpredators '' in the past , which is an actual racist statement . 
  people claim that trump is a racist based on a statement about illegal immigrants coming from mexico , which is not a race and a lawsuit about a building project he was n't even directly in charge of . 
  stop criticising other people about supposedly believing in propaganda when all you pretty much do as i said in the beginning is repeating propaganda and spin . 
  i bet you get most of your information from propaganda outlets like theyoungturks , which are not interested in the facts but are only interested in pushing an agenda . 
  your portrayal of the situation is very one sided and at some points misleading but before i go to those points i will just say a few things about hillary clinton 's foreign policy first . 
  clinton has said that she wants to obliterate iran , in her emails there is even a plan on how she wants to justify the intervention with lies just like she did in libya , the lies she spread about black mercenaries in libya lead to black genocide in libya , which was conducted by the people she supported there and she kept pushing that lie even when she was informed about the consequences , which her emails prove , she has said that she would shoot down russian jets over syria , the strategy she proposed for the cinflict in syria would lead to radical ialamists taking over syria completely , one of her advisers has said that the us needs to deliberately kill russian and syrian troops in syria , she has proposed an intervention in several middle eastern countries , she was one if the most passionate supporters of the iraq war , she has not rules out invading north korea , she has also said that she wi n't rule out using nukes , she wants to deliver even more weapons to radical islamic terrorist groups such as ahrar al-sham and jaysh al-islam a lot of which are allied and working with al-qaeda , generals who worked with her have indirectly warned of her behavior and said that she will always go for the most hawkish option etc. . now as far as your comments avout trump go he has suggested that nato members need to pay their fair share and he wants to pressure then to do it the sentence you are quoting is taken out of context and he said all options have to be on the table when negotiating with the different nato countries , so what he was talking about was leverage in a negotiation not about not defending nato countries , which he of course would do as he said as well after being pressed in the issue he just did n't want to give up any leverage , as far as the iranian ship is concerned you are misquoting him and that was the typical tough talk on a campaign rally he has even said that the us has to work with iran to solve the problems in syria and the nuke quote has yet to be verified and there is no prove that he ever said such a thing aside from the anti-trump journalist joe scarborough on morning joe claiming it and bit candidates have said that they would not use nukes . 
  not really but i see that you have no knowledge about this subject hence you say nonsensical things like this . 
  your view is incredibly simplistic and using your argument i could justify the murder of born babys and humans if any kind in any developement stage as well as pretty much every living organism on earth consists of cells including humans in amy stage of development . 
  if one things that an embryo is a human , which technically it is , it is murder that 's just a reality . 
  fact of the matter is that an embryo is a human in an early stage , which is concious months before it is born and it is not known when exactly an embryo starts to develop latter trait . 
  this does n't mean that i agree with the polish government on this matter and i am also not for a ban of abortions however what i am against is making kindergarden like statements about such an incredibly complex matter . 
  jake bugg and eric clipton are british and are not country musicians , bob dylan and jd mcpherson are american but not country musicians , graham parson , the flying burrito brothers , the byrds and hank williams iii are more countryrock than country though at least hank williams iii first album can be classified as country . 
  johnny cash is pretty much the only pure american country musician you named there . 
  it is not really all that popular here but there are people who like country music , including me . 
  you do n't know johnny cash ? 
  so according to you pretty much every single major and credible historian is wrong but the dubious people , often from german nationalists wing , who peddle the same absurd theory you are pushing are right ? 
  since you are from romania and a lot of romanians are mad at hungarians and therefore usually also austria-hungary i am not particular suprised that you do n't shy away from spreading discredited theories just to blame austria-hungary for something negative . 
  then you seriously need to study history . 
  there is absolutely no doubt that germany bares the sole responsibility for both world wars . 
  as far as world war i is concerned . 
  austria-hungary did not want a war let alone a world war however they were tricked by the germans , who wanted to start a world war , which is also why they were n't prepared fir it and even had plans on how to start and win such a war as is appearent by plans like the [ schlieffen plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schlieffen_plan ) . 
  austria did n't even want to fight a war against serbia but the germans , who were also instrumental in austria-hungary emposing an ultimatum in serbia , advised them to do so and gave them confidence by promising their support . 
  however when austria started the war against serbia germany immediately provoced the world war they wanted by declaring war in russia , which was just saber rattling at the point germany declared war on them and a little later in france . 
  german miscalculated in a major way though as they thought that austria-hungary , which again did not want a war let alone a not a world war and therefore was n't prepared for one especially not a world war , was much stronger militarily than it was . 
  as far as world war ii is concerned hitler hitler was n't even able to attend the academy of fine arts vienna the germans made him big . 
  these kinds of rankings are mostly useless if you want to know why look at what they are based on . 
  things like quotations per professor or nobel laureates teaching got little to do with the actual quality of the university especially since a university in itself is usually divided into several faculties all of which tend to vary in quality as well . 
  your comment is still wrong . 
  he was never german but was a salzburger and therefore an austrian as again salzburg is now part if austria . 
  nationalism is , historically speaking , a relatively new phenomenon and back then the word `` german '' was used extremely loosely and it was more focused in language . 
  by the way you use the same argument german nationalists use when they argue about mozart 's nationality so instead of looking at dubious sources you should talk to an actual historian about this . 
  mozart was austrian and he was never german . 
  if anything he was a salzburger but that country , which the habsburgs had a lot of influence on , does not exist anymore and is now part of austria therefore he was an austrian . 
  you are peddeling pseudohistoric nonsense and pretty much any major and serious historian would disagree with your assesment and probably only dubious german nationalistic historic revisionists would share your opinion . 
  bush and blair are both war criminals and the invasion should have never happened . 
  also i am pretty sure that a lot of people living in iraq diasagree with the notion that they were liberated as the situation is much worse there today . 
  these things [ have always happened and the number of those incidents have been rising for a while as well ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/jun/11/polish-people-rise-in-attacks-blame-recession-politicians-media ) , which got a lot to do with the bad economy and a lot more migrants living in the uk . 
  the question is whether they have increased in a major and unexpected way or not and so far i have not seen a credible statistic that suggests that . 
  there is no actual evidence for that . 
  i have yet to see a credible statistic , which backs up that claim . 
  it is blown out of proportion and so far there is no actual evidence that these kinds of attacks have actually increased in a major way . 
  in my opinion the media reports them more often , which leads to the impression that they are rising . 
  schnitzel and strudel are common dishes across austria though . 
  i do n't think that such a conflict would spread as this is a local issue . 
  overall i think that the conflict has to be driven by a policy issue f.e the eu tells every eu country to take in at least one million refugees because if a right-wing politician is elected it does spark left-wing riots but right wingers are usually sitting at home laughing at the spectacle and moderates mostly tend to be either amused or annoyed . 
  why would that happen ? 
  a reason would be helpful in order to answer this question . 
  we use the term `` gesundheit '' in such a situation . 
  the center is austria . 
  going by the old name for the non-bavarian part i would say bavaria = friend , prussia = enemy . 
  though it might not be a piece of the actual lance of longinus i would say that just because of its historical significance the [ holy lance ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/heilige_lanze_f.jpg ) is also quite a nice piece . 
  not just one . 
  [ make austria great again ] ( http://www.cee-portal.at/bilderordner/maps/oestrreich-ungarn-1815-1919.jpg ) . 
  i have yet to be accosted by a religious person but i have been harassed by militant atheist multiple times even when i was on vacation in london and i did nothing to warrant that , they even stop you on the streets and even if you do n't want to talk to them they follow you , try to convince you how great atheism is and throw around insults if you tell them to leave you alone , knock on doors and preach on the street , though i am fine with the latter two as i m not really annoyed by that the first thing i named is just rude . 
  furthermore we currently got a militant atheist chopping down summit crosses in bavaria , very close to austria and sometimes they even start political campaigns and then they annoy people for months on end . 
  regaining sovereignity , changing the political system or a change of the borders is not the same as being recognized as a sovereign country for the first time . 
  there is the same issue with austria , which technically speaking is one of the oldest nations in europe but was occupied as well . 
  the funny thing is that he sometimes links statements that are completely accurate . 
  greece and italy , especially sicily . 
  actually they do . 
  to outline some of the reasons why : the uk is exporting way less to the eu than it is importing and has an anual trade deficit with the eu of over a hundred billion dollars . 
  in addition to that the uk export to the eu has been in steady decline for years now . 
  brexit enables them to form new partnerships with the other commonwealth countries , the us , china and a lot of developing economies . 
  due to the uk economy being heavily service based they are also more flexible in that regard . 
  in addition to that financial services will stay in the uk as the uk is the only european country using common law and has the most connections to tax shelters as well . 
  the devaluation of the currency also boosts the economy in important areas such as tourism and export and some foreign goods being more expensive due to the devaluation leads to less imports and more compensation buys from products from the uk . 
  the eu and especially the germany are heavily dependent on export to the uk and would loose billions of dollars and millions of jobs if they put restrictions on trade with the uk while the uk would just have to go through a transition period . 
  of course this does not mean that it would n't be better for the uk to maintain trade relations as they still export a lot to the eu , which some of their industries needs but what i am saying is that the eu would take more damage if there were no trade relations , which by the way is not even a realistic scenario . 
  it is interesting that you label people as stupid yet you are not informed yourself . 
  since i am tired of talking about this i wo n't spend more time on this discussion aside this comment as it is just a waste of time . 
  you keep talking as if they were all the same , which is simply not the case . 
  there are stupid and ignorant people on both sides and as far as the single market access without the free movement of people is concerned they actually might be able to get such a deal as the uk has tremendous leverage on the eu . 
  people tend to forget how big of an economy the uk actually is and how much money eu countries are making off trade with the uk . 
  many people may not like that and i understand that the eu is in a difficult situation regarding this but the uk is a special case but let 's not start a discussion about brexit here though this is getting tiresome especially since people have already voted . 
  i can pull up equally stupid and ignorant quotes from remain voters a lot of which voted based on one issue , emotions or fear as well just like the leave voters f.e some of the remaining voters championed the idea to ban old people from voting , which was based on a wrong poll to begin with , which is not only arrogant but also quite undemocratic and i have also seen some remain supporters , who had no idea about economists and in particular trade . 
  brexit is a complex issue and arguments can be made for both sites . 
  you labelled all leave voters as retards . 
  brexit is an extremely complex issue and there are probably and cons on both sides , neither solution can be labeled as the right one at this point . 
  i also think that there are valid concerns as far as immigration is concerned and not all of the people , who are concerned about it are racists or xenophobia most likely not even a lot of them but a small fringe group . 
  furthermore people on both sites were probably either one issue votets and mostly voted based on fear and emotion . 
  it made the eu bigger not the continent and the buffer zone was agreed upon after the soviet union had collapsed while also several rebuilding programs were put in place . 
  it actually increased the tensions as venturing in these regions of course violates agreements the west had with russia , which wants a buffer zone as well especially since joining the eu and joining nato often go alongside in the case of eastern europe . 
  as far as inner european crime is concerned if you look at the crime statistics it actually made europe less safe in that regard as well . 
  objectively speaking there were no benefits to the fast expansion into eastern europe but you are from eastern europe so of course you wo n't accept that , which is understandable . 
  bulgaria is arguably the new greece as far as tourism is concerned and one of the fastest growing tourist destinations in europe and profits massively from the crises in greek , which lead to companies moving there and of course they also profit from granting big corporations tax loopholes . 
  this proves that you have never even looked at the data . 
  by the way bulgaria still profits from its weak currency as i said before . 
  this is complete nonsense . 
  a week currency affects all those factors and of course having a week currency increases competitiveness this is also why china and japan devalue it . 
  abenomics , which has increased japan 's exports massively is purely based on currency devaluation . 
  this is economists 101 . 
  since you have no clue what you are talking about and i do n't feel like explaining economics 101 here is a relatively good explanation of the matter however it is focused on the us : https://www.thebalance.com/strong-dollar-or-weak-dollar-which-is-best-3141203 , which is more important heavy and therefore tends to profit from a stronger currency . 
  this is completely false and the fact that you talk about how exports are paid for in europe shows that you know nothing about the subject because this got nothing to do with internal economic dynamics caused by a weak currency . 
  you usually do n't pay in yen for a japanese car either but if japan were to adopt the euro they would go bankrupt . 
  private businesses also profit from using the effects of a weak currency while doing business in a strong currency . 
  anyone who knows anything about economics knows that that is true . 
  i ca n't do anything about the fact that eastern europeans are offended by that fact . 
  actually it is how it works . 
  the countries you listed did take a hit in some areas but are for the most part tourism heavy , really small and can be more easily subsidised or were previously extremely economically unstable and stability from the euro alongside subsidies help them . 
  also bulgaria still profits from its week currency .
