while it is true that some people try to excuse their hated for jews as hatred for zionism this is not the case with hezbollah , which , as i said , is against zionism but not judaism . 
  as far as apostates are concerned the iranian government generally uses the definition i gave in my previous comment here however you are right about that there were some cases in which reformists were punished as apostates . 
  hezbollah is not against jews though they are against zionism not judaism and an apostate is someone who left islam so that 's pretty straightforward . 
  actually jews are a protected minority in iran and the iranian government usually does n't go after atheists either . 
  jews even stay there despite israel offering them money to move to israel . 
  iran does persecute apostates though . 
  of course iran is not a standard-bearer as far as human rights are concerned but compared to some other countries in the middle east it is actually not all too bad there and in my opinion iran 's reputation is way worse than it should be especially in the us . 
  iran is actually not as bad as people make it out to be . 
  countries like saudi arabia and qatar are much worse . 
  actually it is not . 
  it is quite the opposite if you read books by actual experts on this subject matter . 
  this is the most idiotic thing i have heard in a while . 
  learning about religion in its different forms has nothing to do with a state or an education being secular . 
  it is actually very useful to understand certain cultures and in somemcases even history and it is part of a solid general education . 
  by the way in the article a muslim teacher is also raising the poinz that in islamic schools teching the religious education is one of the most effecrive tools to prevent that young people become radicalized and prevent that they get drawn to someone teaching a radical version of islam . 
  he is actually a left-wing politician . 
  i would have probably never found out about this interesting website if it was posted in there and there is no reason why this post is not appropriate for r/europe . 
  the person that is not respecting the culture of the country he or she is visiting is way more ridiculous . 
  the first sentence is going to trigger quite a few danes :  there 's only one thing that can save the american dream , and that 's ** socialism ** . 
  italy is one of the six founding countries . 
  they would . 
  the first elections in austria were held long before the monarchy was abolished in austria . 
  at least viktor orb\u00e1n has the courage to stand up for his people internationally and does n't give in to pressure like a typical spineless politician would do . 
  i recommend that you watch [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/uj69xxunto8 ) . 
  why would there be a new election next year when they have a majority now ? 
  you need to do some research on the conflict in syria . 
  the people protesting were mostly radical islamists that were calling for a caliphate under sharia and were anything but peaceful . 
  it is not our fault that germans have such low standards . 
  in austria hitler was n't even able to attend the academy of fine arts vienna the germans made him big . 
  what is supposedly going on here ? 
  germany did not even exist back then . 
  they were austrian troops as the holy roman empire was the predecessor of austria . 
  isis leaders have publicly said that they are going to use the refugee crisis to smuggle terrorists into europe as early as 2014 and have said said that this was their plan multiple times since . 
  i do n't hate italy or italians , actually quite the opposite but as someone who is quite interested in history there are two things i do n't like about italy but they are of no real relevance to italy or its people today : 1 . ), 
  italy stabbed austria-hungary in the back in wwi . 
  as a result of that betrayal italy has received parts of austria-hungary after wwi it should not have gotten . 
  the us are dictating european foreign policy through nato , the imf , the world bank and other means that 's a well established fact and fairly obvious . 
  american leaders are even openly bragging about that fact . 
  england is a [ country ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/england ) as well as a [ city ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/england,_arkansas ) . 
  you should have googled whether england is a country or a city before making fun of austrians for doing so . 
  take them back or join austria for austria-hungary 2.0 and then we can legally send them back to our new neighbours . 
  hardly anyone is using `` guten tag '' as a greeting in austria and in my opinion it is quite akward to do so and personally i immediately get a bad vibe when someone greets me that way . 
  people of all religions as well as atheists , even hardcore militant atheists , usually use `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' as it is just a traditional greeting and not a religious confession sort of like `` oh mein gott '' or `` oh my god '' are not really meant in a religious way . 
  i guess it would be more ok for a tourist to use it than a local but i still would n't recommend it . 
  where i live pretty much the only one using `` guten tag '' as a greeting more regularly is the head of the local branch of the communist party of austria though even she does n't use it all the time . 
  people sometimes to use `` guten morgen '' in the morning and `` guten abend '' in the evening and some though depending on the region use `` mahlzeit '' at noon though those three greetings do n't cover the entire day and it is far easier to just use `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' throughout the whole day and in some cases even more appropriate . 
  i would say that there are more differences between the austrian german and german standard german than between british english and american english . 
  we speak austrian german , which is one of the three standard german language variaties and there are several dialects of austrian german , which compared to each other are quite different in itself . 
  the differences also depend on the region though as bavarian german , which some also call austro bavarian is also different from the language the other parts of germany speaks and more similar to some austrian dialects but also austrian german itself . 
  generally speaking if you compare the german that is spoken in germany there are differences in the vocabulary , word and grammar usage as well as the pronunciation . 
  of course we usually understand each other as there are quite a ton of similarities but they are not as similar as it is sometimes portrait . 
  i actually sent a northern german something i had written and he understood most of the text but not all of it and said that i was missing words , that my word usage was way off and that the sentences partly made no sense when in fact all there was to it was just the difference between austrian german and german standard german . 
  there is even a austrian german dictionary . 
  it does n't translate to that it would be more like `` greet god '' , meaning `` god shall greet you '' but as far as english greetings go any of them is fine and i would probably recommend using `` hello '' or `` hi '' . 
  mostly `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' . 
  i would recommend using `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' as it is the most common greeting . 
  we also use `` servus '' but often in variations sounding more like `` seas '' and is not as prominently used across austria . 
  you do n't have to leave the eu if you leave the eurozone and the eu ca n't force someone to leave the eu either . 
  the hammer and sickle the eagle in the austrian flag is holding do n't actually stand for communism or even socialism though . 
  together with the crown the eagle is wearing these symbols stand for the following three groups the bourgeoisie , the workers and the peasants . 
  indirect elections do not result in more competent politicians . 
  almost non of these attackers live according to sharia . 
  it is a conspiracy and incompetent politicians are used as puppets to carry it out . 
  they are not going to . 
  there are plenty of loopholes elsewhere , which wo n't be closed anytime soon f.e they could move to bulgaria , we ca n't just forbid companies to sell products in the eu especially not from allies like the us , we still want and in some cases need their products and furthermore forbidding them to sell products in the eu could cost the european economy billions and could result in hundreds of thousands of people if not millions losing their job . 
  the fact that the article above is literally from a propaganda outlet run by the us in the form of the broadcasting board of governors and the cia , which was founded to rile up eastern europeans against russia to gain influence through divide and conquer and push the idea of russian agression as well as the concept of the permanent russian threat makes your comment especially the part where you make broad and inaccurate statements about political ideologies really quite ironic . 
  the uk is exporting way less to the eu than it is importing and has an anual trade deficit with the eu of over a hundred billion dollars . 
  in addition to that the uk export to the eu has been in steady decline for years now . 
  brexit enables them to form new partnerships with the other commonwealth countries , the us , china and a lot of developing economies . 
  due to the uk economy being heavily service based they are also more flexible in that regard . 
  in addition to that financial services will stay in the uk as the uk is the only european country using common law and has the most connections to tax shelters as well . 
  the devaluation of the currency also boosts the economy in important areas such as tourism and export and some foreign goods being more expensive due to the devaluation leads to less imports and more compensation buys from products from the uk . 
  the eu and especially the germany are heavily dependent on export to the uk and would loose billions of dollars and millions of jobs if they put restrictions on trade with the uk while the uk would just have to go through a transition period . 
  of course this does not mean that it would n't be better for the uk to maintain trade relations as they still export a lot to the eu , which some of their industries needs but what i am saying is that the eu would take more damage if there were no trade relations , which by the way is not even a realistic scenario . 
  this is also why the uk has tremendous leverage over the eu in negotiations , which might actually lead to them maintaining access to the single market while also not allowing free movement of people . 
  they are just going to leave then . 
  it is funny how you talk about people supposedly being misinformed yet you spew almost nothing but nonsense and propaganda . 
  * hillary clinton is actually corrupt and working for wall street . 
  your comment is 1:1 the defense of the clinton campaign and not even accurate as bernie sanders did bring up wall street reform as one issue where she was clearly influenced by wall street donations . 
  by the way this is not even a new accusation just listen to what people of her own party had to say about this in the past : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12mj-u76nfg * hillary clinton is using colin powell as an excuse . 
  she set up her own e-mail server , which is unprecetented . 
  there is simply no comparable case . 
  * the generals working with her have described her as extremely hawkish and as always going for the most hawkish option . 
  she is a war criminal and also responsible for the war in libya , which was based on nothing but lies . 
  one of the lies she kept peddling about libya , the lie about black mercenaries , actually led to black genocide in libya , which was conducted by the people she was supporting there and she did n't stop peddling that lie when she was informed about that fact as her e-mails prove . 
  * trump also did not go bankrupt personally four of his over five hundred businesses did and they were put into bankrupcy for restructuring . 
  this is not about incompetence but using thebankruptcy laws for personal gain . 
  it might not be the right thing to do but it is quite common and says little about the competence of an individual . 
  * trump would not have more money if he would gave invested the money he has received from his father in an index fund anyone , who knows a little bit about finance knows this . 
  this is a completely bogus claim that has been falsified many times . 
  here is a good breakdown on why this claim is nonsense : https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2015-09-03/should-donald-trump-have-indexed - . 
  * there are legitimate criticisms about trump university but the accusations about the trump foundation are mostly without real substance if you look into them f.e they accuses him of donating 100000 $ to veterans through the foundation as part of a settlement when the settlement said that that was exactly what he was obliged to do . 
  if you want to talk about scams you should look at the clintons , who by the way have not only used dubious schemes to make money themselves but also have supported scams . 
  also if you want to talk about morality you should talk about how hillary clinton fought hard to keep the minimum wage in haiti below 0,61 $ , how she is a war criminal , hiw ger husban starved over 500k iraqi children with sanctions etc. . * it is hard to argue that trump is a sexist for treating men the same as women . 
  he has also more women working for him in senior positions than men and has been hiring women for executive positions when that was practically unheard of in the building industrie . 
  * he has not credibly been charged with rape . 
  his ex-wife accused him of rape when they were getting a divorce , which she later admitted was a bogus claim and there were a couple lawsuits in which he was accused of rape , which turned out to be fraudulent . 
  if you want to talk about rape and abusive men you should talk bill cinton and hillary clinton , who has not only bashed people inclusing monica lewinsky for talking about bill clinton 's abusive behavior and let 's talk about hillary clinton accusing a twelve year old girl of lying while defending a pedophile , who has raped that girl : https://www.youtube.com/watch?=1&amp;v=tor00iwuhdq . 
  * there is no actual evidence that trump is a racist and he is actually quite the contrary as he has supported jessie jackson , affirmative action , the civil rights movement etc. 
  in the past and has put people of minorities in charge of big projects for his company for decades .
