that 's interesting . 
  i was n't aware the 1949 act was still in force . 
  however , this is a case of semantics , or the de facto superseding the de jure , because the roi is recognised by the international community as being an independent country and a sovereign nation , and the uk has not , as far as i 'm aware made any attempt to impose or enforce any legislation within the roi . 
  true . 
  many eu countries have a mandatory id requirement . 
  it may be that the roi is like the uk in that nobody is obliged to carry id . 
  and in the uk , there is no such thing as a national identity card . 
  the roi is obviously a separate country , but the relationship between the roi and the uk is complicated . 
  uniquely , irish citizens have always been allowed to live in the uk and vote in uk elections . 
  a passport is not required when travelling between the countries , even though neither country is part of the schengen agreement . 
  citizens of northern ireland can choose whether to have a british or irish passport , or both . 
  the british view is that the term `` the british isles '' is a geographic term , not a political one . 
  the island of ireland ( like the isle of man ) is one of the hundreds of islands that make up the british isles . 
  well , most of my experience is with french schools - my first words were in spanish , but i left spain when i was still very young . 
  france is slightly obsessed the us , whereas the spanish have a healthy disdain for the english-speaking usurpers of the new world . 
  conversely , the french resent the english ( for conquering them in the 100 year 's war and burning joan of arc , for not collapsing to the germans 3 times from 1870 until 1940 , for liberating them in 1944 , for winning the global lingua franca contest etc ) and thus many young french people who speak english do so with an american accent . 
  there is no shame for a frenchman speaking `` american '' . 
  also the spanish respect british english because they share the same situation of being the `` original '' speakers of their language , the colonisers , who are no longer in control of their language because the population of their erstwhile colonies now dwarfs their own , just like the english . 
  let me simplify my point . 
  as language evolves , and cultures come and go , place names change . 
  although londonderry has only been the official name of the town since the 1620s , `` derry '' is n't the original name either . 
  how far back do you want to go ? 
  hey , this is just banter so do n't take it to heart ( cabron ! ), 
  as it happens i lived in spain ( and france , and belgium ) when i was growing up , so i am aware that american english has more `` traction '' than british english in schools in many eu countries . 
  we are both lucky that we have experienced growing up in different cultures , it gives you a much broader perspective of the world . 
  but did you grow up in the uk , and if so , where ? 
  both terms are equally correct , but they are very specific differentiators between american and british english . 
  dude , you appear to have cilantro growing out of your faucet . 
  the booty line is that no true brit would ever ... could ever , say `` math '' . 
  shudder . 
  by the same token london should presumably revert to londinium , since it was a settlement that evolved during the roman occupation of britain ? 
  and of course ireland should only be referred to as hibernia . 
   leave it on the sidewalk ? 
  you mean pavement . 
  impostor status confirmed . 
   what i mean is the pm does n't need permission from parliament . 
  seeing as the house of commons expressly voted against bombing syria in august 2013 , i think cameron could be in contempt of parliament if he decided to go ahead anyway . 
  there is the small question of legality . 
  i know it 's not fashionable , but without un security council agreement , bombing syria without their consent would be contrary to international law . 
  the americans may not care about this , but we should . 
  you actually think an `` urgent humanitarian case '' can be resolved by dropping bombs on people ? 
  the vote last year is nothing more than a minor setback for our weasel of a prime minister . 
  cameron now has permission to bomb iraq , and also syria without a house of commons vote , if there is an `` urgent humanitarian case '' for it . 
  in other words , it 's a done deal . 
  father christmas is historically correct for england , and definitely still more popular in southern england . 
  maybe it 's an rp thing . 
  santa claus is a tacky american interloper , and is only referred to as `` santa '' . 
  i am sure some french people may think this is why the english are called rosbifs , but they do n't know their history !, 
  i strongly suspec the `` bifes '' is copied from the french derogatory term for the british ( in particular the english ) of `` les rosbifs '' . 
  as far as i 'm aware this dates from the 18th century , and is related to the fact that england ( a very affluent country due to the industrial revolution ) , did produce and consume vast quantities of beef at that time . 
  beef would have been a considerable luxury for most french people , and the name `` rosbif '' was a sarcastic reference to the english obsession with beef ( the roast beef of old england etc ) . 
  i would add that just like `` uncle sam '' is the personification of america , the distinctly bovine `` john bull '' is the personification of england . 
   how does that support your bigoted and jingoistic claim on the stolen islands ? 
  virtually all of the new world was `` stolen '' from its indigenous inhabitants by imperialist europeans , including the part which became argentina . 
  at least the falklanders can say no ** native inhabitants ** were killed , displaced , or otherwise inconvenienced by the arrival of their ancestors . 
  i think this is a convenient moment to snigger about the contribution of `` bulgaria '' to the english language . 
   brits had to hide in those tunnels when germany sent its bombers to target civilians during the war . 
  they , at least , had somewhere to hide . 
  the citizens of dresden were n't so lucky . 
   we are now seemingly as villified as the russians on this sub !, 
  suggesting the russians deserve to be vilified !? 
  honestly , pull yourself together . 
  no mystery . 
  i 've probably just encountered a wider spectrum of the class system than most people . 
  bravo . 
  but alongside modern socio-economic class divisions there is another , more entrenched class system that you do n't understand . 
   nope , started lower class and clawed my way up . 
  figures . 
  just so you know , asking/expecting someone to take off their shoes inside is very non-u . 
   there 's a lot of faux-british and gross people in here by the look of it today . 
  there 's a gulf between the upper/upper-middle class and the rest . 
  you do n't recognise that world because it is n't your milieu . 
   i do n't know which degenerate brits you know but in my experience it 's very rude to wear your shoes inside . 
  that 's simply nonsense . 
  posh people do n't give a shit , so you 're probably lower middle or perhaps middle-middle class . 
  and you have probably have tea rather than supper . 
  and you think the russian authorities have been telling you the truth ? 
  wake up . 
  your forebears were smart enough not to believe russian lies about what happened at katyn , but your generation have forgotten a valuable lesson . 
  putin models himself on stalin , and smolensk was an echo of katyn . 
  in french `` bouffe '' is a food term , equivalent to the us english `` chow '' ( and equivalents ) . 
  like chow , it is both a verb and a noun . 
  it appears you are correct !, 
  you seem to have missed the fact that hollande 's comment is a retort to cameron 's impolitic invitation to wealthy french taxpayers to come and live in the uk . 
  because of this , i think hollande 's comment is both amusing and justified . 
   i learnt yesterday that britain spends # 100m a year on olympic athletes . 
  check your sources . 
  i do n't speak bulgarian . 
  there again , nor does anyone else . 
   i 've never bought anything produced in england or the uk . 
  yet somehow you 're able to speak the language of our small and insignificant country . 
  or did you think the english language originated in the usa ? 
  you silly [ bugger ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=bugger ) . 
  so why should british museums give back cultural artifacts ? 
  if there is a moral/cultural obligation it applies to everyone . 
  in a word , yes . 
  as a brit , i really think the quality of bbc news ( television and website ) has dropped off a cliff in the last few years . 
  it 's a crying shame , frankly . 
   what we do hold against the french that is that we ca n't communicate with them in english when we 're on vacation . 
  ;-) made me chuckle .
