  i spend a lot of time in france and the generally quoted stats about french people 's fluency in english are completely overstated . 
  only a small percentage of french people can speak even basic conversational english . 
  cinemas , yes . 
  but about half of french tv content is dubbed english language programmes . 
  i mean , have you ever seen a programme on french tv in english ? 
  more to the point , how overvalued is paul krugman ? 
  so no data on english ancestry . 
  bit of an oversight , no ? 
  italy under mussolini [ `` colonised '' abyssinia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_italo-abyssinian_war ) very briefly ( 1936-41 ) . 
  in 1938 the french and british recognised italy 's colonial control over the country but changed their mind at the start of world war ii , and kicked them out shortly thereater , reinstating the former emperor haile selassie . 
  you can tell the stall is from a german fair because they use the term `` frenchfries '' as a single word - snort . 
  sillygermans with your allthetime compoundnouns . 
  i think you 're being unrealistic - this table is really a measure of the most `` high profile '' universities , not the best , per se . 
  the very strong showing of uk unis in the `` top 100 '' has a great deal to do with the prevalence of english as the lingua franca of academia . 
  since 64 % of the universities in the list are in english speaking countries , and they are more likely to cite each other , this must skew the results . 
  it was a sarcastic response to your question about `` threats '' . 
  are you autistic , or something ? 
  where did i even mention envisaging `` threats '' ? 
  these are entirely your words , you utter plonker . 
  what i said was that moving tanks out of the uk put them beyond use for self-defence . 
  this is a statement of fact and it does n't need to be qualified by the provision of a list of hypothetical aggressors and predicted invasion dates . 
  well , you would need to ask the uk ministry of defence what they were specifically commissioned for !, 
  even without knowing the answer , you can still surmise that moving large amounts of military hardware from one location to another seems to suggest that the mod has reassessed whatever threat assumptions were initially made . 
  either that or they are planning to use that hardware for non-defensive purposes . 
  the mod owns thousands of square kilometres of land in the uk - to suggest that they will be selling so much of it that they will need to move tanks to another country seems a little unbelievable ? 
  the same threats that informed the decision to buy these tanks in the first place ? 
  so , we 've decommissioned of all our aircraft carriers , disposed of our harrier jump-jets , and now we are putting our tanks beyond use for self-defence purposes ? 
  or are we just planning an overland invasion of russia ? 
  there 's some weird stuff going on here . 
  more of the usual deep-fried in batter , pie-in-the-sky talk from this dishonest demagogue . 
  what a wanker . 
  your 345th cup of the day ? 
  britain does n't want a fiscal union , but it was prepared to sign up to this new treaty with two or three conditions . 
  is this really egotistical ? 
  sarko decided to play hardball and refused to allow the uk its conditions , so the uk backed out . 
  my belief is that sarko fucked-up . 
  he overplayed his hand , thinking the brits might cave in , and frankly , not caring if they did n't . 
  but i 'm guessing there are plenty of people ( possibly even angela ) who are none too happy with sarko shutting out the brits , because the new treaty-within-a-treaty is a political , legal and administrative nightmare . 
  yes , this is realpolitik , unfortunately . 
  in an ideal world , of course , judges would deliver impartial verdicts , and this might entail voting against their own country . 
  in practice , this is too much to ask , so the only solution is that icj judges should be recused from judging in cases where their own nations are involved in the case . 
  if neutral referees are deemed necessary in international football matches , then they should also be in international legal disputes . 
  very good point . 
  of course , the border between northern ireland ( uk ) and the republic of ireland is not controlled , as far as i know , so the uk is a hybrid . 
  you make a very good point , actually . 
  in the uk , people do not have carry identification , and the police do not have the authority to demand to see it . 
  the corollary to that is that the uk has relatively `` strong '' border controls . 
  the question is , do you prefer that your domestic police can demand your id or only border police when you travel abroad ? 
  i know which i prefer . 
  well spotted . 
  they did not adequately `` consult the other contracting parties '' - it was a surprise to germany . 
  also , unless this unilateral action does prove to be for `` a limited period '' then it will be a repudiation , under the terms of the agreement . 
  only time will tell . 
  correction . 
  the new danish government is saying this to assuage the germans who were upset with their `` repudiation '' of the schengen agreement . 
  if this `` rolling back '' actually happens in reality , i would be surprised . 
  technically , your very `` belgian '' response is correct , but only because nothing in the eu is quite as it seems . 
  the whole premise of the schengen agreement is zero intra-schengen border control , so denmark 's decision to re-introduce intra-schengen border control is a repudiation of that agreement . 
  this is out of date , dudes . 
  denmark has suspended its membership of the schengen agreement . 
  edit : forgot to mention , greece has been ejected and is now part of the african union . 
  the press and politicians in some eu countries are criticising germany for not allowing the ecb to start printing trillions of euros out of thin air in order to pay for bailouts . 
  whether this refusal is `` arrogance '' or just `` common sense '' depends on how much shit your economy is in . 
  i am speaking for myself ( english , but lived abroad for a long time ) but i think most brits ' feeling of european-ness exists in parallel with a sense of `` anglosphere '' kinship . 
  this is partly cultural , but mainly because it is much easier to relate to someone who speaks the same language , than someone who does n't understand a word you say . 
  except in english-english , as spoken by english people , from england , it is definitely `` kerb '' ( in this context ) . 
  we only use `` curb '' in the sense of `` curb your enthusiasm '' . 
  ah , yes of course ... the faroe islands . 
  although this is an interesting site , there seem to be some strange anomalies . 
  it suggests that large numbers of people emigrate from the uk to the philippines - 150,000 during the whatever period this is supposed to cover . 
  i can say flat out that this is probably an error of two orders of magnitude . 
  the only surprise in these rankings is india . 
  the majority of indians still have low levels of literacy and obviously do n't speak english , but india still has millions of very competent english speakers amongst the educated classes . 
  an educated indian is almost certain to be competent in english - this is not necessarily the case anywhere else apart from the nordic countries . 
  i agree . 
  the japanese may spend a lot of time learning english , but their actual ability to speak it is very poor . 
  the chinese are going to be exactly the same . 
  i agree . 
  the japanese may spend a lot of time learning english , but their actual ability to speak it is very poor . 
  the chinese are going to be exactly the same . 
  if you want to see just how fast the non-mediterranean eu countries can leave the union and set up a rival northern european union , then , yes . 
  europe 's brought peace , has it ? 
  oh my , that 's a good one , i must remember that . 
  wtf . 
  anyone stupid enough to claim that should be whipped to within an inch of their life . 
  wait , do people outside the us refer to ( non-american ) black people as `` african american '' ? 
  did you really ask that question ? 
  are you completely retarded ? 
  of course they do n't . 
  why would they ? 
  this could get nasty ... 
  `` we would throw the tear-gas back ? '', 
  do n't make me laugh - most americans would n't riot if their lives depended on it . 
  also , a terrible article . 
  simple demographics show that france , italy and most other eu countries do need to reform their incredibly generous state pension systems . 
  that would be a no . 
  good luck with this one . 
  not nearly as much as the french banks . 
   sarkozy `` threatened to pull france out of euro '' for ... french banks . 
  ftfy .
