i completely forgot that fact . 
  thanks for the heads up , edited . 
  edit : music, 
  honestly , i 'm still amazed at the pure logistics of the british empire at it 's height . 
  it 's actually astounding that it was able to be as organized as it was . 
  also for you : shakespeare , magna carta , top gear , canada, 
  i 'd pay to watch 2 hours of hans landa doing the same thing he did in the opening interrogation scene on the farm . 
  it 's crazy how interesting such a simple scene and setting can be when your actors are on point . 
  i remember being utterly entranced by monica bellucci as a 13 year old when matrix reloaded came out . 
  the woman is drop dead gorgeous, 
  all jokes aside that 's fucking gorgeous, 
  some credit should be given to texans in this instance . 
  if they were n't as boisterous about their state as they are , i imagine more people would n't know about their geography . 
  mistaking england and france is unforgivable , though . 
  they literally fought against each other when our country was formed ffs, 
  somewhat related to tourists : how is it seen if a tourist who speaks english tries to speak norwegian when visiting norway ? 
  i know in some countries it 's best to use the native language whenever possible , and in others they 'll simply respond to you in english instead of hearing you fumble around for words . 
  just curious . 
  what is it about brits specifically ? 
  what 's the stereotype ? 
  did you tell him ? 
  ca n't trust us americans to keep the secret , so i applaud your discretion . 
  on the opposite end of the spectrum , i 've had europeans ask similar things about america . 
  it 's a fair question . 
  i 've always wondered why you instilled a monarchy when you already have a democratic government . 
  why am i automatically assuming every tourist mentioned in this thread is american, 
  `` ireland ? 
  what part of the uk is that ? '', 
  ha who uses git , everyone knows the best form of version control is emailing . txt files to your coworkers, 
  yeah i was joking haha, 
  milk first is the only true way of mixing tea edit : ^ i ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ joking, 
  you win this time , clever swede . 
  well played . 
  `` the circonflexe should be removed because it 's useless '', 
  `` so paris is most important part of france right ? '', 
  [ top pronunciation is ( i assume ) `` kex '' ] ( https://forvo.com/word/kex/ ) fite me m8, 
  but what about my \u5993\u5973 tattoo . 
  it 's really cool because it means `` faithful '' . 
  it 's not like other tattoos , it really has a deeper meaning that took me 3 seconds of google searching to find . 
  yes but how has your opinion changed in the last 30 minutes, 
  i feel like the usa is the brash younger brother and the uk is the measured but passive aggressive older brother who follows his younger brother into all of his street fights . 
  discover some oil and the usa will be like that friend who only comes around to play your nintendo system . 
  but hey , it 's * someone * . 
  `` norwegian goodbye '' is like the second in that `` you say you 're leaving but that process takes 30 minutes of small talking and gradually walking to the door '' here in the midwest of usa . 
  which i find funny because stereotypically are n't actual norwegians supposed to be much more tight lipped ? 
  `` polish entry '' could be `` barging in unannounced '' and it would be accurate historically . 
  oh yeah , for sure . 
  one of the funniest moments i remember of my french teacher was when we were discussing good cheese and i said `` so how does american cheese stack up against all these other cheeses ? 
  i personally think american cheese is the best . '', 
  she looked at me as if i had just kicked her dog . 
  i ended saying i was joking , but i 'll never forget that face . 
  i 've only ever met french people who have come to the states , but the best teacher i 've ever had was a french woman teaching french class . 
  her and every french exchange student came off as very kind and easy to get along with . 
  also , french accents are very pleasant to listen to . 
  yeah hero praise for the military is totally * lame * , right guys ? 
  who 'd ever want to do that ... edit : obligatory / s, 
  tbh it still cracks me up every time i see it . 
  that and the british empire banter never cease to get a chuckle out of me . 
  what are the common drinks people have in sweden ? 
  is wine more popular ? 
   number 1 at drinking beer i 'm sure this will be a civil comment chain . 
  thanks !, 
  every day is st pattys day back on the emerald isle right ? 
  oh man , did i tell you that i love potatoes too ? 
  i do a * killer * leprechaun accent . 
  so were you ever in the ira ? 
  ^ ^ maximum ^ ^ triggering, 
  as a yank myself , i feel it 's my duty to inform you that i 'm 1/4 irish . 
  i also dressed in green once and drank a guinness a few days ago . 
  so irish amirite . 
  * erin go bragh * ^ ^ / s ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ shoot, 
  next thing you 're going to tell me is that william wallace was n't born in the 1990s . 
  `` them frenchies are such cowards . 
  they only had one of the biggest empires to date in the modern world and acquired it through military domination . 
  bunch of pussies . '', 
  we are more ignorant and sheltered than self centered , if i 'm being honest . 
  american here who took 2 years of french , we learned angleterre as well as the standard name for the country . 
  never learned anything else . 
  state to state it is n't true , but region to region it 's a bit more true . 
  wisconsin , minnesota , and north dakota have a lot in common because they are in the same region . 
  however , mississippi , minnesota , oregon , and texas are all so far apart from each other that there are differences in culture ( local food , language , nationalities , etc ) edit : if i offended by something i said , i 'd love to hear it . 
  i thought my statement was relatively innocuous o.o, 
  i was stationed at raf lakenheath and i felt that exact sentiment about the local population . 
  we ( us air force members ) spent a * lot * of money in the local economy on housing , food , shopping , etc. 
  funny thing about german beer ( coming from an american ) : i was a punk 19 year old kid who had only had bud lite before i lived in europe for a few years . 
  some friends and i went to some restaurant to eat and i was not prepared for how strong and how much beer they served . 
  we had to take a taxi home that night . 
  fantastic country , i loved every minute of germany . 
  to be fair , fox news and it 's viewers end up bothering a lot of americans too , but i 'm sure you know that . 
  with regards to amsterdam , i have no proof to back this up but it * feels * like the view of amsterdam being this mecca of sex and drugs is falling away among americans ( especially with pot legalization in the usa in a few states ) . 
  this is purely anecdotal , but this is what it feels like to me . 
  the ones who see fascists as the good , would you say they 're usually the older generation or is it the younger generation ? 
  that 's very interesting , by the way . 
  i completely agree , i try to picture what it would be like to be an average resident of the uk at the darkest time in ww2 without any allies or plan going forward and i just think it 's incredible that they were able to be that courageous in spite of the situation . 
  just watched that , and it 's just a very interesting speech . 
  it strikes me as a matter-of-fact speech , not necessarily a passionate call to arms . 
  very interesting figure of history , he was . 
  i should 've added the addendum saying `` had n't entered the war on the side of the allies '' . 
  good point, 
  on a related note : what are the views of the average italian regarding ww2 ?
