that is a very nice way to blame gypsies for massive acts of violence and potentially genocide against them that have n't even started ocurring yet . 
  well , if they do , * you had it coming guys , it 's your fault we are every bit as savage as we claim you are . 
  not in germany , they disrespect or otherwise use their complete control of european law to make sure their interests come first . 
  eu warnings to poor countries are more important than national law and must be upheld regardless of that countries ' constitutional constraints . 
  eu warnings to germany are polite suggestions to be disregarded if convenient . 
  we are not talking about justice either when there are social and cultural obstacles to full equality between people . 
  pretty much every european country 's law already has special provisions for a lot of different people that do n't apply in general . 
  specifically children , the elderly , people who suffer from disabilities , people who struggle with poverty all have differentiated treatment under the law to accommodate for their specific needs , many of which are brought on by the existence of socially ingrained bigotry . 
  this law is in no way or form an oddity on a law that otherwise treats all people as equals . 
  no body of laws does that and it would bring on a much more unequal society if they did . 
  what `` equal before the law '' means is that all answer to the same laws and that no one is above having to comply to the law . 
  it does n't mean that there ca n't be specific laws affecting only a subset of people . 
  so should the law not acknowledge that some people , by virtue of gender , sexual orientation , colour of skin or nationality are less privileged than other people and somehow strive to protect these people and establish a more egalitarian situation in society by prosecuting bigotry and funding initiatives that promote social equality ? 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't think a country who is in a process of secession from another country needs to obey the constitution of the country it wants to separate for especially if that constitution was made to deny people the right of self determination and it is being used to take away the right to even vote to know if they want to secede or not . 
  how utterly stupid is it that it is up to the government of the country you wish to break free from to approve your referendum to know if your population wants to break free ? 
  my comment was meant to be tongue in cheek . 
   it 's difficult to ask about all so they pick some ** relevant ones ** plus a few random so why no portugal ? 
  we unsalt it before eating it . 
  why a codfish of course . 
  a jumbo sized , salted codfish . 
  the guy is defending fascist policy . 
  it do n't get more classy than that . 
  i would disagree with the idea that one has to follow all the rules of the quran and the hadiths to consider himself a muslim . 
  most reasonable muslims can understand the differences between the historical context in which the quran and the hadiths were written and the current historical context and act in conformity to that . 
  just like most christians who actively practice their faith ( by going to church and participating in a series of religious christian rituals ) can understand that the bible is not to be taken literally in most circumstances . 
  i think you are creating a dichotomy where there is in reality a spectrum of adherence to religious rules and how literally people interpret their holy texts . 
  that just because their holy texts mention that they have the duty to publicly denounce whatever you think every single muslim has to denouce they do n't actually have to do that and that it is unfair to attack them on it when every single reasonable from every religion disregards plenty of rules set forward on holy texts who are centuries old . 
  in fact , if they closely followed said rules they would rightfully be called extremists . 
  why ca n't they , like most of today 's christians , not live their life following exactly the rules their holy texts prescribe ? 
  non violent muslims are n't likely to be fundamentalists , so speaking about religious duty to them is like slapping a christian in the face and expecting him to turn the other cheek . 
  it seems to me we are just looking for excuses to attack muslims who did nothing wrong and justify those attacks on something terrible a radical islamic group is doing . 
  to me that is disrespectful to the victim of isis atrocities and to peaceful muslims worldwide who would never commit violent acts . 
  why should non violent muslims have to stop their daily activities because someone who is also a muslim is doing something awful elsewhere ? 
  i know my interlocutor has no arguments when he must resort to insult . 
  i 'm not offended . 
  i could n't possibly be . 
  i 'm not sure if you are joking or not , but dictatorial portuguese government did exactly this to anyone they deemed morally or politically incorrect , such as the communists . 
  it 's frightening to see the same line of thought resurface . 
   some human rights or some horse shit . 
  you have already got down to their level . 
  arrest him and accuse him of treason if he tries to get back in the country . 
  what would that do ? 
  if he 's committed a crime , arrest him and give him a trial . 
  if he has n't , do n't . 
  i just went to check the law and apparently portuguese citizenship can be revoked only if the person who has it asks for it to be revoked or if she becomes a citizen of a state who requires that person to give up all other citizenships . 
  interesting stuff . 
  i personally disagree with the ability of citizenship to be forcefully taken away . 
  the same way we scan for christian extremists . 
  when they do something illegal , arrest them . 
  rule of law and all that . 
  false dichotomy mate . 
  the fact we obviously ca n't be open to everyone does n't mean we should not be open to anyone . 
  you are sounding so authoritarian man ... 
  this line of thinking leads to fascism . 
  i for one think we should strive to accept every peaceful and well meaning person of every culture and enrich our culture with aspects of other cultures . 
  work towards a more accepting , understanding world , not the contrary . 
  open up to the world , not clam up with a culture till it grows stale and mouldy . 
  in portugal at least i do n't believe you can revoke citizenship . 
  sounds pretty inconstitutional . 
  it 's just such a minor aspect of their subordination to their husbands though that the argument does n't hold much weight . 
  it 's hardly as if wearing a scarf is the only thing muslim husbands choose for their wives , yet it is precisely the only aspect of muslim culture we choose to ban . 
  it 's also not at all helpful for those women whose husbands force them to wear it . 
  they now effectively are punished for obeying or disobeying either way . 
  and by civilized he means that they will conform to western standards and will not antagonize western nations , which as we know are good ^ tm . 
  and then they tell me that american imperialism do n't real . 
   if you go for food and clothes to the catholic church i talked about a dignified life , not mendicity . 
  you can survive sure . 
  it 's just simply not right for someone that is working to have to resort to charity . 
  that is not something our country should allow in my opinion , which is why i defend a significant increase in the minimum wage . 
  our minimum wage is a disgrace . 
  completely impossible to have a dignified life if that 's all you earn . 
  you are one of those guys who believes everything western media says while completely discrediting everything russian media says and believes himself to be enlightened by truth , are n't you ? 
  let me tell you a little secret : western media is also spouting anti russia propaganda . 
  so would you since i imagine you are against the right of self-determination for the donetsk and crimea regions , are you also against siberian separatism ? 
  they do n't excuse but they give context to it . 
  nothing excuses israel 's action and they still take them . 
   how come these immigrants are n't protesting slave labor in qatar ? 
  that 's the old bullshit of `` how come you protest this and do n't protest that '' . 
  people can care about more than one topic . 
  the fact that something is happening somewhere equally as serious does n't mean people ca n't protest israel 's war crimes . 
  spoiler , they will bail out the bank . 
  even if they do n't all deposits up to 100 000 $ are covered by a insurance policies that comes out of taxpayer pockets anyway . 
  so either the bank fails and we pay or the bank does n't fail because we paid . 
  people tend to have more sympathy towards people of their own religion and feel enmity for people who attack those of their religion . 
  pretty much the same reason islamophobia is such a big problem in europe and other western countries . 
  is it misdirected ? 
  perhaps , but support for the actions of israel is pretty rage inducing to me as a non involved party . 
  i can only imagine what muslims feel when they see someone defend the starvation and killing of civilians by a state that came out of the allies deciding to play civilization in the real world . 
   no , you bitched about palestinian mistreatment . 
  apparently calling out the war crimes against the palestinian nation is the same as bitching . 
   you have failed to show how that has to do with european jews or how that shows european muslims are oppressed . 
  it 's rather obvious if you think about it . 
  i explained already and the best you coudl do is call me a moron . 
  so i 'll save my breath . 
   but really , you are a moron i know my interlocutor has no worthwhile arguments when he must resort to insulting me . 
  if by attacking you mean getting starved to death , having their land taken in order for an artificial state to be created there and having their civilians and infrastructure destroyed in a war they simultaneously can not win and can not afford not to fight , then yes . 
  it definitely isnt worthy of a year in jail , but it is worthy of police attention . 
  which gingor didnt think it was . 
  hard sentences are counter productive . 
  they create martyrs and fuel the most asinine forms of racism .
