  good . 
  it amazes me that in 2015 people still feel the need to mutilate their children 's bodies . 
   repeated currency crises , an imf bailout , none in the last two decades and all of them were before the euro even existed . 
  times change and we have our shit together now . 
   a severe blow during 2008 country which has financial services as one of its largest markets experiences problems during global economic crisis . 
  news at 10 . 
  we 've pretty much recovered from the recession now though . 
  how are greece , portugal , ireland , spain , cyprus , etc going btw ? 
   an outright nationalisation with a net loss to the public , and several bank rigging scandals later shitty decisions caused by by politicians deregulating stuff are nothing to do with the currency which is managed by the bank of england . 
  however , all of our major banks now pass the stress tests implemented by the european union after the crisis whereas one in five of the eurozone 's banks failed it . 
  we have also implemented much stricter tests than the european union which happen regularly . 
   biotech giant amgen inc. received the approval of european regulators for a new drug that the thousand oaks company said is highly effective at reducing `` bad '' cholesterol , which is a significant risk factor for heart disease . 
  til that reducing the risk of heart disease is not a health benefit . 
  it will cost # 8.20 per box ( or # 104.00 for a year ) in the uk . 
  nhs fuck yeah . 
  most people do n't ally with the political spectrum . 
  they vote for the party who 's leader looks good on camera . 
  that 's why miliband lost , he was a really crap speaker and ballsed up the debates . 
  i 've never watched downfall but i think i 've watched well over a days worth of parodies of it . 
  if you tried to remove kebabs from the uk there would be a national riot . 
  they are a staple of chip shops nowadays . 
  we have a banking system which is run by sensible people , as opposed to giving control of our economy to some random person in frankfurt . 
  paste the link into http://archive.today/, 
  slavs are a race . 
  when someone says `` i hate eastern europeans '' over here what they usually mean is `` i hate slavs '' . 
   nobody looks at those . 
  you might look at them but i certainly do . 
  if you want to fill yourself with disgusting shit and kill yourself at 50 from being morbidly obese thats your problem not mine . 
   it 's still not the job of the state to patronize me it is the states job to intervene when your life decisions are harming the health of people who choose not to fill their bodies with cancer causing chemicals . 
  all of the packages over here already have `` traffic light '' labels for showing how much fat , sugar , etc they contain . 
  works great . 
  the fact is that tobacco is extremely harmful to the population . 
  much more than any other thing that people regularly ingest . 
  last time i went up there it was just after the tunisian attacks and the muslim cleric was quietly standing at the side of the path by the bull ring with a table of leaflets whereas the christian cleric was standing in the middle of the crowd with a megaphone shouting about how we are all going to hell . 
  i know which one i prefer . 
  meanwhile in the dclauzel household : * praying towards the eiffel tower intensely . 
  how very tragic for those poor tobacconists . 
  it 's not like they sell something which is known to kill people in high numbers . 
   the war in iraq happened because the leaders got an idea in their head - invade iraq - then ignored contrary evidence while relying on dubious evidence that supported their decision . 
  why would they need evidence ? 
  god told them to go to war . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/5373525/tony-blair-believed-god-wanted-him-to-go-to-war-to-fight-evil-claims-his-mentor.html archive link for if you get paywall 'd : https://archive.is/kwncc http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa, 
  according to the british government anyone who disagrees with them is an extremist . 
  are you an american by any chance ? 
  that 's a very american statement . 
  just do n't point it at your neck . 
  i 've spent the last week or so in pain because during the sunny period i spent three nights with a fan aimed at my head . 
   that trend will probably go into reverse when the bag charge is introduced in england the bag charges will only apply to plastic bags according to https://www.gov.uk/carrier-bag-charges-retailers-responsibilities  plastic bags are generally stronger than paper ones they are stronger if you 're comparing them to the paper thin ( sorry , could n't resist ) ones you get bread and stuff in but if the tough ones are much better than plastic ones . 
  i actually had a n9 . 
  the hardware was ok ( not great ) but , coming from ios , meego was a horrible operating system to use and i soon ( few months ) ditched it to go back to an iphone . 
  some parts of wales are quite populated . 
  im talking about places which are literally in the middle of nowhere . 
  a few weeks ago we went to wales to pick some stuff bought on ebay and for the last half an hour we were driving down roads that according to apple maps and tomtom did not exist . 
  somewhere like that . 
  nokia would have gone down the shitter anyway even without elop . 
  they were late to the smartphone race and apple ate their lunch on the high end and android vendors ate their lunch on the low end . 
  pre-microsoft their phone operating system was pretty shitty too ( worse than wp ) . 
  a lot of shops where i live have switched to using paper bags instead of plastic ones because they are better for the environment . 
  not sure how much that affects things though . 
  that 's probably more accurate than just calling the entire union `` england '' . 
  the northern irish might have a complaint for you though . 
  ... probably because they are a boogeyman used by eurosceptics to justify their views . 
  there might be some immigrants who do that but they are certainly not the majority . 
  you just do n't hear about the majority because `` polite immigrant integrates into community '' does n't sell papers whereas `` disgusting immigrant scum desecrates monument '' does . 
  the uk would n't be a de-facto ruler . 
  we would sooner attach a giant sail to the british isles and move it to become part of asia than join a federal europe . 
  those suicide statistics whilst terrible do n't look that abnormal when you compare to the rest of europe . 
  for example , in the uk our population is about 6x higher and approx . 
  16-17 people kill themselves every day . 
  ^ [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suicide_in_the_united_kingdom#statistics ), 
  its so pointless that it should probably be renamed to the microsoft office driving license . 
  if it was n't for the fact that the internet connections are even worse than where i currently live , i would move to the middle of nowhere in wales . 
  more recently , yes . 
  not in the distant past though . 
  we learned the hard way to let them vote on it . 
  one more recent referendum : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falkland_islands_sovereignty_referendum,_2013, 
  japan uses a word which translates to england to refer to the whole uk ( igirisu ) . 
  this pleases me immensely for some reason . 
  you would be surprised . 
  it just takes a few people with alt accounts to fuck over a subreddit . 
  / pol / brigaded / r/uk a while back and it was a cesspool for months afterwards . 
  / r/ukpolitics is still suffering from it . 
   could you provide a few examples of this ? 
  it 's not what you asked for but someone posted links a few weeks ago to a stormfront ( a neo nazi forum ) where they were discussing how to manipulate the voting system on here and worldnews ( not that they need much help with the latter ) . 
  [ the referendum results suggest otherwise . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbgwtvoktkm ), 
  that seems like it would be pretty easy to trace . 
  let them in and if it turns out they are funnelling money back then kick them out . 
  hsbc are n't morally corrupt . 
  that would imply that they had morals in the first place . 
  how dare you bring facts into this when i was trying to make a joke . 
  i ca n't imagine the eu wanting to cut stuff though . 
  if you ca n't cut stuff then the only way is to raise more income . 
  ( for the record , i 'm against leaving . 
  i 'm happy with the current situation other than a few things like schengen and the eurozone which we are n't in ) . 
  the uk is one of the largest contributors to the eu budget . 
  if that money was to vanish you 'd have to find it somewhere and that would probably mean the rich countries paying more . 
   overall , britain 's contribution to the eu pot amounted to $ 17bn in 2013 , behind germany , france , and italy . 
   however , on a net basis , britain was the second largest contributor to the eu budget last year .
