  the right for hereditary peers to be a member of the house of lords was abolished in 1999 . 
  the lords are now appointed by an independent commission . 
  it might be not be democratic but democracy is n't always the best system . 
  the crown may theoretically have power but that power is limited by tradition and the queen stays neutral in politics . 
  if we were to get rid of the crown as the head of state it would not really change anything with how the country is run . 
  it 's worth noting though that the queen has a 90 % approval rating . 
  even putin with his massive propaganda machine does n't have an approval rating that high . 
  she 's a really nice lady and i could n't think of anyone better to represent us . 
  checks and balances . 
  the unelected lords are there to make sure that the elected politicians do n't send the country into the shitter by passing unworkable legislation which only exists to score points with the electorate . 
  oh come on , are you seriously comparing a constitutional monarchy to feudalism ? 
  considering that basically no new eu county wants to use the euro are you so sure about that ? 
  why ? 
  we 're quite happy with the system we have now in the uk . 
  the unelected parts of our government ( crown , lords ) are probably the sanest part of the entire system . 
  in the uk the queen does hold a lot of power but in practise she does not exercise it because we are ( allegedly ) a democracy and it would be rude for her to override that . 
  he has some nice lipstick on in that photo . 
  reminds me of how sikhs got attacked in the us after the 2001-09-11 terrorist attacks because stupid people thought they were muslims ... 
  in the uk the public opinion is very relevant with the 2017 eu membership referendum coming up . 
  any news about forcing more integration would cause the polls to tip in favour of no . 
  a third of the uk population ( which i 'd like a citation for , only thing i can find on google is rt which is hilariously biased ) being in favour still means that a large majority of the population are against it . 
  if you wanted the uk to leave the eu forcing more integration is exactly how you would do it . 
  if it does n't benefit us or causes in a loss of any sovereignty then we frankly do n't want it . 
  yeah well , we still got five more points than you at eurovision !, 
   like australia that sends them elsewhere , do the same thing . 
  i 'm not so sure copying australia is a good idea considering australian illegal immigrants are put into what is basically a concentration camp . 
  it would if it was n't mostly bullshit which the dm et al will pick up and display as fact . 
  generalisations are bad , ok ? 
  that would be the american reality distortion field at work . 
  an american news website spreading pro-militarisation propaganda . 
  what a surprise . 
  being mainly populated by drunk students glasgow probably thought that greece is voting on their favourite brand of stock cube . 
  why would n't they be allowed to use the euro ? 
  note : using the euro is different to being able to create your own valid euro notes and coinage . 
  so , when will germany be paying back the 50 % of their war debts that the allies wrote off for them ? 
  after all , you should treat others how you wish to be treated , right ? 
  the problem is that taking refugees is all that is really being proposed . 
  are we supposed to take refugees until africa and the middle east are entirely empty ? 
  it 's just not sustainable . 
  we need to look at making the situation there good enough that the migrants do n't want to come here . 
  we actually won at something for once . 
  yes . 
  i would demand that greece pay back their debts in free wine and holiday trips . 
  the daily mail is n't just right wing . 
  they are so far right that they are in hitler supporting territory . 
  [ seriously . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daily_mail#rise_of_fascism ), 
  you 're in portugal . 
  hot sunny weather is normal for you . 
  usually the weather hits 20-25c in the uk at the highest . 
  35c + is extremely abnormal . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  did n't you get the message ? 
  greece will be geoblocked unless you vote yes . 
  anyone who thinks they have freedom of speech on a website run by a for-profit company is a fool . 
  reddit are perfectly within their rights to ban people for behaving badly . 
  especially when those people are breaking the law by harassing people . 
  this is the main problem . 
  people have created a hate mob based on near to no evidence and are demanding that heads roll . 
  it 's like they learned absolutely nothing from the boston bombing shitfest . 
  you sound like the british government whenever someone criticises their censorship plans . 
  `` i do n't think that [ ... ] will work because [ ... ] . '', 
  `` what ? 
  are you some kind of paedo and terrorist enabler ???? 
  do you hate the kids ???? '', 
  i 'm against it . 
  i have never carried an id and i do n't even own one so i could n't even if i wanted to . 
  why should i have to carry one ? 
  what an excellent idea . 
  how soon can we implement it ? 
  that seems like a wonderful rumour you could leak to increase the price of a company you were invested in . 
  the british papers will be running something similar tomorrow :  when we get access to time travel should we go back and change our minds about the 50 % reduction of german debts as offered in the london agreement on german external debts : yes / no, 
  i 'm beginning to think we should leave just so the mainlanders need to find another sugar daddy they can complain about . 
  it 's not a conspiracy , it 's a fact . 
  in 2009 obama signed an executive order shutting down the guantanamo bay concentration camp . 
  guess what though ? 
  there are still over a hundred people locked up there . 
  surprise , the american military is above the rules !, 
  sure , you keep thinking that a propaganda order means that they have actually done that . 
  continue on as normal , * patriot * !, 
  they were never given an order to stop so why would you think that they would ? 
  default as soon as you 've been given the money ? 
  why would we want to colonise mexico ? 
  the cartels seem to be doing a wonderful job of running the country . 
   we know a lot about survival in cold water because of nazi experiments . 
  shh , you might give the americans an excuse for all of the waterboarding they do at guantanamo bay . 
  i guess they know how the kippers feel about the poles then . 
  it 's lovely and cool in the uk today . 
  i have never been so glad to see rain . 
  y' all on the mainland can do that but the uk wants no part in it . 
   the diocese , its bishop and the financial officer are suspected of fraudulently registering thousands of people on its membership lists between 2010 and 2014 , which enabled it to obtain 50 million kroner ( more than $ 6.0 m ) in state subsidies . 
  why $ 5.1 m if they profited to the tune of $ 6m ? 
  should n't the fine be equivalent or greater than the sum they stole from the state ? 
  did i ever say that ? 
  you know who also mentioned the uk though ? 
  the person you were replying to . 
  you have an australian flag but it says `` i live in europe '' . 
   crime rates are drastically increasing in countries with heavy levels of immigration [ countries with heavy levels of immigration ? 
  you mean like the uk ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jul/17/crime-falls-england-wales-lowest-level-33-years ),
