  hell , it even says in the sidebar of / r/politics that they are explicitly an america only board . 
  i dont know about you but lgbt is a lot easier to pronounce than glbt for me . 
  i prefer `` humans '' . 
  it emphasises that everyone is equal no matter what your gender or sexuality is . 
  that seems like a ridiculous thing to even compare to me . 
  americans in / r/europe are like the american military in europe . 
  you would n't leave even if we asked you to . 
  it would be nice if the flags in the flairs were forced based on the location of the poster . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) has an infinitely scrolling front page . 
  it 's kinda nice . 
  it 's not just you who has noticed that . 
  i 've had to block [ basically every topic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hr9d2xn.png ) relating to greece on / r/europe with res because the comments are just full of insanity . 
  we are n't . 
  the last referendum poll put remaining in the eu at 66 % with 22 % wanting to leave . 
  the small group of eurosceptics are just very good at making noise . 
  there is n't really such a thing as an ethnic brit either . 
  most of us people who the racists consider `` real british people '' are more like mongrels when it comes to ancestry . 
  if the uk was to leave we would n't join the eea as that would n't satisfy the eurosceptics as we would still need to pay membership fees and implement eu legislation . 
  we would leave completely and set up some kind of trade agreement with the eu . 
  i do n't have figures for it but as a software engineer who has worked on some automation stuff it seems pretty accurate . 
  not sure about the timeline though & mdash ; maybe raise it to 2050 . 
  we will be voting on our relationship with the eu as it stands today . 
  that 's completely different to having a federal europe . 
  hell , we do n't even like some of the bits which exist today that we are opted out of . 
  the amount of people in the uk who want us to use the euro is [ literally in single digits . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_and_the_euro#public_opinion ), 
  do you want the uk to vote to leave in the 2017 referendum ? 
  because that 's how you get us to . 
  i do n't think americans have the right to call other countries out for being violent and authoritarian . 
  ( inb4 that burt reynolds patriot guy appears to defend his country ) . 
  i thought that just eat was a british company based on the amount of emails they send me with job offers . 
  i 'm not one of the loonies who think that taxation is theft but if you think you have the right to demand money from someone who has never been anywhere near your country you are probably a thief ... 
  the crisis in greece is a problem with the eurozone . 
  the uk was smart enough to opt-out of that disaster before it happened so why should we be forced to pay when a system we knew was bad fails ? 
   these days , the uk seems a tad attention-hungry . 
  the politicians need to play to our soft eurosceptics so they switch sides before the referendum . 
  the majority of people here ( 66 % in the last poll ) support eu membership . 
   however , i get the distinct impression that a lot of british redditors here absolutely want to feel insulted by whatever the eu does . 
  when a large amount of people on here seem to want us kicked out can you blame them ? 
  the eu would be much worse off without the uk , or germany , or france than they would be without the eu though . 
  they have 30-40 years to adapt to that so i 'd say they have enough time to invest . 
  that 's not even a comparable case . 
  the paedos have n't been passing laws or influencing government in a way that allows their friends to fuck children . 
  pretty much the entire rest of the government is insistent that the cps investigates and stamps out the paedo network . 
  it 's not being covered up any more . 
  what the fuck are you even on about ? 
  `` up to 40 mps or peers '' sounds like a lot but you need to consider something . 
  there are 650 people in the house of commons . 
  there are 786 people in the house of lords . 
  40 as a percentage of ( 650 +786 ) is 2.79 % . 
  2.79 % of the houses knowing about it hardly means that the entire government is run by paedophiles . 
  you 'll fit in perfectly in glasgow then !, 
  the american flag should be white . 
  that depends . 
  what is your opinion of stabbings and [ glassings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glassing ) ? 
  it does , for one week a year when everyone dies from it . 
  that guy gets super salty every time someone mentions america in a negative way . 
   does they want poles , czechs , slovaks , etc. 
  to hide on lorries ? 
  border control is not incompatible with freedom of movement . 
  the uk is outside of the schengen area and poles seem to have no problems coming here . 
   and what their lap dog the bbc say ( who seem to publish absolutely everything pro-google going ) , lolwhat ? 
  the bbc have posted plenty of anti-google articles . 
  why ? 
  if finland switched to a different currency what can the eu do about it ? 
  bloody savages . 
  ca n't even comprehend the concept of drink rounds . 
  til , thanks . 
  is it not ? 
  why am i not allowed to hold an opinion which is different to my government ? 
  why is it hypocrisy for me to hold this opinion when i had no involvement with those decisions ? 
  hell , i was n't even alive when rhodesia was a country . 
  i do n't see how that is relevant to anything ? 
  i do n't see how that is relevant to anything ? 
   for example , we use a lot of english words ( stop , parking , jogging ... ) while they use a weird french equivalent that just sounds funny . 
  they sound like the `` irish '' americans who have taken their perception of irish culture to such an extreme that it 's not even irish anymore . 
  is it not pointless anyway considering that russia is vetoing everything ? 
  i suppose you think that all of the anti-greece propaganda coming out of the german press is also sarcasm ? 
  it 's not very obvious considering that there have been people on here seriously claiming that greece should be selling their children off as slaves in order to pay back their debts . 
  so what you 're saying is that russia is an absolute monarchy ? 
  all of them . 
  [ citation needed ] [ dubious & mdash ; discuss ], 
  i think it 's time that the un was replaced with an organisation where one member ca n't veto everything . 
  i think it 's pretty evident that germany ( or at least the german representatives ) hates greece . 
  why do you think that varoufakis had to go ? 
  defence . 
  so does english : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singular_they, 
  i would buy more from aldi if they actually had a store which was n't ten miles away . 
  i totally agree . 
  how dare those disgusting greeks have the * gall * to buy unnecessary things like food instead of paying back their debts . 
  they should starve to death because german money is more important than greek lives . 
   why do ships and such are female in english , blame the sailors . 
  people like assigning gender to things which they are intimately involved with . 
  it 's a holdover from old english which was influenced by anglo-norman which is an ancestor of french . 
  it 's a bit different to giving * everything * a gender though . 
   lacking a device for polar bear monitoring those exist ? 
  some kind of beardar ? 
  i 'm a strong supporter of the eu . 
  however , it needs to change . 
  - the eurozone and schengen are clearly failed projects and need to be abolished or at the least made an optional and separate thing .
