  you can have our [ $ 28bn nhs connecting for health failure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nhs_connecting_for_health ) and we 'll take your $ 5.4 bn airport failure . 
  considering how some doctors seem to be using the hippocratic oath to refuse to euthanise perfectly sane people who are dying slowly in great pain ( its apparently ok for them as long if you experience pain as a doctor does n't cause it ) it seems like its time that it was replaced . 
  why would they even have that information ? 
  people never post about things when they are working properly . 
  they only do that when they have gone wrong . 
  the internet would be much better off if news websites did n't have integrated comment systems . 
  shh do n't say that , a certain country might get ideas on how to deal with is . 
  thats the same ridiculous excuse america uses for why they treat the poor/minorities/etc like shit . 
  its not acceptable when they use it and its not acceptable when we use it . 
  i 'm not saying the information is wrong . 
  i 'm saying you ca n't say whether people are healthy or unhealthy just based on when they die . 
  want the bbc to send the bill for non-uk iplayer bandwidth to your house then ? 
  we do n't pay for the production of high quality content so you can watch it without contributing anything back . 
  make your own or pay for ours . 
  simple . 
  wow . 
  much troll . 
  very stupid . 
  this is life expectancy not health . 
  kinda a big difference . . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  do you think that bandwidth is free ? 
  besides , why should they get to watch it when they do n't pay for it . 
  economic conflict like germany destroying greece you mean ? 
  ( to clarify , i 'm pro-eu but anti-eurozone ), 
  i do n't think that e.g. 
  poland would want to introduce a mandatory tax for all broadcast tv users just so polish people can watch bbc . 
  americans have to pay for their insurance . 
  we do n't have to pay national insurance if we ca n't afford to . 
  you replied to a thread about the eurozone and started talking about the eu . 
  clearly you know what you are talking about . 
  all of the polls heavily indicate that the uk wo n't be leaving the eu though . 
  sucks to be you i guess . 
  the telegraph is the pro-conservative paper who have a habit of being grossly biased . 
  the conservatives hate the bbc as it is an example of a non-capitalist business working better than a capitalist one and they have just appointed a culture secretary who is actively hostile to the license fee . 
  i would n't put much trust in anything they are involved with . 
  they do have a lot of popular shows but they also have a variety of other shows including educational things which are not profitable to produce . 
  requiring them to broadcast a specific number of hours of content would n't work . 
  it would also have the risk of the quality dropping just to satisfy the quantity . 
  you wo n't get to vote to leave the eurozone because northern ireland is n't even in it . 
  we do n't need new laws . 
  we just need to enforce the existing ones which is what they are doing . 
  capitalist media businesses ( sky , etc ) produce what makes them a profit . 
  i do * not * want the bbc running like a capitalist media business . 
  i responded to that question [ over here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ebaa5/sky_uk_disney_and_warner_bros_hit_with_eu/ctdbura ) . 
  i quite like having a broadcaster who are not heavily exposed to the nasty side of capitalism . 
  bbc worldwide profits ( # 157.4 million in 2013-2014 ) are miniscule when compared to the money gathered via the license fee ( # 3.735 billion in 2014-2015 ) . 
  it 's not high enough to influence production at the moment but if it was to significantly increase ... 
  because of the way the bbc is financed they can afford to make programmes which would not be financially successful if produced otherwise like educational documentaries . 
  if they were ever to expose iplayer to the rest of the world on a for-profit basis then this might be affected . 
  that 's austria 's problem not ours . 
  i do n't see why we should be made to suffer because of them . 
  the majority of people here are happy with how the bbc is financed even if there are a lot of keyboard warriors on reddit who claim otherwise . 
  majority rules and the majority want to keep the bbc as-is . 
  no thanks . 
  the bbc works great for us and we would like to keep it that way . 
  if you 've got a problem with that then go petition your own government to make its own bbc . 
  i 'm worried about this . 
  could the bbc be forced to unblock iplayer access for the rest of europe ( even though they do n't pay for it ) under this logic ? 
  no it did n't . 
  i 'm glad that i do n't have to put myself through a ton of bullshit just because someone else might like my children . 
  having children is a financial , social , and health disaster . 
  how much the nhs pays does n't matter . 
  what matters is how much users have to pay . 
  i have four niblings . 
  i repeat , children are horrible . 
  i do n't really consider that part of the stereotype , probably because i ( secretly , do n't tell them ) kinda like the french whereas i despise smoking . 
   if the intergovernmental euro negotiations which lead to the demonisation of both germans and greeks has thought us anything , it 's how much bullshit that is . 
  i think you need to actually talk to some germans and greeks rather than listening to the echo chamber of reddit . 
  most of them do n't hate each other . 
   it 's exactly the crap 10 years ago about the internet democratizing china internet access in china is heavily censored . 
  why do you think that is ? 
   arab spring social media nonsense . 
  internet access was certainly a positive thing during the arab spring . 
  we do cheese right over here . 
  you do n't see the french [ chasing their cheese down a hill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cooper%27s_hill_cheese-rolling_and_wake ) now do you ? 
  that 's why our cheese is the best . 
  people are willing to endanger their lives to get it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtvg9xdtjv4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iitaj6ndlo, 
  as a woman i 'm glad to be sterile . 
  children are horrible . 
  i 'm sure they 're fully aware of what they 're doing . 
  they do n't need some keyboard warrior to tell them they are irresponsible and uneducated and need other people to tell them what they can do with their bodies . 
  i imagine that most people have one stereotype for each country though even if it is n't true . 
  for example , when i imagine a typical frenchman i imagine a thin tall man with a dick dastardly moustache , a beret on his head , a bottle of wine in his one hand and a baguette in his other . 
  as he breathes his throat makes a soft `` honhonhon ~ '' sound . 
  it might not be true but that 's a frenchman to me . 
  the uk would not join a politically united europe . 
  we 'd sooner attach a sail to the island and move it to the middle of the atlantic ocean . 
  i really doubt that if the eu broke up we would return to how things were before ( and i 'm pro-eu ) . 
  we have the internet now . 
  i speak to someone in germany , poland , chile , etc every day . 
  theres no way in hell that the government could convince us that germany is evil and that we should invade them any more . 
  i do n't think its a coincidence that the places which are still unstable are usually the places without easy access to global communications . 
  beware of quotes taken out of context . 
  `` i really hate children with cancer '' ( abbreviated quote ) `` i really hate children with cancer dying because they ca n't get the treatment they need . '', 
  ( full quote ), 
  well at least it is n't horse again . 
  would be nice to see the gender percentages recalculated with the leaked data from that cheating website that got hacked . 
  edit : my sentence did n't make sense , fixed .
