   he 's even admitted that voting against gay marriage was a foolish move and now says that his belief liberalism comes before his religious views . 
  that sounds like backtracking in order to not lose even more votes to me . 
  you sound like an american when you say that . 
  just sayin ' . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  i know someone who works in a uk prison and its * nothing * like an american prison . 
  this is what americans actually believe . 
   a budgie which was smuggled into the prison by a visitor who hid the bird internally in her vagina . 
  how the actual shit did they manage to do that ? 
  in my opinion we need to get off our collective arses and improve the military capabilities of europe . 
  then we can kick out the americans and manage our own damn continent . 
  when people talk about the ira in the context of terrorism they are usually referring to the provisional ira and the other splinter groups who were are classified as terrorist groups in both the uk * and * ireland . 
  that poster is still a moron though . 
   and your people 's history of terroristic violence against our second-favorite ally . 
  oh , the irony of this is immense . 
  you do realise that '' `` irish '' '' americans were the main source of funding for the ira ? 
  i was joking about how whenever people in france go on strike they seem to like setting stuff on fire and destroying things . 
  the kids were just preparing for their future occupation !, 
   like nausea , headaches , possibility of depression , weight-gain if you 're getting these problems then switch brand until you find one that works . 
  are you sure he was n't the model ? 
   birmingham ( islamic republic of ) this is reddit not fox news . 
   france -  around 20 kids - aged 5 ( ! ), 
  to 13 - trashed a kindergarden . 
  behaving as normal then ? 
  the tories are cunts but london being overpriced is n't really their fault . 
   i worked for the mobile network orange in london you have my condolences . 
  i love how defensive y' all get when someone criticises your country . 
   the impression i get from reading about the uk ( and from my pakistani friends who are studying there ) is that compared to many other developed western nations it is racist as fuck . 
  your impression would be wrong . 
  there are problem areas but in most of the country providing you do n't act like a dick people will treat you nicely . 
   there is no ukip/bnp equivalent in [ ... ] the usa that is popular . 
  the bnp are not popular . 
  in the 2015 election they got 1,667 in the entire country . 
  thats less than half of what the monster raving loony party got and over a million votes less than the smallest party which still got a seat . 
  also , are we pretending that the republican party does n't exist now ? 
  hell , they 're probably worse than ukip . 
  at least ukip do n't have a chance of winning a significant amount of seats ( they got precisely one seat in the general election ) and kick out their members who make explicitly racist remarks whereas the republicans allow them to run for leader . 
  ^ * cough * trump * cough *  my friends , who are pakistani/indian canadian/american , say that the uk is a racist shithole . 
  maybe we immigrants in north america are spoiled though , i do n't know , that is just their perception as foreign looking guests in your country . 
  i have no idea where they got that view from considering that if they are studying here they are in one of the most ultra accepting environments you could possibly be in as an ethnic minority . 
  like , we 're talking full tumblr here . 
  discrimination here is largely class based rather than ethnicity based . 
  there is a lot of dislike for * illegal * immigrants but thats not based on racism . 
  thats based on the fact that they are violating the law by entering the country illegally and doing work under the radar which puts downward pressure onto wages . 
   also i do n't see where i made claims about who is british and who is not british . 
  nice try though . 
  oh , i used the wrong demonym , my mistake . 
  to most english people there is no difference between being english and british so replace british with english and my point still stands . 
  kinda like how y' all call yourself americans even though you are n't the only country in the americas . 
  51 ^ st will be puerto rico . 
  52 ^ nd will be the uk if the tories get their way with the country for a few more decades . 
  uh , what ? 
  both that quote and your assumption are bullshit . 
  america does n't have a monopoly on immigration you know . 
  the uk has experienced immigration for thousands of years . 
  we just do n't make such a big fuss over the countries that our long dead ancestors lived in . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/new-genetic-map-of-britain-shows-successive-waves-of-immigration-going-back-10000-years-10117361.html one thing we do right ( other than a few racist nutters ) is that if you are a person of pakistani descent who lives in the uk you are just as british as someone who is descended from the celts providing that you identify as british . 
  i thought that the temporary safe zone idea was good but apparently that got killed . 
  heres a link to the actual poll rather than a shitty summary of it . 
  i would fight tooth and nail against abolishing cash . 
  i 've done a contract which involved working on some internal bank software and based on what i 've seen i would n't trust the idiots working their payment systems to be able to design a method which is both secure and convenient . 
  i personally use cash for everything under # 20-30 and a chip and pin card ( which you need physical contact to use ) for everything else . 
  i 'd be up for getting rid of 1/2 pence coins though as they cost more to make than they are worth and you ca n't really use them for anything . 
  haha yeah , that stuff is piss water . 
  i think that france banned the collection of ethnicity related information so they do n't make a distinction . 
  sucks to be you . 
  elizabeth ii is immortal . 
  *** [ vetoing intensifies ] ***, 
  if i think its acceptable then its not racist . 
  if i think its not acceptable then its racist . 
  simple !, 
  we have a lot of people here who are british but not white ( e.g. 
  black british ) which is why they make the distinction . 
  its sort of illegal to not do so here . 
   interesting that `` irish '' is part of a separate ethnic category rather then a national identity option , separate from `` northern irish '' and british ( and the others ) as well . 
  bit of a weird one . 
  ethnicity is entirely based on self identification in the uk . 
  there are a significant number of ( mostly pro-irish reunification ) northern irish people who identify as irish rather than british . 
  we have a housing crisis in the uk and immigration is n't exactly helping things . 
  it will eventually once the people with hiv start dying off ... 
  if you did n't know any better you 'd mistake the local farmer i buy it off as a hobo . 
  yeah , well at least we do n't have tons of haes bullshit over here . 
  we at least admit that we 're all fat and lazy . 
  yeah , they did n't need to repeat themselves like that . 
  i ca n't blame them for complaiing for five minutes if they thought someone had queue skipped . 
  if you did that over here you 'd get publicly executed . 
  i 'm more of a cider snob actually . 
  you can say that about most american beers tbh . 
  even their hipstery craft beers are nowhere as good as the european equivalents . 
  fining them triple the amount they made in profit off fiddling with the rates sounds like a reasonable idea . 
  your lisp makes it sound like you 're speaking with a mouth full of grapes . 
  i think the fact they call themselves `` national socialists '' kinda gives that away . 
  i have [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwj8hjph5uc ) as my wakeup alarm . 
  it works very , * very * well . 
  til that forced labour is n't an actual issue . 
   wanting to change the law is fine , breaking it for no good reason is not . 
  it called civil disobedience . 
  its quite a well established practise . 
  perhaps you might have heard of it ? 
  what about this novel idea : you let the people who want to defend their country sign up to do so .
