we are n't taking about the poor here though . 
  we are talking about taxation of ultra high earners . 
  france 's higher tax rate is 75 % which is totally insane . 
  the top tax band in the uk is currently 45 % . 
  other taxation costs associated with living in the uk are also much lower than in france . 
  france is n't really a very desirable country to do business in . 
  they are almost religious about not speaking english which considering its the international language of business is very bad . 
  i do n't know if you read the right-wing papers but they treat osbourne like a god who has single handedly recovered the entire economy . 
  the mail were comparing him to st george when he announced the new budget ffs . 
  he is not as unpopular as you think he is . 
  hey there dave , i see you buy into the tory myth that national debt is an evil thing which should be got rid of as soon as possible . 
  have you considered listening to the economists who say that national debt is not a problem providing you can afford the interest payments ? 
   oh man , that 's a bold statement . 
  you 're going to have to back that up with some evidence or sources . 
  have you not been reading the news ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/aug/27/thousands-died-after-fit-for-work-assessment-dwp-figures  still the biggest employer in western europe , still free at the point of care for tens of millions of people . 
  that has nothing to do with the fact it is being sold off contract by contract . 
  private healthcare does not work as the management is only interested in profits . 
  there is a reason that the nhs was rated consistently as the best healthcare system in the world . 
   that the nhs is being privatized en masse is just silly its not silly . 
  its a fact . 
  i recommend you read up on the structural changes implemented in the health and social care act 2012 . 
  its one step closer to privatisation . 
  theres a reason that doctors are striking y' know . 
  ** edit ** fixed some grammar fuckups , i hate my keyboard . 
  most of corbyn 's views other than foreign policy are sensible . 
  you quite like the fact that labour passively accepted the tories cutting benefits which has lead to the deaths of thousands of people ? 
  you quite like the fact that labour were accepting the tory myth that labour spending too much was responsible for an international recession ? 
  you quite like the fact that our healthcare system is being sold off piece by piece to political party donators ? 
  i 'd rather have the tories than tory lite . 
  at least you know when the tories are fucking you in the arse . 
  labour under anyone else would n't have won anyway as they would have just continued the policy of being tory lite and supporting austerity and what not . 
  at least we have an opposition which can actually oppose now . 
   wants to print more money for quantitative easing -- for `` new large scale housing , energy , transport and digital projects '' . 
  only during recession , during periods of growth he wants to use standard government bonds and the income from the national investment bank he plans to setup to pay for things . 
   wants the uk to be a republic , disbanding the royal family . 
  he has said that is a fight he will not fight . 
   wants to reintroduce higher income tax for ultra high earners . 
  i do n't see whats wrong with that ? 
    wants to renationalize energy companies  not necessarily bad , just a bit weird . 
  it also has more support from the public than renationalising the railways which is already ridiculously high ( 50 % + ) . 
  really bad rebound on that one too . 
  a few centuries of drugs and now we get theresa may . 
  christ . 
  that is n't english , thats scots . 
  no thanks . 
  we would like to be able to control our borders . 
  they 'd upgrade the carriages but the cunts who operate it would go on strike . 
  i am only half joking . 
  whats the point of robbing an empty bank ? 
  employment in general is voluntary . 
  should we abolish the minimum wage ? 
  the guardian are the daily mail of the left . 
  i think that holocaust denial is a shitty thing to do but do you seriously think that banning it will do anything ? 
  the only way to deal with idiots is via education . 
  banning being stupid will just cause the streisand effect to take action which will create more idiots . 
  its not illegal here ( uk ) to be a holocaust denialist either . 
  we even blocked it when the eu tried to roll it out because of the risk it poses to freedom of expression . 
  if you want to go by body count i think what we did to india probably puts us on top of the terrible people chart . 
  oh i vote but its a bit futile when you live in a district where the conservatives get 55 % of the vote . 
  surely its less suspicious to induce a health problem which would require an abortion than it would be to kill someone ? 
  an employee of gchq was found naked and padlocked in a bag . 
  somehow a court decided that his death was probably an accident because , y' know , its * so easy * to accidentally lock yourself in a bag . 
  i love how there are parallel conspiracy theories that jews control all of society through both capitalism and communism . 
  i do n't care if she 's a lizard , she 'd probably do a way better job as a benevolent dictator than parliament do . 
  i wish i was joking . 
  paddy ashdown might have some warnings for you with regards to that comment . 
  i do n't even get the `` logic '' behind that . 
  were abortions not a thing that existed in 1997 ? 
   there 's a pedophile lawyer ring controling lithuania 's judicial system . 
  we have this in the uk only instead of lawyers its politicians . 
  the other difference is that its also true . 
  i think the important thing to remember is that even as leader corbyn will be restrained by the rest of his party . 
  the widely supported things like railway renationalisation will most likely get implemented but i ca n't imagine the rest of the party agreeing to leave nato or scrap trident . 
  for the record , i 'm not a labour voter and will not be voting for them even if he does win . 
  i do find him to be a very interesting person though as politicians who actually give a shit ( even if they are misguided in places ) are a definite rarity in this country . 
  as someone who feels somewhat guilty over the way animals are treated but loves meat too much to give it up i really ca n't wait for synthetic meats to become a thing we can buy in supermarkets . 
   he is absolutely unelectable i would n't write him off so quickly . 
  people were saying this about him when he was nominated as a candidate for leader and we saw what happened there . 
  another last thing the country needs is another decade of conservative austerity politics . 
  i 'd say that has the potential to be just as damaging as any of corbyn 's loonier views . 
  funny how america always insists that their system ( healthcare , prisons , etc ) is the best despite there being tons of evidence on the contrary ( a larger % of the population in prison than the rest of the world , higher reoffending rates , etc ) . 
  ( inb4 someone whines about ~ ~ blacks ~ ~ ~ ~ urbans ~ ~ cultural diversity making america hard to compare to europe . ), 
  good thing this is reddit not a court then . 
  i do n't know about in france but this is totally my experience in the uk . 
  five years ago people i knew were all like `` theres no point reporting it because the police wo n't take me seriously '' but now they are much more willing to talk to the police . 
  both the us and russia have been acting like cunts lately just in different ways . 
   europe is n't a little smaller than the u.s. 
  it 's a lot smaller . 
  the us is not that much bigger . 
  i would n't take british papers seriously . 
  these are the same people who demonise paedophiles on one page and on the next show pictures of a 13 year old in a bikini which are labelled `` all grown up '' . 
  i 'm sorry guys . 
  this is totally my fault . 
  oh no , all eight hundred communists are signing up to vote in an election where hundreds of thousands of people will be voting . 
  how tragic !, 
  what address should i send the `` better dead than red '' posters to ? 
  i live in `` middle england '' and my parents who have voted tory for 50 years are interested in corbyn . 
  why ? 
  because unlike all of the other cunts he seems to actually give a shit about the country .
