  - there needs to be a lot more transparency and the eu need to try harder to tell people what the fuck they even do other than take our money . 
  - we need to treat each other as equals . 
  germany screwing over greece is clear evidence that we are not . 
  well in that case you would be wrong . 
  i recommend fixing your own country before giving unwanted advice about others . 
  then why do they have genders ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  i do n't believe in the the `` muh privilege '' shit but it does seem like the best way to improve the situation is to invest in improving the quality of life in africa so that people do n't have to come here . 
  i heard that stormfront was brigading / r/europe but i did n't realise the situation was this bad . 
  are you pretending that the drug cartels do n't exist today ? 
   additionally , the echr was a british-led pact quite sad really considering how the same party who wrote the echr now want to repeal it . 
   i 'm for doing the exact same thing that australia is doing . 
  locking migrants up in concentration camps in papua new guinea ? 
  ... because as we know , baguettes being long and phallic are totally female . 
  continental languages are weird . 
   we still like you best !, 
  we 'll remember that . 
  they have a legal obligation once they fulfil some criteria . 
  however , you can pretty much guarantee they are deliberately not fulfilling those criteria . 
  if they ever did enter the euro then they would become the fuckpuppet of germany and who wants that ? 
  / u/dclauzel makes it illegal to speak any other language than french . 
  greece is burned to the ground and all greeks are enslaved to pay off their debts . 
  the uk gets kicked out because everyone here seems to hate us . 
  only 68 % ~ of european union countries are in the eurozone . 
  it might be a major part of the eu but it is distinct enough to criticise without criticising the eu in general . 
  they are pro-eu not pro-eurozone . 
  there are very few people in the uk who like the eurozone even if you just look at the pro-eu groups . 
  it only counts human fatalities . 
  the north korean planes probably ca n't fly by themselves either . 
  yeah , that would be your own . 
  oh you 're cute . 
  you actually remembered that ? 
  why do you always pop up when someone mentions america in a negative light ? 
  to my knowledge the last time the military were used against our own citizens in the uk ( excluding ni during the troubles , ni is usually a statistical anomaly due to how different the region is ) was probably during the civil war and i do n't think people care about wars that happened 350 + years ago . 
  i trust the eu more than my national parliament . 
  they represent a more diverse view of opinions which prevents extremist views and the immense bureaucracy means it takes months to do anything which makes it harder to pass shit under the radar . 
  once the uk government finish the `` starve the disabled & poor '' project we will have the lowest unemployment in europe !, 
  mitt romney is probably too busy pretending to be scrooge mcduck with his money piles to give opinions . 
  the uk pirates were never even in a state of relevance to start with . 
  i wrote them a letter a while back asking questions about their policies and it was clear from their response that they were sketched up with no clue for how to actually implement them . 
  gender politics is a problematic thing for politicians to discuss because there is such an extreme range of views about it from the extreme misandrists you see on places like tumblr to the people who want both genders to be treated equally ( hi ! ), 
  to the extreme misogynists you see on places like / r/theredpill . 
  it does n't help that people are so invested in their own wankabout that they are only capable of screaming at people who have opposing views rather than having a mature debate either . 
  i am admittedly more of a cider person but guinness is probably the worst beer i have ever tasted . 
  the bottom coin looks like a # 2 . 
  i checked my penny box . 
  i have : - 328 british one pences - 293 british two pences - 1 unknown euro cent ( bloody shop cheating me out of 0.28 p ! ), 
  the polling was done on 14-16 june . 
  i 'm not sure whether it was representative of who will be able to vote but i ca n't imagine there would be such a big swing as to lose 16 % of the support even after non-uk citizens are excluded . 
  polling on a yes/no question is a bit different to a general election . 
  if you look at the polls for the scottish referendum they were fairly accurate . 
  guinness tastes like cheap piss so it 's no surprise that its sales are dropping in the uk & ireland . 
  we have tools for that . 
  the uk is * not * going to be leaving the eu . 
  eu support is at 66 % in the latest poll and its rising with every update . 
  it 's more likely that greece will announce tomorrow that syriza is merging with the christian democratic union and fuehrer merkel will become the supreme leader of greece . 
  god is angry that we are being given rights so he caused war in the middle east . 
  we are pretty great . 
  ... son of a robe ? 
  that 's allegedly due to a weird idiosyncrasy of the way that muslim families name their children . 
  they name their child mohammed as the first name and then give their child a second name which they refer to each other by . 
  therefore , i would n't really call it a first name . 
  it 's probably more equivalent to a title like sir or madam . 
  source : i went to college with a muslim guy who told me about this . 
  he was referred to only by his second name and his brother was also called mohammed . 
  oh how tragic . 
  they might have to relocate to get citizenship of a country they have no connection to other than through their grandparents . 
  literally terrible . 
  i live near birmingham and it 's not all that different to any other city in the uk . 
  the immigrants there mostly seem to do a perfectly good job of integrating . 
   i would never tell a large group of americans that they have to forcibly relocate or they are no longer american citizens . 
  if e.g. 
  texas decided to secede why could n't the people who live there have dual citizenships ? 
  actually , its more like 40-45 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence#polling_institutions, 
  well , i 'm not so sure if it 's better than greece . 
  the people living there do have the unfortunate property of being french after all . 
  nah , northern ireland . 
  let 's face it , things could n't become any more of a clusterfuck up there . 
  also , the thought of a syrian being asked `` are you a catholic muslim or a protestant muslim '' is amusing to me . 
  oh god , people born close to 2000 are on the internet now . 
  this scares me . 
  i just ca n't take any article which uses `` cyber '' in a non-ironic context seriously . 
  just use `` internet '' or `` computer '' ffs . 
  make sure you take a decent map if you 're planning going into the middle of nowhere though . 
  a few days ago we went to pick something up and for at least ten minutes the satnav claimed we were driving through fields . 
   and why is that ? 
  taxing things you need to buy in order to not die is generally considered a bad idea . 
   do you also have food stamps ? 
  that would be reasonable if the uk , a country which is similar to the netherlands , did n't have 0 % vat on non-luxury food items . 
  the uk will * not * be leaving the eu . 
  the last poll put remaining in the eu at 66 % with leaving at 22 % and support is going up with every poll . 
  the referendum is only happening to shut up the kippers and give dave some political capital . 
  wales !, 
  it 's just so easy to make fun of america . 
  making fun of e.g. 
  austria would n't be so easy . 
  i 'm aware of the difference . 
  i was addressing / u/palypso 's comment . 
  however , oxml is an open format even if it is a very shitty one . 
  http://www.ecma-international.org/flat/publications/standards/ecma-376.htm http://www.iso.org/iso/catalogue_detail?csnumber=51463,
