  it put $ 10.8 bn more into the eu pot last year than it took out . 
  only germany paid more on a net basis . '', 
  source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html archive link if you get hit by the paywall : https://archive.is/rw02s, 
  of course they would . 
  if we left their taxes would go up as they 'd be paying for everything . 
  they secretly want to become part of the uk . 
  the people doing the polling probably did n't want to visit countries where the police might `` accident '' them . 
  my only knowledge of italians is that when they were filming the giant traffic jam scene in [ the italian job ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_italian_job ) the angry people complaining about the jam were not actually actors . 
  the filming crew blocked off the roads to film and then recorded the reactions of random people . 
  yeah well it 's not like the rest of the world care about the minority countries in the union . 
  it costs way too much to live in the uk considering how much the government seems to hate socialism/public services . 
  yeah but this is japan we are talking about . 
  everything is expensive by rest-of-the-world standards there . 
   you have corybn aiming to go ultra left , despite the population not wanting it . 
  your claim that people do n't want it is interesting considering how much support his leadership bid has . 
  he abstained on the equal marriage bill ( which is as good as voting against it ) because of his religious views so its clear that he ca n't separate the two . 
  welcome to upside-down island where we have a conservative party leader who believes in equality and a liberal party leader who is a bigot . 
  you would know . 
  america is the biggest exporter of terror in the world . 
  i buy cds for stuff i really like because its impossible to buy lossless music online . 
  i do n't think you 've read that book . 
  i think you need to stop reading clickbaitey internet news on sites like reddit . 
  porn has not been banned . 
  the only thing the audiovisual media services regulations 2014 did was change online porn to be regulated the same way as offline porn . 
  also , the filters were an isp-specific thing where when you sign up to your isp they ask you if you want to see porn and if you click no you do n't see it . 
  both of these are completely ineffective and change nothing . 
  they were only done to score points with the mumsnetters before the election . 
  banning encryption is technologically impossible . 
  they are employing a tactic where they propose something completely retarded and then scale it back so people think they have won . 
  realistically though this wo n't change anything either as they already have the power to do anything they want under the regulation of investigatory powers act 2000 . 
  similarly , this is completely unenforceable . 
  there is probably not a single cd buyer who does n't rip it to their personal media payer . 
  when most of the population are violating a law and the police are n't doing anything about it then it effectively is n't banned . 
  theres a reason that priests are usually very old . 
  somewhat related : https://www.mjt.me.uk/posts/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-addresses/, 
  does n't the catholic church kick you out if you commit a sin or something like that ? 
  you could go tell them about how you have had sex with someone of your gender , or have worn clothing made of two materials and they would eject you . 
  * squirts water *, 
  it depends . 
  i have a trans friend . 
  we were watching a movie a few weeks ago and there was a scene she was really uncomfortable with as it was very similar to her situation . 
  she pretty much broke down and was crying heavily . 
  the difference between her and the idiots you see crying about trigger warnings and what not is she refused to stop watching . 
  you ca n't continue to run away from your problems forever . 
  you need to force yourself to deal with them or else you will be crippled by them forever . 
  the longer to face them you wait the harder it is too . 
  she is brave as fuck . 
  making it a mandatory part of the curriculum sounds like a good idea . 
  we had some american missionaries trying to teach creationism in the uk , the government responded by making it mandatory to teach evolution as a fact in science classes and restricting creationism to religious education classes . 
  ** edit ** i just noticed that when i posted this half of my message got cut off ; fixed . 
  do you have that as a res macro or do you type it up every single time someone asks ? 
  if we 're offending the americans then we are probably doing something right . 
  why am i not surprised at the colour of the uk . 
  that seems like a pretty good idea actually . 
  i was exaggerating somewhat but the number of brits extradited to the us does dwarf the number of americans extradited to the uk . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/9349617/seven-britons-extradited-for-every-one-american-mp-claims.html here 's an archive link if you get hit by the paywall . 
  there is only one thing the `` special relationship '' has got us & mdash ; fucked in the arse whenever the americans want something . 
  - multiple wars ( some illegal ) in the middle east - multiple terrorist attacks on our soil - 500x as many people extradited to them as the other way aorund, 
  if you look at the earlier polls in 99 % of cases the people who want to stay still outweighs the amount of people who want to leave . 
  it 's harder to start a business here because we have pesky things like workers rights and taxation . 
  subway ? 
  in the uk ? 
  not so sure that 's accurate . 
  we have a mcdonalds in basically every town but to visit a subway i have to visit the nearest city . 
  getting even more involved with america is the last thing we should be doing . 
  it seems that the uk is n't is n't only country to use the `` nothing to hide , nothing to fear '' tactic . 
  europhile logic : a country where 66 % of the population wants to stay in the eu and 22 % wants to leave is eurosceptic . 
  germany is probably better off because of that . 
  in the uk everything gravitates around london resulting in it and the surrounding areas being packed full of retardedly overpriced housing with the north of the country being a wasteland where you can literally buy entire houses for # 1 . 
  i 've never thought about german girls like that , lithuanian girls on the other hand ... ~, 
  do you have any pictures of that ? 
   and for example in sweden where i am from you get called for screening for different forms of cancer depending on whether your a male or female , as well as get offered different vaccine . 
  that seems like it would be problematic for trans people . 
  just because you got through a gender transition does n't mean your body is now immune to all of the things which can affect someone of your former gender . 
  maybe legal gender should be split into `` sex '' for medical purposes and `` gender '' for everything else . 
  i was n't aware that sky news employed any russians . 
  well , not quite . 
  northern ireland still wants to stay with us for some reason . 
  if they went away we could just call ourselves `` great britain '' . 
  uk is in northern europe ? 
  please sign us up to your socialisms !, 
  whatever you think , sweetie . 
  if you want to think that having a backdoor in every encryption system is n't a massive problem despite every single encryption expert saying it is a bad thing then you can continue deluding yourself . 
  do n't forget to say `` i love you '' to your framed picture of theresa may when you go to sleep tonight . 
  i think you are mistaking culture for work ethic . 
  americans are creepily friendly with you . 
  i do n't want that shit and nor do most people here . 
  ah , i missed the second part of your statement . 
  ca n't find my glasses today . 
  apologies . 
   he 's the youngest pm in 200 years , do you want an 18 year old pm so you can relate to him ? 
  that has nothing to do with the fact that he grew up in an age without computers . 
  he does not understand how they work and he has no time to learn . 
   do you genuinely believe you understand more about the internet and encryption than the people advising him ? 
  considering that my job ( when i 'm not studenting ) is to work on secure communications software and that i 'm a member of an international working group that standardises the aforementioned software 's protocol ... yes , i 'm pretty sure that i do know more than him and the people advising him . 
  the statistic is n't useful and needs to be changed , but do you trust the party of the rich to be able to redefine it properly ? 
  i do n't know what things are like in poland but if you are rude to your customers here you will very quickly find yourself without a job . 
  being polite to the customers is part of the job , not an extra . 
  why would that be a problem ? 
  i would think that the eu would want to avoid losing some territory .
