  do you have proof of that ? 
  then why did n't the scottish government request permission to negotiate with the eu on behalf of a prospective independent scotland ? 
   tips disrupt order and cause a deterioration of service . 
  citizens , do not tip !, 
  i never thought i would agree with a communist . 
  tipping is a cancer on society as it gives corporations an excuse for paying their workers less . 
  just look at the shitfest in america where you can legally be paid $ 2/hour in a tipped job ( your employer is supposed to make up the difference but because of their lack of workers rights the employers can easily fire people if they do that ) . 
  tell that to the british government who are in the process of redefining poverty . 
  is n't it up to the scottish government to initiate negotiations with the eu not the other way around ? 
  god save the queen !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=outergiguju https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgd9nyqvz2s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpewpk_dl7m, 
  were they actually a conspiracist ? 
  that could have very easily been a joke . 
  * looks shiftily in the direction of france *, 
  the central government does n't believe in self determination . 
  its a shame really as if the economy was n't down the shitter it would be a lovely place to live . 
  if he did n't play to * those people * a little bit then they would do what douglas carswell did and jump ship to ukip . 
  the last thing the uk needs is ukip with credible mps . 
  he 's old and does n't know how it works . 
  yes , very . 
  if it was n't for financial support from the rest of the uk and the eu then it would probably be equivalent to some of the poorer african countries in parts ( i wish i was joking ) . 
  there are separatists in wales but they 're more of a laughing stock than anything credible . 
  they 're mostly the same people who stubbornly stick to speaking welsh to stick it to the man even though most people speak english nowadays . 
  the scottish `` yes '' team really ballsed things up in my opinion . 
  if you want to leave the uk but remain in the eu then you should have your eu negotiations sorted * before * going to referendum . 
   50 years . 
  people are still alive from when it happened it will take at least a couple more generations for them to integrate . 
  it 's been less time since the uk passed our race relations act and we seem to have mostly managed it . 
  i get that america is so ~ big ~ and ~ diverse ~ but you should have been able to do it by now . 
   funny how the uk started the atlantic slave trade . 
  that would be the spanish and portuguese actually . 
  we were also one of the first countries to abolish it and we spent many years actively fighting against the countries which still practised it . 
  perhaps you should brush up on your history ? 
  i know the american education system is bad but that 's no excuse . 
   and how you have a tenth of the population of the united states but have 10 times more citizens joining isis . 
  it 's almost as if more immigration from the middle east has been to europe rather than across a massive ocean to the us . 
  not to mention how it is much easier and cheaper for a european islamist to travel to syria than it is for an american islamist to do so . 
  also , the number of muslims in the uk is more or less equivalent to that in the us . 
  just sayin ' . 
  -- but anyway , i 've got better thing to do than argue with a * proud patriot * such as yourself . 
  feel free to print out my comments and shoot them or whatever y' all do when you are mad . 
  as far as i 'm concerned if they do n't want to follow our law then we should kick them out . 
  american exceptionalism is a cancer . 
  you talk about it like it was n't over half a century since the civil right act was passed . 
  see , thats why everyone makes fun of you . 
  you still treat your former slaves like subhumans and blame them for everything . 
  in unrelated news , if you take all of the criminals out of the uk then we have no crime . 
  take that , america !, 
  germany is the 16th most populous country in the world . 
  the uk is the 22nd most populous country . 
  both of those countries are certainly not small and are perfectly capable of operating without a political union . 
  well , considering how the financial crisis is being handled in the eurozone the entire system might collapse before that happens . 
  do you think that `` the left '' is some kind of hivemind or something ? 
  having more shootings every year than most of western europe combined is not a success m8 . 
  i 'm guessing you saw that article in the guardian and now assume that everyone who conforms with the ridiculously wide `` left '' label agrees with that eh ? 
   the porn bans limit the porn that you can purchase from common mainstream fetishes to government approved entertainment . 
  no it does n't as its a completely ineffective law and the politicians know it . 
  you can still buy porn which is technically illegal and nobody cares . 
   and who owns the cameras does n't matter when the government gave itself the power to retain their video and use it as their own . 
  are you not reading a word i have written ? 
  they need a court order to get access to data . 
  even then [ cctv data is still covered ] ( https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/cctv/ ) by the [ data protection act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data_protection_act_1998#data_protection_principles ) which states that `` personal data shall be obtained only for one or more specified and lawful purposes , and shall not be further processed in any manner incompatible with that purpose or those purposes '' and `` personal data processed for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes '' . 
   authoritarianism is a spectrum and the usa is n't close to the worst even in western countries . 
  again , that has nothing to do with the fact that the us is a very violent and authoritarian country . 
   you just seem to have a bone to pick with america . 
  american logic : `` you criticised muh cuntry so u must h8 us u stupid yuropeen '', 
   there is no alternative to a united europe in the long term anyway . 
  why not ? 
  that would probably be a lot more palatable to the uk public than a united states of europe as all of the countries are very similar . 
  the problem with a use is that ( 1 ) a lot of europe is very different to us politically which means that the government would do a poor job at representing us ( 2 ) a lot of europe is extremely poor and unifying would cause an immense amount of pressure on our welfare and healthcare systems . 
  the french would have a fit . 
  scotland is n't an independent country so they ca n't join anything without consent from the rest of the uk . 
  oh god no , the last thing we need to do is copy the broken american model . 
  have n't you seen how much political gridlock they have due to the range of attitudes ? 
   so the u.s. was n't above the law , it just was n't subject to iraqi law . 
  the amount of mental gymnastics you must have had to go through to come up with that sentence amazes me . 
  found the kipper . 
  `` that fucking currency which has coins that look like ours so they often get mixed up in shops . '', 
  i 'm guessing that you 're an american who thinks that what fox news reports is a reasonable reflection of what actually goes on in the rest of the world ? 
  there have not been any new porn bans . 
  the only thing they changed was to make online porn subject to the same regulations as offline porn . 
  this is widely considered to be ineffective and only really exists to please the mumsnetters who prefer hitler to porn . 
  99.99 % of cameras in the uk are privately owned . 
  it 's not like it is going into a national surveillance grid where everyone is monitored . 
  if the government want access to it then they have to get a court order . 
  i ca n't see anyone having a problem with that unless you are seriously suggesting that it is wrong for private individuals/businesses to film their own property . 
  besides , this has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that america is a very violent and authoritarian country . 
   we did n't have much of a choice , the iraqis did n't want to extend the protections from prosecution for u.s. personnel . 
  why should they be above the law ? 
  the pm is a bit of a twat . 
  the queen is nice though . 
  if you have to compare yourself to russia you might just have a problem ... 
  i 'm one of those people and i find it absolutely ridiculous . 
  why should i be segregated under a label which does n't even make that much sence ( why are sexuality and gender minorities listed under one label when they are completely unrelated ? ) . 
  i am a human not an alphabet soup . 
  i recommend that you stop reading the daily mail . 
  laibach are controversial ? 
  til . 
   i am talking about most of the r/politics or r/news posts being about the us . 
  well that would be because those subreddits are run by and aimed at americans .
