  that video has a disappointingly clickbaitish title for a cgp grey video . 
  i 'm guessing that he does n't have much knowledge of historical british politics outside of the main points . 
  it sounds like it 's time for the un get replaced with an organisation where one member ca n't veto everything ... 
  australia 's population is also 1/3 of the size of ours . 
  more people means more guns to get rid of . 
  they should n't be pushing anything other than the best option . 
  the reason that oxml sucks is technical not ideological . 
  nothing to do with open source . 
  typical american , assumes that because they are ignorant about the rest of the world that the rest of the world are ignorant about them ... 
  i do n't think comparing what was essentially civil war which happened an entire century ago to the modern police is a reasonable idea . 
  take note , america . 
  not since iraq we are n't . 
  the idea of getting involved in any more wars , especially american wars , is deeply unpopular in the uk . 
   at some point file-sharing was legal [ citation needed ] computers came into existence long after copyright . 
  i agree with you . 
  unfortunately , the uk government will continue to aid the americans and if you disagree with them you are either a paedophile or a terrorist . 
  same for welsh . 
  there are a few people mainly in the north of wales who speak it but it 's not nearly as wide scale as the map suggests . 
  the `` rounded corners '' case is actually a case which has been misreported heavily . 
  what apple have on the iphone is a * design * patent which describes more than just a rounded rectangle . 
  it describes the physical design of the whole phone . 
  whether that should be patentable is a different matter though . 
  look at the images here . 
  this is what they have a patent on . 
  i would n't say that the falkland islands counts as disputed . 
  the situation with argentina is like when my niece [ argentina ] locks herself in her room and says that my sister [ uk ] is n't allowed in because it 's her room . 
  i 'm getting to the point where it seems like abolishing the patent system entirely apart from in some areas which would collapse without it ( e.g. 
  drug creation where they have massive r&d and testing costs to recoup ) would be a massive win for the world . 
  british public opinion is against * any * country from joining the eu . 
  i 'm convinced that farage is n't actually a bigot . 
  he just says shit that he knows will cause drama and therefore get his party exposure . 
  it 's only a stereotype because it 's true . 
  you french have always been salty that the lingua franca ( heh ) of europe is english rather than french . 
  pro-gun americans like comparing the uk and us violent crime statistics as proof that our firearm regulation doens n't work . 
  of course , what they do n't tell you is that the violent crime records in the uk are so lax that even someone being hit by a biscuit was classified as a violent crime . 
  kill the republican scum !, 
  oh come on ... are you seriously still angry about that ? 
  all hail britannia !, 
  you know you have a problem when the czechs and slovakians have less in-work poverty than you ... 
  i wish we could have a geolocked subreddit for only europeans . 
  at the very least the eurozone should be made optional . 
  if that was ever put on the table you 'd find the uk leaving pretty fast . 
  thats probably just due to greece which most people will have forgotten about by 2017 . 
  i ca n't imagine that they would just revoke it without a second thought as that would be like giving all of the uk nationals living in the eu the finger . 
  hell , can you imagine the damage it would do to spain if all of the brits living there had to leave ? 
  that 's a loss of just over 16 in every 1000 people . 
  it depends on how good cameron ( or whoever is pm in 2017 ) is at negotiating . 
  we probably will though . 
  well , okay then . 
  i guess i 'll start now . 
  well , okay then . 
  i guess i 'll start now . 
  no shit ? 
  dropping bombs on them is just going to make us hate them even more . 
  we need to engage with them and find out why they are being radicalised and put into place a system to prevent that . 
  anyone with half a clue is doing the same here . 
  what can we do though ? 
  we have a choice between two parties to rule us . 
  one of those parties is run by cameron and the other brought in the ~ ~ digital economy act ~ ~ which was the first attempt at internet spying legislation . 
  ** edit ** now i think about it the dea was n't the law they passed for surveillance . 
  i ca n't remember the name of the one they did though . 
  i work on communications software and i 'm thinking of leaving . 
  its becoming to risky to work here . 
  they 'd be better off making # 1 coins if they want to counterfeit british currency . 
  9/10 of the ones i see in circulation are fake anyway . 
  a few billion more would n't hurt . 
  we wrote off germanys debts because it would have been unrealistic for them to pay the entire thing back . 
  the least they could do is offer greece the same deal considering greece is still going to be paying off their debts in a thousand years if the troika keep this bullshit . 
  then again , greece is most likely going to go bankrupt and the debtors are going to get nothing and they will only have themselves to blame . 
  sucks to be the eurozone i guess . 
  dear germany , how about you pay us back the 50 % of your debts that we wrote off after the war . 
  after all , you treat others like you want to be treated ... right ? 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  after the tories were re-elected they decided to hold it in 2016 instead of 2017 but then in the last few weeks he changed his mind and put the date back to 2017 . 
  i wonder if the greece problems are anything to do with cameron delaying our referendum until 2017 ( he was originally planning on holding it earlier than expected ) . 
  there are actually some people who seriously think this will kill the eu though . 
  i doubt it will affect the european union that much but i 'd be willing to bet that the eurozone might be on the way out . 
  there are people living in china who have to carry things around manually because they cant afford a horse and cart . 
  why are romanians so entitled ???? 
  pollsters often get things wrong . 
  they fucked up the predictions for the uk general election too . 
  you joke but i think america has already tried to redefine the value of \u03c0 . 
  i do n't know about you but i 'd believe the oecd more than romanian tv propaganda . 
  comparing greece to romania and bulgaria is ridiculous . 
  there 's a reason the people living in the latter two countries are leaving en masse for the rest of the eu . 
  they 're a complete shithole . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_decline#romania https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_decline#bulgaria, 
  i somehow managed to sleep through the entire thing . 
  i woke up to sun and thought my mum was joking when she told me about it . 
  reading about the eurozone crisis almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter . 
  excellent !, 
  we shall be able to re-exert our claim to hong kong what with it being so close . 
  they 're actually pretty hot . 
  i would copy what iceland did . 
  i 'd replace the falkland islands with russia . 
  that would give argentina something real to complain about . 
  it would become 500 % more religious too !, 
  it 's not like we are living in the middle ages . 
  if the monarch ever becomes a problem then we can just abolish the system or demand that they abdicate . 
  it 's [ happened ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_viii_abdication_crisis ) before .
