  sky news is entirely staffed and owned by cunts . 
  how about we swap . 
  spain has the rest of our old conservative voters and the uk gets all of the reasonable spanish people ? 
  unfortunately the people who like the right wing parties are the ones who are more likely to vote . 
  welcome to austerity . 
  is best country !, 
  i agree . 
  he should have called them what they really are : a criminal mob . 
  there was some great jokes from henning wehn in that qi episode . 
  are the toilets that strong over there ? 
  what ? 
  we make fun of france way more than ireland . 
  uk will probably veto every new membership for the next decade or so . 
  no its not . 
  the key word in my sentence was `` all '' . 
  there is no single party who i agree with 100 % . 
  therefore i voted for the party who most closely represents my views even if some of their views are a bit crazy . 
   so you agree that women should n't go to jail and all militiary bases must become natural habitats ? 
  just because you vote for someone does n't mean you have to agree with all of their policies . 
  i ca n't imagine the uk not vetoing any new eu memberships in the next decade or two tbh . 
  it would be political suicide to allow it to expand anymore . 
  can we at least wait until the esa have that moon colony up and running ? 
  his generous salary ... plus all of the expenses for staff ( i.e. 
  his family ) . 
  you 'd think that if he actually cared about the `` money wasting brussels bureaucrats '' he would n't be one of them . 
  wow !, 
  your effective counter-argument has amazed me . 
  i am literally unable to respond to such an effective rebuttal . 
  i 've only covered the major parties which run in the entire country . 
  there are some big ones who run in specific regions like the snp and dup who i have left out . 
  note : this post is completely 100 % biased . 
  ### conservative and unionist party ( aka tories , every derogatory insult ever , etc ) upper-class right-wing tossers who do n't want to conserve anything . 
  strongly against nationalisation and would privatise the monarchy if they could get away with it . 
  ### labour party lazy gits who have never worked a day in their lives and are recently more like red tories than anything else . 
  you might have heard of their last successful leader war criminal tony blair who took us into two american wars which indirectly caused the islamic state situation . 
  [ they might hopefully be changing soon . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-33624145 ) ### liberal democrats ( libdems , liberals , traitors , etc ) a party of few fixed morals . 
  supposedly liberal even though [ they assisted the tories in fucking the country as part of a coalition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcudkjvssaq ) and recently elected a religious homophobe as leader . 
  they quite rightly got decimated in the recent election and their leader is [ so so sorry . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kudjrz30sno ) ### united kingdom independence party ( ukip , swivel eyed loons , etc ) a party who hates the european union so much that their leader takes [ hundreds of thousands of pounds ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/poor-nigel-farage-finds-it-hard-to-get-by-on-109000-a-year-plus-expenses-9901390.html ) to be a member of the european parliament . 
  they claim not to be racist but have had more people kicked out for being racist than all of the other parties put together . 
  a lot of people vote for them as a protest because their leader looks good with a pint in his hand . 
  ### green party of england and wales ( greens , dirty hippies , etc ) a pretty typical left wing party which is popular with students . 
  very similar to what labour were in the past . 
  some of their policies are literally insane such as banning jail sentences for women , leaving nato , turning our military bases into nature habitats and getting rid of all border controls ( i.e. 
  unlimited immigration from everywhere ) . 
  luckily they 're not likely to get any power under fptp anyway so in my opinion they make a good left wing pressure party . 
  full disclosure : this is who i voted for in the election . 
  ### official monster raving loony party ( monster raving loonies , loonies , etc ) . 
  the only sane party in the country . 
  their former leader was a cat . 
  their political position is `` sitting and facing forward '' . 
  their policies are just too sensible for me to list here so [ check their website ] ( http://www.loonyparty.com/about/policy-proposals/ ) . 
  giving away a product for free does n't always have to have a catch . 
  look at the fuss microsoft had with getting people off xp . 
  losing money in the short term to guarantee profit in the long term is a well established concept . 
  unfortunately though microsoft had a ton of goodwill from the community for 10 and managed to fuck it up . 
  i 'm not amused . 
  linux has nowhere near as much game support as windows . 
  not to mention that the ports that do exist are quite often of a lower quality than the windows versions . 
  as a gamer what non-microsoft published games are shipping that require dx12 ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  none of them . 
  no game company is stupid enough to tie their revenue to a microsoft os release considering how much of a failure 8 and 8.1 have been . 
  ... and that 's why i 'm staying on 7 for the time being . 
  if you ca n't work that out from what i 've said already then there is no helping you . 
  nobody is saying that . 
  stop imagining things . 
  it was a typo . 
  i mea n't `` not wrong '' . 
  you apparently clicked before i had chance to edit it . 
  most militaries in the developed world are not using 70 year old equipment . 
  especially not sailing boats . 
  it is not wrong to say that its a nazi ship the same way that a british ship would still be british even if the greeks were using it . 
  * edit * not wrong , not wrong . 
  it was a ship manufactured by nazi germany . 
  that attribute does n't go away just because the yanks own it now . 
  a functional healthcare system . 
  although that was more a consequence of needing to treat people after the war rather than something we stole from the germans . 
  was n't it the saudis who were helping islamic state anyway ? 
  i ca n't feel too sad if they suffer . 
  yeah well , you have to pretend to be french though . 
  toot the fuck out of your horn . 
  worked for me when i could drive . 
  theres quite a lot of immigrants in my town and i feel completely safe walking through it at night . 
  crime has also been dropping year on year even though we have had an increase in immigration . 
  how strange , it 's almost as if you do n't have a clue what you are talking about . 
  you do n't live here . 
  you have no clue how our country works and what problems we have . 
  please stop acting like you do . 
  `` that 's a nice government you have there , would be a shame if it got ... deposed . '', 
  nobody is saying they ca n't ? 
  why would i apologise when i have n't done anything wrong ? 
  she discovered that she had a heart . 
  ^ / s edit : y' all really are as thick as two short planks . 
  how can you not tell that this post was being sarcastic . 
  from what i 've heard they would either need to cut the budget or pass some amendment to increase the contributions of richer countries like germany . 
  do you really think that the eu would be better off if one of the largest contributors to its budget left ? 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  for all of the flaws of the eu we benefit from it a lot more than we suffer .
