   where are europe 's fastest growing economies to be found ? 
  they are in eastern europe . 
  over the past year , gdp has risen by 4.1 per cent in romania , 4 per cent in the czech republic , 3.7 per cent in poland , 3.3 per cent in hungary , 3.1 per cent in slovakia , and by 3 per cent in slovenia . 
  all these growth rates are at least double the average for the european union ( 1.5 per cent ) and triple the eurozone growth rate of 1 per cent . 
  growth rates are kinda pointless unless you are comparing similar countries . 
  it 's a lot easier for your economy to go from 1 to 2 ( 100 % increase ) than it is to go from 100 to 110 ( 10 % increase ) . 
  people with similar culture like to stick together . 
  it 's the same reason you have chinatowns or jewish quarters in places where a lot of people of those cultures live . 
  they 're allowed to have crazy policies like that because they have no chance of getting any kind of power . 
  if they ever came close to getting power you 'd find them drop a lot of their crazy policies very quickly . 
   let 's just call it vandalism with a political goal it 's criminality with a political goal . 
  also known as terrorism . 
  why does america always feel the need to `` help '' people who do n't want to be helped ? 
  the `` special relationship '' is something that only americans believe in . 
  most people here know it for what it really is & mdash ; our politicians helping america to fuck us in the arse and then claim its good for us . 
  we heard that over a week ago when it was first published . 
  sounds like pandas . 
  the amount of money we have spent trying to breed pandas when they are too dumb to live is insane . 
  in general . 
  i used to run something like this for my personal use so that i did n't get into massive arguments with kippers/trolls/etc . 
  the amount of tags got a bit out of hand memory-wise though . 
  how is this an attempt to regulate free speech ? 
  it 's not like they have been following them anyway . 
  might as well make it explicit . 
  do n't come to the uk . 
  its shit here . 
  yeah well we do n't feel the same about you . 
  piss off . 
  i have a better proposal : rename it to something completely different which has no connection to the republicans or loyalists . 
   american imperialism does n't exist . 
  the us does n't want to own these lands , they just want to feel safe . 
  where '' ` feeling safe '' is defined as deposing leaders who do n't agree with you and replacing them with leaders who do . 
  america has a long history of doing this . 
  letting asylum seekers in only works if you give them an education and teach them on how to integrate in their host country . 
  if they do n't want to do that then throw them out, 
  germany is essentially the king of the eurozone . 
  near enough . 
  i think another important question is whether the whales are being killed humanely . 
  are we including california ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that everything has health warnings on it over there because it is known to cause cancer . 
  even the air !, 
  we get to have the privilege of / r/europe telling us how much we hate the eu and that we should leave because everyone on the mainland hates us . 
  yay !, 
  i find it quite ironic considering how neo nazis ( and the daily mail ... or am i repeating myself ? ), 
  seem to be so opposed to the eu considering how the nazis were the last ones to attempt a european super state . 
  edit : do i need to ` / s ` * every * joke on this board ? 
  that uk figure is far too high . 
  it 's cheaper to just replace them with entirely automated trains though . 
  the dlr already uses them . 
  they 're awesome . 
  they 're unioned out of the wazoo so we ca n't do that . 
  the cunts get paid # 50k/year for what is basically an unskilled job because if if they strike they shut down the financial hub of the world . 
   i never said it is similiar , but we have the same values dont we ? 
  i have a polish family living next door . 
  they 're nice but they share more or less the same amount of values with us as any other immigrant . 
   if you dont want polish immigrants , kick them out i have no problem with it . 
  since you accepted them you have to deal with them . 
  we could n't even if we wanted to . 
  theres this little thing called free movement of persons within the eu and we could n't opt out of it without leaving the eu entirely which would be a business disaster . 
  we have to waste our own money making cycle paths though . 
   so because people from poland emigrate to other countrys it means we have to accept other people that are not in the eu dont have a culture that is similiar to ours . 
  you could say the same about the uk . 
  polish culture is not similar to british culture . 
  why should we have to allow polish immigrants into the uk ? 
   more brits left uk to other countries ( as immigrants ) than immigrants other nationalities came in ... only they did n't because thats a load of bullshit . 
   ** 641,000 people immigrated to the uk in 2014 , a statistically significant increase from 526,000 in 2013 . 
  ** there were statistically significant increases for immigration of eu ( non-british ) citizens ( up 67,000 to 268,000 ) and non-eu citizens ( up 42,000 to 290,000 ) . 
  immigration of british citizens increased by 7,000 to 83,000 , but this was not statistically significant . 
   ** an estimated 323,000 people emigrated from the uk in 2014 . 
  ** overall emigration levels have been relatively stable since 2010 . 
  source : http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/may-2015/stb-msqr-may-2015.html, 
  only , like everything , nobody else wants to watch french tv whereas everyone want to watch ours . 
  most people in france speak english . 
  most people in the uk do not speak any language other than english . 
  nothing to complain about ? 
  fucking tube drivers . 
  we should fire the lot of them and automate the entire network . 
  what a cunt . 
  parliament has ultimate power so its not possible for a referendum to be binding here . 
  in fact , they have so much power that they ca n't even be bound by previous parliaments . 
  it might sound weird to people who do n't use such a system but then other systems sound weird to us . 
  looks like you do n't have a clue how politics in the uk works . 
  i doubt they would do that . 
  cameron is n't that crazy . 
  he does n't want the tories to go the way of the liberal democrats . 
  there 's a lot wrong with it when you expected beef but got horse . 
  luckily its the people who are deciding whether we stay in the eu not the politicians . 
  tories listening to the capitalists rather than the scientists ? 
  what a surprise !, 
  north korea ? 
  piss off obama . 
  we can make decisions about our country without you getting involved . 
  i do n't know if you had noticed but margaret thatcher died two years ago and has n't been a mp since 1992 . 
  what we supposed to do ? 
  dig up her corpse and put it on trial like what happened after the civil war ? 
  you do n't have a clue what you 're talking about . 
  there has been a * massive * outrage . 
  if you 're a doctor and you are happy with your patients being in pain then maybe you should n't be a doctor . 
  just in time for them to cut all of the renewable subsidies . 
  want to swap ?
