  muslims and extremism . 
  but this does n't seem to be the case when it 's the opposing viewpoint . 
  because if it was a state it would be called `` turkey '' not north cyprus . 
  probably because they keep calling the wrong bits of land palestine . 
  that was a joke just in case . 
  top response is about right . 
  probably because they have only just sprung up in the past like what , 5 years ? 
  will have to see if they actually stick around after the constant bombings and fights . 
  and whatever actions the international community actually does and to see that effect on isis . 
  why exactly would they erect a statue of him anyway ? 
  seems rather obscure . 
  well if you said there were `` too many muslims '' you think the reaction to that statement would be anything but claims of hatred and racism ? 
  except you do have the resources to house a refugee , you just simply do n't want to make any effort and if one appeared at your doorstep you would n't let them in . 
  if it 's so costly for you to house them how much do you think it would cost governments to house hundreds of thousands of them ? 
  i did n't go through a visa process because i was born and grew up in my country as have my parents and they have contributed to this society by working and paying their taxes . 
  just like those refugees did not apply for a visa in their home country . 
  if i went to any other country i would have to do a similar process to live and work there and many others are a lot harsher on foreigners let alone refugees . 
  refugees are a drain on resources , that is fact . 
  you ca n't expect western europe to house the world because of political discourse , it is a short term solution to a long term problem that will in the end not help anyone . 
  rather than being naive in thinking we can just give every person a home when in the uk in particular there is a housing shortage that even the british born are finding it hard to get a house . 
  tax is enforced , basic education is enforced . 
  things like these are enforced because they are necessary for the countries stability . 
  having an immigration policy is not xenophobic . 
  if you disagree feel free to let strangers into * your * home like all the others who want to `` help '' people without actually helping them . 
  critical member geographically but also one of the biggest hinderances of security . 
  literally this is the post below this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3utuja/war_with_isis_president_obama_demands_that_turkey/  turkey had kept that border crossing open while isis was in control on the southern side , but immediately closed it when the ypg seized the crossing point . 
  and it wo n't matter because people will keep trying to help them despite how much they spit it back in their faces . 
  this is our downfall . 
  context is important . 
  any other day before last friday would have had a lesser reaction . 
  although to be honest i would n't react unresponsive if someone shouted that near me . 
  what happened to that guy afterwards ? 
  because nobody cares . 
  people who hear rumours about twats they do n't like wo n't care about the validity of the claim . 
  why do they deserve an opportunity when they broke the law to get there ? 
  because they have a family ? 
  to think you are owed by the country whose borders you illegally subverted is highly selfentitled and hypocritical . 
  `` legalise the situation '' ? 
  so basically pardon those that broke the law ? 
  of course maintaining a border is selfish in 2016 i forgot . 
  what is socialist about either of those ? 
  i think you are mixing up socialism for political correctness which is not inherent of socialism at all . 
  ignoring the click bait headline of the second article the point being made is that if there was a sufficient amount of government regulated schools for muslim children then they are less likely to be under the influence of someone with an extremist agenda to combat home grown terrorists . 
  believe it or not there are people who do n't watch tv anymore . 
  there 's this thing called the internet . 
  the definition has been mostly used in recent years to describe english nationalists that show racist or xenophobic views . 
  oh look , more clickbait to satisfy the users on this sub and stroke their own ego . 
  tough shit is the answer to that . 
  oh look , a german speaking on behalf of the whole of europe like they run the show , what is new . 
  we all have our anecdotes , we need to focus on differentiating the cunts from the non-cunts . 
   but ... he had no choice but to say that . 
  he did n't , he only said it to save face . 
  cherry pick as much as you like , lies are lies , the only reason farage or boris are being held to it is because the status quo lost and people are furious but the pm is never held to the same standard . 
  if you want to boil it down to `` it 's just politics '' , then maybe that is the mindset leave voters have . 
   it was a given that he would resign . 
  of course he would . 
  nobody expected otherwise . 
  except for when he said he would n't . 
  i voted remain . 
  you ca n't pin the leave campaign for every little lie that comes out boris 's or farages mouth and give a pass to him . 
  if david cameron was n't pm he would have voted leave . 
  well it shows it was all posturing rather than any committment , it is also relevant since he did call the referendum . 
  google results do n't really represent what are the regularly used terms by people . 
  notice none of those links do n't even take you to any major newspaper or news source like the bbc , itv , or sky news . 
  do you live in the uk ? 
  all my life , maybe once or twice i have heard it used in this country . 
  french is the first option usually . 
  spanish because that 's where most are thinking of retiring . 
  because certain countries in europe lack any balls to make hard decisions to maintain the security of the eu . 
  enjoy the lack of a constitution , remember to be courteous to lord erdogan and not say anything that may slightly upset him . 
  there is a bigger problem of racism against asians , specifically arabs i would argue given the current issues that are pressing in the world . 
  blm is trying to make it sound like black people are being oppressed much more than any other minority in the uk it is pathetic . 
  it 's why i 'm also sceptical that they are also not from the future . 
  funny you mention joining isis yet turkey voted for the one guy who allows isis to get away with the atrocities it commits to the kurds and iraqi people . 
  unless you do n't live in turkey you wo n't be supporting him in the near future as a secular turk . 
  while a cute swedish girl from the future sounds fascinating in itself that information is unhelpful . 
  while people agree the war was wrong and he should stand trial there are people who like blair for almost everything else he did during his time as pm , he won a landslide election and generally everything was going fine until the 2007/08 financial crash and it was n't till after did we see the results of iraq . 
  i think that contributes to the people who openly defend him and those that keep their mouth shut simply because they do n't want to outright damn him . 
  not take in thousands of uneducated muslims that have no interest in integrating with western civilisation ? 
  yeah now it 's time for the * actual * coup . 
  so your argument is because they had no power to begin with but resigned and would n't even stand to take power then they should n't be expected to take responsibility ? 
  pathetic . 
  i think the point is it 's disingenuous for leave campaigners to resign now that we are leaving . 
  they clearly do n't want to deal with the trouble of making sure the country is stable and expecting the people who wanted to stay to come up with the plan . 
  if you think that 's reasonable then i 'm sorry , from any point of view that is a dickish thing to do . 
  northern ireland is not with ireland for a reason that is more pressing than being in the eu despite the single market . 
  there is the literal chance of civil war again if people push for a united ireland immediately after brexit . 
  scotland leaving is much more likely however . 
  she 's not going to invoke it any time soon until she is out of the way of the backlasb . 
  until she explores the options to avoid putting herself in the main seat when the country makes that plunge she wo n't invoke it as the tories know what havok it will wreak . 
  i remember when i first saw a poster with a stock photo of men doing science and thought `` wow i can do that too ! '', 
   endland well , you tried . 
  but seriously the english come a close second , the russians are way ahead of them . 
  yes . 
  but it 's not unconstitutional by any means . 
  it will just damage the party that does not follow through irreversibly . 
  the only step they did was put it to a non-legally abiding vote to see what the population thought . 
  everyone immediately shat themselves as if it was the real thing and the government would actually follow through it straight away . 
  is n't that the supposed reason we voted brexit ? 
  because our votes `` would n't have mattered '' ?
