some german politicians are willing to throw under the bus the whole fucking eu !, 
  and for what ?!, 
  is this hoarding of mostly welfare shoppers so fucking important now ? 
  this , at what point does being a humanitarian stop being higher priority than financial and cultural stability ? 
  the only reason germany wants the migrants anyway is so they can get the skilled workers they need , fuck all the rest , as soon as they get what * they * need being humanitarian is no longer necessary . 
  the difference is that most if not all of the eu disagreed with the uk , now germany is in our shoes but instead they still believe they are right . 
  ideally everyone should help , but that is not going to happen . 
  do you force everyone to donate to charity ? 
  no you do n't . 
  you ca n't force us to take them and you can shame all you want but the gulf states care even less and the only consequences they face are snide remarks . 
  so basically the burden is on western europe because other countries are shitty . 
  that is not a practical solution . 
  surprised i have n't been downvoted to oblivion yet and called a racist . 
  either people are a bit more chill now or this comment just needs to be viewed more first . 
  majority of people in the world are women . 
  do n't see the point here . 
  good . 
  they can stop trying to cross calais then . 
   i wish we swedes did the same . 
  we instead are becoming the most racist country in europe . 
  this amuses me , still one for the most tolerant countries in the world turning racist over the course of a few months . 
  perhaps people should listen to the concerns of the electorate rather than dismiss them as racists ? 
  did n't say there was , i 'm asking why would that make someone racist ? 
  if they really wanted to integrate and become with the new multicultural world they would apply through the proper channels . 
  a few somalians opening some somalian cuisine shop down the road is less beneficial to society than the welfare to help them contribute something like that . 
  i 'd rather have a mundane culture and security than free flowing borders . 
  if i really wanted to experience their culture i would actually go to the country , which makes more sense and would be more effective . 
  you would n't send your kid to a school where they spoke the same language ? 
  if racists are the ignorant ones you certainly are n't doing them justice . 
  i think the rest of britain would want them to union with ireland just as much as the rest of the world . 
   they 're basically just caving to the demands of the loud troublemakers and destroying the community for everybody else . 
  it 's not just the anti-immigration crowd or racists that do this . 
  that guy is the best he should have won . 
   complaining about how they want to leave the eu . 
  if everyone was made to watch eurovision here that referendum in 2017 will be a landside in leaving . 
  it is a popularity contest at the end of the day honestly . 
  it 's not who sings best it 's whatever stands out and who is your favourite country , voting shows this but some countries do vote genuinely . 
  it 's eurovision , they are bringing it upon themselves by partaking in it . 
  so this year everyone is swooning and ca n't bring themselves to hate russia cause cute girl . 
  and she honestly thought that would mean only syrians come ? 
  reckless political posturing . 
  you mean like any other flag of a country ? 
  it 's not a political gesture it is showing solidarity , the difference here being they are throwing away the flag because of their political views . 
  i suppose but someone may still suspect he is the same person and do the same . 
  if anything i think more detail would make it harder to misidentify someone . 
  why do they censor the cousins full name and the picture of him if the police are looking for hin ? 
  religion is their education in most places and that is a problem . 
  i think if it 's their first trip to syria that is more concerning honestly , makes you question what business do they have there of all places especially if they grew up in a western european country with no preexisting relationship to anyone there . 
  you would have thought that people traveling to syria at this point in time is a huge red flag unless they are associated with some relief effort . 
  question : is she a native dutch citizen or is she one of those first generation youths after her parents moved to the country ? 
  well that was random , there is no hate for religions or creeds when it 's time to hate the english above all else . 
  nothing illegal , although even if the age of consent was 16 and she was that age still creepy as fuck that he is interested in the youngest girl he can possibly go for at his age . 
  does n't change the fact you would be fucking someone who just barely turned of legal age either . 
  the former would require the greatest form of democracy ever conceived to form a superstate that would be able to function as such and keep the interests of each european state . 
  the problem being the bureaucratic process is incredibly slow that it would be ineffective in dealing with sudden problems until the damage is done . 
  if more people in wales realised how much eu funding is done for projects in wales they would wonder how any outside government could be more generous than the uk . 
  better than this fucking government for sure . 
  thank god for the uk makes sense from a mainland european perspective since car travel between countries is more common than to the uk . 
  forgetting that the only reason that north korea still exists after the korean war is because of china . 
  now china wants out but just wants a buffer zone between them and south korea . 
  anywhere . 
  they obviously do n't want to be identified so put them somewhere completely different where they do n't want to go . 
  taking in refugees is not purely about economics and should n't be , plenty of countries manage without taking them in without major hindrance . 
  rick rolling because nothing is more funny than a decade old meme . 
  if there was a country where rape was openly legal would you respect that ? 
  most already do n't recognize gay marriages , and even if they do they are attacking the wrong people for a start , but even then black mail should n't work on us . 
  and any country to seriously consider banning foreigners from marrying or being married is not a country i would ever visit in my lifetime anyway . 
  you ca n't arrest a gypsy because some other gypsies marry children . 
  they actually have to commit the act or show intent you know ? 
  i do n't think that has stopped hypocrisy on their part . 
  the difference is there is more evidence than just `` traveling to syria '' . 
  they are openingly supporting the fall of western civilization and isis yet no action is taken , a death threat is a crime , any other threat of violence is a crime . 
  and your solution is to let them carry on doing what they do and `` shoot them as combatants '' which if you believe the situation is as complicated as it is then it 's not that simple , fact is people are going to syria and coming back and those are radicals who we do not want . 
  unless action is taken to find stop these people and stomp out radicalization without the fear of being called a racist by someone who believes women are worth less than animals and homosexuals should be killed . 
  yes how uncivilized , we should allow then to be raped then follow the proper proceedings for giving them a lenient sentence . 
  better than allowing them to rape you i suppose . 
   minority report creepy feeling . 
  if in the movie the criminals outright made their movies clear which is the case here , instead of predicting the future . 
  they should be arrested and trialed . 
  they will most likely head to syria then return , and then what ? 
  as we have already seen they seem to come and go rather easily already . 
  also to add to currently : vw scandal . 
  i 'm not one to think other manufacturers probably are not doing similar practices , but at least the value of my car will be for now still intact . 
  then should n't that be a good thing for nonbelievers ? 
  should be praising him really for doing that . 
  you have less to leverage with , simple as . 
  the eu has it 's own problems within itself such as fucking more countries over than others and refusing to reform despite a growing opposition . 
  we dreamed of a future of liberalism but at some points europe has gone way to far the opposite direction . 
  i 'd say he is the most forward thinking pope to date . 
  of all the things he 's said i disagree with some of it but is generally the right viewpoint christians and other religions need . 
  i thought all those refugees were trained engineers and doctors ? 
  crazy , this is what they say when you go `` far left '' , compromising one group of people for another . 
  once those refugees are actually living in your town or ghettos are set up peoples opinions will change drastically . 
  it 's easy for people to complain about the worlds problems from the comfort of your home but when they move next door then people polarize really quickly , people do n't realize how selfish we are when it comes to actually doing something . 
  so everyone loses because we ca n't simply look after each other equally . 
  i 've noticed i 've become more conservative by today 's standards , i 'm not sure if my views have changed or just the world i live in has gone farther left than i have . 
  if this was the uk or any other country you would probably use the same argument `` when did people in the uk become nazis hurrdurr ? '', 
  it 's about invalidating the opposing argument so that they can boil it down to `` you 're racist you 're wrong '' and that 's it . 
  and the thing is even if those people genuinely disliked immigrants that does n't make the point that there are too many many of them coming in any less truthful . 
  as many liberal leaning people would say , you ca n't paint groups of people with broad strokes i.e.
