  we were fucked from the start when we had n't got our own house in order trying to decide on something collectively as this . 
  but they are technically already part of it ? 
  because we are not comparable to scotland and do n't have the same self-sustainability to go alone , especially as it will mean giving up the pound . 
  that has completely nothing to do with the uks situation and is just a huge generalisation of elderly people . 
  by british you mean english where the stereotypical british accents come from . 
  weird twists in history , vikings steal the hot women and now modern swedes are just giving them to other foreign invaders . 
  they remember the time before we were in the eu , being in the eu * was * the change they disliked . 
   we should take a look at how to improve the eu . 
  you mean the reform that will not happen as they have already rejected calls for reform from the uk . 
  we 're leaving the eu not adopting the euro fyi . 
  yes that does n't quite fit , make that progressives or better yet regressives . 
  i 've realised that the liberal ideal means taking the good and bad that comes with it , but with an educated , tolerant , and integrated society the amount of good people should significantly outweigh the bad . 
  however what constitutes bad and good is manipulated by people with their own personal perspective of what is bad and enforces their own agenda to limit liberties of people by labelling as such to further silence them . 
  think calling someone racist or sexist to discredit them and thus control the conversation of the issues affecting everyone at the end of the day . 
  unfortunately that means nothing for this year . 
  the russian fans are on another level of hooliganism , they are stuck in the same mindset of 1970s and 80s level of english football fans . 
  that and they are disturbingly organised . 
  the fact you can be prosecuted for insulting a politician across the world shows what nonsense ultra-liberal mindset europeans have , seems the words you use have more repercussions than the actions you could take . 
  so what the uk was 20 + years ago ? 
  but still , what difference does it make . 
  better to try than not at all . 
  but if this was a terrorist attack , why wait till the plane is overseas before detonating ? 
  why not over the mainland where it can cause more damage ? 
  i thoroughly enjoyed getting pissed and playing [ drinking games ] ( http://eurovisiondrinkinggame.co.uk/ ) . 
  i still enjoyed despite most of the performances being shit this year . 
  implying this has never happened in previous years ... 
  it 's not hidden , it 's blatantly referencing russia if you just read them . 
  how can you say lyrics are the least relevant part of eurovision songs then say you did n't like the belgium song because it was about something you did n't like regardless of the actual tune ? 
  if we are to accept that everyone was voting genuinely to the best sounding singer why would that be russia ? 
  it 's mainly due to the visual projections and climbing a wall , i almost thought it was impressive until i stopped looking and actually listened to it and heard it was nothing special . 
  everyone can keep pretending the eurovision is not political but that is typical attitudes really , pretending bias has little effect on it is naive . 
  if you do n't believe this then explain why ukraine had a very unforeseen win . 
  i never said thats what the entire votes are based off , i said it has some influence , and to argue it does n't is rather arrogant . 
  many of the eastern bloc countries vote for russia and always have , but ukraine has had a unusual amount of support particularly because the choice of song that was political if you read the lyrics , if it 's all about catchy beats there were much better choices for winners like belgium . 
  pretty much the same number of welsh flags you could see in the crowd :p, 
  im not talking about the song , it had nothing to do with the voting , if it was any other country it would have gathered some votes just for being different . 
  it was clearly for the migrant crisis . 
  even if none of the songs were political in nature the phone vote would be . 
  that was sarcasm ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that had some influence . 
  and for what , rip off visual performance that was similar to last year . 
  it really is though , how can people deny this . 
  yup , basically the phone vote says fuck you russia . 
  well that position has come back to normality . 
  at least better than germany , again , keep it up merkel . 
  thank you malta , i know where our foriegn aid should be going . 
  germany is fucked , the past year did not help them . 
  can tell how europe feels about their certain policies ... 
  something about two people from sweden and norway being the first to reply makes me chuckle . 
  what am i watching, 
  i was actually blown away by that . 
  that song should win . 
  i wish my country had no place in the eurovision . 
  ( uk but we are subject to it and the singer is welsh so yeah ), 
  another cost effective process is not letting any of them in . 
  now that these people have died there needs to be police resources used to invetigate and find anyone complicit in the attack . 
  there is always a cost associated with every action but not doing any action to ensure safety does nothing to improve sweedish lives , no amount of multiculturalism is worth 0 security . 
  it does and people do n't realize it . 
  people have been hugely misinformed for decades about the effect immigration had on wales which was almost negligible compared to england . 
  this is due to a lack of independent media that focuses on wales rather than england , often you see statistics being lumped together as `` england and wales '' which is often what gives a warped view of what is actually the case . 
  polish . 
  the white van men were not pleased when they came , but as soon as brown people from * outside * the eu started getting in that was final straw we had to leave . 
  scotland is not a kingdom either . 
  the more relevant question is `` is wales a country '' and given the existence of its own devolved assembly then yes if you were to consider scotland it 's own country . 
  the kingdom of england has not existed since 1707 . 
  the kingdom of england stopped existing in 1707 . 
  like it literally stopped existing as it formed the uk with scotland . 
  if scotland leaves it will still be the uk , so obviously the unions existence does not depend on if scotland leaves but rather the union of those that are left . 
  i believe it can . 
  i do n't know why people are getting this idea it ca n't like what exactly is it that we ca n't afford ? 
  we do n't need anywhere near the same range of expenditure as england unless people have the wrong expectations of being independent . 
  you should look at the reality not wishful thinking . 
  if you are going to fully support a government you should recognise when you are getting screwed over not simply take it . 
  that 's if we are given a bigger piece of the cake or will england just not distribute it back out at all . 
   on the other hand , scotland leaving would mean no more appeasement to the scots-nats which would mean the barnett formula can be removed and wales could receive much better funding . 
  this is a strange state , but i guess it means no matter the result it 's not a disaster for me . 
  wishful thinking , we 've always got the wrong end of the stick and that 'll continue while we are on the leash of england . 
  the government announced it 'll give 1.3 billion for the swansea city deal over 15 years . 
  in the eu we were getting that much over 5 years . 
  how different would an independent england be from the current united kingdom ? 
  it would n't , practically synonymous . 
  there 's never been an specific `` anti-eu '' sentiment in wales , it 's always about immigrants but specifically arabs in most recent years , but there is such a huge information gap of the differences between wales and england that issues surrounding the effects of immigration on communities is overstated and not applicable to wales . 
  it also feels like for people in england that being british is just synonymous to being english , they pretty much hold all the cards in the union despite efforts by politicians and media portraying being british as a completely separate entity from being english , welsh , scottish , or northern irish . 
  i know , she said she wants to have the vote late 2018 - early 2019 which will be near the end of negotiations for leaving the eu ( which i think will take the full amount of time if a deal is to be struck in the end ) , and i believe that timing is slightly premature . 
  i do n't see any reason may would really allow her to be at the table , probably because in her view they do n't want to waste time talking about scotland or any special exceptions for scotland as i do n't think it 'll make much difference to the end deal if there is one . 
  its going to be a trump wall i.e. 
  mostly fence . 
  not the triple crown however or the new record . 
  would n't scotland go to 4th if they win ? 
  while finishing top of the group would be ideal we are n't going to get what we want if we are not prepared for group even with nz . 
  i want to see the number of people against scotland independence quoting economic experts as evidence against independence . 
  the irony will be lost on them for sure . 
  i think the vote is slightly premature , should wait a bit longer for negotiations to start after triggering article 50 , then as soon as uk leaves the eu and see the immediate effects , scotland will ( in theory ) leave the uk . 
  we 'll gladly pay for it if you give england a bollocking next weekend . 
  economy is n't everything in this day and age apparently when it comes to referendums lately . 
  do n't have to claim anything like that , just doing the deed will be enough closure for everyone . 
  is n't that more torturous than executing him then ? 
  it 's obvious he is beyond reintroducing to society , so the only end outcome is death . 
  so is this about morals of killing or suffering ? 
  i remember when politicians never lied , then trump came along and changed everything .
