encryption a hash is only really crackable by brute forcing , if right now i hash and salt my passwords its impossible to decrypt if the salt and hashing algorithm are both good . 
  example : here 's the `` correcthorsebatterystable '' password from the xkcd comic put through a hashing and salting program i just googled - 2056c3f9c7471131d8649893d036fc75adad2a598e0ba3180337951a1a593538 75d151a92d3487b969ab0e221363cf0dfbaddffbd38d6c788f650ed5b5d755a6 if this was a truly random and secure password it would literally take years to decrypt this very short message , the cracking time would be far more difficult if it was a larger file being encrypted ( such as a http packet being sent )  choudary this is already done though as evidenced by the fact that he was arrested and sentenced to jail . 
  my main original point is that there 's nothing that can be done to stop the children of refugees from doing something . 
   encryption is a game that can always be broken completely untrue . 
  true encryption is , by its very purpose , impossible to crack if strong passwords are used . 
  facebook would severely harm it 's reputation if they damaged their encryption methods ( not to mention the fact that right now i can encrypt a message , making it unreadable to anyone without their private keys and make it impossible for anyone to be able to read it . 
  even if facebook `` shared data '' . 
   anjem choudary as i said again , tell me exactly where i said i 'd be against it . 
  if someone openly said he wanted to harm people anyone would be arrested . 
  if i said `` im going to kill someone '' my religion doesnt matter . 
  you think we should have domestic vetting by just enforcing laws that already exist in every developed country on earth ? 
  why is that even a question ? 
   legal documentation ignoring the fact that you 'd be fucking over a large portion of the population who may not have documentation and do want to enter a country legally ( syria is hardly a reliable source for providing identity documents ) do you really think that isis doesnt have legal documentation ? 
   monitor individual communications literally impossible , someone who wanted to talk to isis over even facebook have fully encrypted connections end to end . 
  no way for the government to look in either side  complete ban of muslims please tell me where i said that . 
  im saying there isnt a magical vetting process like you seem to believe that instantly figures out who 's gon na kill someone and who isnt . 
  and if they 're recruited online like many terrorists have been before ? 
  you seriously think you can monitor the world 's internet with the excuse `` we need to make sure you 're not a terrorist '' ? 
  im still curious on what `` vetting process ca n't just be only at the initial point of immigration , but rather to be done on mosques and islamic leaders to make sure they are not teaching messages to radicalize the youth '' you plan on doing . 
  you do realise its really easy to lie ? 
  `` do you have links to terrorism '' `` no '' `` welcome to the country mr. bin laden '', 
  it doesnt matter if the parents dont have terrorist links , its the children that are commiting the terrorist attacks . 
  there 's no way to test if the child of someone will make links to a terrorist group ( not that they 'd even need links to a terrorist group , they could really easily just act alone ), 
  that is n't vetting , that 's preventative measures to reduce the risk . 
  i ask again , someone from syria crosses the border and claims asylum . 
  what magical test will determine if his kids will be a terrorist ? 
  no , but you 'd think it was stupid if i said `` ban all cars , they kill thousands per year '' or `` ban all planes , they kill thousands per year '' . 
  why should it change for terrorism ? 
  why would intention to harm mean anything ? 
  you 're many thousands of times more likely to die in a car crash than to die from a terrorist attack . 
  you think the ira bombings was `` when fucking dinosaurs ruled '' from the `` 1700 '' ' ? 
  the ira bombings was in 1969 to 1998 . 
  here 's a list of the attacks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_bombings_during_the_northern_ireland_troubles_and_peace_process or do you really think something that was happening during a person who is 30 's lifetime at dinosaurs ruling ? 
  you may want to check your history bud . 
  edit : before you begin spouting that `` well they wasnt that bad '' as linked in the wikipedia article there was 10,000 bombings during 1969-1998 attributed to the ira . 
  so we should all fear plane crashes , car crashes and falling coconuts ? 
  its a low chance for all of them but `` a very small part of a very large number can still be too many '', 
  go back a few decades and i could say the exact same about ireland . 
  bad people exist , irish people was n't mass deported due to the ira and neither should muslims . 
  more than around 20,000 out of 1.6 billion . 
  that works out at about 0.00125 % chance that a muslim you meet is a member of isis ( these are all us government statistics ) that 's so ridiculously insignificant it 's unreal, 
  yea the amount of rapes would dwindle , because there 's less people . 
  if canada suddenly accepted 50 million people rape rates would shoot up , because there 's more people . 
  this is completely ignoring the fact that sweden has one of the broadest rape definition in the world classing even inappropriate touching as rape . 
  a quick google of the grenade attacks in sweden reveals a large majority of them are related to gang crime , but i 'm guessing you 'll blame that on immigrants too ? 
   by letting in millions of refugees who will never integrate if he 's making claims about islam as a whole and i have a case to prove him wrong then yea , i get to prove his point wrong . 
  its the equivalent of saying `` all rabbits have white fur '' . 
  his point is wrong if i find a rabbit with black fur . 
  or am i wrong because `` i dont speak for all rabbits because i found one '' . 
  he 's found a small minority in a religious group with 1.6 billion members . 
  to follow on with your logic , `` so you saw someone do something wrong , you get to account for all muslims '' ? 
  islam is a giant community , `` too many '' is such a tiny insignificant proportion of the total muslim population in the world . 
  you got downvoted because you believe there is a magical vetting method that can read the minds of unborn children to see if they will attack people . 
  because people left leaning cant lose someone ? 
  so what magical vetting plan do your propose that can find out what the children of someone will do ? 
  in other news , water proves to be wet . 
  i do n't agree with you at all , what lines are you planning on reading between ? 
  mistyped , meant to put a group of countries . 
  and destroy relations between countries lasting hundreds of years ? 
  there may be some idiots on politics but i 'm glad you are n't one of them . 
  i reckon it 's due to an age thing , the vast majority of brexit voters was older ( all my grandparents voted for brexit whereas all their children voted against it ) and most of the things on this list are things that used to exist when they was younger . 
  you 've stated accusations , you 've not stated how the eu magically gains power in america for their words to mean anything at all . 
  please elaborate how the eu , a country which holds exactly 0 power in america would label one of their oldest allies president as illegitimate . 
  how does this prove anything ? 
  i think i once saw one of my dad 's tires saying `` made in west-germany '' . 
  i wonder if its just the mold for the product that was made there then they never got bothered to change it or if it was actually made there . 
  i dont understand the immigrant argument entirely , when we was in the eu we had control of borders ( relative to other countries in the eu ) and had free trade whereas now one of those things are gon na get screwed over . 
  if im honest i cant really remember the last time i saw a made in eu label on anything i 've bought . 
  i dont see many brits actually supporting brexit on here . 
  most people i know irl think it was a stupid idea , however grandparents on both sides of my family think it was an amazing idea ( mostly just talking about immigration ), 
  i wonder that too , if people had been fed honest facts about brexit and then decided they thought that it would be best to leave i 'd be fine . 
  the main thing that 's annoying is that people just read `` wow , look at all this money we 're giving to the eu '' along with terrorist hysteria and decided to leave . 
  not that i think it changes anything , people voted to leave and as stupid as i think it was we 're gon na have to leave . 
  only krokodil ? 
  i 'd definitely try something strong . 
  if it makes you feel better i was definitely interested in it . 
  if you 're referencing ww2 i believe you 'll find it was the soviet union that won the war . 
  i did n't dislike your comment , unless my vote counts for 8 people . 
  is it not my right of opinion to say north america is corrupt ? 
  or does that only apply when it 's the same as you think ? 
  liberals are more common within the younger age group with levels of people identifying as republican rising with age . 
  `` than european countries '' you 're acting like europe is one giant country . 
  its the equivalent of saying `` there is a high level of corruption in north america '' because of mexico ranking low . 
  wait wot , gay marriage isnt legal nation wide in the uk ? 
  edit : ah , northern ireland . 
  accidental shootings happen in almost every country on earth . 
  im pretty sure you 're right . 
  parliament gets its power to rule through the queen , therefore i 'd argue since the queen has the highest level of power it ca n't be overturned by someone else . 
  obviously terrorists would realise `` ah , i would n't want to break the law . 
  let me just decrypt my attacklocations.txt file . '', 
  pork faggots are really nice when done properly , otherwise it 's just tasteless mush . 
  because an accidental firing is intentionally shooting people ? 
  yea if it 's a light wound i 'd definitely out my money on ricochet . 
  sniper bullet damage paths through the body are scary and i 'd definitely put my money on life threatening if they was hit directly . 
  if brexit is successful i will shoot rainbows out the tips of my fingers . 
  reason brexit was a stupid idea number # 5074, 
  but according to your logic nobody should be able to collect voted right ? 
  comparing brexit to suicide is the most idiotic thing i 've read all day . 
  if you 'd rather live in a dictatorship ( what you 're describing ) feel free to move to russia .
