   i do n't really get why you believe that is a good thing . 
  most people have done away with these archaic institutions , thankfully . 
  most people didnt have the change to have them in the first place , africa never really had anything similar , us is relatively new as far as countries go . 
  the only examples are in europe where a good chunk of monarchs still exist with the exceptions being ones that was killed during revolutions due to poor living condiitons . 
   so what ? 
  how many other countries are able to have that ? 
  its a thing that makes the uk and other countries with monarchies unique . 
   and how many people do you think visits ny for the sole purpose of seeing the statue of liberty ? 
  and do you think that if the statue of liberty no longer existed people would go to the site and buy overpriced food and drinks and stare at the sky for hours ? 
  i 've already gave you multiple links showing that the royal family brings in a ton of money through tourism . 
  i dont get why you 're attempting to refute facts . 
  its owned by the royal family , thats the land they owned before they became monarchs . 
  it 's been passed down through generations owned by the royal family until 1760 when king george iii surrendered the land to the government and all the profits it made in exchange for the government paying for his life . 
  ( this has always been that the land generates more profit than the royal family takes '' . 
   landmarks would exist independent of there being a monarchy . 
  nobody is suggesting bulldozing buckingham palace . 
  there 's other landmarks in london besides buckingham palace also . 
  but it wouldnt hold it 's significance . 
  the thing about countries with monarchies is they hold a greater level of significance with their buildings . 
  buckingham palace is a place currently lived in by a living queen , something only a fraction of countries in the world are able to have . 
  berkley castle ? 
  castle built in 1067 ( before some countries even existed ) and is people are still living there . 
  every country has old buildings , very few have old buildings that are still used for their original purpose . 
   there 's other landmarks in london besides buckingham palace also . 
  i never refuted that , however its another landmark that makes london look like a more favourable destination . 
  by the same logic there 's no point making stuff to attract people in new york because `` we got the statue of liberty , whats the point ? 
   i just dont care that they represent history and traditions so if all serbian landmarks and historical information burnt and was lost forever you 'd not care whatsoever ? 
   besided i doubt people go the netherlands to see the royal family . 
  do you go to saudi arabia to look at the royal family ? 
  if i was in saudi arabia you can bet that i 'd take a day out of my schedule to go into some museums on the royal family and see the royal palace . 
  again , im not saying that 'd be the whole reason someone would visit a country , however if they do ( which is pretty likely ) they 're spending money they otherwise wouldnt have to do so . 
   imagine of neil armstrongs family and legacy would forever recieve free money from everyone who lives in the us . 
  do you think thats fair ? 
  if the money he got from tourism was higher than his costs then sure , less money to be spent on taxes . 
  so they veto 'd a single law related to the queen 's power ? 
  i 'd say its pretty fair for the queen to decide what powers she has ( this is ignoring the fact again that if it was actually a serious issue they 'd just bypass her and do it anyway ), 
   source ? 
  the crown estate is a piece of land owned by the royal family and is `` loaned '' to the government in exchange for them being the king/queen of the country . 
  - http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/06/24/royal-family-revenue-cost_n_7651702.html the revenue paid to the uk from the crown estate is at a record # 285 million . 
  so , take away the queen 's # 35.7 million , and the uk is left with # 249 million . 
  so , because of the royal family , your taxes are actually about # 3.80 cheaper per year than they would be if the queen did not rule . 
  the royal family takes far less money from the government than they give to the government , this is completely ignoring tourism which makes up an esimated # 1.1 billion this year ( 2015 ) - http://uk.businessinsider.com/the-queen-and-the-uk-royal-family-contribution-to-the-uk-economy-2015-9 no matter what way you look at it they bring more money into a country than they take out . 
   who bases their vacation-plans on whenever a country has a royal family or not ? 
  your line of reasoning is absurd . 
  it adds to it , example : i have a friend coming over from the us in a few months and one of the main things he said he wanted to see was landmarks in london . 
  thats money being spent in london that otherwise wouldnt have been contributing to the uk economy . 
  have you never opened a map or looked at a globe ? 
  it 's still a cost from the us taxpayer . 
  you think because it doesnt directly get given to him you dont have to pay for it ? 
   dont care , still doesnt make them special . 
  so you 're not even going to refute it with an argument and points ? 
  just an `` i dont care '' ? 
   because im against the idea of giving random people money for no reason . 
  in the uk they pay for themselves many times over , in the netherlands they cost far less than the us president as well as bringing tourism to the country . 
   they are ordninary people who have been given an artificial title that belongs to the middle age . 
  as is almost everyone ? 
  george washington ? 
  just a general in an army at the right time . 
  neil armstrong , right place at the right time . 
  however you wouldnt argue that they dont deserve titles and are important ? 
  it 's not expensive at all . 
  uk royal family pays for themselves many times over , king of the netherlands costs far less than say the president of the us . 
  this is ignoring the amount of culture , historical significance and tourism they bring to a country . 
   also true they have to be very careful about exercising their existing powers in case they get removed by the legislature . 
  the uk queen couldnt just say `` im going to start a war with france '' because it 'd just be shut down and laws changed to remove her ability to do so . 
  they hold `` power '' in what they 're allowed to have power in . 
  are you actually being serious ? 
  no royal family living in a democratic country holds any real power whatsoever . 
  in the uk the queen signs things into law and acts as a political figurehead for helps improve relations with other countries . 
  if you 'd like to take your tin foil hat that `` the royal family controls the whole government from the background '' i think that would help . 
  what a waste of time and resources ? 
  do you know how much it costs to have a president kept safe for a single day ? 
  a royal family has history and traditions along with them , just as a landmark in the uk like big ben does . 
  if big ben brings tourism , adds culture and serves as a monument to history and you 'd be happy to fund it 's repairs why wouldnt you do the same with the royal family ? 
   the us president makes only $ 400,000 a year and actually works . 
  its a real job for a huge country and only gets paid while he serves and actually got elected . 
  first lady only gets $ 10.000 http://time.com/4579340/new-york-city-trump-protect-money/ i 'll do the maths for you here . 
  *** maths : 1 million per day = 356 million dollars a year , 4 years means 1.4 billion dollars over 4 years . 
  in 4 years the netherlands royal family will cost 4 million . 
  this means the netherlands would pay the same amount as the us pays in 4 years after 350 years . 
  now the us is a bigger country , with around 318 million people compared to around 17 million in the netherland , that means we need to divide the amount 1.4 billion by 18 ( 318 million divided by 16.85 million ) to get a total cost per 17 million people of 82 million over the 4 year period for the us president . 
  this is compared to the 4 million that the royal family would cost in the same period of time ( 20.5 times less ) . 
  *** but hey , by all means keep arguing that `` dae royal family costs too much !, 
  ! 1 ! 11 '' while standing behind a president that costs far more . 
   it is for a mascot who does nothing and literally all of his family members for life . 
   ** does nothing ** culture , tourism , history , politics . 
   said the person from a country without a monarchy if i said `` ah , this landmark costs too much to repair . 
  we 're demolishing it tomorrow '' you 'd really see no issue with it ? 
   yet the monarch could exist without the ridiculously high expanses . 
  as could the us president , you 're arguing 1 million per year is a lot . 
  it 's currently costing that much a day on security for him and his family . 
  perfect idea , i 'll get on my horse and ride into london to overthrow the royal family right now . 
  thanks for the idea !, 
  looks like nobody was injured , person arrested apparently had a bread knife according to witnesses . 
  glad nobody was hurt . 
  what ? 
  the monarch clearly adds to dutch culture , they 're a living bloodline of their history . 
  thanks for the insult thought , just feel sad in the realisation that the monarchy is going nowhere , 
  i believe you 'll find i actually asked why they disagree with monarchs . 
  going into a comment thread and replying to comments i disagree with makes me a shill ?
