   like it didnt happen on a political level we might as well pack it in and give up . 
  and the lesson to take away is that more democ `` democracy is not the solution '' `` less is '' jesus christ , you 're sounding a little bit ussr/hitler there bud . 
  you 're saying that people shouldnt be able to decide whats best for them ? 
  i think its best for you if you ran 30 miles a day and only ate fruit or veg . 
  do you get a say in this ? 
  no , otherwise its going to be a `` greatest mistake '' and if you dont be more healthy `` we might as well pack it in and give up '' . 
  what good is democracy if people are allowed to collectively decide what to do ? 
  i 'm against brexit and i think you 're being an ass . 
  you 're saying it is n't donald trumps fault for trying to change the entire global trade ecosystem and then wondering why people ca n't be bothered and start trading with others ? 
  saudi arabia is an anti western nation ? 
  half the western world has been throwing their money at them for the past 50 years . 
  why are you such an arse ? 
  eh , i 'd assumed it had taken a bit of creative license . 
  apparently a general that appears in it was portrayed as kinda a dick in the movie and his family got angry about that too . 
  yup , im rewatching the movie now and it mentioned a polish design . 
  i guess i just didnt notice it before . 
  thanks for teaching me something new :p, 
  huh , i honestly didnt even know poland had a role in cracking the enigma code . 
  apologies to any polish people for being an idiot . 
  so from what i gather the polish managed to crack the code , but there was then improvement in how it was created so alan turing improved on the pole 's design further ? 
  edit : the more i research the more confused i become - https://www.cia.gov/news-information/blog/2016/who-first-cracked-the-enigma-cipher.html from what i gather the polish worked out a method to crack the code but didnt physically crack the messages till alan turing ? 
  in 50-70 years time fossil fuels are going to be gone . 
  we need another power source that is capable of making energy 24/7 . 
  explain what points it does n't address . 
  this video explains it - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw, 
  according to the telegraph its legit - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/7914479/monarchy-attracts-500-million-a-year-from-overseas-tourists.html, 
  its an analogy , i could have stated africa and the moon . 
  stop taking things so literally . 
  analogies arent meant to be taken to heart , its to be used as an example . 
  thats a pretty valid point and thats the main issue with me as well , however realisitically i think we 're going to be forced to use nuclear in the future . 
  no other power source is able to produce as much power as easily as nuclear can . 
  really , what definition are you looking at that defines it as `` a continent is generally defined as a landmass that is bigger than australia . '', 
  definition 1 - http://www.dictionary.com/browse/continent  1 . one of the main landmasses of the globe , usually reckoned as seven in number ( europe , asia , africa , north america , south america , australia , and antarctica ) . 
   2 . a comparable landmass on another planet . 
   3 . the mainland , as distinguished from islands or peninsulas . 
   4 . the continent , the mainland of europe , as distinguished from the british isles . 
   5 . a continuous tract or extent , as of land . 
  definition 2 - https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/continent  continent1  noun  any of the world 's main continuous expanses of land ( europe , asia , africa , north and south america , australia , antarctica ) . 
  i dont see any mentions of `` if its larger than australia '' . 
  so let me follow your logic . 
  north and south america are surrounded on all sides by water , therefore one continent . 
  europe , africa and asia are also surrounded on all sides by water , therefore one continent . 
  so following your line of logic there are 3 continents . 
  what if you make it smaller . 
  hawaii is an island , is that a continent ? 
  what about just the uk alone ? 
  thats surrounded on all sides by water , therefore continent ? 
  ah what an insightful argument . 
  saying `` there 's 6 , theres clearly 6 '' with no evidence or reason backing it up . 
  i watched it all the way though . 
  he doesnt explain how europe would be classed as a combination of two continents whereas australia is one . 
  so by the same logic there are only 2 continents ? 
  america and the rest of the world but australia ? 
  hell , even north america is covered on all sides by water , that still does n't make it not a continent . 
  what about africa ? 
  thats covered on 3 sides by water , therefore its a peninsula ? 
  what about asia ? 
  india , russia and china are all exposed to water on one side , that means they fit the criteria for a peninsula . 
  so by the same logic australia isnt a continent ? 
  australia is covered on all sides by water . 
  therefore its a peninsula ? 
  pen \u00b7 in \u00b7 su \u00b7 la p\u0259\u02c8nins\u0259l\u0259 / submit noun a piece of land almost surrounded by water or projecting out into a body of water . 
  surely i could just as easily argue that north and south america are a peninsula because they are a piece of land surrounded by water ? 
  if you start muddling with definitions then you can argue anything , all consensus is that europe , asia , africa , antarctica , north america , south america and australia . 
  http://www.7continents5oceans.com/ europe is a continent . 
  the issue is public ignorance/confirmation bias . 
  new technology thats not been around for centuries is always viewed with more fear than older technology . 
  i think the largest issue with turing was that because he was a code breaker who couldnt tell people about his experiences there was n't even the ability for public pressure to change his sentence . 
  edit : just lookup it up , not only did he do all that he also saved an estimated 6 million lives by ending ww2 early . 
  on a side not if you havent watched the imitation game about alan turing and the enigma machine i 'd highly recommend it . 
  the main issue is that if you just dropped coal as an energy source all areas of manufacturing go up . 
  if france for example kept chugging away using coal while the uk suddenly decided to invest in solar and nuclear in the short term at least the price of energy would go up . 
  this would increase manufacturing and lead to a poorer economy . 
  nobody wants to be the person to finally pull the trigger and jump onto renewable energies . 
   the queen is a reptilian shit , who told you ? 
   i think the queen will pass away impossible , she feeds on solely tea to give her strength . 
  the issue is that sure coal can kill someone but people understand how a fire can kill someone . 
  for nuclear all people know about it is that it caused giant power plant meltdowns and can be used to make bombs . 
  i 'm all for nuclear but it the fearmongering is too strong to make people see reason . 
  edit : thanks for the downvote there bud . 
  edit2 : i really dont see why im being downvoted , all i said is thats that reason people fear nuclear . 
  glad people on / r/europe maintains reddits rules . 
  i agree , snails taste nice but their texture is terrible . 
  c'mon theres stupider laws than that . 
  what about the law that says its illegal to die in parliament ? 
  or that its illegal to handle a fish in suspicious circumstances ? 
  why are you so hostile ? 
  can you give a list of all the papers who contain this `` shitty news '' about romania ? 
  dailymail is the worst newspaper to ever exist . 
  i honest can not fathom how people read it and think newspaper headlines like `` is there no one in britain left who can make a sandwich '' and think that newspaper is anything other than rubbish . 
  europe - a continent european union - a group of countries in an organisation ( terrible definition ), 
  it really sucks about alan turing , he pretty much designed the whole basis of computers and the entire world wouldnt be the same if he hadnt created the turing machine . 
  shocking to think that it was pretty much accepted just 70 years ago . 
  in theory yes , has she ever done it ( to my knowledge ) ? 
  not really , the queen has some powers but they 're largely ceremonial . 
  the queen could n't decide one day `` let 's bring back the executions in the tower of london '' . 
  thats what i meant , i 'll edit it now . 
  and norway ranks first . 
  whats your point ? 
  what ?
