  it means they 're 9.22 % less likely to be unemployed if they lived in the us . 
  thats not 10 times ... 
  this is kinda blowing my mind , i dont see how people could not read books . 
  i understand if your family is pretty poor but not a single book in any country is kinda mind blowing to me . 
  i enjoyed asterix when i was younger and even went to park asterix a few times . 
  i honest have no clue why it wouldnt be as popular in the uk . 
  ( i 've never seen it on tv and only even knew it was a thing due to buying a copy of it on dvd from a local dvd store ), 
  in the uk they are n't that popular unfortunately :(, 
  yea but that 's the government 's fault , in these situations i always feel bad for the citizens who are screwed into a bad situation due to their government 's poor handling of situations . 
  thanks a bunch :p edit : yup just searched it , germany , france , austria , belgium and the netherlands all do n't want ukraine to join the eu . 
  poor ukraine :(, 
  no idea if anyone could answer this in here but why does n't ukraine want to join the eu ? 
  that would protect them from any future attacks from russia ( or am i missing something ), 
  looks like you was wrong buddy . 
  there 's a latvian kid in my college class and its honestly terrifying how similar this is to my average conversation with him xd, 
  he have no potato ? 
  get ublock origin and use the third party add-on for it `` reek 's anti adblock killer '' . 
  i heard poor things about the way google works out if someone is searching for the place as opposed to searching about it in the past . 
  and by the same logic can i not argue that `` you 're biased because you 're not anglo '' ? 
  palace of versailles is its name , just as buckingham palace is its name . 
  versailles is a much larger area than the palace itself , would it be fair for me to search `` london '' and say , `` look at how many results come up for buckingham palace ? 
  not even close - https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=palace%20of%20versailles,buckingham%20palace, 
  just based off google reviews : google reviews for buckingham palace - 6k reviews google reviews for versailles - 3k reviews . 
  i 'd love to see your source for versailles being more well known . 
  my alcohol consumption drastically increased after brexit . 
  the only way the uk could fuck up even more now is if teresa may said `` fuck it '' and launched trident missiles across the whole country . 
  our beer may suck , but we 're normally too drunk on a daily basis to tell the difference . 
  ask a random person on the street what their first thoughts are when they think of the uk . 
  i 'm betting they 'll be royalty , big been etc. 
  which , to a foreign visitors seems more attractive and we 'll known ? 
  buckingham palace or versailles ? 
  monarchies have existed for literally thousands of years . 
  and belgian and german beer , always making the world full of alcoholics !, 
  i 'd love a source for `` fundamentally opposed to many values we today consider self-evident '', 
  and it then becomes a typical old building every single country in the world has , what 's unique about that ? 
  i mean investing in a vpn for all your internet traffic , not just wikipedia . 
  it 's a safe bet they 're gon na be blocking more websites in the future . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  good , it really sucks with what 's going on it turkey : /, 
  i 'd recommend investing in a vpn op . 
  the money would n't be made if the land was private , the queen would just fund herself with it and give nothing to the government leaving the taxpayer to pay for the lost money . 
  she gets it from the land that she owns , as i 've already said multiple times already . 
  the queen owns the crown estate that she gives the government . 
  that land gives the government # 200 million per year . 
  the exchange the government gives the queen # 20 million per year . 
  how can you not understand this ? 
   besides , im still against monarchies . 
  if money is truly the only reason you want it to stay then i would even prefer if those places were privatly owned . 
  when did i say that ? 
  one of my first arguments is that they 're a part of living history and are important for a country 's culture and politics . 
   i just dont like the idea of kings and queens . 
  you mean to say a person not living in a country doesnt like a thing that country does ? 
  woah . 
  they banned the largest one , something a country would do if they did n't want to make it obvious they was blocking trade to a country . 
   tfw not cool enough to know a foreign language :(, 
  woah , you mean the russian government lies and does scummy stuff ? 
  no way ... 
  no they would n't . 
  the government would have less money if the queen did n't exist and so would have to raise taxes to make up for it . 
  the current situation is the queen takes # 20 million and pays us through land # 200 million . 
  how can you not see that 's an amazing deal ? 
  http://www.slobodnaevropa.org/a/did-montenegro-impose-sanctions-to-russia/25407570.html sure it was n't buddy . 
  meant bosnia . 
  apologies . 
   let him do that himself . 
  why should i give money to him so that he can increase his own wealth ? 
  if anything the queen is decreasing her wealth by being queen . 
  if she just took all the money she earnt the uk she 'd be far richer as already said . 
  yes ... and ? 
  it was news when montenegro did it why would n't it be news when russia did it ? 
  what ? 
  i know they imposed sanctions on russia after russian invasion of ukraine . 
  that was in the news . 
  however this has nothing to do with that . 
  russia has now imposed their own sanctions on montenegro as they join nato . 
  how can you not see this si news worthy ? 
  facts arent anti-russian . 
  they 're facts . 
  russia has banned something from montenegro . 
  wine . 
  so what is montenegro did the same ? 
  this is n't an article from 2014 , it 's an article from today . 
   whitehall papers prepared by cabinet office lawyers show that overall at least 39 bills have been subject to the most senior royals ' little-known power to consent to or block new laws this doesnt say if it was denied or accepted , try reading the article yourself bud . 
  the only example it gives is - in one instance the queen completely vetoed the military actions against iraq bill in 1999 , a private member 's bill that sought to transfer the power to authorise military strikes against iraq from the monarch to parliament . 
  edit : it literally lists all the acts that the queen has signed and then shows `` consent not signified '' - nice try buddy . 
  read the article , not the headline next time . 
   stating facts is anti-russian, 
   that did n't answer my question , though . 
  how did they get it ? 
  how was it paid for ? 
  they have owned it since before buying land was even a thing . 
  do you need me to explain to you how old the royal family is ? 
   why would n't it ? 
  it would be a historical building . 
  imagine opening buckingham palace up for the public . 
  and it 'd be another old building with no significance over the other thousands of old buildings . 
  ask a random person off the street in a random country what they know about the uk off the top of their heads . 
  first things i can think of , royal family . 
  killing that off is like belgians not producing beer , french not producing wine , germany not producing good quality equipment . 
  its an instant association with the country .
