  they believed their shining love would flood the saracen soul with christs love . 
  they brought no weapons , no armor , no money ; only love on their crusade ... and in the end , their love caused nearly every single one of them to end up becoming brutally enslaved for the rest of their lives . 
  petroleum, 
  i urge us to remember that those responsible for isis are first and foremost the middleasterners themselves , and their governing elites in particular . 
  all other actors come in a distant second . 
  just remember that things when the ancien regime was overthrown , things got pretty shitty and chaotic for france and europe , and it took quite some time for a proper democracy to flower . 
  in fact , this is the case for almost every democratic country save a select few . 
  omg , the ideals of wahhabi fascism is your pet turtle !? 
  how magnificent , my mortal mind can not even grasp such a splendidly esoteric phenomena . 
  it 's unfair that some cypriots think they can put europe in danger for the sake of ideology . 
  i 'm going to be blunt , but the geopolitics of cyprus and the mediterranean make giving cypriots a choice in the matter out of the question . 
  you have been given sovereignty to protect your culture and society ; but this sovereignty is dependent on the will of western powers and could ( and should ) be taken away of cypriots put the security of europe at risk . 
  i feel quite melancholic for saying that , but it is the reality of our world . 
  i saw a video of a petite teenage girl ( maybe 14 years old ) getting her head sawed off for committing an act that isis deemed a crime . 
  i also saw a verified picture of a little toddler girls decapitated body . 
  i want isis hunted down and liquidated as soon as possible to wipe such evil from earth . 
  i will say that i do prefer that isis supporters have their lives taken in a quick and humane matter ( like getting their bodies shredded with bullets or being vaporized in an airstrike ) he is sorely misjudging the situation when he mocks obama for responding to brutality with brutality . 
  obama is responding to depraved brutality with brutally efficient tactical strikes , that have so far saved hundreds of thousands of people from being subjected to caliphate rule . 
  if western powers do nothing there is a high chances that the swirling black-hole that is isil will suck in all of the sunni arab states in a matter of time . 
  and then this huge caliphate will likely attack nato member turkey , in which case we will all be at war with a much stronger isis . 
  it 's either military strikes now or full scale war later on ( after they attack turkey ) . 
  we do n't , this incident will edge europe further away from russia and closer to each other and to other western powers . 
  unfortunately russia is `` one of * those * countries '' who are unilaterally powerful enough to resist all foreign attempts . 
  ( these are russia , china , and the western powers ) remember the snowden affair where russia brushed off all american attempts to retrieve snowden . 
  this is tactically similar to that . 
  yes friend , it 's called `` vertical power '' and when governments have it their authority is absolute in all territory it controls . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kcn0aup.jpg ) is a power vertical infographic . 
  it 's important to note that there are no checks or balances in this system . 
  in this system , the executive head is the de facto supreme court , the de facto `` majority '' in the legislative branch , the de facto chancellor of every university / public institution and is de jure ( or de facto ) supreme commander of the armed forces . 
  those outside of the power vertical are de facto subordinate to those who are in the power vertical , almost regardless of class . 
  a titushki thug recruited from the submerged tenth has more power than a surgeon who is outside of the power vertical ( unless he bribes someone in the power vertical ) [ and here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ui7rguv.jpg ) is a infographic of some putins key cadres . 
  iirc siloviki refers to kgb / military / police . 
  `` yeltsin family '' in this sense refers to a close knit group of powerful people ( who are mostly not related by blood ) . 
  yeltsin was the `` patriarch '' of this `` family '' . 
  edit : these graphics are mere visual aids, 
  it is now highly plausible that they are or will subject her to some sort of torture . 
  i 'm not saying it 's for certain but 1 . the psychiatric testing is a farce and 2 . 
  in russia , what constitutes a `` psychiatric test '' is whatever the russian government decides . 
  lastly , the form or extent of the torture is largely ambiguous . 
  it could range for social deprivation / isolation to actual physical torture . 
  could any citizen of a ex-ussr / ex-comintern country tell what `` psychiatric testing '' meant under previous eastern / central european authoritarian regimes ? 
  yea yea dan carlin i have heard of him and listened to a few . 
  that 's is a great starting point , many important figures and he conveys the potentially boring facts in a fun way . 
  but let dan carlin be just one tool to learn history and human affairs , one tool amongst many , many ( like a giant garage full of tools , lol ) . 
  it 's a lifetime thing , and those who constantly expand their historical knowledge end up being really wise old men . 
  ( like my father ) my father used to says to us that `` in order to be an english gentlemen , one must be born into the proper class ; but in order to be a french gentlemen , one must learn history . '', 
  so , you are not french so i will rephrase a bit : `` in order to be a western gentlemen , one must learn history '' ... also i will compile some good history docus for you to help you be a western gentlemen , 
  forgive me but i 'm going to have to channel my father who taught me this same , vague ` lesson ' ... * have you heard of plato 's all\u00e9gorie of the cave ? 
  * * you know how there are the people who are chained up in the cave who can not see the fire , but can see the shadows on the wall ? 
  and they truly , deeply think the shadows are real ? 
  these people represent the people who watch fox news or rt and believe it to be totally true . 
  * * then there are the people in the cave who have freed themselves and sought out the previously hidden fire . 
  when these people see the light of the fire they realize that the shadows are not real beings but are simply shadows . 
  this troubles them deeply , all they have ever known is false . 
  they are overwhelmed with disillusionment . 
  * - * finally there are those who by sheer chance of fate have not been crushed by disillusionment . 
  these people take notice from the glint of light coming from the mouth of the cave . 
  they somehow trust this light , even though the only light they have ever known had just betrayed them . 
  they follow the light outside the cave and are then overwhelmed by the overpowering brilliance of the sun . 
  * * now remember , these people had once put all their hearts around the grandeur of the fire , and had been maddeningly betrayed . 
  now these people noticed a little glint of light , which they followed even though they expected nothing from it ; only to be blown away by the sun . 
  * * as these people try to make sense of the brilliance of the sun , it sets . 
  this leaves them dazed and confused . 
  but then , of course , they are bathed in the soothing glow of the moon . 
  * * then later they are beholden with the great milky way and its trillions of stars . 
  here these seekers of light feel fulfilled - they can gaze at all the infinitely many lights of the heavens . 
  * you are clearly no longer fooled by the shadows . 
  but do you see how astounding the greatness of human civilization really is ? 
  do you ever find yourself in awe of how interconnected contemporary affairs , ancient history , and human prehistory are ? 
  if not then you are still heartbroken because of the betrayal of the fire . 
  edit : oh my gosh , thanks for the gold !, 
  yea , western military support ( led by the u.s. ) is actually super integral to help facilitate the rebuilding of poland . 
  * if poland is the little chick embryo , then the western military umbrella is the eggshell . 
  * ... edit : if poland is the little chick embryo , then the western military umbrella is the eggshell ** and russia is the harmful external bacteria that wants to infect the chick embryo ( but ca n't because of eggshell ) . 
  i think you might want to recalibrate your worldview . 
  i do n't think you understand how immensely important the american-led security umbrella has been for poland ( and the baltics ) . 
  hey , remember when the soviet union was a behemoth superpower in 1980 and a crumbling , rotting corpse by 1988 ? 
  shit can change really , really quickly . 
  and fyi those regulations and mandated policies are exactly what ukraine needs to succeed . 
  and also , do n't forget that usa is putting a huge effort into ensuring that ukraine undergoes the same transformation that poland underwent . 
  generous financial aid for greece did not rally the old cold warriors in the us senate . 
  generous financial aid for ukraine ** does ** rally the old cold warriors in the u.s. senate . 
  what i should have said was : this is like a grown man being proud that he just beat the shit out of a little toddler ( * who spent his childhood being repeatedly raped by a chronically drunk psychopath * ), 
  yea but ... 
  even spain could beat you up :-) and like , when was the last time you guys orchestrated a coup d'\u00e9tat in another sovereign nation ? 
  900 a.d ?? 
  so , we both lose then . 
  ( no one wins , since winning can only mean absolute dominance of france over britain or vice versa ), 
  he said this because japan prides itself on being pacifist to the greatest extent possible . 
  and recently chinese aggression has forced japan to reinforce its military capability , which has made the japanese public anxious . 
  by saying `` diplomatic channels '' he is highlighting * the non-militant nature * of japan 's engagement with russia . 
  ah yes , japan shows us once again that she is truly civilized nation . 
  truly civilized societies always stick together . 
  this is like a grown man being proud that he just beat the shit out of a little toddler ( whose communist ` mother ' drank heavily while pregnant ), 
  woohoo we beat the british !, 
  and the polish beat the russians !, 
  all is right in the world , the planets have aligned . 
  those fuckers , this is the kind of shit stalin did in ww2 to thwart a german advance . 
  he raised the whole nation of ukraine to the ground to protect moscow, 
   the usage of the middle east as a puppet for oil by the soviet union and western powers did contribute to that not it 's been that way for more than 1400 years .
