  was it * dermokratiya * with * dermo * instead of * demo * ? 
  because in russian de ** r ** mo = shit , and in the russian mentality democracy is `` the rule of the shit '' and not `` the rule of the people '', 
  i just imagined the coolest , most badass black dude saying that in a baritone voice ( with a trio of sexy mulatto girls soulfully echoing the `` drop '' refrain ), 
  i said to myself while watching `` this is how russia works . '', 
  yes yes , we see : * eesti is suomi 's `` canada '' *, 
  and here we have a story that should be even bigger than the snowden revelations . 
  there definitely is a western civilization . 
  but it is based around certain core values and philosophies ; not ethnicity . 
  he 's talking about giving them anti-tank weapons in the event that russia invades . 
  in case you did n't know , ukraine is mostly steppe and tanks ( which russia has a lot of ) cut through steppe like a knife through hot butter . 
   russia learned that in the chechen war chechnya = mountains . 
  ukraine = steppe . 
  branches do n't float up in the air , they are connected to to larger branches , which are connected to the trunk . 
  the north american branch might be younger , but it 's still part of the same mighty tree . 
   takes some credit for the moon landing thanks , i will . 
  a large body of french scientific advancements played a key role in the development of modern optics , rocketry , aerodynamics , physics , mathematics , etc etc. 
  i 'm not saying the moon landing was n't a huge success for the usa , it was . 
  but as a frenchman i will personally take pride in the moon landing because it is an achievement of western civilization as well ... ( maybe i feel something akin to how a parent feels when their child wins a gold medal at the olympics . ), 
   spanish yea , also the spanish . 
  my gosh , go look back in your history books and analyze the great minds that shaped western civilization . 
  you will see how there is a definitively recognizable grid of core values that underlies our cultures . 
  true , we do see eye to eye on all things , neither do new yorkers and oregonians . 
   jazz your welcome . 
  jazz would never have become what it is without its louisiana roots . 
  also never would have had black people to make jazz if it were n't for the ... slave trade ...  entrepreneurial spirit you do know who invented entrepreneurialism , no ? 
  ( the french ) . 
  also , it 's takes a lot of entrepreneurial spirit to conquer the whole world ( i think it 's fair to say that together , britain + france + spain + portugal pretty much conquered earth . 
   on behalf of americans ... other things you do realize that as a branch on the european cultural tree , you have the right to claim the achievements of european civilization as your heritage , no ? 
  lets not be sour pusses and whine about america / europe being better than he other - just sit back , relax and say to yourself : * damn , western civilization is the actually the fucking shit . 
  american culture is a branch ( one of many ) on the great tree of european culture . 
  that is all . 
  i mean sure , if germany wants to create a cyclone of instability to its north , south , east and west ; then that 's what she 'll get . 
  but idk , seeing as how german policy since the end of the war has been dedicated to establishing stability in its near abroad i do n't think that 's what she wants . 
  * germany does not want to be surrounded by `` russias '' and `` syrias '' it 's wants to be surrounded by `` canadas '' and `` new zealands '' *, 
  because ... we 're french . 
  my bad , in the james bond film * the world is not enough * , the main russian villainess is trying build an oil pipeline in some ex-ussr country . 
  because of that i always instinctually imagine pipelines as oil pipelines first . 
  why ca n't muslims do like what jews did ? 
  keep you 're faith , but otherwise integrate completely . 
  i have this one * close * friend for years and i only learned he was jewish very recently . 
  and he actually was a practicing jew too ( like he went to synagogue and learned hebrew ) several years of close friendship and i never knew , why ? 
  because he was 100 % integrated french . 
  as a frenchman , i 'm okay with this . 
  influence will begin to spread out as the recovery moves forward . 
  as of now , germany is still charging ahead of much of europe economically . 
  italy , france , spain , portugal , greece and the east will see their former level of influence return in the coming years . 
  i would be completely okay if bnd , dgse or mi6 covertly sabotaged south stream construction . 
  ( provided nobody gets hurt and no pollutant escapes into the environment ), 
  why impossible ? 
  americans do that kind of stuff all the time across their vast territory , i do n't see why we ca n't do it too, 
  did you not read the part about the 90s hit ? 
   does as his masters tell him we must all do as our great lizard overlords demand . 
  well maybe , but it might have taken a different path . 
  maybe might have ended up being something much different . 
  we ca n't forget how important the huge , month long political crisis that swept austria-hungary after the assassination was to creating the confused environment that led to the declaration of war . 
  yea , we did let it go . 
  but it looks like serbs brought it back up . 
  not at the present moment , we are * still * recovering from the 2008 financial crisis . 
  but we will have `` room '' soon , at the end of the decade certainly . 
  shh quit that , it 's kind of sweet . 
  anyway , whether or not he or she consciously believes it 's real , his subconscious certainly does . 
  it 's like the placebo effect , for example when i drink coffee i instantly get a caffeine buzz the second the coffee touches my tongue despite the fact that it is a scientific fact that it takes at least 30 minutes for the caffeine to reach the brain , as it must be absorbed through the gut and circulated trough the blood . 
  if it can work with coffee it can work with magic too . 
  another example i 've heard of this is with the voudou magic of haiti and lousisiana ; i saw a story about a women who was trapped in her house because a witch put spell on her doorways : whenever the woman would try to exit the door all her muscles would tense up and freeze ( and so would those of her sons when they tried to carry her out ) . 
  they had to wait for a good priestess to undo the curse before her subconscious would allow her to leave the house . 
  i do n't doubt that the kremlin is behind this . 
  they will use every pr tool they can to discredit and divide their enemies . 
  listen , you do n't have to believe it out right , but i would at least take a mental note that russian involvement could quite possibly be at play . 
  say to yourself * `` while my first instinct says it 's not kremlin manipulation , recent history tells me that i should n't reject that hypothesis entirely . 
   russia are more trustworthy than poland . 
  but really though . 
  as much as i 'd like to pretend that my country is the same military super power it once was , i know it is not and i know that the * vast * us defense apparatus has helped my country project it 's own power and bolstered france 's international status . 
  damn son , y' all need to settle down . 
  you 're country is n't even in nato , you do n't know it 's benefits . 
  resources were definitely the decisive factor , that is why nazi germany began losing in the first place : lack of resources . 
  every major war and international conflict of the past 500 years has been orchestrated by a welshman . 
  if the jews are the puppet masters of the world , then the welsh are the puppet masters of the jews . 
  i just returned from a long trip in latin america , and i was curious as to how they viewed the us . 
  surprisingly to me , they have a positive view of the us , more positive than most continental europeans . 
  they also see the meddling of the past 60 years as a usa vs ussr proxy-wars not as us imperialism alone . 
  you know i read a thing over at / r/askhistorians that said that japan would have preferred to have attacked the ussr than america but got chose america because they did n't think the us could project power across the pacific . 
  if japan would have fought the ussr then the axis would have won . 
  also , the ussr would not have won if it were n't for american industry churning out vehicles and machinery for the red army . 
  well you ca n't forget that ukraine 's sorrows are largely manufactured in moscow , moscow wants ukraine to be weak so they can use it 's as a mafia playground, 
  moscow has been strangling moldova just like it 's been strangling ukraine and georgia, 
   paris see , they actually have a problem with being too sassy . 
  i once had awkward difficulty positioning a rolling suitcase on a train leaving paris and people were looking at me like i was some hideous gargoyle . 
  i 'm not sure , but the bretons probably do something since they are celtic and as such have an innate love for silly festivals . 
  edit : i found this [ vintage poster ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vpsv9lb.jpg ) for a solstice festival , it says * les feux de la saint-jean en bretagne * which means the fires of saint john in brittany ( fyi brittany is [ this little phalange ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cya03eq.jpg ) shooting off into the ocean ), 
   turkish authorities were also involved, 
  people said some pretty wild stuff about russians , iirc but yea , i do see that there are some cringe-worthy comments but at the same time there are some honest comments that lead to constructive discussion ; and we were n't having those discussions before . 
  he might be thinking about the non-syrians who try to fake being refugees . 
  they have found tens of thousands of discarded non-syrian ids in fields / cities in fyrom , serbia , hu , etc. 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of young guys who are coming from pakistan , non-syrian arab countries and africa who are dreaming of a life in europe that includes nightlife / discotheks / nightclubs and the girls ( in addition to money ) . 
  its certainly not a main motivator though . 
  i would n't expect it to be a motivator for a migrant in his middle-age , but for some 19 - 20 year old egyptian kid ; i 'm sure that 's part of the fantasy lol, 
  it has n't though , it 's just that people are talking about ethnic and demographic issues . 
  expect the conversation to be uncomfortable because it 's an uncomfortable subject , always has been . 
   all landlords exploit people this is not true . 
  you 're missing the point of my comment , i was simply stating that the situation was not black and white .
