  france raped the shit out of indochina for ages and people there do n't wish the death penalty on those who convert from buddhism to christianity . 
  britain raped the shit out of india and people there too do n't wish the death penalty on those who convert from hinduism to christianity . 
   why quran mandates it . 
  death for apostates . 
  you know i read somewhere that part of osama bin laden 's 9/11 plan was to create islamophobia in the usa, 
  and what u/flevoland is saying is that it would take an average joe to ** save ** that much money up . 
  provided he still has to pay lving expenses the whole time, 
  no that guy is the former prime minister of a small small nation that controls a major maritime choke point that russia covets it also has a huge economic stake in the high north because of greenland and it really does n't have the means to defend its interests there . 
  argentina is a colony of italians ... 
  though it did n't belong to italy, 
  yes , put your head in the sand . 
  there are no problems with independence . 
  none at all , everything will be perfect no matter what ... 
  an obese condor that can not stop eating even though it 's already big and fat . 
  that would be her daughter who was kidnapped by anglos . 
   this was how one of the members looked in the 90s while their current leader joined the party  this was how one of the members looked in the 90s  this was how one of the members looked  one of the members ... 90s proves nothing . 
  you ca n't just vilify a group because some dude who votes for them wore a swastika 1990 's . 
  will those countries please give us som credit for giving them asylum . 
  like , instead of hating us for having our women wear bikinis could they start loving us for our generosity ? 
  woah , people downvoted you but that 's because they are legitimately concerned about the future of their people and culture . 
  the part about hollapinos ( filipino + hollander ) , icecubes ( icelandic + cuban ) and hinjews ( hindu + jew ) was pretty clever ,, 
  reuters , along with agence france-presse , the associated press and agencia efe , is one of the worlds big four wire service journalism organizations . 
  it 's certainly not internal propaganda . 
  well , the ukrainian army was doing a stellar job fighting the separatists until the official russian regular army intervened . 
  japan and south korea too, 
  so , / r/europe is slowly regressing into a euro-specific / r/worldnews ... 
  i would support catalan independence if they allowed accepted eu influence on their foreign policy decisions . 
  i have to say , i do n't feel comfortable with larger european countries breaking up into small sovereign states that are all pursuing wildly erratic foreign agendas . 
  it 's already hard enough to channel the foreign policy for the eu with 28 members , if it had 30 + sovereign members i do n't think we could accomplish anything !, 
  and let 's be very honest , europe needs to use its might to stabilize the international community and to act as a strong harmonizing balance to the usa to keep it in check ( so that together we - the us and eu - can keep the autocracies in check ) . 
  first , i would hope that catalonia and scotland join nato . 
  i do n't care of they are very far-left wing pacifists , they exact enormous benefits from the current global order and so need to put in their fair share to maintain it . 
  secondly , i would hope that catalonia and scotland keep their foreign policies in line with western / european trends i.e. 
  do n't skirt russia / iran / belarus sanctions to make a quick buck , do n't provide tax havens , do n't misuse sovereignty to fuck the rest of us over . 
  tl ; dr new states ought to sacrifice a modicum of sovereignty in foreign affairs . 
  i just do n't want to see a europe full of small nations that are easily manipulated by big foreign powers i.e. 
  be strong enough to resist china 's demands and host the dalai lama or rebuke russian / us pressure to vote a certain way at the un . 
  what i see in this map : * the ingredients for world war iii *, 
   maleficent so , [ this is the new eu digital economy and society chief ? 
  ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/5ef8442b9e99e040ef647ec989f289e2/tumblr_mlitjtzbpn1qa70eyo1_500.gif ) i actually support that 100 % . 
  great , more newcomers to relentlessly accuse me of being an englishmen after i say something modestly conservative . 
  note to newcomers : left =\\ = continental european & amp ; centre or centre-right =\\ = english, 
  no ... people take news from tabloids in a very different way than news coming from state / public media . 
  the difference is a bit of news coming from the bbc vs coming from dailymail or npr vs foxnews . 
  if you know these english language media outlets , you the very different significance they have in the uk and in the us, 
   sentimental attachment it 's more like personal identity , to the very core . 
  and it 's not that many people , only ~ 2.5 million people are pro independence . 
  they have a representative system , scots have a say in national parliament and have their own very powerful parliament . 
  those 2.5 million are willing to cause potential chaos for the 60 + million people of the united kingdom for purely nationalist reasons ( the economic benefits have been trumped up and are nonexistent ), 
  ok , ireland and india are different for sure ... but what about the united states ? 
  and then what about the old dominion nations canada , australia and new zealand ? 
  they were voluntarily part of britannia for quite a long time . 
  i think canada did n't become truly independent until sometime in the 1980 's, 
  ummm did india get a currency union ? 
  did ireland get a currency union ? 
  did canada , australia and new zealand get a currency union ? 
  did the united states of america get a currency union ? 
  no , so why should scotland ? 
  `` blame the english , no matter what always blame the english ! '', 
  - everyone in the world just acknowledge that yes voters deserve the blame on this . 
  * accept the truth , please *, 
  how about you fudge off and understand how concerned they are about the future of their beloved country . 
  sorry that ireland got oppressed by england 100 years ago but that does n't give you the right to be a douche in 2014 edit : words, 
  haha what , their economy is growing at 4 % and they used quantitative easing to combat the financial crisis, 
  i have personally heard scots say this . 
  on the internet * and * in real life, 
  this guy named victor orb\u00e1n has been drumming up nationalism in hungary and a lot of undereducated people / hill folk are enticed by that . 
  then also orb\u00e1n and his party were in control after the financial crisis and they did comparatively well evonomically ( like germany and poland ) and orb\u00e1n said this was because of his policy ( it was mostly because of hungary 's trade relationship with germany , poland and russia and no euro ) and a lot of middle class people were enticed by that because hungary is relatively close to greece and the people looked at greece and thought they had dodged a terrible bullet . 
  then he got a good majority in parliament but then he started using this majority to stack the deck , slant the whole political system in his favor . 
  and he started messing with the media and with the courts . 
  so now he 's got a lot of political power not because his party 's platform is so appealing but because the opposition has had its wings clipped . 
  stop being so pro independence , it 's not your place, 
  i think for this particular issue , yea . 
  kind of a massive change that will impact everyone 's daily lives . 
  * fascist group forms `` ideological purity police '' patrol in germany . 
  they need to drop the `` national '' from their name . 
  people see that and get the heebee-jeebees, 
  that 's such a basic component of eu politics that it really does n't even need to be mentioned . 
  eu politics requires consensus amongst members for any impactful policy . 
  of course were not going to invade another countries waters , we would probably lend technology , intel , utilities and stuff . 
  like give greece a discount on a mistral or something . 
  edit : invading a fellow european countries territory would break my heart and the heart of every french person i know ... europe does n't need to sink back into that infernal struggle , fighting each other over little specks of land like dogs over a few scraps of meat ... 
  the world is becoming an increasingly spooky place , i normally would not like such a right winger but by sheer force of personality she will use the full might of france to help restabilize the world . 
  france is already a great military power , but i suspect le pen will aggressively pursue policies that will make france ( and the european union ) into an iron fortress . 
  we do n't have two big oceans separating us from eurasia like america and canada ; we need to compensate for this . 
  she also has the character to firmly re-establish the mediterranean as * mare nostrum * ( nostrum as in europeans not nostrum as in french , what france controls europe also controls ) plus , i would like to see what the hilary and le pen relationship would be like . 
  i feel like they would be a female version of fdr and churchill . 
  and woah , do n't even get me started on what a le pen , hilary rodham clinton and von der leyen triumvirate would be like . 
  edit : my head just exploded fantasizing about adding theresea mary may and frederica mogherini rebesani to the triumvirate ... hrc , mlp , vdl , tmm and fmr : the iron five, 
  idk i just read the article and was curious the i looked on google news for the story to find the name . 
  there was like a billion articles but none had his name . 
  so then i became obsessive , started out casually curious , then after 10 minutes of searching with out results i became angry and obsessive ,, 
  how does all this happen in the us ? 
  i 've been there dozens of times and people are always super nice ... maybe it 's the shanking deaths in their prisons ?? 
  i know their justice system is excessively sentencing people to long terms in `` supermax '' prisons, 
  why can i not find this guys name anywhere ? 
  what 's the murderers name !?!, 
  / u/generalscruff can not into high finance and macroeconomics, 
  nuclear war would be inevitable anyway . 
  russia invades baltics , finland then poland slovakia , hungary , czech , anschluss serbia , then germany , etc etc then nuclear war with france .
