i post it anyway , you should to !, 
  i have a bridge to sell you . 
  how will you be paying ? 
  boar lives matter !, 
  we need more federalization to stop this . 
  also an eu army . 
  why not , 4 moats ? 
  why not , 2 moats ? 
  low energy . 
  fair point . 
  i have deleted the video . 
  but his influence ( in slo ) is far , far greater than an attempted bombing , and far costlier to our ( slo ) budget . 
  but i really do n't care or know enough about hvim , or romania to argue . 
  ok , if you insist . 
  so soros funded organizations want putin funded organizations to stop ? 
  well i 'm open minded , tell me then . 
  of course not , that 's not how demographics work . 
  but good luck . 
  i like france it is nice . 
  will it stay nice ? 
  compare to sweden . 
  must be nice to live in france . 
  should n't a frenchman rather concern himself with * [ what is a caliphate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caliphate ) * ? 
  we need to build a wall , also . 
   `` you win if you achieve your goal and you lose if you do n't '' so you lost ww2 ? 
  which swedish national bank 's prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel did you win ? 
  also could you share your c.v. , so that i can properly judge your statements . 
  [ is it 60 pages long ] ( http://econ.columbia.edu/files/econ/stiglitz_cv.pdf ) ? 
  is it longer ? 
  no , it 's a free talk on the flaws of euro & eu . 
  but he convinced me to read the book , maybe he can do the same for you . 
  i doubt that ngos , and echr will let that stand . 
  but ok . 
  so the number is still not 550k . 
  who could have predicted the propensity of this people for violence and civil wars ? 
  then you are as irrational as trump . 
  multikulti good times . 
  and these people want special rights in slovenia because of their special culture . 
  one of those is not an actor , but a pipe dream . 
  could you explain what koran does call for . 
  thank you . 
  great , do n't worry about it !, 
  so it 's 5 % and not 2,5 % , let 's not even factor family reunification that 's coming , also should n't the number be much higher than 1m , more like 1,5 m + ? 
  where did this come from ?? 
  are you implying that brussels bureaucrats are a world power , and a rational at that . 
  thanks , what about the 550k number ? 
  that 's great , where did you get those numbers , could i see , thanks . 
  how about 10 years ? 
  only 53 percent of refugees found a job ( in sweden ) after 10 years http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-30/refugees-welcome-to-sweden-you-ll-get-a-job-in-a-decade, 
  bush did afghanistan and iraq and 9/11 , not those two . 
  i have , and to assume that niqab or burka means modesty is equally hilarious , especially since the wiki page is pretty exhaustive about how cultural `` modesty '' is : `` actual standards vary widely . '', 
  also do n't ask junker tough questions . 
  really ? 
  do you know what modesty means ? 
   the quality of not talking about or not trying to make people notice your abilities and achievements http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/modesty what she is doing is ( lamism ) a big fuck you to the society she lives in . 
  because middle east was problem free before bush i&ii ? 
  i apologise if i was misunderstood , i absolutely agree that this should be on r/europe , all i wanted was that op repost it on r/eurosceptics so that other fellow eurosceptics do n't miss it . 
  and we would love to have you , have you considered subscribing ? 
  it seems fine , it was rhetorical anyway , but if you wish to speculate - feel free to do so . 
  secondly , why are we splitting hairs , i have seen the whole interview and she seems fine . 
  could you please repost this on / r/eurosceptics thanks !, 
  ***** thank you !, 
  oh please , so that is why the google guy was advising her ? 
  in reality politicians give bullish answers regardless . 
  junker did n't become politician yesterday - he has been bullshitting for a long time , no ? 
  why because she is naive enough to expect an real answer , whilst establishment reporters settle for no !, 
  how dare you sir !, 
  do n't try to confuse me with logic , one summit has changed it all , greece is also a fully functioning state . 
  how dare you sir !, 
  no , this time it 's different . 
  i thought russian emigres were immortal . 
  i have a great feeling about this summit , we are really starting to turn europe around . 
  why did n't we have it earlier , but still great news . 
  do n't lie , he 's a genius . 
  goldman sachs would be lucky to have him . 
  easier to beat a dead horse , than a live one . 
  isis did . 
  no also an army !, 
  because us interventionism is so great and added side benefit of more revolving doors . 
  there are also m&s s in poland . 
  glad to hear it , old chap !, 
  sure , could n't agree more . 
  fuck `` general population '' and why stop now . 
  not like greeks , italians , portuguese , spaniards ... can do a thing about it . 
  i propose varoufakis for greece . 
  also baroso for portugal . 
  how 's the single market treating you ? 
  my apologies , i was triggered . 
  but with a cooler head i must say i approve this flair example . 
  how so ? 
  are we starting to use basic english ? 
  car no go boom ? 
  i thought it is really not , farage said it best that scots can fuck off i.e. 
  pay for their own country . 
  and i for one will support scotland in eu if they accept the shit euro currency , or again they can fuck off . 
  the fuck is wrong with you , how brainwashed are you ? 
  getting a foreign passport will cost you way more in time and euro funny moneys than just paying for visa on arrival ( if it comes to that ) in the mean time go to greece and see the first-rate workings of eugoslavia . 
  is n't it jobs and cheap flights ?? 
  shout-out to wizzair !, 
  could you please link the interview , thanks .
