  as a croatian football fan ( and dinamo fan ) it really sucks to see what 's happening to croatian football . 
  and we 've all gotten used to it because nothing has changed in years . 
  i know there 's nothing that you 'd like more than ethnically clean bosnia with 100 % muslim bosniaks , but that will never be the case . 
  the fact that bosniaks do n't have another country like serbs and croats do does n't make bosnia their property any more than it is property of bosnian serbs and croats . 
  and serbs and croats . 
  and serbian and croatian . 
  and orthodox christianity and catholicism . 
  the current champions of the european waterpolo champions league are jug - a club from dubrovnik . 
  brazilians hurt their feelings . 
  i used [ this page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assumption_of_mary ) for information . 
  it 's tales not tails enjoy working today , 
  our minister killed two people with his car and he is still pretty active in politics, 
  eu/coe flag is also the flag of the entire continent even though it 's mostly known as the eu flag . 
  lol, 
  who happens to be a muslim . 
  ah yes , the bloodthirsty serb-hating minister of culture . 
  dammit , and we only have a woman president . 
   what about serbs in kosovo ? 
  who do they compete for ? 
  they can choose , no ? 
  operation storm was not ethnic cleansing , serbs fled before the operation started because that was the order of the leadership of the so-called rsk . 
  to increase diversity , duh !, 
  fuck that . 
  she should be fired if she really tries that . 
  very well said . 
  with a machete ? 
  this sort of crime does n't really happen in my country . 
  the irish got a little carried away . 
  for shits and giggles, 
  probably epp if i like the candidates . 
  \\ - every sdp voter ever, 
  jesus christ man just admit you were wrong and get on with your life, 
  that 's really nice of you, 
  you 're exaggerating, 
  nope , maybe two years ago . 
  stop posting articles from this shit website, 
  you 're just jealous, 
  incredible , is n't it, 
  yeah it 's not my first language . 
  i can understand him perfectly though , just could never speak like that myself . 
  does everyone in britain speak that fast ? 
  that 's how it works , nothing unusual . 
  the possibilities are endless !, 
  * muslims * ( muslimani ) was a term for * bosniaks * ( bo\u0161njaci ) up until the war so it stuck around in colloquial speech . 
  nope !, 
  i really hope people over there are joking, 
  so it 's like / r/socialism . 
  croatia is not featured on civ but if it was i think it would be best represented by [ king petar kre\u0161imir iv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_kre\u0161imir_iv_of_croatia ) . 
   kre\u0161imir is , by some historians , regarded as one of the greatest croatian rulers . 
  thomas the archdeacon named him `` the great '' in his work historia salonitana during the 13th century for his significance in unifing the dalmatian coastal cities with the croatian state and accomplishing a peak in croatia 's territorial extent . 
  because la liga . 
  why are people acting like uk already left the eu ? 
  they 're gon na stick around for a while . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/voting-rights/index_en.htm  eu citizenship gives every eu citizen the right to vote for and stand as a candidate in municipal and european parliament elections in whichever eu country the citizen resides , under the same conditions as nationals . 
  this right is conferred directly on every eu citizen by article 22 of the eu treaty . 
  it is also taken up in articles 39 and 40 of the eu charter of fundamental rights . 
  i have that !, 
  it literally takes minutes to make it here in croatia , you just put your croatian insurance card in a machine and the machine gives you the european one , pretty awesome . 
  [ euroscola ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/euroscola/en/home.html ) . 
  it 's for high school students only i think . 
  it is , ignore him , 
  they kidnapped you ? 
  yeah he 's witty and funny , but does that really make him a good politician like people on this sub often think ? 
  it 's no secret that he was in corporate hands while he was pm of luxembourg . 
  thanks kolinda, 
  that 's not a problem . 
  why should i take him seriously when he 's obviously talking about the things he does n't understand while he 's presenting arguments for just one side and using a strawman for the other ( i 'm talking about the refugee/migrants video ) . 
  he 's just a comedian ( a shitty one imo ) , not a journalist . 
  problem is , a lot of people who tend to be left-wing , take him seriously . 
  i 'm gon na need the link to that video that won the contest , thank you . 
  they started trouble because they were `` protesting '' against the corrupt croatian fa , they planned on stopping the match and getting a huge punishment for the fa . 
  except that that is exactly the thing those `` fans '' wanted . 
  it 's incredibly complicated . 
  in short , newly-formed centrist party most ( bridge ) entered a coalition with centre-right party hdz and they formed a governemt . 
  one of the conditions most gave to hdz that the prime minister is not a politician , but a expert who is not from either party . 
  they chose tihomir ore\u0161kovi\u0107 , a pharmaceutical exec who is croatian but spent most of his life in canada and his croatian is a bit rusty . 
  that was in january and it looked like everything was ok . 
  but then , some documents about karamarko ( president of hdz and vice-president of the government ) and his wife leaked that showed her cooperation with a hungarian oil company mol that 's in a dispute with the croatian government . 
  ore\u0161kovi\u0107 publicly called for his resignation because the pressure from everywhere was pretty strong , and then karamarko called for ore\u0161kovi\u0107 's resignation but he refused . 
  considering hdz has a lot of the seats in the parliament , they voted to topple the government and with the support of the opposition ore\u0161kovi\u0107 was gone . 
  this is a simplified version and honestly , i feel sorry for all non-croatians who did n't follow this shitshow for the past six months , this shit is more entertaining than game of thrones . 
  yeah , i read it more carefully again , you 're right . 
  it 's pretty condescending . 
  inferior in education . 
  it 's a foul because it is n't an ordinary air duel , it 's a duel with a goalkeeper . 
  what other nations are you talking about ? 
  relevant username, 
  yeah but it 's metaphorical or whatever . 
  i just wan na help you with your trolling . 
  you 're doing it too often so it 's become pretty boring . 
  bible does n't negate evolution . 
  you 're becoming a bit repetitive and boring . 
  juncker was elected by the european parliament though . 
  as a croatian , i could n't care less about our slavic identity . 
  i downvoted because op did n't provide translation . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  the court of human rights has nothing to do with the eu . 
   the three men who have been arrested are asylum seekers from pakistan . 
  if they 're found guilty , fuck their asylum requests and send them back . 
  or istria .
