  that 's fucked up , man . 
  so you believe putin is a nazi ? 
  lol, 
  yea that is surely a real reason why they are against it, 
  as an idiot , i can confirm . 
  obviously the match in the second croatian football league that i put some money on is fixed . 
  i would love to go to paintball with putin . 
  is that true ? 
  i like turkey but i prefer chicken huehue, 
  croatian is pretty nice . 
  that you are strong romans who do n't need no slavs . 
  who plays in the final ? 
  lol get off your high horse, 
   as a true european hahaha what, 
  it 's just a bad joke . 
  i consider both georgia and turkey european countries . 
  russia is . 
  this, 
  russia is just a regional power ? 
  there 's a bot for everything . . 
  hehehe, 
  russian speaking people tend to speak russian, 
  how do you say monkey in cyprus ? 
  or ... he 's a serb who changed his flair so people would n't downvote him :p, 
  hey you 're not albanian, 
  oh my god nooo, 
  i do n't get the old europe/new europe one . 
  angela looks scary . 
  i 'll take that . 
  what does `` outsizedly prolific '' mean ? 
  oh fuck off there 's no point in talking to you, 
  your education system is to blame here . 
  i do n't want anything from serbia , but i would like that serbs acknowledge the fact that they were on the wrong side of the war ( in the '90s ) , that they commited organised war crimes all over b & amp ; h and croatia and that republic of croatia formed in 1990 . has ** absolutely nothing to do with ndh ** that was formed in 1942 . 
  serbs in croatia were not endangered in 1990s until they put themselves in that position . 
  they were offered [ autonomy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/z-4_plan ) with pretty much every right that a sovereign nation has except their own military and foreign policy and they refused it . 
  i want you to stop pretending that you were victims in that war , because you were not . 
  edit : you originally said `` what do you want from serbia '' , just saying so people would know why i phrased my comment like i did . 
   you know what 's even funnier ? 
  croats talking about genocides . 
  again with this ad hominem attacks you used on / r/serbia on me and now here . 
  do you honestly believe that because of our ethnicity we 're not allowed to talk about certain subjects ( genocide in this case ) ? 
  yes , we did terrible things 70 years ago , but that does n't mean that we ca n't point out all the terrible things serbs have done in the past 25 years . 
  if you think otherwise , than you 're a bigoted idiot . 
  sorry to break it to you . 
   ( edit : typo ) good thing you corrected it !, 
  not only americans m8, 
  it 's not just a few bridges though . 
  it 's more than 500 dead . 
  this thread is awesome, 
  why do n't you explain why is he wrong instead of making stupid comments like that ? 
  fuck that i want 6g, 
  greetings , mrs. auken !, 
  what 's your opinion on serbia joining the eu ? 
  do n't know why you 're downvoted , i agree with you completely . 
  apparently some people here just want to hear what they want to hear , regardless if it 's true . 
  source is a guy who overheard erdogan and putin speaking on the phone ? 
  seems sketchy , especially considering that russia is one of the turkey 's strongest trading partners , if not the strongest . 
  turkey has been keeping aside of this conflict because it 's not it their interests to go against russia . 
  i 'd wait for an official statement to confirm this . 
   croatia and serbia have sued each other again over war crimes what do you mean `` again '' ? 
  in croatian , * pravda * means * justice * so i assumed that it 's the same in russian . 
  turns out that russians do n't speak croatian . 
  for those wondering , it means * justice * . 
  edit : actually , google translate says it means * true * . 
  we wo n't forgive you . 
  mods pls ban him . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  did not know that . 
  ohh you 're just joking . 
  it 's hard to tell sometimes : /, 
  itt : bunch of people that have no idea what are they talking about, 
  there was enough evidence to confirm the fact that it was genocide , but there was not enough evidence to prove that serbia did it . 
  yup . 
  which members are n't meeting their obligations ? 
  haha did they actually say that ? 
  poland stronk . 
  we should do this with bosnia, 
  whaaat i always thought it 's a peninsula . 
  yes , i do . 
  but many people here would not . 
  it 's not like anyone cares what we think . 
  does n't mean they 're weak, 
   russia is weak haha, 
  i 'm not an expert but i do n't think it 's that simple to find a new source of natural gas that will provide as much as russia and considering that all infrastructure for getting the gas from russia to europe is already bulit , i do n't see how would europe benefit from embargo on russia 's natural gas . 
  and europe is interested in buying it because we do n't have an alternative . 
   racist pulsions you 're exaggerating . 
  advantages of joining the eu outweight problems the eu brings , like this one . 
  to say that we should n't have joined the eu because of this is pretty stupid , in my opinion . 
  merkel = literally hitler, 
  why not send him to ukranian court ? 
  this is * exactly * what democracy is . 
  do n't pretend that democracy is something perfect , it has its flaws as we can see here . 
  why are you so mad about this, 
   we really do n't need this here the post has more than 1000 points ... 
  surprised that denmark did n't lift the restrictions . 
  slovenia and croatia too . 
   why people care so much about this i do n't know . 
  i suspect it 's mainly out of ignorance . 
  i think it 's mainly out of hatred towards islam we see on this subreddit too often . 
  and what exactly does that have to do with this thread ?
