  this is the anthem of the eu . 
  my favourite [ ode to joy video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcxulfgt938 ), 
  he 's talking about kosovo, 
  bosnia and herzegovina for obvious reasons . 
  the comment before yours was referencing croatian war of independence ( in the ninties ) , and yours was about wwii . 
  wrong war mate btw partisans were founded in croatia and in the first year majority of them were croatians, 
  first time i 've seen it therefore first time it was posted . 
  hello !, 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  every day for at least an hour . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  every day at least once , sometimes more if there are some news i 'm interested in that 's being discussed in / r/europe . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  croatia  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  croatian , bosnian , serbian , montenegrin . 
  i 'm a polyglot . 
  :d  what interests you about europe ? 
  many things ; its history , the eu , relations between individual countries etc. 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favourite thing - there are people from every european country here , it 's interesting how people 's opinions may differ based on their nationality or location . 
  least favourite thing - downvoting based on someone 's opinion or nationality . 
  sadly , it happens way more than it should . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i 'm a moderator of / r/croatia , but that 's a pretty small community compared to / r/europe . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i think it could be a nice experience and i believe i could help make this sub a more enjoyable place . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i 'm gon na be available as much as i can , i 'm pretty objective when it comes to moderator things like removing posts that break the rules or replying to modmail . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i do n't . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i 'm aware that it was introduced with a good intention but it did n't work well because people felt like you were censoring them . 
  so when you got rid of the megathread , the sub got even more cluttered by the imigration posts than before . 
  imo the megathread should have never been introduced and maybe the front page would n't be so clutterd then as it is now . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i do n't know how to use automoderator or css . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one hundred duck sized horses , providing they can not fly . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why porn . 
  no need to explain . 
  i do n't think these counts of olympic medals are fair ; one skier ( or swimmer ) can win multiple medals but when a basketball team ( or any other team ) finishes in top three on the tournament it only counts as one medal for the country . 
  damn right you did, 
  \\ #justbalkanthings, 
  prague . 
  it 's beautiful , relatively cheap and has beer . 
  ah , petica was awesome . 
  hrt even showed all the big european derbies like el clasico , arsenal-chelsea or milan-inter derbies . 
  now they only show half of the cl . 
  haha is he still doing them ? 
  why ? 
   if left wo n't compromise now , it will be too late later ( i used to be lefty on this , but i see that we need to stop this * now * to avoid crazies getting in power ) so you do n't see the migrant crisis as a problem that needs to be solved because it will lead to many bigger problems in the future , you only want to solve it now when it looks like right-wing parties may win the elections in many european countries ? 
  where ? 
  it seems like they had no choice . 
  happy national day , ma\u0111ari !, 
  great , good for you mods . 
  it did take you some time but the important thing is those megathreads are gone . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assumption_of_mary ), 
  u wot, 
  i 'm gon na do that for you tonight . 
  they cant gib it cuz its not theirs, 
  i think `` jebem ti mater '' ( * ( i ) fuck your mother * ) is even more common . 
  it 's the same in croatian, 
  i call it majmun . 
  no we should n't , that 's not our territory . 
  that the communist serbs that work for the yugoslavian secret police are guilty for everything bad that happens in croatia . 
  lol are you serious ? 
   basketball you are good but croatia has a good team too , we shall see who has the better team in this year 's eurobasket !, 
   voleyball do men also play that sport ? 
  :p  shooting what , like with ak-47 ? 
  our team was terrible , congrats to serbs for the victory , totally deserved . 
  important thing is we qualified for the olympics , that 's a bit more important competition imo . 
  i just realized you 're a troll , goodbye . 
  he 's working for the french company general geoscience and he was kidnapped on his way to work . 
  i do n't know where the fuck did you pull your information from but it 's wrong and in future , before making such retarded conclusions , inform yourself , you wo n't look like a complete idiot then . 
  does \u0160e\u0161elj have a secret stash of croatian flags or what ? 
  what 's the purpose of the french parade on the day of the fall of bastille or of the russian parade on their victory day ? 
  to show what the army that 's parading ( and in croatia 's case , the police , health and fire department too ) have at their disposal and what they 're capable of . 
  imo it 's a very dignified celebration that also looks awesome . 
   why not do something peaceful which would bring you closer to the * european idea * ? 
  we 're a member of the eu , we 're pretty familiar with the * european idea * . 
  today 's holiday is a celebration of the end of the war . 
  to answer your question , slovenia was also in war with serbia ( yugoslavia ) , but only for 10 days . 
  after that , the yugoslav army retreated from slovenia and focused on bosnia and croatia . 
  one of the reasons for that isthere was n't a large number of serbs in slovenia , as opposed to bosnia and croatia . 
  he 's talking about slavonia , the eastern part of croatia , not slovenia , 
  these are the new guys . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
   there is nothing that would lead me to believe this is a result of some crazed tank rampage . 
  not even numerous wittnesses ? 
  i suppose not , when you refuse to believe in something , nothing will change your mind . 
  enjoy living in ignorance . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o32wi3_od0 it 's pretty unbelieveable , i know . 
  but sadly , it 's true . 
  why ? 
  that 's from knin , not zagreb . 
  some expect over 100000 people in knin today , of course there will be some extremist idiots among them . 
  go back to youtube , please .
