  that bastard did n't even say thank you . 
   definition of `` european '' is very subjective , that 's why i said `` to me '' . 
  that 's why i asked how do you define european . 
  for example , i think that everyone who is born anywhere in europe and lives here can be considered european , no matter what race , nationality or religion s/he is . 
  are you serious ? 
  how do you define `` european '' ? 
  do you find bosnians who are not muslim european ? 
  romania and bulgaria , we need to get our shit together . 
  oh i did n't know that . 
  i was talking in general , maybe there are n't many tourists in serbia because you need passport to go there since it 's not in eu so it 's more convenient for tourists to go to other countries . 
  maybe because it is n't in eu , i do n't know . 
  source ? 
   i get your point . 
  i 'm not veryt litterate of this war , and i 'm improvising a little bit with wikipedia to get things half-right . 
  it was a very complicated war ( well , which one is n't ? ), 
  that foreigners often do n't understand . 
   well , the rest of my statement stands , i doubt it was a problem of eu ( i mean current eu countries ) actually fearing to loose against yugoslavian army which prevented them to get involved . 
  i agree . 
   croatia has just been formed and was n't recognized by yugoslavia , so from a yugoslavian point of view , it was a civil war i do n't really know if serbians look at it like a civil war ( maybe someone from serbia could tell us that ) , but croatia was recognized by other countries and it does n't matter if yugoslavia recognized it or not . 
  it was an independent nation . 
  edit : it 's basically like saying american war for independence was civil war . 
   if my understanding is correct it was a civil war , so a better army would 've made both side stronger and the war bloodier . 
  it was n't a civil war . 
  serbia ( yugoslavia ) was an agressor that atacked sovereign nation on its territory , the fact that croatia and serbia were in the same nation before does n't mean it was a civil war . 
  so , if there was more support from un , nato or eu during the war , it would only benefit croatia , not both sides . 
  one time is enough , there 's absolutely no chance of war here . 
  that shit in vukovar happened 22 years ago , nobody wants that again . 
  oh come on mate you did n't even try, 
  all i know is that there is this ukrainian family on the beach and they are always on the same spot taking half of the beach and they brought their speakers and they are constantly playing some ukranian pop-folk music or fucking gangnam style . 
   iceland  european powerhouse lol, 
  and they made maps all the time . 
   so people prefer to not choose , to have right to complain they can still complain if people they voted for win . 
  religion is an organized collection of beliefs , cultural systems , and world views that relate humanity to the supernatural , and to spirituality . 
  the term mythology can refer either to a collection of myths ( a mythos , e.g. , inca mythology ) or to the study of myths ( e.g. , comparative mythology ) . 
  source : www.wikipedia.org i get what you 're trying to say , but you chose the wrong word . 
  mythology = / = religion, 
   mythology huh ? 
  we usually go with `` pu\u0161i kurac '' but this is also nice . 
  i do n't even know which one to choose ... 
  i know that feeling :(, 
  zimbabwe is poor . 
  imagine if they 're in the eu , they would be the poorest country out of 29 . 
  now that 's poor !, 
  oh come on , we 're not that poor . 
  i bet i have more money in my piggy bank than you . 
  exactly . 
  we have the same problem in croatia ( and i guess every other balkan country has that problem ) . 
  there were 250,000 more people in croatia 12 years ago . 
  that 's the size of our third biggest city . 
  you 're thinking of android . 
  andorra is mountain chain in chile . 
  thanks eu !, 
  nice, 
  scandinavia , goodbye . 
   the beginning of the first world war was decided here ( some austrian duce got assasinated ) it happened in bosnia , not serbia . 
  to be fair , not all of those songs are turbo folk , but still ... maybe post it in / r/crappymusic haha , 
  they were at war with us and that did n't end so well for them they have very interesting history there are still problems with kosovo home of maybe the two toughest football firms in europe - delije and grobari they suck at football home of turbo folk ( why serbia ? ), 
  i know a lot more about serbia , but this is enough . 
  that 's what i call a law !, 
  now that croatia entered eu , we have 3 migs more !, 
  why ? 
  why do americans on reddit have to turn every subject to talking ( or bashing ) about usa ? 
  it happens all the time on / r/worldnews , and now i see it here . 
   they lived in the same country as hungarians for 800 years but their modern historians try to pretend like it never happened . 
  most croatians i talked to say they do n't even learn about it in school what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  those croatians you talked to are either stupid or did n't pay attention in school at all . 
   bad blue boys are a bunch of girls oh no you didnt, 
  calling a scot british is not the same as calling a croat yugoslav . 
  yugoslavia is not a country , it 's not a geographical term , it 's used to be a country but it 's not anymore . 
  there were several nationalities in it and only small part of people called themselves yugoslavs . 
  i 'd rather compare yugoslavia to austria-hungary or ottoman empire than to great britain . 
  i agree with you . 
  serbian and croatian are ** different languages ** no matter how many similiraties are there between them . 
  is it really that hard to call a language the way people who speak that language want it to be called ? 
  it actually points south , and serbia is in the east . 
  but it 's true that it used to point towards hungary . 
  so much croatia on this subreddit . 
  better than in croatia i hope . 
  thanks !, 
  well , you seem like you 're doing just fine without eu unlike us . 
  cet master race !, 
  keith aleksandrovi\u0107, 
  well it 's not like countries are entering eu every month . 
  the last time some country entered was six years ago , and who knows when is the next time . 
  this is pretty important event for eu . 
  really ? 
   economy hahaha, 
  why ? 
  former major of croatian second biggest city . 
  oh , stop it , you . . hhh, 
  serbs do n't joke . 
  they also said that last year . 
  ... who said i do n't play call of duty ? 
  do n't jump to conclusions man . 
  but there 's a limit of how many non-eu players you can buy . 
  the only reason why i 'm looking forward to see my country in eu is that in football manager 2014 i 'll be able to buy as many croatian players as i want to english clubs !!, 
  i. . . i like your us map ... 
  yes , corruption is still a problem , but the fact that our last pm was jailed proves that we are moving forward . 
  how are we not democratic enough for eu ?
