zagreb is definitely a nice and interesting city worth visting , but it 's not a must-see . 
  zagreb - we have the shortest public-transport funicular in the world . 
  yup . 
  beautiful city, 
  my mom likes me, 
  it was by definition a second-world country . 
  that statement is so stupid on so many levels, 
  us normal people vs dalmatians, 
  i think it looks terrible . 
  this is awesome , where can i buy these paintings, 
  shots fired !, 
  not really . 
  lithuania is nice . 
  denmark too . 
  la liga all the way !, 
  til, 
  what 's up with grecko in northern poland ? 
  [ livanjski sir ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/livno_cheese ), 
  it 's still stupid . 
  singular - euro/cent plural - euri/centi, 
   it seems to me that there 's less nationalistic lunatics in slovenia yeah there are like seven of them, 
  this is big . 
  bandi\u0107 has been on croatian political scene since croatian independence , he 's been a mayor of zagreb since 2000 and he run for the president in 2009 . 
  this is probably the biggest arrest in croatia since former prime minister sanader was arrested . 
  do people really still find that funny ? 
   i never said i didnt want to join the eu ( who gives a fuck about what i want antways ) , but rather that , words like hillarious do n't have a place in this conversation . 
  oh , i misinterpreted what you said , you 're right . 
   maybe we should tell the bosniaks to forget about the whole srebrenica thing ? 
  they should just forget about it , no use living in the past right i said that there 's no point in living in the past , not that there 's no point in remembering the past . 
  oh , that one . 
  was n't sure if you were talking about that or something else . 
  so , what you 're saying is that you do n't want to join the eu because croatia is in eu ? 
  it 's a pretty stupid way to look at things . 
  you need to move on , living in the past is not good for anybody . 
  what genocide are you talking about ? 
  because sweden stole what belongs to glorious denmark and they shall suffer for it !, 
  glory to denmark !, 
  skane is denmark !, 
  ** remove meatballs !, 
  ** ( i played with denmark in eu4 once so sometimes i get a little emotional when this topic comes up ), 
  oh god, 
  if by us you mean uk then yes . 
  i just looked it up , it 's 95 % according to the last census . 
  did n't expect such a high number , i thought there were more serbs there . 
  that is one badass stache . 
  and we 're atletico . 
  next year is ours bitches . 
  lol no, 
  sure why not , you can take rijeka, 
  this is so sad, 
  why ? 
  no way . 
  i do n't think * any * western balkan country will join in that time , except for maybe montenegro . 
  let 's all just blame the slovenes , 
  you get an entity !, 
  and you get an entity !, 
  everybody gets an entity !, 
  come on , it 's not like they 'll start a world war . . 
  haha , not usually , but that saying ( `` jebem ti mater '' ) is very popular and can be used in many situations . 
  we 're very creative with our curses . 
  example : you have n't seen a good friend of yours for a long time and you finally meet him . 
  you go to him and say `` pa di si ti jebem ti mater ! '', 
  which literally means `` where have you been i fuck your mother '' but it actually means `` where the fuck have you been '' ( in a friendly tone ) . 
  i know see how this might sound to a foreigner haha , but it 's normal here . 
  probably not , but who knows , maybe you 'd get lucky . 
  if you have any free time , i suggest you take a look at this [ blog ] ( http://zablogreb.blogspot.com/?m=1 ) by an american living in a croatia ( he even wrote a book about it ) who talks about differences between american and croatian lifestlyle , it 's a good read . 
  ( imo older posts are better so scroll down a bit ), 
  well , tourism is a large source of income for many croatians so it make sense that we treat our tourists as best as we can . 
   i 'm a big fan of the balkan peeps ( well croatians and bosnians anyway ) , and i 'd like if a bunch more moved here . 
  maybe you should move here if you like it that much . 
  i 'm glad you had good time here , but that is all just anecdotal . 
  i ca n't speak for italy , but there 's corruption in croatia on all levels , but i think it 's getting better . 
  / r/slovenia might be a better sub for this question, 
  yup , italy is pretty corrupt, 
  no , slovenia is seen as the most prosperous ex-yu country . 
  omg both slovenes in one thread, 
  same in croatian and serbian . 
  / r/europecirclejerk needs more posts like this one . 
  good job op !, 
  edit : oh wait , this is / r/europe, 
  so are we also talking about the entire planet because ukraine is a part of the earth ? 
  we 're talking about ukraine here , not europe . 
  [ dubioza kolektiv - euro song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik8fvhnk0om ), 
   satire is used to highlight an issue in less indirect way then why does everyone that talks about the issue the article is highlighting gets told `` lol it 's satire , shut up '' ? 
  i mean , what are we supposed to do ? 
  read the article and laugh because it 's that funny ? 
  what is satire used for ? 
  honestly i do n't like these kind of websites , i do n't find them funny and i always get the impression that people writing these articles just want to show off . 
  so there 's no point , i see . 
  what 's the point in posting satire articles here ? 
  lol, 
  try harder mate, 
  it 's a typo . 
  it 's meant to say `` stockholm '' . 
  glad you like it !, 
  where did you come from ? 
  woah woah wait a second . 
  wearing mismatched socks ? 
  belgium has a coast haha . 
  i do n't .
