  in croatia it is the upcoming handball game against you guys . 
  you will lose, 
  sounds just like eu . 
  well , the fact that it worked for switzerland does n't mean it will work for eu , right ? 
  56 people were found dead . 
  what 's wrong with france ? 
  my map ( i made it on my phone , so it 's little messy  ) http://i.imgur.com/ep3ip.jpg, 
  oh , is this another circlejerk about how church is bad and atheism is good ? 
  as a catholic , i agree with you . 
  no , not a part of slovenia . 
  maybe part of serbia . 
  is that the episode when he walked like hitler the whole time ? 
  / r/croatia is leaking, 
  guys , i 'm moving to australia . 
  glorifying the old ustasa nazi days ?!, 
  we were fighting for indepedence , damn it . 
  do n't even try . 
  do n't mention anything good about catholics or pope , you 'll just get downvoted ... 
  croatian here , welcome to the club . 
  130 is the limit , the map is wrong . 
  you are allowed to go 10 % over the limit so tehnically you can go 140 , but 130 is still the limit . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  i was talking about the world cup . 
  you 're a bit dense , are n't you ? 
  you never won anything more than a bronze in the world cup . 
  and that was in 1930 . 
  that was awesome , but i 'd go with bronze on the 1998 world cup . 
  we would 've won the gold if it was n't for lilian fucking thuram ... 
  bitch , please . 
  we were leading at one point in the final against the dream team . 
  does every thread here needs to be about the immigrants ? 
  do you prefer strasbourg or bruxelles ? 
  for anyone wondering , * \u0160 * is bacically * sh * ( as in * shoe * ) . 
  but it has bullet points and it 's pretty long - it must be true !, 
  i do n't think it is . 
   most of the people i 've known that have committed suicide ( around 12 ) jesus christ, 
  he * was * a mod for a little while . 
   croatia responded by sending both of their tanks [ pls ] ( http://imgur.com/xnstpst ), 
  slovenia started to let the immigrants in . 
  i ca n't help but laugh . 
  where in croatia is this ? 
  that 's how i pretty much always pay for coffee , except when i do n't have the exact amount of cash ready . 
  not entire border , border in srijem is not along danube . 
  http://www.vecernji.hr/svijet/slovenska-policija-ako-izbjeglice-dodu-na-granicu-bez-dokumenata-vratit-cemo-ih-1025407 slovenia cancelled all trains coming from croatia , croatian border police does n't let immigrants leave the country without proper id and passport . 
  they 're stuck here for now . 
  lol, 
  great !, 
  we 're still drunk from the yesterday match, 
  what do you mean ? 
  do n't come back . 
  that 's what it looks like . 
  ** #izbjeglice this is the twitter of the croatian government . 
  translation is : milanovi\u0107 ( croatian pm ) : those people are here , they want to work , create . 
  they do n't want to come to croatia , they do n't want to come to hungary . 
  ** they will be able to pass through croatia . 
  ** ( i ca n't link directly to the tweet because automoderator deletes comments with links to twitter in them ), 
  you should add some new mods to help you deal with the applicants . 
  it 's completely morally acceptable . 
  serbs use both alphabets , croats only latin . 
   so you use cyrillic or the latin alphabet interchangeably depending on context / content ? 
  no , that 's why this paper is weird . 
  you either use one alphabet or the other . 
  why would they be butthurt ? 
  different font, 
  getting bombed is something most countries are n't very fond of . 
  i 'll just translate everything : sorry , your plane is on fire !, 
  mine is visible but it does n't fall . 
  avio-waste bu\u0111anovci : we even have f-117a parts suddenly , the ground came in its way . 
  it missed the sur\u010din airport . 
  what will happen to the white house ? 
  give us another one , we need it to cover the pigsty . 
  a child does n't know what invisible means . 
  we 'll fuck nato , my friend !, 
  briefly , but deadly !, 
  greetings from serbia this is very weird haha, 
  lol, 
  `` fun '' fact : first victim of the croatian war of independence was a policeman who died near plitvice, 
  never . 
  i 've been to many places in croatia but somehow missed plitvice . 
  nope , they go from serbia to hungary and then to austria , bypassing croatia in the process, 
  / r/croatiapics, 
  same here . 
  i should go . 
  one day . 
  come to zagreb !, 
  it gets very warm in the summer ( +30 \u00b0 c ) and there 's snow pretty much every winter but the temperatures do n't get too low ( it mostly does n't go below -5 \u00b0 c during the day ) . 
  seaside for summer and mountains for winter are also relatively close . 
  that 's why i posted a link to the whole wiki page , it seemed stupid to copy everything ... 
  wiki article explains well when is the pope infallible in the `` conditions for teachings being declared infallible '' section . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papal_infallibility  papal infallibility is a dogma of the catholic church that states that , in virtue of the promise of jesus to peter , the pope is preserved from the possibility of error `` when , in the exercise of his office as shepherd and teacher of all christians , in virtue of his supreme apostolic authority , he defines a doctrine concerning faith or morals to be held by the whole church . '', 
  so no , he is n't infallible when it comes to politics . 
   you are just taking random scarce information and presenting it like it 's some hard evidence . 
  the post that he linked to ( that dclauzel delisted ) proves that he has some sort of an agenda because he banned the op for a year for being a `` troublemaker '' , despite that the post was n't breaking any rules . 
  it 's really bad moderation and makes you think how many of those people he banned were also unfairly banned . 
  i bet it 's many . 
  wales is next !, 
  hungary is doing more that most of the eu countries for fucks sake . 
  eurobasket started !, 
  spain is in europe .
