  i 'm not sure i understand you ... 
  we can call them americans ... 
  insult ? 
  he did n't insult anyone . 
  what 's black snow ? 
   try saying that 5 times in a row i ca n't say that one time in a row . 
   eurovision fan \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  when i heard of monsters and men for the first time i thought they were from ireland !, 
  on the `` old school '' map , serbia , montenegro and kosovo are still one country . 
  it 's really not that hard to google . 
  fuck anarchism !, 
  fuck every government then !, 
  just downvote and move on . 
  no need to take a screenshot . 
  i know , but it 's interesting that a word that 's in one language normal is considered an insult in other language . 
  fun fact : albanians call themselves shiptar . 
  we should write all titles in capital letters because that way they sound more important , right ? 
  he ca n't elaborate because he does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  he talks to us like we 're children or something . 
  come to croatia baby . 
  yeah well fuck you too, 
  still mad about knocking you out of qualifications for euro 2008 ? 
  i always wanted to go there !, 
  we do n't . 
  - it 's located between austria and switzerland - they speak german - capital is vaduz - their national football team suck but they still somehow managed to score two goals when they played against us, 
  maybe . 
  kosovo is never doing ok . 
  super mario is croatian :p, 
  no problem mate , always happy to help . 
  a map . 
  yeah i do n't know what the hell is he talking about . 
  obviously the best country in the world is croatia . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  what the fuck, 
  and in euro 2012 :(, 
  ... i know only three songs on your list . 
  i 'm from croatia and my least favourite european country is spain . 
  i really do n't know why , but i just do n't like it . 
  yeah !, 
  i vote for croatian . 
  catholic church *, 
  of course he did , do n't listen to potato . 
  yeah i had no idea that that was lyrics from that beatles song , thanks for the link !, 
  did you know that the majority of zucca 's images show paris as a thriving , lively city filled with food , laughter and young families ? 
  i think it is . 
  aww that 's exactly the kind of relationship we have with our neigbours !, 
  lol, 
  bosnian are the best . 
  lol montenegro you do n't exist, 
  that 's different and you know that . 
  yeah i 'm aware of that , i was half-joking . 
  however , since one part of turkey is in europe , i consider them a european country . 
  but ... they 're in uefa !, 
   just wait a decade or two - these systems will be overtaken by the systems with free education . 
  i hope so , but i doubt it . 
  2008 was a rough year . 
  fellow croats , this is embarassing . 
  we need to keep up with our eastern friends . 
  guess you were right . 
  i 'm pretty confused . 
  is he or is he not a leader of that party ? 
  how come costa rica is so high on the list ? 
  yeah but he 's still in charge of social-democratic party as he said . 
  he was convicted for corruption and people still vote for him ? 
  why ? 
  here in croatia it 's great for cheap candy and ice-creams , and its vegatables and fruit are usually pretty fresh , but other than that it 's all some unknown german brands . 
  ah , the famous past-future tense . 
  do n't disturb me while i 'm watching the game jebote, 
  joke thread was last week . 
  hvala metaleks , ljudina si . 
  ajde sad brzo pi\u0161i edit i kreditiraj me . 
  taenk , would n't it be better if you posted this thread later ? 
  not in 2am ? 
  there are n't many comments here . 
  we 'll beat them ... lol, 
  sorry about that, 
  yeah mine too, 
  i 'm not really into basketball and i did n't watch today 's game , but what i heard from people who watched it that spain was playing pretty bad and we still managed to lose 28 points . 
  so , i guess they deserved booing . 
  we used to be better ... 
  okay, 
   some opinions are more correct than others , and some are just wrong . 
  i agree , but i do n't agree that that 's a reason for downvote . 
  you should downvote a comment that is irrelevant to discussion , that is rude or offensive and of course troll comments . 
  my comments were relevant , they were n't offensive and i was n't trolling . 
  i just had different opinion . 
   most serbs are quite used to it . 
  yup . 
  i feel sorry for you for having to deal with all this anti-serbian propaganda . 
  when i see that my comment is * hidden * because i have different fucking opinion than the majority of the subreddit , i just lose the will to discuss anything in that thread . 
   we discussed this few days ago on / r/croatia . 
  uh , no , we did n't `` discuss '' anything in / r/croatia . 
  unless you count downvoting everyone with different opinion discussing . 
  it 's like liverpool . 
   google or microsoft ? 
  why not apple ? 
  they 've changed a lot since then . 
  exactly . 
  if they could read it for 20 years , they can now too . 
  because / r/europe downvotes things they do n't like even if they are true .
