  i would sincerely advise you not to bring such conclusions based only on a couple of reddit comments , do some research for yourself if you are interested in the topic . 
  if you are not , do n't comment . 
  if you say so mr. central european . 
  it is n't happening in croatia either , i honestly do n't know what he 's talking about . 
  our rulling party is hdz , centre-right demochristians , your tipical mainstream party with a couple of shady individuals and lots of controversies in the past but they 're getting better with the new leadership ( still far from perfect ) . 
  the only `` major '' populist party we have is \u017divi zid ( human shield ) , anti-globalist lunatics that believe all banks are bas and vaccines cause autism . 
  it is definitely not * prevalent * . 
  the whole thing was blown way out of proportion , i mean even the foreign press wrote about it saying the fascism is back in croatia and shit like that . 
  i do agree but i just wanted to let people here know who are not very well informed about these things that it 's not so black and white like some people portray . 
  no they are n't . 
  there 's not a single far-right party in croatian parlianment , let alone government , just one crazy guy our diaspora elected . 
  you are purposely showing only one side of the story . 
  the monument in jasenovac was erected in honour of fallen hos ( croatian paramilitary later incorporated in the croatian army ) fighter in the homeland war in 90s . 
  the `` za dom spremni '' on the monument is on there because it is written on the hos sign , not because it was used by usta\u0161e . 
  that greeting was also used in the homeland war even though it probably should n't have been used , but you 're making it look much worse than it is . 
  what in the flying fuck . 
  this must be a joke of some kind , no ? 
  have * you * seen a rosary ? 
  they absolutely do look like this . 
  they terrorized the entire city for some time . 
  that 's why we have [ qualified majority ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/voting-system/qualified-majority/ ) . 
  good news . 
  yeah , brits, 
  is it like british / r/politics ? 
  someone being richer than you does n't make them privileged . 
  what movement ? 
  why eastern europe ? 
  basic human rights should n't ( those in the un declaration ) . 
  everything else is up for debate , including abortion . 
  all countries are not the same , maybe people in finland do n't want the same thing as people in poland or portugal . 
  that 's why every country should decide for itself . 
  abortion is not a universal human right so no country can force another to change its laws about it . 
  yes , but those political decisions still have a lot to do with economics . 
  i 'm talking about social issues , like immigration , abortion and things like these , the eu should not have * any say * in those matters imo , only countries . 
  i 'm not talking about your legal right to talk about these things , that obviously goes without saying . 
  i 'm talking about your moral right , why do you think you know better what 's best for poles than they do ? 
  they legally elected the government they have now , you may not like it but that 's how it is . 
  that 's why i believe the `` political union '' part of eu is a complete miss . 
  it just just be about economic issues and leave other things to the individual countries . 
  if you 're not from one of those countries , what gives you the right to tell them that they should protest against something ? 
  maybe , maybe not , we 'll see . 
  i just do n't see the point of this post , nothing against you . 
  we get it , you protest . 
  do all muslims often use that phrase ? 
  i thought it was only used in arab countries . 
  well , they are a uefa member and they applied for hosting and they got it since they have a brand new big stadium over there . 
  one of the places euro2020 will be held in is baku , azerbaijan . 
  and baku . 
  how dissillusioned can you be ? 
  because we 're better than them ? 
  they also legalized torture , have death penalty , shitty public healthcare , should we also introduce these things here ? 
  yes ? 
  agree , that does n't mean we should conspire with democrats . 
  we should n't meddle in their internal affairs . 
  the american people have chosen their president and we should accept that even if we may not like it . 
  very good , rijeka is first in the league and they might win it after dinamo dominated for 10 or so years . 
  \\ ^ me when playing eu4, 
  beautiful landscape , ljubljana is a very nice city . 
  too bad the country is full of slovenes . 
  matja\u017e kek is actually a famous slovenian football coach currently managing a croatian club rijeka . 
  idiot . 
  would she also return corsica to italy ? 
  the referendum was illegal though , with virtually no foreign observers and it was held after the russian troops occupied crimea . 
  i would n't personally be against the annexation if it was done the right way . 
  false equivalency, 
  if anything that 's an argument against election for the commission . 
  by focusing on the economic issues because that 's why the union was founded and by leaving countries to do what they want otherwise ( like poland ) . 
   increasing democratic accountability by having the commission be elected . 
  why ? 
  we already elect meps . 
  troll harder, 
  not even because we beat you in france last year ? 
  i do n't want to force you , just giving advice . 
  feel free to continue doing it but be aware that it might be insulting . 
  cheers !, 
  haha okay . 
  that 's what you said in 1999 . 
  it 's condescending and can be offensive , stop doing it . 
  hahaha what the fuck, 
  i wish we did , it sounds cool . 
  zra\u010dna luka literally means air port though . 
  * brisel * is not correct , we write * bruxelles * and we also write * luxembourg * for the city but * luksemburg * for the country . 
  brazillions actually, 
  why should we want to `` win '' it , if they are stupid enough to want to leave coe , let them . 
  it 's literally the first thing mentioned . 
  top notch analysis, 
  we 'll open up a betting shop and a caffe, 
  i see . 
  that 's just one of the things that 's wrong with the death penalty . 
  other things would include costs of the punishment ( some us based studies showed that it 's more expensive to kill someone than to imprison them for life because of the legal costs ) and most importantly , it 's a barbaric punishment that has no place in the 21st century . 
  it 's definitely a major problem , putting an innocent person in prison is one of the most terrible things that can happen to someone , but executing them is 100 times worse . 
  there are several cases in the us where a person who was later deemed innocent was killed by the government . 
   capital punishment in russia has been indefinitely suspended , [ 1 ] although it is de jure allowed i 'm surprised it 's even de jure allowed since russia is a member of council of europe . 
  no problem mate, 
  what are you smoking man, 
  gay marriage is also forbidden by constitution in croatia which is at 67 % . 
  yes . 
  / r/croatia is on / r/de 's side !, 
  you were banned for trolling and now you 're playing victim here . 
  op is a known troll from / r/serbia .
