  you are probably talking about bosniaks , who would n't be happy if you called them `` literally the same thing '' as serbs . 
  i do n't know , that 's just my opinion which does n't mean shit . 
  i guess christianity plays a big role in that because it brought georgia and armenia closer to russia which certainly is european . 
  meh , i consider them all european . 
  except maybe azerbaijan , they 're like turkey , not really european , but not really asian either . 
  the only part of europe more fucked up than the balkans . 
  you 're right , i did n't consider that . 
   studied eu law as part of my law degree and still had to double check the amount of member states that 's kinda embarassing , do n't you think ? 
   your mom 's sexual partners ? 
  five or six dozen . 
  hehe . 
  i just assumed that the number of eu states is common knowledge , especially for the people living in the eu . 
  kinda like how everyone knows that the usa consists of 50 states . 
  apparently i was wrong . 
  come on , seriously ? 
  custom in croatia is kissing twice when greeting someone , once in each cheek . 
  in serbia , it 's three times , leading to awkward situtations like these . 
  that other guy is slovenian president . 
   notoriously belligerent terrorist state lol, 
  [ source ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/eu-28-equal/ ), 
  true . 
  i do n't think that blindly trusting turkish officials that the plane did violate their airspace is smart either . 
  we do n't know yet if the plane violated turkish airspace . 
  https://www.rt.com/news/323215-warplane-crash-syria-turkey/  a russian su-24 fighter has been shot down in syria , russian defense ministry said , adding the plane had n't violated turkish airspace and was at an altitude of 6,000 meters . 
  https://www.rt.com/news/323215-warplane-crash-syria-turkey/  a russian su-24 fighter has been shot down in syria , russian defense ministry said , adding the plane had n't violated turkish airspace and was at an altitude of 6,000 meters . 
  it is not yet certain if the plane even violated turkish airspace . 
  after all , it crashed in syria , not turkey . 
   btw is the gingerbread heart in anyway connected to some history of zagreb ? 
  yes !, 
  here 's a wiki article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/licitar, 
  advent in vienna is awesome . 
  i also recommend [ advent in zagreb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4ovtb71lwq ) , it only started a couple of years ago and it 's not as big as those in this article , but the city is really beautiful during that time . 
  here you have four eu contries that share the same values . 
  or do you think that only values promoted by germany , france or uk are the * true * eu values ? 
  that 's not ok but forcing those policies on the countries that clearly do n't want them ( not just the governments , the people too ) is ok ? 
  who says they do n't want to be in eu ? 
  bosnian state and protection agency director said that the killer is probably a member of wahabbi movement . 
  also , witnesses said to the police that he was dressed like one . 
   frankly , it was business for me . 
  that 's why you lost the war . 
  people reading his comments that have next to no idea what happened in vukovar might take out from his comments that the invasion was justified or that the both sides were equal or something . 
  he gives an interesting perspective , i agree , but does that mean that his comments are immune to criticism ? 
  please do n't try to justify what you and your comrades did in vukovar . 
   of course they did . 
  not nearly as much as we did , but armor and artillery were present . 
  well , yes . 
  croats did have some artillery but not much and often used improvised bombs . 
  and croats did n't have that . 
  as it says in the wiki article i linked in the op , the shelling and rockets hit the city at the rate of 12000 per day !, 
  for three fucking months !, 
  * that 's * what destroyed the city . 
  thanks you, 
  to be fair , this happened 24 years ago . 
  i ca n't english . 
  i 've been there a couple of times . 
  there 's a big number of buildings that are still damaged , sadly . 
  the city is fairly divided between croats and serbs and it never quite recovered from the war . 
  the future is not looking very bright for the young people from vukovar . 
  exactly . 
  he was talking about dismantling slovenia , of course . 
  yup . 
  it was n't known that it 's a false alarm when i posted it , otherwise i would n't have . 
   after frightening moments , in which pedestrians scattered , the episode appears to have been a ** false alarm ** . 
  there are pretty much no rules about spelling words , similarly spelled words can sound completely different and vice-versa . 
  that 's how democracy works , sometimes you get leaders you did n't vote for . 
  angela merkel is not an eu-official , she 's chancellor of * germany * . 
  eu has some authority over both croatia and germany , but germany does n't have any authority over croatia ( and vice-versa , ofcourse ) . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/idukkbn0p31zb20150623?irpc=932 ( article from june ), 
  true , but the germans elected her so she has authority to make decisions in their name . 
  we ( croatians ) did n't elect her and she has no authority here . 
  the only time article 5 was ever invoked was after 9/11 . 
  parisians , what 's it like in your city right now ? 
  are people scared to go outside ? 
  what ? 
  so what , you just cross it ? 
  [ picture of the said fence ] ( http://imgur.com/tiznfzl ), 
   serbia never targeted mosques just because they were mosques if the action of serbs in bosnia and croatia are any indication , then they have done exactly that in kosovo too . 
  yes , but you make it seem like party 's stance on migrant crisis is the only criterium by which you should decide who to vote for . 
  it * is * a problem , but it 's not the most important thing right now in croatia . 
  migrant crisis is n't seen as a big problem in croatia and it pretty much was n't even mentioned in the pre-election campaign . 
  we have bigger problems . 
  i just came back from the polling station . 
  the results of the election will be very interesting whatever happens , the polls put the two main coalitions very close . 
  i expect that the patriotic coalition ( right-wing , led by hdz ) will get more seats in the parliament than the croatia grows coalition ( left-wing , led by sdp ) , but not enough to form the government . 
  that 's why the next couple of weeks are going to be very interesting in croatia . 
  best experience : brewery tour in plzen , that was really interesting and fun . 
  got to try cold beer from those giant barrels too . 
  worst experience : i got ripped off at the exchange office in prague when i changed some euros to krunas , but that was my fault for not being careful . 
  it depends , is that girl a kid ? 
  and what are `` tree girls '' ? 
  i 'm just saying it sucks there were kids on the plane , i 'm not trying to undermine deaths of the rest of the people . 
  17 kids on the airplane ... fuck that, 
  yup , it 's definitely more southern . 
  it was under italian influence for a long time . 
  dalmatia is south europe . 
  this is terrible but sadly unavoidable if the fence is to stay . 
   need to start denying these assholes at the border before they turn europe into the same shithole they fled from . 
  you basically called every migrant an asshole , just saying that 's not ok . agree with your second comment , though . 
  dude cmon, 
  it 's great .
