  what about the two future tenses ? 
  `` bit \u0107u '' and `` budem bio '' ? 
  you 're not totally wrong but you 're not right either . 
  the fact that we voted * yes * on that referendum does n't mean this is a country full of people that hate gays . 
  people voted * yes * out of ignorance more than out of hatred . 
  i think that people mostly voted * yes * because of preserving some tradition that marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  i personally think that 's stupid and i was against the propostion . 
  i 'm aware that croatia is not a very gay-friendly country , but we are certianly not anti-gay country . 
  the possibility that you will get anything more than a dirty look for being gay is very small . 
  jesus christ man , just shut the fuck up already . 
  you 're annoying . 
  it 's not 2/3 croatians , it 's 2/3 of 1/3 of the voting body . 
  and yes , it sucks , but not nearly as much as you make it out to be . 
  you constantly talk about serbia and croatia like you know every fucking thing about these countries , but all you know about us is what you 've read on the internet . 
  come to zagreb . 
  stand in the main square with a rainbow flag and yell as loudly as you can `` i 'm gay ! '', 
  and not a fucking thing will happen to you . 
  stop talking about shit you do n't know anything about . 
  it 's `` energija '' in croatian , i do n't see * j * there . 
  do n't put croatia on the same page as serbia here , ok ? 
  i know you like to generalize things and make them black and white but there are gay prides in croatia every year for over 10 years and the one from the last year had around 15000 participants . 
  there were also no incidents . 
  jesus christ you guys take that parade wayyy too seriously . 
  but i am le tired, 
  you want a revolution against a democratically elected government in another country just because you do n't like them ? 
   croatia saw the highest ** decrease ** ( -0.8 % ) in unemployment in q2 2014 compared to data for q1 2014 probably because of the tourist season , there are plenty of season workers here . 
  now that it 's over , unemployment figures will rise again . 
  at least that 's how it 's worked the previous years . 
  mmm yeahh dat federal europe, 
  because of this ? 
  haha , nothing against wine here , just a personal preference . 
  i do n't often drink wine , but i 'm up for a beer every other day . 
  beer  wine, 
  we can into both, 
  southern europe , i am dissapointed in you . 
  ok , but we 'll only join if bosnia can come with us . 
  we 're in . 
  any examples ? 
  that 's a long sentence . 
  i always wanted to visit iowa !, 
  more ? 
  i would expect less . 
  caps lock, 
  you demonstrate a complete lack of understanding what the word `` principle '' means . 
  do you have a problem with someone having a problem with someone holding a unionist viewpoint ? 
  we do n't all hate serbs . 
  just most of us . 
  why is being eastern-european considered bad ? 
  i always wanted to be bulgarian anyway . 
  do you understand what the word `` harmless '' means ? 
  if it 's harmless why call them out on it ? 
  nice of you to admit that . 
  redditors tend to think that other redditors are a bunch of uneducated idiots and that they 're the exception to that rule . 
  not me though , i 'm perfect . 
  you 're a redditor . 
  tell that to djibouti, 
  best of luck , scotland !, 
  bosnian . 
  voleyball is for girls . 
  i guess that answers my question . 
  what are these numbers based on ? 
  do n't hate people so much man, 
  why not ? 
  i love albania . 
  this is a place for serious discussion rectal , no jokes !, 
  i 'm just sick of that `` it 's american fault '' mentality that is prevalent in balkan . 
  can i apply for citizenship ? 
  i want to be a wobzterian !, 
  seriously man, 
  only 1 face in bosnia ? 
  ukip guys seem pretty good to me . 
  ask angola !, 
  i could n't tell you why . 
  maybe it 's because they 're afraid of being called racists or they prefer to live in ignorance pretending there 's nothing wrong with their country . 
  i do n't really care about this topic and it personally does n't affect me , but i upvoted you because i got the impression that most of the people on this sub are n't capable of discussing this topic in a mature way . 
  posts like this one often get downvoted and the top comments are usually some sarcastic remarks . 
  inb4 this gets downvoted and you get called racist for posting it, 
  it looks uncomfortable . 
  he 's the president of the usa , the most powerful country in nato and in the world . 
  everything is his business . 
  i 'm glad / r/europe still upvotes quality comments like this !, 
  everyone makes fun of everything here . 
  you seem very educated on the topic . 
  because japan and italy were not in an alliance with germany , right ? 
  you should n't ignore massive sacrifices by the ussr in the ww2 . 
  ussr played arguably the biggest role in winning the war . 
  why ? 
  but how can i know what media channels do you get your information from ?? 
  if it matters then why does your flair say `` european union '' ? 
  or does nationality matter only when someone 's russian ? 
  does it matter ? 
  what, 
  til , i thought that was a normal word . 
  how different is cypriot greek from greek greek ? 
  yes i said it, 
  you mean kind of awesome . 
  lidl candies are the shit . 
  the title is pretty far-fetched . 
  it is interesting to me . 
  jesus christ , not everything has to be racist .
