  my point is you 'll definitely meet some interesting people if you leave your comfort zone sometimes . 
  because they are apparently awkward asocial people . 
  what is happening here, 
  china should have its own colour here . 
  seems very undemocratic , no ? 
  does n't he have immunity for things he says in the chamber ? 
  i mean , it 's rather obvious that he 's a racist bigot , but he 's also an elected official . 
  he deserves to be heard just like everyone else in that chamber . 
  i think that throwing people out of the session should be reserved for the more extreme cases ( violence , obstruction of debate ) , not for saying things the president of the parliament does n't like if those things are said in a civilized manner . 
  i do n't know man , a pigeon crapped on me once . 
  do n't feel bad , it 's a good joke . 
  idk man , they gave us some great food, 
  yup , in high schools you can choose between catholic religion class ( you also learn here about other religions a lot ) and ethics . 
  i do n't think we 're the only country that signed a contract with the holy see , and we 're definitely not the only country with religion classes in schools . 
  the question was n't even about secularism , it was about democracy . 
  oh god , i actually talked to someone today about the siege who lived in sarajevo during that time and did n't even realize it was the anniversary today . 
  he told me around 50 people he knew were killed , including his girlfriend at the time ( sniper ) and many friends and relatives . 
  he had to flee to zagreb in '94 and he still lives here . 
  siege of sarajevo is one of the saddest stories of the war in ex-yugoslavia . 
  but when you live in a different country , you should respect their customs . 
  hehehe nice one, 
  aw yes czechoslovakian fight, 
   and no european army in it 's right mind will gun down civilians trying to cross a border http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/16/afghan-refugee-shot-dead-police-turkey-enter-bulgaria, 
  i fucking hate andorra , fucking cunts from pyrenees just sitting there like they 're better than everyone else , fuck them . 
  tbh bosnian sounds more like croatian than serbian . 
  i understand why he said that and what he meant by that , but i also think it 's unnecessary language that a politican should n't use . 
  do you have a source for those numbers ? 
  wikipedia says it 's between 489 and 528 civilians killed , those numbers are very high , why do you have the need to inflate them ? 
  i plan on going there for the world cup in 2018 if croatia qualifies . 
  the last matches of the group stages are played on the 22nd . 
  i do n't want to sound rude , but most europeans do n't care at all . 
  that 's during the european football championship when they 'll feel like they belong in europe so they 'll vote to stay . 
  cameron knows what he 's doing . 
  unless england does n't go further than the group stage in which case they might vote to leave just out of spite . 
  it 's also official in ireland . 
  you 're probably talking about the attack in zvornik and that was n't an islamist attack , it was just a crazy guy that wanted revenge . 
  happy independence day !, 
  barely . 
  not in bosnia it does n't . 
  exactly . 
  we may shit on eu here all we want , and there are a couple of reasons for that , but the fact is that eu did * a lot * more good than bad for * all * its members . 
   `` serbians '' or correctly `` serbs '' refers to citizens of serbia . 
  * serbians * refers to citizens of serbia whereas * serbs * refers to the etnhic group . 
  has it ever occured to you that many players who play or played for dinamo play for the nt because they are ... well , * good players * ? 
  not everything is about mami\u0107 ( many things are , but not so much in the national team ) . 
  club football ca n't even be compared , we are miles behind . 
  historically speaking , they are better , although they have never beat us . 
  i was commenting about the present state of the two national teams and i believe croatian is better . 
   you italians are better in football . 
  eh , i do n't think they are . 
  ctrl + f `` croatia '' * nothing * :( anyway , here 's my contribution : serbs , you are great at humour and know how to party . 
  [ i beg your pardon ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=aoatz8xwm0w ), 
  i really like listening to anthems , but this one is just boring . 
   turnout is said to be lower than usual despite the extra security , which some officials have attributed to rainy weather . 
  that must be it . 
  edit : apparently that really is it . 
  we eat [ krafne ] ( http://imgur.com/tsykpfo ) , they can be filled with chocolate or jam . 
  it 's not really a tradition tied to this thursday specifically though , but rather the whole pre-lent period . 
  it 's balanced by the cost of beer . 
  i really recommend visiting this city , it 's very beautiful . 
  in fact , the whole country is stunning . 
  i was travelling trough slovenia by train a couple of times and it 's realy full of picturesque sights . 
  come on man , italy is not that bad ... 
  congrats deutschland , well deserved !, 
  almost nobody expected them to even go to the semi finals ( me included ) , but they won the entire thing . 
  truly remarkable . 
  it 's really a great sport . 
  very fun to watch . 
  also not illegal . 
  i 'm actually a catholic serb, 
  yup , only a croatian . 
  nobody else . 
  yup . 
  i like it , but i prefered polandball when it was much smaller and the focus was n't on the artwork , but on the jokes . 
  also , they banned me from / r/polandballtalk and i 'll never forgive them that !, 
  it was better when the artwork was shit . . 
  we should make / r/slovenianjokes !, 
  not in croatia it does n't , 
  we have slightly more territory so we feel the need to make fun of them . 
  it 's probably a croatian , we have many jokes about slovenia being small . 
  here are some of them : q : why is every slovenian football match international ? 
  a : because they take corner kicks in neighbouring countries . 
  q : why did slovenia enter the eu ? 
  a : austria needed more parking space . 
  q : how do slovenians measure car acceleration ? 
  a : from 0 to border !, 
  q : why are n't there any disco clubs in ljubljana ? 
  a : austrians complained they were too loud . 
  q : why do slovens play accordion vertically ? 
  a : because if they played it horizontally , they would need passport . 
  slovenia 's sea is so big you can catch all the fish with a ping-pong net . 
   will the european christians stay away from politics ? 
  no , and there 's no reason why they should . 
  are your parents legal migrants ? 
  because that makes a huge difference . 
  yet you 're the only one using emojis . 
  honestly , no , i have n't been following them . 
  i should check them out . 
  i find it incredibly boring tbh , and i 'm not saying that becuase our team kinda sucks in the last couple of years . 
  will do !,
