  where is safari ? 
  it 's literally hitler . 
  ie10 is pretty good or so i 've heard . 
  their language :p, 
  i was once in mostar during summer , never again . 
  it felt like i was in hell , i think it was about 40 \u00b0 c. 
  i could n't even enjoy my \u0107evapi because it was so hot . 
   in herezegovina ( ... ) it rarely snows during winter hm , i 'm not so sure . 
  i do n't know what do you consider herzegovina ( i know there 's no real border ) , but winters are pretty cold and snowy in northern herzegovina/southern bosnia ( tomislavgrad and surroundings ) . 
  itt : people complaining about racism, 
   obvious racism being upvoted . 
  can you please give me an example ? 
  [ ramsko jezero ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ejjbm2w.jpg ) is the most beautiful artificial lake i 've ever seen . 
  best \u0161ljivovica is made there . 
   [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m12t6yi.jpg ) it is during winter . 
  how did you like it ? 
  yup . 
  that 's not possible :p, 
  yeah but i think that france , sweden and romania are still better than iceland . 
  and they were in the same group as spain . 
  i know , i watched the game . 
  we played terribly . 
  that 's why i hope we will play against iceland . 
  sweden and france would probably kick us out if we continue to play like this . 
  on the ( somewhat ) bright side , our coach \u0160timac said yesterday after the game that he will resign , today at noon press conference will be held , so i 'm waiting to see what will happen ... 
  you ca n't play against them , your possible opponents are ukraine , portugal , greece and croatia . 
  please draw iceland please draw iceland, 
  i like its history and language and it seems like a nice place to live in , although i have to admit i have never been there . 
  ctrl+f croatia nothing found it 's ok , we do n't want any of you anyway . 
  railroads are in terrible condition pretty much in every ex-yu country . 
  do n't know about slovenia though . 
   waterball i 'm calling it like that from now on . 
  - they have reputation for being lazy , i do n't know if that 's true - they recently added two new letters to their alphabet because why not - they kinda helped serbs in bombing dubrovnik in 1991/1992 : / - they kick ass in waterpolo , but i still believe we 're better than them !, 
  lithuania uber alles, 
  yup, 
   the belgian footyballers dun good ugh, 
  i 'll provide my own * woosh * . 
  yeah dubrovnik did n't want to border venice teritory so they gave a part of the land to turks . 
  and that 's why we are in pieces !, 
  wow , great goal !, 
  that kid is going to be famous . 
  you heard it here first !, 
  that 's not a muslim name . 
  oh do n't mention it , i 'm getting downvoted on / r/soccer for saying that they did n't deserve two goals . 
  i 'll just mention some things : - many croatians from bih emigrated to croatia , mainly to zagreb , before , during and after the war - everything is so cheap - their national football team mostly consists of bosniaks , and they 'll probably directly qualify for wc 2014, 
  zlatan also has croatian ancestry , dammit !, 
  so many vowels \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  same here with italian . 
  i still smoke . 
  it 's 50 % now . 
  * in some european countries, 
  you 're germany ? 
  do an ama !, 
  you and me bro , we both know nothing about cyprus . 
  * sigh *, 
  i wonder if it 's francesco in italy because of the new pope . 
  ottoman conquest was stopped in hungary/croatia , so i 'd say that catholics did most of the dirty-work . 
  they were the ones who stopped islam from spreading into central europe . 
  serbia and greece were conquered , but they did contribute though . 
  fuck yeah catholicism, 
  source for that story ? 
  i like it :p, 
  close enough . 
  and yes , i agree with whatever you said . 
  btw croatian and bosnian are pretty much the same, 
  ba\u0161 to !, 
  not much . 
  capital is bratislava , they were part of austria-hungary and later checzoslovakia . 
  they were part of hungarian half of austria-hungary . 
  second biggest city is \u017dilina i think . 
  really not much , i should learn more about them , especially since they have similliar history as croatia . 
   ** he is n't even charged for anything ** . 
  they just want him in for questioning . 
  [ you 're wrong . 
  that 's your opinion . 
   whilst vaeldr is a fucking moron why ? 
  because he has different opinion than you ? 
  i did n't downvote him because i think he did n't tell the truth , i downvoted him because i think that his comment is not contributing to discussion because this topic has nothing to do with usa . 
  bosnia !, 
  i know , right ? 
  what the fuckkk haha i still have n't bought a winter jacket, 
  yeah op come to croatia you 'll love it here . 
  and spend everything here . 
  yeah bosnia is pretty cheap . 
  i mean , you can buy pack of ciggarets for 4km ( $ 3 ) . 
  yeah we were 4th for some time ... 
  so , what you 're saying is that right wing = bad ? 
  adolf ... 
  it is . 
  that barbie girl would kick my ass . 
  - they like to die here on vacation - staropramen, 
  fuck it . 
  ful ? 
  everywhere edit : thanks for the gold , 
  of course it is , imusingdaforce , of course it is . 
  and where would you put it , in dunav ? 
  why ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  which places do you plan to visit ? 
  i 'm pretty sure everything you just said is bullshit .
