  i agree that religion can sometimes have a bad influence on people , but that 's not its purpose . 
  catholic chruch , for instance , does a lot more good stuff than bad . 
  take a look at the new pope , did you lose respect for him too because he 's religious ? 
   i ca n't respect actually religious people that 's pretty stupid of you . 
  not everyone who 's religious is an ignorant bigot who wants to force their religion on everybody else . 
  those people make just a small part of any religious community . 
   i just hate the respect that religion gets on reddit . 
  ( and yes , it does get respect , especially from the politically correct americans that promote their now-idiotic tolerance towards everything . ), 
  you know , tolerance is a good thing and it 's not an american invention . 
  what the fuck is wrong with people, 
   what does russia really need a big navy for though ? 
  so they can attack cities of their enemies that are on the coast !, 
  * sigh * this time we 'll be with allies ... sorry germany but you suck at world wars . 
  figure skating, 
  a german with a funny joke ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  haha nope , i 'm with you . 
  ignore viking , he just wants to turn every topic into discussion about gay rights ... 
  have you ever been in bosnia ? 
  fucking lizards ... 
  muslims from kosovo have pretty much nothing in common with muslims in sweden or uk . 
  they 've lived in kosovo for several centuries while muslims in northern europe are mainly immigrants who came there in the last twenty or so years . 
  problem in kosovo is not islam , it 's xenophobia and hatred towards serbs ( and kosovars ) . 
  religion is just a tool used by extreme nationalists . 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  we learn about everything that has something to do with croatia , and since we have been under their control for 400 years , that 's a lot of stuff . 
  kosovo is an independent country , it 's not * serbian * . 
  i heard that afan lido brought some good young players this summer . 
  no pyro no party, 
   the spaniards do n't have any option could n't they just turn off the tv ? 
  all three of them !, 
  lol wales edit : it makes sense actually , since two best welsh football clubs , cardiff and swansea , play in the english football league, 
  huh , that 's weird . 
  i thought turks were proud of ottoman empire since it was one of the strongest in its prime . 
  edit : funny how his comment was on top and now it 's on the bottom, 
  and cyrillic script , of course . 
  yes , they are . 
  how are those two things even related ? 
  jeez , people here really love to bash the us . 
   shithole lol, 
  i think he was joking ... 
  beautiful , is n't it ? 
  i heard that bodyguards in monaco have bodyguards . 
  who would invade switzerland ? 
  even hitler did n't do that ... 
  i promised myself to never say burek sa sirom , but what can i do when i 'm surrounded by morons ?!, 
  i once went to the bakery and asked for sirnica and bakery woman looked at me like i was speaking chinese . 
  and she works in fucking bakery !, 
  hey we are not the same dick as you, 
  i was stupid enough to pick italian over german : /, 
   i would n't get into a discussion with an anarcho-capitalist on the benefits of universal healthcare , because we have completely opposing paradigms . 
  so , you only want to get into discussions with people that have same views as you ? 
  you wo n't get anything valuable out of these `` discussions '' . 
  when you label someone as `` nationalist '' , you dismiss the posibility that they can contribute to the discussion because of some comments they left on this site who knows when . 
  if you want to tag people like that , feel free to do it , but i think it 's stupid . 
  why do you have them tagged ? 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
   no eurovision this year croatia and serbia wo n't participate in the next eurovison either . 
  and that seems logical . 
  good . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  if they criminalise abortion , that will * literally * destroy their country . 
  zagreb is very friendly . 
   getting hammered every weekend what 's the problem with that ? 
  why wouldnt it be ok ? 
  how is it not an important position ? 
  this, 
  examples : vrt ( garden ) , crv ( worm ) , prst ( finger ) . 
  what 's good about this ? 
  this, 
  / r/notinteresting, 
  i agree with pretty much everything , just one small correction :  island of krk ( the largest island , and also the only one you do n't need a ferry to get to ) island of pag is also accessible by bridge , krk is n't the only one . 
  \u0160ibenik * there 's no * y * in croatian alphabet . 
  17 points and 0 comments people from kaliningrad are really shy . 
  no kulen there huh ? 
  i want to say zagreb because i live here but to be honest it 's not really a tourist attraction . 
  budapest and wien are nicer and more interesting in my opinion . 
  about other places ... vara\u017edin is a beautiful baroque town in the northern croatia and vukovar is an extremly interesting city that is on danube ( on border with serbia ) , those two cities are worth visiting . 
  on the coast there are big cities that are popular with tourists like dubrovnik , pula , zadar and split but there are also many small old towns that are very nice like nin or cavtat . 
  and if you want to party , zr\u0107e beach on island pag is awesome !, 
  but it will be ... * soon *, 
   i would pay all the money i have to see putin killed . 
  i think this is illegal lol, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's illegal, 
  you ca n't hide . 
  gay marriage and use of cyrillic script in places with a serb minority . 
  yay croatia !, 
   i hope your country will forever be poor and dirty what ? 
  are you serious ? 
   if the question was `` do you think we should forbid gays to get married , not just by law but by constitution '' they would n't get needed amount of signatures , at least not so easy . 
  yes , they would . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  hey !, 
  how dare you express an unpopular opinion here ? 
  ** croatia ** - referendum - referendum - referendum but , seriously , that 's all people talk about . 
  yup . 
  young generations are pretty conservative too . 
  i want georgia :3, 
  [ he has to eat a shoe . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/1dwb1e/dota_2_international_interactive_compendium/c9ujg2k ) he is a disgrace for croatia .
