  exactly . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who found this funny . 
  learn to take a joke ffs . 
  `` paris '', 
  so when there 's a day of mourning in one eu country , it should be in all the other 27 countries too ? 
  but croatia 's population is drastically decreasing . 
  what population issue ? 
  you 're wrong , catholic church is very influental . 
  they collected enough signatures for a referendum to be held , but the croatian constitutional court still needs to decide if the question of the referendum is unconstitutional . 
  there will probably be no referendum because the question in it is against the constitution . 
  there were no referendums about alphabet ... 
  there will not be such referendum , mirko . 
  haha i agree with you , i was just making a stupid joke . 
  and he was a pal with thomas more . 
  yes , erasmus is the only thing stopping us from another world war . 
  but seriously , bugojno is a shithole . 
  whenever i drive through that area i can smell cabbage even though i 'm in a car with closed windows , disgusting . 
  i also know one girl who is from bugojno and she is pretty ugly . 
  lol good one, 
  so are you against jailing people for crimes ? 
  his flair says greece though, 
  no i 'm saying you sound so smart, 
  you sound so smart with your sarcasm, 
  mate do n't joke on this sub , people do n't like that, 
  this map for some reason shows pre-1917 russia . 
  i have n't found a subreddit that would be a good replacement for / r/worldnews . 
  that 's why i , even though it 's rubbish , still visit it . 
  - moderation is terrible - comments are usually very childish and/or ignorant about the topic they `` discuss '' - unimportant stupid news often get to the top while important news about some distant country tend to have a small number of upvotes ( exceptions are * very * important stuff , like wars and natural disasters , they are covered pretty well ) - people tend to upvote things they agree with and downvote things they do n't agree with ( this is not just a problem on / r/worldnews , but it 's pretty obvious there ) which leads to an enviroment where debates are impossible these are just some things . 
  oh i know and i completely agree with you . 
  some people here prefer to be part of a subreddit that 's an echo chamber rather than of a subreddit where there are different people with different opinions because in that case you would have to think with your own head and that 's not something we want to do , right ? 
  i 'm not saying that / r/worldnews is a good subreddit , it is a shithole . 
  but not because of the reasons op listed here . 
  * but whatever i do n't like is obviously propaganda *, 
  so we should only comments on posts that we like ? 
  he did n't say * all serbs are to blame * , he said * the serbs are to blame * . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  i think that 's a bit far-fetched . 
  russia was in a transitional phase and the last thing they wanted at the time was a conflict between them and the west . 
  nobody wanted the war to expand beyond ex-yugoslavian borders , not even serbia . 
  i honestly do n't see how could conflicts in former yugoslavia expand beyond its borders . 
   we knew what happened the previous time a conflict in the balkans got out of control this war had nothing to do with wwi , if that 's what you 're saying . 
  why, 
  lol, 
  dae european federation = awesome, 
  european championships would suck . 
    a lawyer sits behind him , looking smug . 
  \u00c1bel . 
  hern\u00e1di asks him smiling :   - \u00c1bel , tell jacek who 's the prosecutor in the case !, 
    - my wife . 
  lol, 
  i actually learned about evolution in both biology and religion classes . 
  indubitably, 
  no you did not , when we played in belgrade the stadium was full ( i guess you do n't get the chance often to see a world class team in your country ), 
  sure mate , but after watching serbia play in the world c. . . oh nevermind, 
  interesting, 
  people here loooove talking about it though . 
  same with communism . 
  so is / r/soccer, 
  yes if there are no cars, 
  how can pictures be real if ... ah fuck it, 
  everyone here knows about it . 
  but we are so special what do you think of us ?? 
  i upvoted it because fuck you all . 
   we 've been here ( as muslims ) for 550 years and never had any issues with other europeans yeah riiight :p, 
   among some of the strongest abuse claims : one person described how they attempted to tell nuns they had been molested by an ambulance driver , only to be `` stripped naked and whipped by four nuns to ` get the devil out of you ' '' . 
  [ 3 ] another described how they were removed from their bed and `` made to walk around naked with other boys whilst brothers used their canes and flicked at their penis '' . 
  [ 3 ] yet another was `` tied to a cross and raped whilst others masturbated at the side '' . 
  [ 3 ] what.the.fuck . 
   it was originally intended that abusers would be publicly named in the commission 's report . 
  however the commission was blocked from doing so by a legal challenge from the christian brothers . 
  the brothers sought and received permission to deal with abusers anonymously . 
  thus the report does not state whether all abusers were or were not members of the religious orders in charge of the schools , or whether external parties were involved . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
   quickedit : 200 years ago , there was no such thing as a * german * feeling . . you were either prussian , bavarian , franconian , etc. ... ( thats actually what the [ lied der deutschen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandlied ) was written for , to put german feeling above regional feelings ) . 
  i do n't see why this shouldnt happen in the entire eu  because a prussian has had much more in common with a franconian than a bulgarian has with a brit . 
  eu is very diverse , so diverse that i do n't see us ever becoming one country and i 'm ok with that . 
  i do n't want to sound like a hipster , but it was much better before . 
  since both subreddits became shit , i 'm ok with that . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  i find it amusing that this comment generated most discussion in this thread , and it 's also the most downvoted comment . 
  so progressive, 
  this is a great question that i would also like to see answered , it 's a shame people downvote you . 
  that 's so stupid . 
  what an insightful comment . 
  hehe, 
  if he has a dick , he 's a * he * . 
  he 's a man who chooses to be woman when he performs and we 're supposed to call him * she * then , but he 's a * he * in his normal life ? 
  i agree , however , those twins are not dicks . 
  ironically , those who booed are dicks . 
  still pathetic . 
  what . . ? 
  lol what the fuck are you talking about, 
  in croatia it is n't . 
  \u0160tokavski , \u010dakavski and kajkavski are all dialects of croatian language . 
  modern day croatian is based on \u0161tokavski dialect ( same as serbian and bosnian ) . 
  can confirm , am fluent in croatian , serbian , bosnian and montenegrin . 
   alfjslkgjdfklghldf\u00f6 dude , there 's no * \u00f6 * in croatian . 
  it 's * alfjslkgjdfklghldfo * . 
  haha love how crimea is connected to russia, 
  i ca n't believe how can you guys justify this ... if it were pro-ukranian thugs who got killed , you would be shitting all over putin and russia , but it was russians who got killed and it 's their own fault , right ?
