  you used to be awesome , remember 2004 olympics final ? 
  i 'm not familiar with rugby , but compared to football , handball is more dynamic , aggressive and faster so it 's very fun to watch . 
  if you have time , watch a game today or in the next couple of days , this is handball at its best . 
  did n't it gain some popularity after the oympics ? 
  i remember hearing then that the british liked the sport when they saw it in london . 
   did i mention that our prime-minister got exactly 0 votes in the elections that 's because elections were n't for pm ( we do n't have those , you know ) , but for the representatives in the parliament . 
  i 'm perfectly ok with him not being in the parliament , he 's better candidate than anyone in the parliament ( milanovi\u0107 , karamarko or petrov ) . 
  i laughed . 
  these are fucking terrifying . 
  why not ? 
  learning just the history of your own country is stupid . 
  u wot, 
  there are over 1000 islands in croatia , just pick one . 
  do n't forget jagoda ( strawberry ) . 
  nope . 
  ehf is not a polish organization . 
  there should be no place for politics in competitions like these . 
  yeah but wales is an exception , names of countries are usually translated . 
  yup . 
  the sheep tend to be feminine , though . 
  forgot to mention that uk is not masculine either , it 's of neutral gender . 
  actually it 's the only way to respond to them in balkans . 
  nice map , although it would be more interestinng if you couloured those ending in - ija differently from those ending in - ska / - \u0161ka / - \u010dka . 
  but england and scotland are feminine , 
  in croatian it 's wales , in serbian it 's vels i suppose . 
  by `` well '' i mean doing that while not putting the country or its population in any danger . 
  we had no other option . 
  they did n't lose them because of migrant crisis . 
  croatian government ( that will be replaced probably this month ) is left-leaning social-democratic government and they 've been handling the crisis well . 
  not perfect , but considering the restrictions , the pressure and novelty of the situation , they did a good job . 
  are any more reputable finnish sources reporting this ? 
  is this for real ? 
  wtf, 
  oh , ok then , my bad . 
  honestly , i would put everything light-blue to be green . 
  it 's ridiculous kaliningrad is not cosidered fully european . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that one guy swimming with fish is in croatian sea . 
  great , now i wan na play cities : skylines , and my computer is shit, 
  where do you find the people that want to live there though ? 
  it 's ve\u0107eslav holjevac , a famous mayor of zagreb who started city 's expansion across sava river thus creating novi zagreb ( new zagreb ) . 
   it melts within a day or so since it 's never freezing temperatures on the ground . 
  sometimes it does melt that early , but most of the times it stays on the ground for some time . 
  not at all , we get snow in croatia pretty much every winter . 
  croatia is a quite diverse country for its size , we have mediterranean ( dalmatia and istria ) , continental ( slavonia , most of croatia `` proper '' ) and even some mountain climate ( lika and gorski kotar ) . 
  zagreb is in the continental part of the country . 
  that [ statue ] ( http://imgur.com/radvdj6 ) is called * genij prosvjete * ( education genius ) . 
  i did n't take any of these pics . 
  i was walking last night around 2am around the zagreb centre while the streets were empty and it was snowing . 
  it was really beautiful so i searched for the photos from yesterday and today so i could make an imgur album and share it with fellow redditors !, 
  my fault . 
  it 's a nice picture though , 
  yup , i think all of the photos are from yesterday and today . 
  this is the first snow this winter in zagreb , and it 's still snowing . 
  we have torrio rs 1 : hr 1, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2syoyx/number_of_local_subreddit_subscribers_per_ten/ apparently 27 % of them are subscribed to / r/iceland . 
  or they 're just more social people who do n't spend their saturday evenings on reddit , 
  / r/croatia almost four times bigger than / r/serbia , fuck yeah, 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  it 's sad how many people have n't even heard of the massacre in beslan , the deadliest terrorist attack that ever happened in europe . 
  croatia wins the euro, 
  saving this, 
  keep your ignorance to yourself . 
  nikoli\u0107 's quote is about both :  `` montenegro has opted for ** membership in eu and nato ** , but also for open conflicts and misunderstandings with everyone with whom these organizations are in conflict - that is , for membership without identity and autonomy , '' i 'm just pointing out the hipocrisy . 
  two weeks ago : [ serbia opening first chapters in eu membership negotiations ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=12&amp;dd=14&amp;nav_id=96353 ), 
  is it a protestant thing ? 
  why is christmas on cristmas eve in nordics ? 
  yes . 
  i was never against most entering a coalition with hdz , it 's all pretty much the same to me ( hdz and sdp ) . 
  i do n't like the way they 've done it , it felt rushed , but maybe it was justified because otherwise kolinda would 've set the date for new elections so they had to pick someone . 
  i 'm not very optimistic regarding our new pm , but let 's give all this some time before we judge . 
  let 's not forget that most did an enormous thing , unprecedented even in croatian politics , by not letting neither karamarko or milanovi\u0107 be pm . 
  i voted for most and do n't feel betrayed at all . 
  he 's right though , milanovi\u0107 is talking nonsense , nothing violates democratic rules here . 
  even kosor was better than him . 
  zoki is butthurt and a sore loser . 
  just accept that you lost and focus on being a good oposition for the next four years instead of talking bullshit . 
  i do n't think even people responsible for what is happening can explain it . 
  it 's a political circus that ended today . 
  or started . 
  yup , and a vast majority of croatians have n't even heard of ore\u0161kovi\u0107 before . 
  i 'll save my judgment for some time , we should give him a chance . 
  i 'm not very optimistic though . 
  he has zero political experience and his mother tounge is english and he struggles a bit with croatian . 
  he 's obviously a very competent man but i 'm not sure if he 's the right man for this position . 
  this is all i could find on that topic in the croatian law ( family law , article 31 ) :  ( 2 ) marriage partners have to be faithful to each other , help and respect each other and keep up harmonious marital and family relations . 
   ( 3 ) marriage partners together decide about child-bearing and rasing children and doing work in their family community . 
  we put a sentence * marriage is a union between a man and a woman * in the constitution . 
  nice summary , mods should sticky this . 
  similar thing happened in croatia , uskok was created ( bureau for fighting corruption and organized crime ) and they were responsible for the arrest of former croatian pm ivo sanader . 
  we still have a long way to go , though . 
  a fact many people on this subreddit are n't aware of ... 
  it was n't their fault , it was ours :p and you got your revenge against us ... 
  we were better off in austria-hungary than in yugoslavia . 
  we do n't have those in croatia , we find them unappealing . 
  according to him , he has a tumor and has had 17 operations on his stomach in the last 15 years so he ca n't wear a belt . 
  you 're replying to the man that boasted in the thread about the fall of vukovar about the successes ( ? ), 
  of the jna . 
  the title is factually correct though , is n't it ? 
  you do n't understand it , then . 
  bosnians are all people from bosnia , including serbs and croats .
