  croatia - canada of eu, 
  croatian version is owned by styria - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/styria_media_group, 
  croatia : 24 sata ( 24 hours ) i think they are owned by some austrian company . 
  link is broken, 
  woah norway calm down :p, 
  but you have zlatan . 
  nice people , lots of mountains , suck at football , rich history , center of culture . 
  scotland beat us, 
  i agree . 
  it 's because no one cares . 
  edit : downvote all you want , but the fact is that most croatians do n't give a shit about gay prides . 
  i know , i live here . 
  genius . 
  what economy ? 
  yeah we 'll do that . 
  now give us money . 
  oh ... those are some large cookies . 
  that looks like cookies . 
  euro 2008, 
  the fact that that 's true for some other countries does n't make it any less true for croatia . 
  haha that 's literally the worst piece of music i 've ever heard . 
  ( pst , it 's serbian , not croatian ) , 
  why not ? 
  it was actually written by american living in croatia . 
  but ... we want slowly ... 
  nice flag . 
  i mean , really nice flag . 
  what the fuck . 
  are there many women wearing burkas in the street ? 
  where did i discriminate gays ? 
  and what makes you think that croatia is in dark ages ? 
  why am i `` a gay basher '' ? 
  no it 's not . 
  why are you guys here so close minded ? 
  do n't ask . 
  borussia , because i put some money on them . 
  you can come to croatia too !, 
  best player ever !, 
  of course , a french posted this . 
  but still , he 's not being offensive . 
  so you 're saying that children that wo n't be adopted will be dropped on the street ... 
  people do n't downvote him simply because you do n't agree with him ... 
  yeah . 
  if there were more black or brown people here in croatia we would probably be more racist . 
  fucking greece . 
  that 's not bacon , that 's pr\u0161ut !, 
  and to answer your question , nobody knows why . 
  this is true . 
  i 'm actually going to cofee right now !, 
  me too . 
  i 'm okay with it . 
  wtf , i 'm from malta !, 
  yeah but i 'd rather have expensive diploma that is worth the money it was payed for then cheap diploma that nobody gives a shit about . 
  it 's a shame though , university of zagreb is pretty good . 
  was . 
  you mean yugoslavia ? 
  thankfully i do n't visit that site anymore . 
  i think he 's speaking for bosnia and herzegovina . 
  i would n't call / u/silence _ hr a '' known anti-serb nationalist '' . 
   gen. leonid ivashov believes that the full participation of serbia in odkb is `` very probably to be expected , that it will help the country to strengthen its position in the balkans , and in solving the problem of kosovo . '' how will it help solving the problem of kosovo ? 
  * nobody ... that 's the plan *, 
  was n't he ... * croatian * ? 
  we speak russian . 
  russia can not into eastern europe . 
  but what 's the point of fishing then ? 
  scaring the fish ? 
  he is a dick now , sadly . 
  he was serbian from croatia . 
  do n't bitch about downvotes . 
  oh god that was awesome hahahahaha, 
  pipl mast trast as !, 
  yup , but that 's short e unlike serbian long e. 
  of course we can mostly understand each other , but that does n't mean it 's the same language . 
  i always hated hungarian , but after reading your comment , i like it . 
  pronuncination of jat . 
  in croatia it is `` ije '' , in serbia it is `` e '' . 
  wow , thanks for this answer . 
  i thought persian was `` dead '' language like latin , now i know that 's not true . 
  you seem to know much about this , 
  where is persian spoken ? 
  actually those are two different languages , very similiar , but there are some major differences . 
  yes i meant that . 
  russian is my favourite also , it sounds so classy , 
  same in croatia . 
  seriously ? 
  i did n't know there are so many people with surname ` horvat ' ( croat ) in hungary . 
  in serbia , both latin and cyrillic alphabets are official . 
  all serbs can read latin alphabet , especially those who live in croatia . 
  why change anything ? 
  but the thing is , times are not good in croatia . 
  times are awful . 
  just make sure you bring euros with you . 
  a lot of young people are leaving the country . 
  i 'm not sexist , but i prefer strawberry . 
  best players in the world are still white . 
  what about `` i 'm not racist , but this pudding is really good ! '', 
  that does n't even look like europe !, 
  oh god what is that, 
  i think this is stupid . 
  yay for kubica !,
