  who is `` we '' ? 
  i 'm a christian so i wo n't , you can if you want . 
  well , the majority of europeans are still christians . 
  is only joke , sretan uskrs !, 
  what kind of arbitration is that when one side does n't support it ? 
  it 's null and void . 
  arbitration agreement is not valid since the croatian parliament ( unanimously ) voted so because slovenia breached the agreement . 
  hahah do n't feel sorry for me , my childhood was awesome and parents great . 
  the spankings were not violent or frequent or anything like that , it was actually better than getting yelled at as far as i remember . 
  leviticus is mostly irrelevant to christianity . 
  til my parents broke the law, 
  offical slovene sources reported that there is simply not enough space in their country so for every car that wants to enter one must leave to austria or italy . 
  sad . 
   but hey what do i know exactly haha . 
  because we use english here . 
  because of the diving or because of the home fans ' tears ? 
  so what you 're saying is i should bet on monaco ? 
  you are missing the point . 
  there are countless threads on reddit about trump at any given moment , but this is not one of them . 
  not really comparable ; trump 's win was fair and square . 
  if anything , the media was overwhelmingly against him unlike vu\u010di\u0107 who controls major serbian media outlets . 
   the post-electoral week started off with 30.000 people in the streets of belgrade , and thousands of protesters in novi sad , kragujevac and other major cities across serbia . 
  their message is clear -- we do not accept the election results , because the elections themselves were illegitimate . 
  most media outlets either ignored these events , or branded protesters ' as `` vandals , hooligans , drug addicts and drunk youth '' . 
  it seems like a sad deja vu of famous students ' protests that spanned through the cold winter from november 1996 . to february 1997 . when similar disappointment in rigged election process drew tens of thousands of citizens and students to the streets . 
  but the saddest difference is that in the 1990s , the world looked at these young people in awe . 
  in 2017 , they stand alone , while their autocrat is hailed by western leaders for democracy , progress and stability he brings to the balkans . 
  it will be 28 in july . 
  where would you put another star ? 
  first that internet explorer thing and now this . 
  way to go uk . 
  says ultimate_badass . 
  you obviously know nothing about history of croatia . 
  if it is a fact , why nobody proved it ? 
  that is bullshit . 
  you can not prove it because it is not true . 
  the only purpose of operation oluja was to liberate occupied land . 
  no need for sarcasm . 
  they saved many lives with what they did in 1995 . 
  they banished aggressors from our country . 
  they are peacemakers , therefore they are heroes . 
  yes , they are . 
  i do n't know are you from this part of europe , but you should know that military operation oluja ( storm ) freed 30 % of croatian teritory in just few days . 
  general gotovina was in charge . 
  war would probably last for more months or even years if oluja was n't conducted . 
  so do n't tell me they are n't heroes because they are . 
  actually , he is probably going to be in croatian prison . 
  what the fuck uk ? 
  and i have read many norwegian responses . 
  znamo , ne brini . 
  well , this is not the case in croatia . 
  or serbia . 
  or bosnia and herz ... damn , are we even in europe ? 
  croatia is set to become the 28th member state of the european union on 1 july 2013 . 
  croatia applied for eu membership in 2003 , there were several issues in negotiation process like icty cooperation , border disagreements and land ownership . 
  croatian economy is n't very good , but it 's still better than bulgarian or romanian . 
  it 's almost been 10 years since croatia started its european journey , do you think croatia is ready for european union ? 
  main square in zagreb after the verdict http://i.imgur.com/nua7w.jpg gotovina after the verdict - priceless http://i.imgur.com/dpgz8.png, 
  or least favourite ? 
  beside your mother language *, 
  it does n't have to be the one you like , just that one that 's popular . 
  let 's hear some european music !, 
  i thought we could use a distraction from usual politics and news on this sub , so here 's a light topic for a sunday afternoon . 
  which countries do you guys like ? 
  and why ? 
  for instance , in zagreb there 's british square , prague street , roosevelt 's square ... 
  how are you going to spend it ? 
  to make it more interesting , try to avoid athletes . 
  no cheating !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vukovar  in august , the jna launched a full-scale attack against croatian-held territory in eastern slavonia , including vukovar . 
  vukovar was defended by around 1,800 lightly armed soldiers of the croatian national guard ( zng ) and civilian volunteers , against 36,000 jna soldiers and serb paramilitaries equipped with heavy armour and artillery . 
  during the battle , shells and rockets were fired into the town at a rate of up to 12,000 a day . 
  [ 7 ] at the time , it was the fiercest and most protracted battle seen in europe since 1945 , and vukovar was the first major european town to be entirely destroyed since the second world war . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] when vukovar fell on 18 november 1991 , several hundred soldiers and civilians were massacred by serb forces and at least 31,000 civilians were expelled from the town and its surroundings . 
  [ 10 ] [ 11 ] most of vukovar was ethnically cleansed of its non-serb population and became part of the self-declared republic of serbian krajina . 
   around 400 people in vukovar 's hospital -- non-serb patients , medical personnel , local political figures and others who had taken refuge there -- were taken from the hospital by the jna . 
  although some were subsequently released , around 200 were taken to a nearby ov\u010dara camp and were executed in what became known as the vukovar massacre . 
  [ a couple of photos of vukovar in ' 91 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/m8ej9 ) this is one of the saddest days for every croatian , the day we [ remember ] ( http://www.jutarnji.hr/sjecanje-na-zrtve-vukovara-u-zagrebu/1459734/ ) brave men and women from vukovar and its surrounding places who gave their lives for independent and sovereign republic of croatia . 
  zalig kerstfeest !, 
  god jul !, 
  how are you going to spend this day ? 
  as you may or may not know , the european handball championship is currently taking place in poland . 
  two really great matches will be played today ; poland vs norway , and one of the biggest handball rivalries , croatia vs france . 
  so i 'm interested , how popular is handball in your country ? 
  i know it 's very popular in scandinavia and germany ( they have the best league but their national team sucks ) , but what about other countries ? 
  edit : if you 're interested , head over to / r/handball !, 
  how are you going to spend this day ? 
  http://edl.ecml.at we used to have * melting pot fridays * on this subreddit a while ago and people generally liked those threads , but for some reason mods decided to stop posting them . 
  let 's make our own then , comment on your mother tounge !, 
  on this day 25 years ago , croatian parliament unamimously terminated the link between republic of croatia and sfr yugoslavia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independence_day_ ( croatia )  the croatian referendum on independence was held in may 1991 , with 93 % of voters supporting the independence . 
  [ 1 ] on 25 june the croatian parliament ( croatian : sabor ) proclaimed the croatian independence . 
  [ 2 ] seven days later , on 7 july , croatia as well as slovenia signed the brioni declaration in which the two countries agreed to suspend all declarations and acts passed by the croatian and slovenian parliaments related to those states ' secession from yugoslavia for a period of three months . 
  [ 3 ] during that time the croatian war of independence started . 
   on 8 october , the sabor decided to end relations with yugoslavia , [ 4 ] in the decision on the termination of the state and legal ties with other republics and provinces of yugoslavia . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] that session was not held in the house of parliament but instead in the basement of an ina building , because of the possibility of the repeat of an incident such as the bombing of banski dvori . 
  this is one of those years in which both the orthodox and normal ( ) easter are on the same sunday !, 
  have a happy one !, 
  hello / r/europe and / r/newsokur !, 
  today , i would like us to welcome our japanese friends who have kindly agreed to participate in the cultural exchange . 
  in my mind , japanese unique identity and history is what makes this exchange so interesting for us , europeans ; i believe this cultural exchange should be interesting for our japanese friends for the same reasons as well .
