   i want less people distinguishing themselfs by their place of residence or birth within the eu . 
  both should not matter within the eu . 
  maybe to you . 
  i primarly identify myself as a croat and then as a citizen of the eu . 
  i 'm sure there are others like me here . 
  that does n't make me a nationalist , contrary to your view . 
  i get it that you ask about turks , but who does n't consider brits or russians european ? 
  `` i think it was a mistake to allow people to have different flairs than me . 
  i wish more people were like me . '', 
  that 's how you sound . 
  a very important part ... 
  but russia isnt europe !, 
  like paying taxes ? 
  serbs did nothing wrong, 
  probably bosnia and herzegovina , i have many relatives over there so accomodation should n't be a problem . 
  that 's probably also true for every european country . 
  in croatia it 's two kisses , one on each cheek . 
  i 've never greeted friends with kisses though , only relatives . 
  to you, 
  lika was n't in the hre . 
  additionaly , tesla was born in 1856 and the hre was dismantled in 1806 . 
  you 're a bit dense , are n't you ? 
  * i 'm in . 
  let 's make this story that has absolutely nothing to do with uk about ukip . 
  i personally would n't because finding new players , interacting with them and investing in them is a major part of the game ( and football in real life ) and it just would n't be the same with fake players . 
  i heard that a lot of people started following football in real life because of fm ( many of them on / r/soccer ) . 
  it 's incredibly addictive and fun and i had to stop playing it because i spent too much time on it ... brb downloading fm15, 
  / r/europics, 
  crnaruka is that you ? 
  it 's actually really popular in croatia and pretty much everyone knows the words . 
  oh shit , thanks for warning us . 
  i better go to switzerland asap . 
  good luck everyone . 
  european union and europe are not the same thing , they are two different things . 
  europe is primarily a geographical term , while eu is a political one . 
  technically , it is n't, 
  you are aware that borders exist on the sea too , right ? 
  usa ? 
  game of thrones . 
  also , unemployment . 
   do you live under a rock or something ? 
  he does , look at his flair :p, 
  not really . 
  magyarization of croatia in the 19th century was n't really nice . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_hungary you 're right , apparently roma make 3,6 % of the population and romanians only 0,3 % . 
  source ? 
  i 'd guess it 's because they are n't the second biggest nationality anywhere . 
  you most definitely could . 
  that 's cute, 
  i got `` za\u0161to je albanija stvorena '' - * why was albania created ? '', 
  totally uncomparable situations , hungary 's borders are pretty much entirely across plains while greece has some islands right next to the turkish coast . 
  we should all chip in and help them . 
  they did it !, 
  never been so pumped for a chelsea match in my life, 
  it 's probably a phase , you 'll grow out of it by the time you turn 18 . 
  i do n't think that one 's stance on one hot topic like immigration is enough to determine if the person is left or right-wing . 
  anti-immigration or anti illegal immigration ? 
  either way , that 's not really * far to the right * as you said . 
   most of this sub is pretty far to the right bollocks . 
  yay !, 
  thanks , that 's fucked up . 
  go back to youtube . 
  how is it possible that president of rik is a member of * any * party ? 
  should n't it be an independent committee ? 
  do you think that today 's bosniaks get to claim the medieval bosnian state only to themselves , as they often do , but bosnian serbs and croats do n't get to do that ? 
  these are some good points but i was only commenting on the fact that this map should include both croats and serbs since at that point , croatian and serbian identity were separate . 
  i 'm not a historian so i do n't know at what point we stopped being one people but in year 900 we certainly were n't one people since we had separate states . 
  i know that at that time people did n't really identify based on their nationality , but prince trpimir , the founder of the trpimirovi\u0107 dinasty , called himself * dux croatorum * and his country * regnum croatorum * . 
  also , duchy of croatia was formally recognized by the pope in 879 and this map completely ignores that . 
  that 's not true but even if it were , it would still be false to label us all as serbs . 
  duchy of croatia and principality of serbia were separate states . 
  croatia and serbia never shared a country until yugoslavia . 
  why no croats ? 
  we should make / r/europepolitics great !, 
  yes but over a long period of time . 
  integration should n't be forced . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  why do french people hate christmas ? 
  fiba is n't asking the countries to stop the clubs from playing in euroleague , they are asking them to stop them from playing in eurocup which is a tier below the euroleague . 
  they do n't have any problems with euroleague , at least not for now ... 
  that town is also famous for its awesome barbecue !, 
  well then most of them are idiots . 
  do n't equate antifascism with communism . 
  i 'm an anti-fascist but also anti-communist at the same time . 
  fuck both those systems . 
  serbia should n't have jurisdiciton over crimes commited on croatian territory , simple as that . 
  which is more fault of the individual countries rather than the whole eu . 
  why do you think croatia does n't have any say in this ? 
  you do understand that all countries need to approve letting serbia in eu and the current croatian government is central-right so they wo n't be afraid to use some leverage to stop serbia . 
  of course , we do n't have the same leverage the big countries have , but if slovenia could block us for more than a year , i do n't see why we ca n't do the same . 
  i do n't want that , though . 
  i want you to change this law so we can all move forward . 
  not bad . 
  sure , we have many problems , but they are n't caused by eu . 
  the problem with eu is that people blame it for everything bad but do n't praise it for anything good it brought . 
  so being in an economic union which will bring you no customs and much bigger freedom of movement among other things has nothing to do with it ? 
  it 's all evil americans ' fault ? 
  you should want it , no point in being isolated from everyone . 
  serbia in the eu is in everyone 's interest . 
  that being said , i completely agree with this move .
