  lol, 
  thankfully we 've avoided another pointless referendum . 
  they 'll probably send those icebreakers down to the black sea so they could bomb ukraine . 
  nuclear plant in kr\u0161ko , slovenia is owned by both slovenia and croatia . 
  both of the countries get 50 % of the electrical power produced there . 
  according to wikipedia , kr\u0161ko nuclear plant provides 16 % of croatian electrical power so croatia should be coloured green on this map . 
  not gon na lie , i would love to have that shirt, 
  you did n't mention any of the natural wonders of croatia . 
  russia is a european country so ... 
  do n't worry , i 'm staying here . 
  prepare for war . 
   steiermark and klagenfurt you surely mean \u0160tajerska and celovec , no ? 
  only two ? 
  what about france , germany , malta ? 
  favourite : depends on who you ask , for me it 's bosnia but some would probably say hungary or slovenia least favourite : serbia, 
  you too !, 
  i was just making a joke about croatia 's slow internet but thanks anyway . 
  get off your high horse man . 
  / r/romaniaporn is sadly not what i expected, 
  indeed very interesting fast food . 
  sometimes i like go to mcdonald 's and just stare at those cheesburgers mmm . 
   croatia ; looks like a normal house our politicians are very modest , that house is all we need . 
  uk , not england . 
  see , this is why the scots want to leave ... 
  can somebody please tell me what does the picture say , i ca n't load it for some reason . 
  people born in 1999 are now either 14 or 15 . 
  not 16 . 
   also , most 16-year olds are now born in ... 1999 1998, 
  lol, 
  it 's terrible . 
   go to unique nature sites like you 'd see on r/earthporn , and party at night come to croatia !, 
  we 've got pretty much everything , it 's not very expensive here and we recently entered the eu so there 's that . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  everything russian * sucks * . 
  wtf, 
  do n't expect any different from a guy whose flair says `` great serbia '' . 
  deep man, 
   weird how they ca n't abide to their own repeated riddle of : `` the extremist minority ruins it for the majority of good muslims . '', 
  those who are rioting in france are not the kind of muslims who would say such things because they * are * the extremist minority . 
  from a military point of view , this is one of the best military operations ever . 
  * oluja * is the largest land battle in europe since ww2 ( 640 km long frontage ) which resulted in freeing 18 % of croatian territory with only around 200 croatian casualties ( around 130 000 soldiers participated ) . 
  in ww2 ? 
  you really need a source for that ? 
  why did you change your flair to albania and are now bashing serbia ? 
  are you trying to prove something or what ? 
  it means * serbian * , and it sounds perfectly ok in serbian language . 
  tu\u0161\u00e9, 
  i agree with you on kosovo , but i do n't see why montenegro should n't be a country . 
  historically speaking , they even gained independence from the ottoman empire before serbia . 
  they have more things in common with serbs than croats or macedonians , but they were also a republic in the former yugoslavia just as croatia and macedonia so they have every right to be an independent country . 
  of course foreigners might not be aware of it , but that 's reasonable . 
  i 'm sure most of the people here do n't know about the rape of nanking or ethnic cleansing of poles in galicia in ww2 but that does n't mean those attrocities are n't aknowledged . 
  the former yugoslav republics are countries that matter in this particular example . 
  i have n't met a croatian that does n't know about ndh and what it did , and most of the people look back on it with disgust , some even with shame even though they do n't personally have anything to do with it . 
  there are also plenty of idiots that do n't see anything wrong with the genocide but every country has those peole . 
  my point is that you ca n't claim that * almost nobody * is aware of those crimes . 
  it 's not true . 
   almost nobody realizes come on , seriously ? 
  croatia would be strongly against this . 
  i think that the last croatian president mesi\u0107 said that if rep. srpska secedes from b&h , croatia would mobilize its army and we would be on a brink of another war . 
  which countries , in your opinion , are excessive ? 
   the eu would n't be such a shitfest if was just us and the nordic countries ... what, 
  does n't matter , better than serbia, 
  why is there kosovo on the map but no data about its hdi ? 
  u wot, 
  here are some about slovenia i posted on this sub a while ago : why is every slovenian football match international ? 
  because they take corner kicks in neighbouring countries . 
  why did slovenia enter the eu ? 
  austria needed more parking space . 
  how do slovenians measure car acceleration ? 
  from 0 to border !, 
  why are n't there any disco clubs in ljubljana ? 
  austrians complained they were too loud . 
  why do slovens play accordion vertically ? 
  because if they played it horizontally , they would need passport . 
  slovenia 's sea is so big you can catch all the fish with a ping-pong net . 
  should say `` in the eu , minus croatia '' . 
  it does n't . 
  thanks , it wan an interesting match . 
  i honestly expected more from aalborg considering they won both danish cup and league last season , but hey , i 'm not complaining !, 
  ** am i doing it right ? 
  i liked the one about [ croatia joining the eu ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1hdyv8/croatia_is_now_the_28th_state_member_of_european/ ) because , well , i made it . 
  \u0160ljivovica , of course . 
  i agree , it 's very stupid . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we have a version of that chant in croatia that goes `` anyone who does n't jump is an orthodox christian '' . 
  of course , it sounds much better in croatian . 
  it 's better to attack them with casus belli so you do n't take the stability hit . 
  no i want this , i almost forgot what reddit is, 
   it 's something most people do n't do ftfy, 
  do you hate russia because of its politics or is it something else you hate about them ? 
  for me it would be poland . 
  it has very interesting and rich history , its language is similar to mine and it has some very nice cities like krakow and poznan . 
  close second is germany followed by all central european countries . 
  i never visited russia but it 's definitely on top of my list of places i want to visit . 
  i hope croatia qualifies for the wc 2018 so i can go watch them play in russia . 
  who does n't amirite ? 
  oh come on , name them . 
  we can take it !, 
  cyprus is your favourite country ?
