i was n't here for it , how did it work ? 
  for something that everyone can work on it looks too good . 
  also expected more racism/trolling, 
  yeah they should 've shown that the tracks stopped where the train was going to make their point, 
  i feel like that old locomotive goes at walking pace almost, 
  why is there so much shitposting in this sub, 
  basically last week tonight with john oliver, 
  what does this mean, 
  i am now dead but i guess i 'll keep drinikng have fun !, 
  mostly america , since a lot of irish families live there, 
  pass out 4 pm ? 
  what is this , amateur hour ? 
  holy wars soon , though . 
  gon na start drinking in an hour :d, 
  what is this , opposite day, 
  is n't more choice better in a democracy, 
  huh what 's special about this, 
  nonsense . 
  at least with comment karma you 'll have to be funny or relevant , post karma is meaningless since you just repost content . 
  of course they will , it 's a political move . 
  they want to silence people posting this, 
  post of the year i personally learned a ton congratulations , hope to hear from you soon, 
  kinda neat how it isnt in english and no one can read this, 
  those are n't people so it 's not really genocide - erdogan, 
  the only thing that 's captured is an embarrassment , by the cameraman . 
  i 'm salty that any chance for a low effort shitpost is taken on this subreddit, 
  [ meanwhile , in bizarro world ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_ca/article/nazis-chic-is-asias-offensive-fashion-craze-456 ), 
  is n't this one of your gods ? 
  he has risen . 
  his wrath is terrible but honest . 
  could be that you meant to say the original meaning without pun intended instead of an anne frank joke . 
   to be frank . 
  is this on purpose ? 
  i n t e r n a t i o n a l s h i t p o s t war . 
  i n t e r n a t i o n a l s h i t p o s t, 
  it kinda looks like it points to where a person has to be rescued damn , that guy sure is lost, 
  i guess clicking on ` context ' is useful sometimes lol , sorry, 
  i 'm standing right here dipshit , do n't be so rude, 
  op only showed the liberal side . 
  how is that even related to what you replied to ? 
  weak pulse . 
  i dunno , could be gezellig, 
  great shitpost, 
  [ bourtange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bourtange ), 
  very obscure comic characters you have there friendo , i 'd be surprised if anyone knew who they are, 
  [ another one of these meme villages ] ( https://toerisme.groningen.nl/uploads/illustraties/1c22bfd8-3079-4e5b-b56a-b6f4a81900fc/2907464548 ), 
  not really , i 'm just pointing him to the fact that he can be following his own bias as well by listening to a policeman who has political reasons not to tell the truth . 
  i do n't know , i 'm just here to disagree, 
  what makes you think you 're not being lied to by this police chief ? 
  is it because it fits your narrative ? 
  i have n't been there at all , these are just a bunch of stereotypes in my brain that may or may not be true, 
   want pepper nuts  she brings home spice nuts godver, 
  i want to visit black guy mountain one time , sounds neat, 
  introvert country with saunas and no sun edit : and 1000 friggin lakes, 
  haha you made a mistake in your title, 
  i am the ultimate god king of europe , bow before me or fear the wrath of our [ elite army ] ( https://lammerscommerce.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/legerfietsen-in-nederland-4.png ), 
  dutchies control europe !, 
   what , did i have to preface my post by saying that i accept gay rights ? 
  for fucks sake . 
  on reddit , you always have to apparently . 
  people will go out of their way to misinterpret comments . 
  i guess to some of these people they are criminals , the religion being the broken law . 
  she 's pro immigration , that 's enough to call her left wing for them, 
  why does / r/india keep banning you ? 
  i can upvote in your name, 
  that louvre attacker was really out of cool ideas, 
  cool . 
  it 's 2 degrees here . 
  glad we talked !, 
  random question : what 's the temperature there ? 
  this is why your country will go down the shitter . 
  enjoy it . 
   racist  ignorant you do know i 've not said one racist thing ? 
  i just do n't feel connected with every single syrian like you feel like you do so it does n't cloud my judgment , and i can see how much problems it will give us . 
  you 're right we 're not discussing things , because you 're immediately crying `` racist/ignorant '' after asking me a simple question . 
  i 'm not discussing things with someone who insults me . 
  send them back . . 
  worse than merkel . 
  too late , already shouted kleine bremsen 30 times . 
  i must commit to this now, 
  and apparently he is even more lenient towards letting fugees in . 
  i did n't do anything but i will accept his gratitude, 
  propaganda is a meme, 
  it has great attention to detail, 
  meanwhile in / pol / propaganda https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz9j-dxegy4, 
  yep, 
  lmao, 
  your post is removed for low quality so look at yourself first , cunt . 
  * tips * makes it sound you just tipped over, 
  is this a euphoric remark ? 
  1 week `` who won ? '', 
  encarta it bruh, 
  whish, 
  or he got one of those giant `` pls donate '' notifications once too much, 
  he just wanted to learn, 
  i recommend using ublock origin , ad block plus sold out, 
  he blocks wikipedia . 
  hitler and caesar did the same . 
  urban dictionary says  it is short for am\u0131na koyay\u0131m ( fuck your pussy ) . 
  it is commonly used to express that you are frustrated .
