  it 's different you see , because germany was forgiven for trying to conquer europe and ethnically cleanse it . 
  greece did something even worse : elect a party which does n't conform to the liberal/social-democratic monopoly on european politics . 
   essentially , juncker is officially asking that the normal rules of democracy be thrown out of the window . 
  he , merkel and scheuble already threw them out the window when they made twice-daily threats to the greek people to vote for new democracy in the last * three * elections * and * to the parliament in the last presidential election as well . 
  right , it was serbians flying a greater albania flag , because they love albania that much . 
   at stadiums [ how albanians act at stadiums ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/jul/10/albania-serbia-match-abandoned-drone ), 
  as opposed to fn , who 's tactic is to scare foreigners from participating in all of france . 
  im vocally wishing for the disappearance of israel just like i vocally wish for the disappearance of every other state guilty of the things israel is guilty of . 
  jumping straight to `` you hate jews '' is a sure sign of someone who does n't want to even have a discussion . 
  maybe if they had n't been colonized for centuries and had their natural resources stripped from them , leaving them decades behind europe that would be the case . 
  in fact , for much of europe 's `` dark ages '' that * was * the case . 
  the parallels to palestine today are pretty clear . 
  if palestine was n't reduced to an open air prison on one side and a collection of isolated cities with checkpoints in between on the other their economy , politics and society would be much better . 
  the jnf itself says jews had legal ownership of 6 percent of the land which became israel . 
  the zionist congress was offered land in kenya to start a state without having to displace an existing population , and they rejected it . 
  it was jerusalem or bust , arabs or anyone else be damned . 
  so they immigrated by the thousands , formed gangs like lehi and irgun to kick arabs out of their homes and move into them , instituted `` hebrew labor '' - essentially boycotting all the non-jewish workers and companies in the area , and once they had enough people there they declared a state on half the land despite having one-third of the population . 
  if that were to happen with any other population it would be seen as a coordinated invasion . 
  i like jews . 
  married one , in fact . 
  i do n't like israel . 
  sorry , you 're not gon na get away with labeling me as an antisemite just to avoid a debate . 
  i would say the one declaring a state upon land they have no ownership of and no legal nor moral right to is the aggresor , but you do you . 
  israel is hardly stable when their borders are being redefined each month based on how many settlers they pack into land that is n't theirs . 
  if they do then arabs would be the majority and israel would cease to exist as we know it . 
  that does n't sound too bad now that i think of it ... 
  every time the two sides try to negotiate peace , israel internally accelerates the settlement expansion . 
  they are the ones who ruin peace talks all the time even by the us ' opinion , who are their greatest ally . 
  well they pay taxes as they `` use '' the resources in the country . 
  just because they are n't charged up front ( actually , they probably are on some level ) does n't mean they do n't pay . 
  removing a statue is n't `` shunning history '' . 
  jesus , why is every moderately antiracist or antisexist idea treated on reddit as the thought police coming to take everyone from their homes at night ? 
   dismissed by the austrians really ? 
  the marxian economists today are taken more seriously then austrians . 
  no one cares for austrian economics . 
  mein kampf is the delusional ravings of a madman . 
  capital is a huge volume of economic insight that even keynes incorporated . 
  they are not comparable in the slightest . 
  by fighting for leadership of the party against his sister of course . 
  nepotism party is nepotistic . 
  who knew ? 
  if you want to defend the migrants , fine . 
  in fact , i do believe in allowing the migrants more freedom to move into europe than most people here . 
  but let 's not devolve into peddling mra garbage . 
  you literally know nothing about me . 
  you saw my flair and assumed a million things . 
  your assertion that `` less debt is always good '' goes against a finance 101 concept called leveraging . 
  also basic macroeconomics , as running a surplus is literally taking money out of your economy and limiting growth . 
  perhaps i should assume you hate gay people and are radical christian because you 're from poland ? 
  my flair has nothing to do with the fact that you have no knowledge of basic economics and finance . 
  they are still the `` they '' that the above post is referring to . 
  no it isnt actually . 
  they just attacked france and it got them dozens of dead citizens and the killers on the run . 
  it 's almost as if they were n't outraged masses but a few dumb but loud people . 
  i 'm not sure you 're paying attention to this discussion . 
  reread and resubmit . 
  you raise a good point . 
  after all , mafiosos and muslims are generally comparable , and this is n't a ridiculous analogy whatsoever . 
  let me know when there are organized movements to kick all the evangelicals out of europe , as well as other people mistaken to be evangelicals based on their perceived ethnic background/appearance . 
  you can criticize islam anywhere you want in europe . 
  it 's completely legal . 
  you 're complaining that there are costs for doing so . 
  sorry , but in a world where there is free speech there is no freedom from criticism . 
  islam can be criticized anywhere in europe , and * so can islam 's critics * - if you disagree with the latter , then you want to limit free speech . 
  i do n't see a place in europe where you ca n't criticize islam . 
  nor did i say islam is beyond reproach . 
  but many who are `` anti-political correctness '' really just want to be racist/islamophobic while being free from criticism , essentially to restrict the speech of their critics . 
  because you reinforce the idea that muslims and people from the middle east in general are not welcome in european society , making integration harder . 
  you give them more of a reason to believe that europeans are the racist enemy , and you give the terrorist groups more fodder for their recruitment efforts . 
  you can see how this would lead to more people going to syria to fight for isis ( getting away from the society which ghettoizes and demonizes them to a place which accepts them ) , and especially more terrorists popping up in europe ( getting revenge on the society ) . 
  being able to call islam a toxic ideology whose members do n't belong in our society , which is essentially what those who are `` anti-pc '' want the right to do , is not going to do anything but help the terrorists . 
  these two topics are unrelated at best . 
  they admitted that greece should not have been given loans , in other words that they should have defaulted . 
  and without these new loans , austerity would not be needed , becauze the whole point was that the savings acquired from austerity would help repay the loans . 
  these things are one and the same , so it is n't dishonest . 
   syriza  establishment ok, 
  technology available does have a ton to do with productivity though , which is not related to how `` lazy '' workers are . 
  eagerly awaiting the years-long `` lazy finland '' stereotypes . 
  but i wo n't be holding my breath . 
  administering the area is not the same as importing a population and expelling the current residents . 
  besides , netanyahu declared he would ignore oslo out more than a decade ago , it is a worthless piece of paper . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't have access to palestinian firms ' financial statements , and especially not one from a hypothetical world where there is no occupation . 
  even if i did my understanding of arabic us limited , and a sample size of 1 is not sufficient to draw empirical conclusions . 
  i am simply talking from the perspective of an economist applying widely accepted theories of the firm and of international trade . 
  as for the `` forced dependence , '' i concede it is strong language but it is used to signify that the large difference in wages offered by israeli and palestinian firms is largely due to significant alteration of incentive structures by israel 's occupation of the west bank . 
  of course palestinians will go to work in the israeli firm for more pay , i am simply saying that much less would if the playing field were even . 
    when the idf kicks arabs out of their home at gunpoint , bulldozes said homes ( ... ) is ethnic cleansing . 
   people forced out of homes by the idf ( rather : border police ) is an extremely rare occurrence and has nothing to do with `` ethnic cleansing '' but comes with a good legal basis whenever it happens , namely either ( a ) building erected without permit , ( b ) homeowner committed a major act of terror , which has destruction of his home as a possible statutory consequence , or ( c ) tenants refuse to pay rent to their landlord and violently fight eviction ( in which case of course the house is not bulldozed ) . 
  ( a ) who gave israel the right to determined who gets permits to build on non-israeli land ? 
  america does n't distribute building permits in canada , why does israel get to distribute building permits in palestine ? 
  ( b ) who gives israel the right to determine crime and punishment in palestine , let alone carry out extra judicial executions of non involved parties like family members ? 
  literally nowhere else on earth does this happen , and if it does its an invasion and occupation . 
  this is getting absurd . 
  you 're at the point where you ca n't realize what an occupation is , and even a `` small '' ( read : tens of thousands ) of house demolitions by an invading party are tolerable , because israelis are special little snowflakes who do n't have to follow the same rules as everyone else and need to be held to a lower standard by your antisemitism . 
   jewish people settling in the westbank has nothing to do with `` ethnic cleansing '' of anyone . 
  your accusations obviously come from a fantasy world . 
  when the idf kicks arabs out of their home at gunpoint , bulldozes said homes and builds shiny new ones for people of the preferred race to move in free of charge , yes it is ethnic cleansing . 
  if you want me to spell it out for you i can , but you 've already decided that you do n't want a debate . 
   however , ethnically cleansing away the jews of gaza was real . 
  we are constantly reminded on reddit how it was israel who unilaterally withdrew from gaza and forced their own people to leave as a peaceful gesture .
