  the gymnastics needed to fit that into the above definition of ethnic cleansing is worthy of an olympic gold medal . 
  but we ca n't make those sort of direct comparisons , because we do n't know what they would be making in a palestinian factory without the occupation . 
  the occupation imposes huge transactions costs on importing goods and shipping them from one area of palestine to another . 
  let alone the cost of having an import rejected by the israeli government because they just feel like it . 
  in essence it creates not only a palestinian economy largely cut off from the world , but also several local economies with significant barriers between each other . 
  so the effects are felt at the micro and macro levels . 
  these transactions costs severely impact profitability of palestinian firms , and without them we would see higher profits and a more competitive economy , and a portion of these benefits would be passed on as higher wages for workers in palestine . 
  so really this idea that they are benefitting from working in these factories over palestinian ones is not entirely true , and that 's why i find it funny that people present it as an example of coexistence when really it is an example of forced dependence . 
   the only `` ethnic cleansing '' plan on the table i know of is the eliminatory desire to clean first the westbank and then the whole land from the river to the sea of any jewish presence . 
  regrettably , israels withdrawal from the gaza stip was in `` palestinian '' discourse not perceived as a step towards mutual peace , but as a blueprint for the further , future steps of ethnically cleansing the land from jews . 
  ethnic cleansing according to the unsc : `` a purposeful policy designed by one ethnic or religious group to remove by violent and terror-inspiring means the civilian population of another ethnic or religious group from certain geographic areas . '', 
  the settlement policy fits this definition to the word . 
  you spent a lot of time speculating about future actions that palestinians might take : `` plan ... desire ... step ... blueprint ... future steps , '' but you ignore the actual , real ethnic cleansing happening over a period of decades being perpetrated by israel . 
  clearly one must hate arabs immensely to excuse their ethnic cleansing . 
  perhaps you just hold israelis to a lower standard and therefore can excuse their ethnic cleansing , as they do n't have to play by the rules everyone else must follow in your eyes . 
  it is a deeply anti-semitic idea to believe jews should not be held to the same standard as everyone else . 
  i 'm sure your anecdotes are more valid than scientific polls on the matter . 
  all this in an attempt to justify actions consistent with the un security council definition of ethnic cleansing . 
  wow , just like a scripted algorithm your next response is to tell me about the hamas charter , literally unrelated to the topic at hand . 
  i 'll take that as a concession on the point of west bank and gaza both being palestine . 
  i 'm sure response # 3 on said algorithm is to call me an anti-semite . 
  the likud charter is just as ridiculous , and calls for there to never exist a state of palestine and for israel to claim all of the west bank and gaza as theirs because of some 2,000 year old fairy tale that paints them as god 's chosen people . 
  yet israelis re-elected not only them , but parties even more right-wing than them , to run their country in free elections , just last year . 
  ^ 1  ( or even any regular guy from gaza ) right , all palestinians are backward subhuman barbarians hellbent on enacting another holocaust . 
  every single one of them . 
  / s i am absolutely , 100 % sure that if israel were put in the same situation as gaza and the west bank are in now , they would respond the exact same way . 
  israel 's occupation of the palestinian territories expands whether the palestinians try peaceful means or non-peaceful means . 
  settlement construction expands , through intentionally-enacted policy , every single time the two sides meet for peace talks . 
  there is literally no non-violent method through which the occupation ends , as israel cuts these methods off intentionally . 
  now that the violent methods are used , israel can cry terrorism and anti-semitism and pretend their entire existence is at stake to justify their ethnic cleansing . 
  ^ 1 as opposed to your example of an election , where a majority of voters supported parties other than hamas , which happened nearly 10 years ago , and which hamas never took power from since they decided to go the civil war route instead . 
  because israel stopped settling gaza and accelerated settlement in west bank . 
  they are both palestine , and they are both occupied . 
  it 's like saying you ended all crime in berlin , so all germans should be happy even though the crime rate has doubled in munich . 
   punishes ... palestinians working in these factories presenting israel as some savior providing palestinians jobs . . top kek . 
  if israel were n't seizing 60 % of the west bank for their ethnic cleansing project , the palestinians would have their own factories and make their own products . 
  usa best slavs forever !, 
  because name diversity is probably lower ... 
  implying they were socialists in the first place, 
  man , i love how all of europe 's so-called social democrats are all lining up to see who can enact the worst austerity measures . 
  the `` work '' is that adding more black people in a place does not inherently lead to more racism . 
  saying that its just natural for more racism to exist in a place with more minorities runs counter to tons of academic research and is blaming the victims . 
  the most racism tends to exist in places where minorities are * least * concentrated . 
  [ greece 's unemployment since 2000 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtgr&amp;v=201509141734h&amp;d1=19150101&amp;d2=20151231 ) the austerity has done wonders !, 
  recovery is almost here !, 
  gdp is partly government spending , so yeah probably . 
  it 's because people can not understand why there are 5 different ways to make the same `` e '' sound . 
  no idea how you go from the left to afd, 
  subsidies and all corruption for that matter are the natural consequence of firms acting according to the profit motive . 
  even if you start with a fantasyland free market , as long as there is a government firms have a profit incentive to seek subsidies from the government and you now no longer have your fantasyland free market . 
  if you say that subsidies are not a part of capitalism you are saying the profit motive is not a part of capitalism . 
  there is no such thing as a free market . 
  it is an impossible thing to achieve . 
  when people act based on profit motive , and corruption/government interference is profitable , there will always be corruption/government interference . 
  right wingers will complain when people say terrorism has nothing to do with islam , then pull the same shit when it comes to capitalism . 
  russia took crimea using similar logic . 
  they want wages to grow while chipping away at the ability of workers to bargain for wage increases . 
  neoliberalism in a nutshell . 
  man i thought we had a chance . 
   these are people in a country where minimum wage is higher than the average wage in my country . 
  if you ignore cost of living then youre gon na have a bad time . 
  uhh ... grow the economy ? 
  which austerity by definition does the opposite of ? 
   just his `` socialism in one country '' that is a huge difference from everyone before him . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#m.c3.a9lenchon.e2.80.93le_pen both polls have him winning comfortably , the more recent won by nearly 30 points . 
  probably , but if he were against le pen he would win comfortably . 
  to think if he dropped out melenchon would likely win . 
  the 1v1 polls show macron beats everyone , melenchon beats everyone but macron , fillon beats le pen . 
  le pen loses badly to all of them except fillon , where she has a small chance . 
   right wingers : `` hey , i believe this . '', 
  except they 're slaughtering immigrants in the streets you dumb fuck its not the same situation at all god fucking dammit, 
  postmodern mexico, 
  the economics one is bullshit as well , but that 's a story for another day . 
  res : `` let 's call a spade a spade , she 's super fucking old . '', 
  netanyahu once said that hitler only wanted to expel the jews , not commit genocide , and that it was the palestinians who convinced hitler to commit genocide . 
  his party got elected on the platform of `` the arabs are voting !, 
  run to the polls to stop them ! '', 
  he has no sense in his head and never did . 
   are you referring to the guy in portland ? 
  that guy was a bernie and jill stein supporter who claimed he would `` slay trump . '', 
  and then said he would `` join trump 's ss . '', 
  he was a trump supporter and acted with that in mind . 
  so who is the terrorist sympathizer now ? 
  this doesnt sound like a short circuit , it sounds like a person being electricuted . 
  5,100 is a small number . 
  it was always a myth propagated by the center . 
   or even worse , the us election was not lost by the democrats because trump managed to mobilize a lot of voters . 
  democrats actually stayed home instead . 
  so when the bernie lot could not get their preferred candidate ? 
  they stayed at home . 
  and the rest is history . 
  that is ahistorical . 
  clinton won the popular vote but lost in states that she literally ignored the entire campaign . 
  [ do n't let facts get in the way of a good circlejerk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#graphical_summary ), 
  til piketty does n't know basic economics lol economics ! = deepthroating free markets, 
  bias toward the `` center '' is just as much a bias as left or right wing bias . 
   i mean if you are fucked anyway , why not put le pen in charge to show the left what they get for the purist nonsense and her incompetence would likely harm her long run support . 
  it would also force the eu to change . 
  wow what a shitty mentality . 
  elect a fascist to * prove a point * against people who voted to your left .
