this statement is an absolute, 
   some are corrupted by ideology aka `` some are not liberals or social democrats , therefore they are bad . 
  only liberals and social democrats should govern forever and ever . '', 
  funny thing is the muslims in the us are possibly the most moderate muslims on the planet . 
  which begs the question : why ? 
  why does a country like the us with its wide open doors for immigration have moderate muslims and europe with relatively restricted immigration supposedly have extremist muslims ? 
  you want catalonian independence ? 
  because that 's how you get catalonian independence . 
  well i am think that 30 percent will be moving over to the new party . 
  if we assume that 30 percent is consistent with the people who voted for syriza in the general election and that opinion polls forecasting syriza 's vote share prior to the split are accurate , the could get as much as 12-15 percent . 
  even if the poll is inaccurate and they simply match the number they got in the last election the left platform ends up with 10 . 
  left platform held 30 percent of the party congress at the last party election . 
  that was years ago so its likely they have more support now . 
  you can not put a price on democracy . 
  you 're saying international trade is irrelevant to the eurozone ? 
  bad statistics 101 , right here . 
  per capita gdp growth was almost the same across all the countries , because germany 's population fell in that time period while greece 's grew . 
  in fact , greece grew slower per capita than germany . 
  but of course we got ta circlejerk about how the greeks deserve every bit of demise they get because muh extreme liberalism . 
  it 's clear moving the goalposts . 
   '' greece does not make enough money as long as they do not put up reforms ''  they have made many reforms imposed by the troika . 
   independent statistics bureau clearly the contention is that the statistics bureau is keeping the greek gov ' t from making money . 
  if that is n't the contention , then they 're moving the goalposts . 
  and not what you want to find at 180 percent debt/gdp ratio . 
   nobody knows . 
  til economic theories do n't real, 
   indepdent statistics bureau ah yes , the real budget-buster . 
  you can tell who supports economically-illiterate austerity measures by who decides to personally attack krugman when he voices an opinion against it . 
  welltht was a special case as it was shown that nd was rigging the polls . 
  are n't they part of syriza now ? 
  well it looks like anel might not even get any seats either . 
  we did say `` more and more ridiculous . '', 
  germans are n't the ones asking the questions , they 're force feeding the answers . 
  [ it appears the c 's have lost momentum recently . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_spanish_general_election,_2015 ), 
  this is typical in other countries in europe , sometimes you see people demoted to being a backbencher but most of the time you get kicked out . 
   the average retirement age in greece has been falling for years , with men retiring at 62 and women retiring at 60 , according to oecd data , even though the ` official ' retirement age was recently raised to 67 . 
  this is the same everywhere . 
  in the us the `` normal '' retirement age is 67 ( really the age at which you get full benefits is at 70 though ) , and the average age at which people retire only recently went up from 61 to 62 . 
  as for the last paragraph , you 'd have to be insane to not gradually phase in a retirement age increase . 
  well i am saying that creating an independent , uncorruptable `` non-profit place that controls the profit place '' is impossible . 
  the profiteer can earn more profits by corrupting this `` non-profit place '' no matter where they do their business , so they will . 
  fascists hate capitalism . 
  communists hate capitalism . 
  the eu is a bastion of capitalism . 
  it really is n't that hard to see how this works . 
  sorry liberals and social democrats , contrary to your beliefs , you do n't get a monopoly on policy making and government forever . 
  `` no you ca n't . '', 
  -- / r/worldnews, 
  yup , nothing new . 
  it 's no wonder hardly any russians post here anymore . 
  that is in fact the definition of free market capitalism . 
  for one , there 's nothing more free than freedom to move your company 's headquarters to where you think is more profitable . 
  secondly , profit is the engine that makes capitalism work , and any time corruption breeds profits , capitalism will find a way to corrupt governments . 
  maybe there 's a problem with free market capitalism ( or at the very least your definition of free market capitalism ) , and not just russia or just netherlands or just usa . 
  the game theory did its trick !, 
  / s ... or am i ? 
  i honestly think he has a legitimate shot at becoming prime minister . 
  tsipras and the country was humiliated and he caved to austerity which 61 % opposed . 
  austerity is the equivalent of building your house on top of sand . 
  i think the only reason syriza 's support holds steady is the lack of an alternative , which could present itself in the form of left platform . 
  i think more people support left platform over synapsismos ( tsipras faction ) than ever before . 
  the left platform ( and smaller left-wing allies ) , as of the most recent internal elections ( three years ago ) comprises about 35 percent of the executive committee of syriza . 
  i can only imagine that their support within the party has only grown since then . 
  their representation in parliament is smaller , but still possibly enough to topple the majority . 
  only 13 out of 149 syriza mps need to leave to end the majority . 
  the reforms will pass , but the government will lose its majority in parliament due to syriza mps leaving the party , which means new elections unless other parties join the coalition . 
  that 's certainly possible , but it will only mean syriza will lose even more support at the polls for collaborating with the oligarchy-backed parties . 
  i sincerely doubt that they will be able to pass these austerity measures , already a couple ministers are likely to resign or be kicked out for their resistance , and a handful of mps will likely follow them , ending the syriza-anel majority . 
  they had two goals in mind : - to implement extremist liberal policies , no matter what the vast majority of economists say , including the imf . 
  - to prevent leftist parties from gaining a foothold in europe , and punish syriza for winning an election while not being either liberals or social democrats ( aka the only acceptable political positions ) . 
  cynicism , deception and are wholly consistent , even necessary , to achieve these goals . 
  it will likely cost him the government majority , he will probably have to kick out lafazanis and co. . or they will leave on their own . 
  then tsipras will either have to bring in another party into the coalition or we will have elections where the left platform takes a lot of votes from syriza . 
  he doesnt exactly have the best record when it comes to [ guarantees ] ( https://youtu.be/wmpm1vb8q1c ), 
  i am a syriza supporter if only technically , as i voted for them to reject austerity , default and exit the euro . 
  now i am hoping the left platform breaks away from the party so i can support them instead of the farce that is the current party leadership . 
  i think they 'll get along just fine in an economic union catered to its interests , especially now that they know they can kick anyone out who does n't fall in line . 
  right , because schauble and the rest of the troika are acting out of the kindness of his heart , not based on pushing austerity on the entire south of the continent and punishing the greeks for electing a leftist government . 
  / s this debate is all about ideology , whether they are american or european . 
  what gets defined as a `` shared value and principle of europe '' is entirely based on ideology . 
  when it comes to greece , it 's no reals , only feels for the extremist liberals of / r/europe . 
  `` greece never implemented reforms , greeks are all lazy tax-evading who just want to take our money , and austerity works literally everywhere all the time and no alternative has ever worked ever . 
  where cares if the vast majority of economists , policy analysts and think tanks all disagree with us ? '', 
   shared values and principles i forgot the part where extremist liberal fiscal policy was a shared value and principle of europe . 
  if we learned anything today and yesterday , its clearly schaubles line . 
  dae we 're horrible ? 
  i just hope the name is changed to reflect that this is only a union for northern european liberals and no one else . 
   portuguese exports have secured a healthy growth rate going on 3 years new . 
  this runs into problems when you try to make every country an export-oriented country : by definition that ca n't happen . 
  i think the only radical change possible is one where the left wing of syriza breaks away and forms its own party . 
  golden dawn is not gon na get a groundswell of support from a largely leftist youth , perhaps they will be able to take some of anels voters if anything . 
  i hope the left platform gains more influence in syriza , or breaks away from it , because this proposal is inexcusable and party leadership deserve to be taught a lesson for it . 
  he also coauthored one of the only prominent papers which found support for austerity policies as a remedy for recession , except his findings were based on intentional data omissions and flawed methodology , and the opposite is found if you include his entire dataset . 
  defining gender equality as solely based on who gets the opportunity to shit on workers is an absurd definition . 
  the amount of blatant idiocy in this post is unbelievable . 
  anything that is n't stem , aka the only fields that matter / s, 
  they would all pack up and leave for another tax haven , causing higher unemployment and more contraction . 
  lol , blatantly ignoring equal time regulations for elections which are present in many countries = resisting stalinism now . 
  i know people will find some way to spin this as the government exerting stalinist control over media , but anyone who paid attention to greek media over this referendum ( let alone every other day of the year/decade/since the day the junta was overthrown ) know that pretty much all the media here is so blatantly in new democracy 's pocket .
