  so the frankish empire , slavic and early roman republic . 
  just silly dutch . 
  from the 1 of januari they can become marines too . 
  i wish them good luck i tried and failed like most . 
  it wo n't be easy . 
  if i had to choose between the fried mars and a lot of other things on this list i would happily eat the mars . 
  deep fried pizza does not sound so bad . 
  not always . 
  eu takes a pretty big chunk of flexibility from countries to rule themself . 
  less eu is often seen as more self control . 
  and some countries believe that their policy 's about certain things ( no examples ) can be better than the eu 's . 
  that does not mean anti you just more self goverment . 
  pvv 2012 immigration immigratie : \u2022 immigration under dutch control \u2022 stop immigration from islamic countries \u2022 denied acces is gtfo \u2022 no dubble nationalities ( aka turkish and a dutch passport ) \u2022 strangers is work or gtfo \u2022 assimilation contract not sighning or not following is gtfo \u2022 forbid general pardon \u2022 becoming dutch class in land of origen \u2022 staying illegal in the netherland becomes illegal \u2022 no more than 1000 asylum seekers a year intergration ( going to tl ; dr this because lazy ) \u2022 islam = not gucci \u2022 no new mosq , outside financieng . 
  \u2022 preach violence in mosq is mosq gtfo \u2022 all islamic schools gtfo ( this can also be explained that if they go to a public school they might intergrate better ) \u2022 dubble nationality = voting gtfo \u2022 forbid full camo headscarf ( do n't know english name ) completly ( can also be explained because we have to be indentifyable and a fch can onstruct this ) no regular headscarf in school and goverment building and goverment sponsored organisations . 
  \u2022 non dutch 10 years no crime and do work for dutch special rights . 
  \u2022 only money when you have no work if you do n't wear a fch ( weird ass they already want to forbid them so should be obvious that they would not wear it when they get benefits ) \u2022 no multiculti sponser money . 
  \u2022 asylum seekers do n't get a disneyland fastpass with housing . 
  and last miss malmstrom gtfo with immigration . 
  sad that is it so anti muslim and not more general . 
  he makes a few good points if you remove the obvious anti muslim sentiment . 
  not going to imrpove the english spelling or the names of things i spelled incorrect it is 01:11 right now and i am going to sleep . 
  it will be nice to know if she was nice . 
  that is not nice . 
  we have to safe money on everything . 
  the cost of living in morocco is less than in the netherlands . 
  they want to lower the money they get to match the cost of living . 
  there is money being saved on everything . 
  they are no exception . 
  it is . 
  melon ice cream tastes amazing !, 
  pretty funny how they relight the thing so often . 
  not with us . 
  we will try to get the trade back as fast as possible . 
  it does burn very slowly . 
  i think the original idea was having closer relationships between countries like ours and germany . 
  give me a minute yes it did, 
  hell in our class a while ago ( we have a lot of allochtonen ) we had a discussion and we had to vote if we wanted to change or leave zp as he is now . 
  the only ones against were a few white kids . 
  the rest all wanted him to remain as he is now . 
  wait so this actually happend and was not a joke . 
  i always thought the picture to the right was not the real restoration . 
  so he may have a point ? 
  did not realise coolblue was so big . 
  thought bol.com was bigger . 
  he is dutch . 
  ofcourse the takes the bike . 
  the far right . 
  right in europe is liberalism . 
  which is about freedom . 
  that far might seem not important butt it is . 
  nehh it 's saying pang pang instead of shooting . 
  i should sleep more ... 
  a turkish minister want to visit the netherlands to ask for support of erdogan from turks living here . 
  edit : wrong country, 
  wait why are we not very high . 
  korea is doubting if they want to call us holland or the netherlands . 
  nah , ours is willem, 
  yeah all those poor syrians in these foto 's ... 
  you did not dissapoint . 
  far right wingers . 
  there is nothing wrong with right wingers source : am right as are a lot of my friends . 
  none of us are racist . 
  as far as i know right party 's often support gay marriage . 
  backstory for those who do n't know . 
  finland often ranks just a bit higher than us . 
  so there is this rivalry between us that the finnish do n't know about . 
  damm you finland !!, 
  i am from the netherlands and if my understanding is correct they clean the toilets . 
  yeah i also hate paying for it . 
  damm you finland !, 
  not really european nationalism . 
  if there is nationalism it is about out own country . 
  i often hear the reason why people dislike the eu is because they keep getting more and more corrupt poor countries instead of just keeping a few butt stable countries . 
  finland bloody bastards keep beating us on charts . 
  the club most populair around my place is feyenoord . 
  football is the most pooulair sport here butt i myself dont really like it as i suck at ball sports . 
  i kinda a liek zwisterland so i hve no problem woth them . 
  and our colonial empire well my best friend is from surinam so he would not be here if we did not get that place . 
  and even though we were dicks to indonesia we got pindasaus at the end of a it so . 
  hmmmm what is this homeless shelter thingy ? 
  mmmm this guy does not pay his rent lets keep him here !, 
  because i do n't have bills to pay myself . 
  no that is austria you silly . 
  people of foreign descent often carry a passport and natives an id . 
  older people use their drivers liscene more often . 
  atleast that is my experience . 
  what who discovers sailing in the modernera !, 
  those cargoships make way too much money for venice to be left behind . 
  no why ? 
  i do n't believe in god and i celebrate christmas . 
  only 1 of my friends does not celebrate christmas and he is muslim for the rest nobody believes in god . 
  is it that weird of a word . 
  never thought of that, 
  groenlinks winning the election hahahaha no ... 
  butt guns are fun ... 
  most i know were from school . 
  and yes they did identify as dutch last . 
  same in my sister 's case . 
  they definitelty consider themself morrocan/turk/muslim before dutch not all butt a lot do . 
  and there we have a typical left winger that just because somebody believes that if he work hard and get a good salary he should be allowed to keep a large part and not pay 80 % in taxes .
