religion is not above the law . 
  no tentacles . 
  the reason why populist party 's are populair is because they are anti immigration and some of the few nationalistic parties there are . 
  and who can blame people for voting for against low skilled immigration and a party that is proud of it 's country when there are not many other options in that regard . 
  i wo n't vote for them . 
  butt i know why some of my countrymen do . 
  that is because they export people not import . 
  chill chill !, 
  we had wilders before they had trump as politician . 
  i do n't care he is a cunt america has the american wilders not the otherway around . 
  every country in africa is a shithole til, 
  just because one does it does not excuse another ... 
  well causing instability so close to the european border is usually not really welcomed . 
  okay proxy invade ukraine . 
  before russia did his little invasion and helped fuck up a plane with ton of our people . 
  we had a party to celebrate our good relationship . 
  if only they did not invade ukraine we would still have it and everybody would benefit . 
  no butt it is tasty as fuck . 
  by population would be a bad idea . 
  countries who fuck like rabits would get way more power than small countries who earn a lot of money . 
  to be honest if there would be a president i would want it to come from one of those 4 countries or the scandinavian countries . 
  would not really care that much about it . 
  butt i rather stay with germany and belgium in 1 zone because i go there the most out of foreign countries . 
  so if that is fixed sure . 
  butt how could that place become a bigger shitshow than it already is . 
  i am not a fan of turkey . 
  butt if erdogan is able to put the region to peace i will have no problem with it . 
  we do n't dub shit in our country ( thank god ass our dubbing sucks ) so english is the language we hear when we watch movies and play games . 
  so you learn a lot faster . 
  take that finland this round is ours !, 
  fucked up a nice flag . 
  with the benelux sure butt there are a lot of countries i do n't want to have the same goverment with . 
  or you know people just did not give eneugh of a fuck to vote ... 
  yeah we have a lovely g . one of our national prides . 
  you ca n't deny that he was atleast a little bit of a cunt . 
  no wonder people ca n't do our g and ch skhul and dikht is what they are being thought . 
  man man man what a dissapointment . 
  wait why would we want mexico ? 
  does poland not party exits out parts of old prussia which was part of germany before ? 
  why does he have to be a pen to lock down the borders . 
  sure he might need one when he signs the law . 
  i rather have britain though . 
  why not het everybody drunk and have a party !, 
  wel yeah they are the people . 
  what do you think they are horses ? 
  in the netherlands the costumer is king . 
  butt we are the emperor ( satisfy the costumer butt do n't let them do stupid things ), 
  i mean 2 $ 1 burgers are pretty good . 
  not the other stuff . 
  got a big mac and they only put on a extra bun and salad . 
  same as the bacon thing . 
  fucking half a slice of bacon !, 
  how dare you call this bacon !, 
  wait holland is german . 
  that guy should learn his history !, 
  we are germanic not german . 
  man man man taxi drivers these days . 
  ehh might be true . 
  when my father was in a prison gaurd anti riot thing ( not sure how it 's called ) had red dot sights and he never needed to shoot . 
  so a person who is expected to shoot might have them . 
  i was allowed to carry it on a information day . 
  it feels really nice and they told us it has low recoil . 
  only thing i did not like ( as a guy who has almost zero knowledge about guns ) was the ironside . 
  which seemed really small . 
  so that 's why we use the c7/c8 . 
  we like you guys so we also like your guns . 
  a smiley ? 
  well that 's what i get for reacting to comments when i am tired at work . 
  sometimes not always . 
  becuase erdogan is kinda a soepkip . 
  it takes time . 
  it 's very usefull to learn if you have work where you have to bend over a lot . 
  same here . 
  it 's actually even usefull in my work as i do n't have to zit on my knees and it 's a solid postition . 
  ha this westerner can ( i learned it out of pure boredom ), 
  depends do they land on grass with a no walking sign = not cool . 
  do they crash into a taxi and escape an evil mexican drug lord = cool . 
  true here is the netherlands chinese often have a snackbar or a chinese restaurant . 
  only it 's 50/50 in the snackbar that the fries taste good . 
  indeed crime is not cool . 
  it 's for cunts . 
  i also do n't like justin bieber butt to say he is related to the bombing today is also a bit too much . 
  that are the kurds who fight against is not the ones that bomb turkey ... 
  it should be a crime against humanity to prevent children to never know the delicious taste of meat !, 
  wat is er mis met nederlands . 
  het is frans wat gek is !, 
  yeah we really invaded a country . 
  is against homoempire shows a guy wearing armor with a muscle patern . 
  which was made famous by the ancient greeks which were know to be manlovers . 
  he wants to built a wall . 
  not thermonuclear war ... 
  also being investigated by the fbi for possible crimes againt the nations security . 
  not saying trump is a nice guy but hillary is no saint either . 
  the alternative is also not that great . 
  most likely ca n't . 
  the military really took some sucker punches in budget cuts . 
  what are shadow ministers . 
  are they the british variant of a ninja ? 
  west germanic origen . 
  south roman origen east slavic origen,
