  the enforcement system could use some improvements . 
  faces can be ugly without being asymmetrical . 
  yours is neither . 
  alsways has , always will, 
  i have 60 hours on that game and i love it , but this is so unsurprising it hurts . 
  the devs still did n't do anything about it . 
  all they did was say they know the game has few players . 
  this game does n't deserve better if the devs are unwilling to do anything . 
  this is so old, 
  no , not at all, 
  hot candidate for new phone wallpaper, 
  well , they are still developing content for it . 
  3 maps , several modes and 1 new character were announced already . 
  i do n't think they abandoned it just yet , but i ca n't say that the lack of any attempts to increase playerbase is not indicative if it . 
  we 'll see , the game will be proper dead if they do n't do something real soon here . 
  no , quen does let damage through when hit by an attack that does beyond 100 % damage . 
  and a blade as heavy as atorias 's , which is also bigger and longer than geralt himself will penetrate quen and hurt him . 
  beyond that , artorias does n't have stamina either . 
  and geralts potions do n't replenish anything instantly , they take their sweet ass time . 
  geralt is also way slower during combat . 
  and sprint does take stamina from him . 
  roll does too . 
  only his little dodge does n't . 
  and try to dodge that giant sword like that . 
  i do n't think geralt can take artorias on without prep time . 
  especially when artorias 's mind is clear and he has sif . 
  and a shield . 
  maybe with prep time , but even then . 
  what did geralt kill that is as strong as artorias who is arguably the best combatant in souls ? 
  buy naughty teddy memes now people, 
  i 'd give it a ten !, 
  are you actually with bkp or nexon ? 
  ok good , i was n't too fond to hear that this other person was actually with nexon . 
  good luck . 
  yes i have found these rubbings , how do i access them again ? 
  ok , will try that . 
  because i had a feeling they are important but i just could n't find them . 
  i ` member you, 
  who are the rebels ? 
  you mean vendrian guard ? 
  ok that 's unfortunate , since i adore the design . 
  there go my roleplaying wishes i guess . 
  so i guess i will just start new then . 
  since it does n't matter anyways . 
  thank you, 
  not a big fan your clothing , looks a bit grandma-like . 
  except for the bikini lol . 
  but you 're not ugly at all . 
  i 'd give you an 8 if i ignore your clothes for a bit . 
  well there 's a lot going on , rain effects throughout the entire area . 
  and your card is not too powerful ,, 
  yes ' it 's fucking retareded . 
  gross incompetence at display . 
  i actually chatted with nvidia about this a couple of days ago . 
  they said they know about it and it should 've been fixed already . 
  thanks nvidia , real helpful . 
  lose weight and you 're probs fine, 
  we did n't see zodd fighting with full force yet . 
  he was about to do it when he faced skull knight , but then stopped to see guts in his armor . 
  we can only guess how strong he really is . 
  i did n't know that was possible , thanks, 
  you can see the exact moment where they realize they done fucked it, 
  i feel like the guy in front realized it a second before the sway, 
  id like to know what hype you 're talking about, 
  good luck playing when the count drops further . 
  and good luck finding a balanced match in ranked with a pool of 50 players in your region , while 30 of those are on quick play . 
  still not sure how that matters , numbers clearly back me up and not you . 
  i am playing something else , because this game is nigh unplayable . 
  been enjoying tyranny and do n't starve with my friends . 
  in case you wonder why i am even here , i love this game . 
  honestly do . 
  but i just ca n't enjoy it enough with this almost non existent player count . 
  but i will come back to it when i see more players . 
  at around 600 or so players . 
  fuck myrrah , there i said it . 
  this insane trend that literally every female character in a video game has to look like a model annoys me . 
  she 's the locust queen for fuck 's sake . 
  if there 's an example that would help him it 's siege , not warframe, 
  i loved security and recon like they were a part of me, 
  someone gained some weight there, 
  does n't seem to be a fan of indians, 
  ye , make it permanent, 
  ... is this bait ? 
  thighs not thicc enough, 
  it 's not your face , it 's weight . 
  lose weight and your face problem will solve itself . 
  then do n't buy it . 
  simple, 
  i honestly would like to see if humanity cracks immortality before i die . 
  perfect artificial organs , or just transferring consciousness into a mechanic brain and body . 
  i do n't think that really matters, 
  hes talking about his shitty shirt lol, 
  we need more than your verification pic, 
  i still did n't understand what this actually is at it 's core . 
  and i watched the entire thing . 
  i did play tabetop games , but not the dnd type with gamemaster etc. 
  yeah i can certainly understand your excitement , it looks insanely detailed . 
  reminds me of forge . 
  thanks for the explanaition btw, 
  certainly am enjoying it .
