  i 'm hoping they put it in h5 . 
  i do n't want my xbox to become obsolete . 
  so i 'm against h5 on pc . 
  also , why should pc players be allowed to play the perfection that is halo when they shout `` pc master race '' in my face all the time ? 
  not a big fan of those pc master race people . 
  sure there 's some people that are just joking about , but i came across way to many that were serious about it and bash on console players . 
  do n't need that . 
  play your lord gaben games , but not my halo . 
  i did not think about it . 
  i thouht it was obvious that only my pure emotions made me comment here . 
  i know it 's childish , do n't need to tell me . 
  * hive, 
  this is fucking great . 
  brb got ta send this to like 10 whats app groups . 
  reak talk , chief won . 
  this is so sick, 
  i just woke up so do n't expect some crazy detailed answer . 
  i 've been playing xbox and halo since i was 6 years old . 
  when ce released my dad got an og xbox and halo , and we played it together . 
  so , i have a pretty rich console history at this point . 
  and i pretty much never played on pc . 
  i 've tried on the gamescom a week ago and i found it to be tidious , i also think that a pc is way too expensive . 
  i 'm basically afraid of it becoming obsolete because i will keep playing halo on xbox , but with it coming out on pc i fear that a lot of people will switch to pc , creating an air-thin playerbase for halo . 
  the playerbase is small already . 
  i do n't want people going over to pc to make it worse . 
  do n't ever go for bosses . 
  bases are your priority target . 
  try to keep at least 2 bases at all times . 
  base is getting captured ? 
  hurry up and defend it . 
  think before calling a req in . 
  what other reqs are on the field that could counter mine , how will i use it once called , is it a good timing to call this specific req in right now ? 
  keep an eye on the killfeed to know what your team mates and enemies are using . 
  enemy team has a shotgun ? 
  be careful when trying to capture bases now . 
  enemy has a sniper ? 
  do n't go into open spaces . 
  smart pistols was a piece of garbage tbh . 
  you had to be really dumb to die to it . 
  or , you know , enemy came from behind . 
  spartans execute it so much smoother, 
  gen 8 here , i enjoy the game . 
  ca n't really get behind most of the complains this sub has, 
  wrong , asked this during last weeks tech test . 
  also : no shield titans and you can steal their energy core, 
  yeah that 's what i thought , pretty weak excuse to dumb down the customization feature, 
  i honestly do n't give two fucks about it, 
  i do n't like this . 
  make us customize our pilot like we do it in every other fucking game . 
  halo , cod , doom , destiny , hell even skins like we have them in overwatch would be more than fine with me . 
  / r/totallynotrobots, 
  i am totally a pilot . 
  just like all you other human emotion driven meatbags are . 
  do n't ever question my amazing parkour skills and my superior fighting which is not driven by oil . 
  not enough modes/maps . 
  too much breakout . 
  ground pound arena sucks ass . 
  all the other modes are great . 
  do n't think so tbh . 
  i 'm happy that the mod is able to bring joy to some people , 
  i , how ever , think it 's just a cardboard cut-out firefight . 
  the older ones were way better . 
  loved that mode so much . 
  played so long and i did n't even have all the characters in the end . 
  playing as all the other races for once was so cool . 
  geth was my fave . 
  i remember playing on hard for that fat cash reward . 
  the moment when allies start to fall like flies and you start running in laps to revive people everyone , always on the verge of dying , always mashing the camo button haha . 
  it felt so good to pull it of , way more rewarding and fair than wzff . 
  i always wanted to be a raider monster . 
  godi love this dlc so much . 
  i made a whole new character for nuka world . 
  so i wanted to conquer a new settlement for the gang and i wanted sanctuary . 
  i walk to preston for him to give me the quest to turn sanctuary into a settlement . 
  and he 's like : no !, 
  go away you dirty raider scum !, 
  `` i do n't remember his name ... 
  does n't matter , shut up . '', 
  my favourite line . 
  on a side note , can i visit him ? 
  i need a face to those epic stories . 
  dang dude , that 's clever, 
  what do you mean by `` restart '' ? 
  oh man , that is way too much trouble . 
  i 'll just hope for a fitting mod i guess . 
  you can never kill preston . 
  even after you finish the game, 
  it was a tough year, 
  i found harbor to be pretty tough . 
  but i 'm walking through nuka world like it is nothing . 
  i 'm not using anything modded either , even ramped up to hard difficulty . 
  running over people with power armor , then smash their head in with a baseball bat . 
  normal, 
  i want to add that it does hurt when i get hit in nuka world , but for some reason that does n't happen too often, 
  preston is a monster after all, 
  eh , was n't that creepy . 
  fallout had creepier . 
  like the witch museum . 
  would you mind telling me what it said ? 
  mass pike ?
