  no difference . 
  i 'm very happy to not live in the us right now . 
  did someone ever break your heart ? 
  if so , you know why people want to make sure that it does n't happen to their siblings too . 
  i do n't know , could be funny i guess, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaand , you 're dead . 
  should be firefight 's motto . 
  no arms, 
  alcohol on a college party, 
  pretty sure it 's due to weak servers and not a bug, 
  actually playing the game helps, 
  yeah but now they develope bullshit , so yeah . . 
  ok , this is why you do n't have any weapon skins : you get weapon skins from req packs , what you get in a req pack is determined by rng , every new permanent unlock let 's the req pool shrink meaning you will get something new next time . 
  you do n't have any weapon skins simply due to the fact that you are only level 42 , which is very low . 
  so your req pool is still huge . 
  meaning that there is so much other stuff in your req pool the game could give you instead of a weapon skin that it is simply doing exactly that . 
  play more and you will get your weapon skins . 
  there 's no way around it . 
  the game has to give 'em to you . 
  oh , and playing campaign does n't help you at all if you want a weapon skin , so i would suggest you stop playing that . 
  high skillgap , look at overwatch . 
  high skillgap as well , and even lower on the list . 
  thank you bravo , i wanted to have specific information about population for a long time . 
  because for a while there , i was playing the same people every day , and that actually frightened me . 
  correct, 
  i 've rocked that traveller a while ago myself, 
  burka has spoken , let it be heared all over the galaxy . 
  tried to buy it , shop told me req service was offline . 
  damn it . 
  still not sure if this is actually true but #whatever, 
  but bravados is 343, 
  also : best looking map, 
  the game is out for months now . 
  so many players complained about it , myself included . 
  notjing happened . 
  and nothing will happen . 
  it will stay like this . 
  a group of randoms vs a full champ team ? 
  why not ?!? 
  i do miss them but there 's a reason that they 're gone . 
  when does she release ? 
  what was it again ? 
  i 've used cry all the time but it never works . 
  is my game glitched or something ? 
  what ? 
  they never did more damage or anything, 
  it 's gone because 343 does n't want us to know the population numbers . 
  the only source for them we have is 343 themselves . 
  meaning they can say what ever they want . 
  i miss actually seeing players spartans in the menu or before loading up a game . 
  even h4 had better ui lol, 
  `` cheating on my ex was so much fun ! '', 
  been reading deadpool comics for years before he got that big with game , movie and all the hype . 
  i 'm glad he 's so big now though , i mean that movie lived up to it . 
  343 is a division of microsoft , so ultimatly , it does n't matter, 
  waaaay too crowded imo . 
  oh a forge hub contest , ca n't wait for them to change maps to make them win . 
  the more money involved the bigger the incentive . 
  `` roams alone '' is a uk based spartan who hosts halo custom game nights every now and then . 
  head over to b.net they organize it under #gaming, 
  bismarck to the german kaiser after germany and austria got wrecked on 2 fronts in ww1, 
  quit friendship, 
  lol sure , 1 presidential candidate is literally a criminal , the other one is a big baby that has no idea what he 's talking about fueled by angry white people . 
  fix your own problems first . 
  boris johnson + trump has to be a glorious combo . 
  do n't know what you 're trying to get at , i am refering to the 2v2 map contest where they changed a map that was disqualified due to lighting issues . 
  they even admitted doing it , there were a shitload of videos by the community explaining it . 
  are you part of the forge hub team by chance ? 
  edit : that was a 200 $ tournament , now it 's 1000 $ . 
  i read it when it was published and posted on this sub weeks ago, 
  it got changed and won due to the changes made . 
  i would be ok with it if it was just a competition for a matchmaking spot , but money was involved , they should 've payed more attention . 
  money was involved and umtimatly , it was still a fault on forge hubs part . 
  money was involved , you have to make sure things are going the right way . 
  crypt was n't that good of an infection map ... 
  i actually thought blackfriday to be the best when it comes to visuals, 
  this is a monster of a forge map . 
  gave me a very reach like feeling, 
  haha that was me !, 
  yeah it 's nice to see players enjoy and appreciate the time and work you put in , 
  there was hardly anything ` fixed ' . 
  they just moved the round objectives . 
  xbox `` jump in '' . 
  that was their catchphrase when h3 odst released, 
  just make sure to jump into warzone with a team . 
  go to halowaypoint and look for a company . 
  and make sure to act reasonable on the battlefield . 
  a base is way more important than a quick 25 points for some jackass boss that is very likely to kill you . 
  not trying to bash on a noob here , but just think a little . 
  too late lol . 
  i needed this last year when i was going for helioskrill , finished the shit , but did n't get my achievements . 
  actually no , look at the venator spartan 's underbelly . 
  definatly colored, 
  it looks amazing , thinking about getting a halo tattoo too , been thinking about it for a while, 
  excalibur by toastman, 
  it 's the angles , and warmaster clearly has green shoulders, 
  it 's not only the best map , it 's also the best map feature . 
  everything just fits so well , music , angles , pace . 
  and not a single wird was spoken . 
  that 's how you do it .
