  well , how 'd that go ? 
  play the darn thing before praising , it is n't even out yet . 
  no , everyone was excited . 
  stop bullshitting me, 
  thank you for displaying how immature you are by insulting me . 
  very classy discussion here . 
  but why is she watching interracial porn with her grandma, 
  just pointing out a plothole here, 
  he talked about his crowd size, 
  the bravest man on earth , kellyanne conway 's husband . 
  old dark souls duelists . 
  * never, 
  they 've gotten tired already . 
  they 're letting logic and decency win for once . 
  your arms in the first pic look so good . 
  play on console, 
  30 fps over no cheaters every time for me, 
  my steam download speed is very bad for some reason . 
  worse than my xbox and any other device i 've tried with my connection ( which is a rather powerful one ) . 
  not talking a little bit , we 're talking about a lot . 
  around 600 kbs . 
  i 've looked into various guides but i ca n't seem to find one that helps to solve my problem . 
  any suggestions ? 
  they 've gotten tired . 
  dialogue in the campaign was so bad, 
  yeah , apollyon was decent . 
  the berserker guy was kinda funny . 
  did n't hear too many jokes aside from that . 
  your edit man , put the fanboys in their places . 
  you can critique things you like , it will make the ` thing ' better in the long run . 
  only praise never helped anyone . 
  apollyon on real was annoying to say the least . 
  did it first try but man was it close . 
  everything stacked against you , and moves you 've never seen before . 
  and the fucking tracking on her running attacks , unreal i tell you . 
  yes , you need to start over upon death . 
  even during boss fights . 
  no pk is bullshit . 
  period . 
  `` this is harder than i thought ... it is obama 's fault , it has to be !, 
  but how ? '', 
  there 's therealdenaltrump . 
  he 's doing something more or less similar . 
  that small star next to the weapon name means it 's unique ? 
  that 'd be genius . 
  he 'd be celebrated throughout the country . 
  he also came from the west of germany . 
  where brothels are incedibly common . 
  sex tourism from belgium , france , netherlands is very common there . 
  shit , our fault again , huh ? 
  ya , i remeber the glorious rts days of halo 2 . 
  the intense uh . . br 1v1s . 
  and shit . 
  lol, 
  it 's not superb . 
  the reviews i 've seen are far from good . 
  around 7 . 
  pretty pathetic for a halo game . 
  7/10 is not a good score for a halo game , period . 
  it 's actually the worst rated one by now . 
  you 're out of your mind if you think that 7/10 is accetable . 
  we can move this discussion to my native language if you do n't mind . 
  please let it be the mode where we can play against esch other, 
  awww ... bummer, 
  why in the world is she even proposing this ? 
  do n't you have to manage a garbage fashion brand ? 
  he 's the little piggy . 
  and the whole world is the wolf blowing his papercrafted house down . 
  but trump ordered this himself . 
  this only proofs that there is something that would seriously harm him if brought to light . 
  you first mistake if you 're trying to hide something, 
  not for halo 5 though right ? 
  bullshit excuse right here, 
  * will congress care, 
  `` unlike everything we have ever seen before '', 
  i 'd be richer than trump if someone would 've handed be a buck everytime i read that in this sub . 
  morons , whom 's last desperate hope is that this big orange moron will make them magically rich by bringing tons of great jobs in ... for their unqualified asses , obviously . 
  why would you vote trump if you want healthcare ? 
  where 's the fucking logic here ? 
  they do n't know the sun rises in the east . 
  german media is more heated by this than us media lol . 
  from what my twitter feed says at least . 
  the emails ... 
  5-6 times i think, 
  sounds way too much like trump imo . 
  i get confused from time to time . 
  it 's getting awfully hard for me to tell if this is the administartion of the white house , or some girls in middle school planning their petty revenge . 
  nujabes is dead ?!, 
  best anime intro ever . 
  presswurst in black, 
  looks professional to me lol, 
  to everyone saying germany should fix it 's rape problem first :, 
  here are the stats . 
  the us experiences 3x as much rape crimes as germany . 
  the rates are 9 to 27 . meaning this is by percent . 
  the us has worse stats in almost every category . 
  i knew it . 
  makes me more qualified than trump . 
  sure , did n't take much , but what ever . 
  body too boring imo .
