  junkers : googled them . 
  no findings . 
  raider radio : no physical location . 
  gage : no additional lore aside the story he tells you . 
  raider factions : none of them have additional lore aside from their descriptions . 
  mags and her brother : grew up in diamond city and were , appearantly , members of the upper stands . 
  lizzie , how ever , convinced them to run away with her . 
  mason : googled him , no findings . 
  nisha : googled her , no findings . 
  evan : a player that passed away , brought back to life as an npc in nuka world . 
  the actual character does n't have any lore . 
  cito : parents were killed , as a child cito wandered the wastes by himself until he was found and raised by the ghoulrillas . 
  oswald : tried to find a cure for being a ghoul with his girlfriend . 
  she left though . 
  he does n't know what happened to her and simply tried to protect the ghouls since she left . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've been playing overwatch pretty much solo until this point . 
  i 've recently started playing ranked and found myself really enjoying myself . 
  now i wondered if anyone can recommend a good lfg site ? 
  please give me your suggestions . 
  i 'm a decent player , i should be able to get into groups based on my stats . 
  edit : i hope i got that name right . 
  i usually forge nothing but jump maps . 
  i love those maps myself and i tend to come up with very creative challenges . 
  anyways , there 's two things i 'd like to know :, 
  1 . is there a sub for parkour maps ? 
  2 . is anyone here willing to help me out with my new jump map testing it ? 
  it 's a wip right now . 
  i need people with various skill levels to help me test it to see if it 's too hard / too easy / etc. 
  i made one jump map that was played by rul on stream :, 
  it was my first one , my latest one is way more advanced with more complicated challenges . 
  just so you know what you 're dealing with . 
  anyways , my gt is enslayve now , not salt the woundz anymore . 
  hit me up if you 're willing to help . 
  you 'll get the details then . 
  so i ` ma complete noob when it comes to souls games . 
  me and my best friend recently started playing ds 3 together ( he 's a noob too ) and we are having so much fun . 
  anyways , now to my problem i could use some help with . 
  i 've tried google but i did n't find a good answer there tbh . 
  here we go :, 
  i farmed the black knight armor set , it 's complete now . 
  but my character is executing his rolls pretty wonky . 
  what do i need to level up to so that he can wear it properly like the standard knight armor ( he 's a knight and still wearing that . ), 
  thanks in advance guys !, 
  i have a lot of respect for people that beat these games lol . 
  so i 've tried to invade in ds 3 ( new to the game ) but i can only invade other players in anor londo . 
  now my question : why is that ?!, 
  there is literally no other place i can invade players in . 
  am i missing an item ? 
  do i need to up my stats ? 
  what is going on ? 
  also : why do i have to fight yhorm and dancer right after each other ? 
  i joined the rddt network during beta . 
  everything was going well , people invited me over the network and i joined . 
  it worked . 
  now , in the full game i was already in the network . 
  but i never receive any invites and people never join me when i invite people over it . 
  what 's the reason ? 
  is it just broken on xbox ? 
  do people not like me ? 
  is it working for my pc , ps4 co-pilots ? 
  i really want the network to work properly , i like the idea during beta . 
  i found this girl on xbox , she was suggested by the system for me due to me playing overwatch . 
  as trending content creator or what ever . 
  i watched her getting more followers each day . 
  so i asked myslef what this is all about . 
  `` mercy montage '' the title said . 
  this could be really cool . 
  an mlg montage with only her pistol . 
  i thought . 
  but no :, 
  since she 's getting more followers each day , are mercy res montages a thing now ? 
  picked up the game on sale , huge ds fan so i 'm enjoying it so far . 
  my only problem is the ridiculous framerate problem and the consistent lag even when i play solo . 
  this is on xbox and it 's driving me and my buddy insane . 
  has this been reported already , are the devs aware ? 
  please fix it , it 's holding the game back . 
  first of all , i do n't know if this is the place to ask them . 
  if not , simply downvote and tell me . 
  no problem . 
  ok let 's get right into it :, 
  there is this random dog following me around . 
  he does not attack and i ca n't tell him to go . 
  is this a bug ? 
  2 . feral ghoul hordes sometimes just spawn right behind me . 
  weirdly enough only around lexington . 
  3 . i ca n't kill vanilla companions . 
  i would n't do it , but they are turned into `` survivors '' and wo n't stop attacking . 
  my nights are incredibly dark , and i ca n't figure out why . 
  no mods installed . 
  this next one contains the spoiler . 
  please do n't go ahead unless you 're certain that you at least explored a majority of this mod . 
  i 'm pretty sure not too many players experienced this yet . 
  i 've gone insane and the infection keeps spreading . 
  it tells me to look for a doctor . 
  but diamond city 's doctor was just erased from the game . 
  vault 88 is not accesible . 
  this infection is making my life fairly hard , since cannibalism is the only thing that can still satisfy . 
  the only other doctors i can think of are in the dlcs . 
  but i was told the dlcs are not working good with frost .
