  just run from arrows , all i did . 
  i thought oceiros was pretty hard honestly, 
  this wo n't make me come back , just sayin ', 
  xbox unplayable for me, 
  french said there would something huge coming soon , said that last week i think, 
  my xbox literally said `` 1 % out of a fuckton of data '', 
  pc with xbox elite controller, 
  it 's located right in front of the first swamp bonfire, 
  ds pvp in a nutshell, 
  that 's every npc , pretty much, 
  it looks amazing , i 'll get a halo tattoo one day, 
  are ghouls supposed to spawn behind me at all times ? 
  makes it pretty hard to do pretty much anything, 
  it 's a shame really , hope they can fix all this, 
  his argument about the platforming in campaign is so out of touch holy shit . 
  # 1 . it 's honestly not that hard . 
  the specific mission he is talking about can be completed fairly easy by simply relaxing and looking where you have to jump . 
  # 2 . this is titanfall . 
  an fps famous for bringing platforming into the fps genre in generel . 
  # 3 . why not mix up the constant shooting with this ? 
  other fps really do lack additional gameplay hooks . 
  this one does not . 
  so why take it out ? 
  ultimatly , a fucking stupid point he made there . 
  can we not apply nose arts ? 
  feels bad, 
  used to love reaper , but was simply too bad with him . 
  i thought i lost my reap . 
  which i did n't since i climbed pretty high after i stopped using him . 
  it 's so awesome how 50 % of people are masked as soon as they start, 
  yes i started from a non frost save . 
  i had no idea that i had to use that other save simply due to the fact that i had not read the whole description of the mod . 
  my bad i guess . 
  i just heared a lot of good about it . 
  so i just installed and started . 
  anyways thanks for the heads up . 
  you 're the creator right ? 
  good work . 
  i hope there is more to come . 
  not sure how old that last update is . 
  i pured the last couple of days in so i did n't explore everything yet . 
  sure takes some time . 
  but i 'm having a lot of fun , feels like a new game . 
  i just found a power armor , i 'll be just fiiiiiiiine, 
  by the crazy robots on the ship , in vanilla , behind a gate . 
  novice hacking required . 
  pretty sure it 's not supposed to be there . 
  way too good . 
  already left the power armor in a safe place . 
  just needed it to pass a specific rad infested point on the red line, 
  does it only take a few new voice lines for warzone to bring you back to this game ? 
  if that 's the case , good for you , you 're saving money . 
  for others , that want more , 343 needs to deliver more . 
  i hope this is not everything . 
  race is all i want . 
  plat was seen as a low rank , which it is not supposed to be . 
  it 's supposed to be a decent rank . 
  what am i reading, 
  i like the hats, 
  thank you , i thought i finished that tbh, 
  no , i tend to do the same . 
  texting is just boring as shit, 
  what, 
  am i the only one that hates hawkwood just so much ? 
  that 's a downside to a story where literally everything is up to personal interpretation and personal preference . 
  we have to live with that . 
  ds stories are great and unique due to this . 
  do n't let this think lesser of them . 
  yes they run out of estus after around 3 . 
  but , there are some that do n't use estus at all . 
  might be the only one actually . 
  yeah that 'd be great but where is this coming from ? 
  just a random thought you had ? 
  or what ? 
  i mean it wo n't happen , i 'm 100 % sure of that . 
  how, 
  race is coming for sure , first landmines than the voice lines and now this . 
  this will make me come back to halo 5 . i love the vehicle physics . 
  how can one man lack so much skill, 
  what a madman you are, 
  pictures of me and my buddies in italy/austria dec/jan 2015/16, 
  i 'm listening ... 
  no it would suck . 
  christmas is everywhere already . 
  do n't need it on my super soldiers . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i find it fairly annoying . 
  i do n't know why the shit has to be everywhere . 
  keep it out of halo for fucks sake . 
  make an emblem , that 'll do . 
  you are 3 months in , hacked her fb , she is appearently cheating on you and you love her . 
  all that after 3 months . 
  not worth it, 
  ultra greatsword or gtfo, 
  sounds like birdemic 3 . 
  `` the crows , they know '' . 
  play halo then, 
  you 're not meant to understand the `` plot '' . 
  how terrible , i am sorry man . 
  best of luck for the future .
