  i just like it . 
  damn , why did i never think about this ? 
  wow . 
  that was way too much way too fast . 
  i would n't freak out , but i would be pretty confused . 
  especially if i 've never talked to you before . 
  a friend and me were once able to cause a total damage of 30.000 $ at our school when we were 6 graders . 
  well , no one caught us and we got away with it . 
  smoking and then sitting next to me on the deadpool movie and stinking like their 's no tomorrow . 
  yes , you ruined my evening even though the movie was great . 
  `` that chip 's voice is beautiful '', 
  i miss her too, 
  is your dad a lawyer ? 
  savage, 
  no dick pics yet . 
  the fuck, 
  damn , too late again, 
  on a snowy day : https://imgur.com/a/hfbsp, 
  when you done saving the galaxy, 
  my company was able to win against whiskey , pug , and spiteful 's noobs yesterday . 
  was an intense match , but it was such an awesome feeling giving them what they deserve . 
  kakashi was way better , deeper and well developed than naruto, 
  a few years back , when my friends and me had parties hosted by one of us like every weekend , it happened quite often that that one friend hosted one of these parties . 
  he lived in a small village on a mountain , surrounded by woods . 
  we were too young to have a designated driver , heck nobody had his license by that time ( guess the country ) , so we had to rely on a bus usually . 
  but the busses here stopped going back to our place pretty early , so early in fact that we were not willing to leave by the time the last came . 
  my bestfriend and me had a little workaround for this problem , there was a little trail leading through the forest back to our place , it took quite a while but what ever . 
  the only problem was that that trail was creepy as fuck . 
  we had weird feelings walking on it every time , but nothing ever happened before so we just kept using it . 
  so one particular night , that friend hosted his party again , still no license and stuff , bus gone , last option : forest trail . 
  usually , it would just be me and my best friend walking down there , no one has ever joined us before . 
  that particular time there was one guy joining us since he was living near us . 
  so it 's late at night and we leave the little village and head onto the trail . 
  we were walking for some time , everything was pitch black . 
  some bird noises here and there had already made us a little uncomfortable , but no big deal . 
  we eventually reach that crossing , where our trail crosses another one . 
  all of a sudden we all feel horribly uncomfortable . 
  i 'm usually not scared of anything since i was practicing martial arts for a long time already at that point . 
  but that feeling freaked me out . 
  i was freaked out even more after the little chat i had with my companions who said they were feeling the same . 
  now we 're standing there , on that fucking crossing , waiting for what ever , that feeling going away i guess . 
  no one moves , everyone listening , being aware of our surroundings . 
  we turn the lights on our cellphones on , shine into the pitch black night , trying to find the reason for our horrible feeling , still too scared to move . 
  but we find nothing . 
  suddenly we hear a loud scream . 
  it was a womans scream i recall , but not sure . 
  so we start running as fast as we can . 
  i looked at the newspapers and everything the next day to see if there are news about a murder case or what ever , but there was nothing . 
  we are all still scared of that trail to this day . 
  some time ago i had to use it to get home again , but i was a lone that time . 
  needless to say that i was nervous all the time . 
  i saved up a shitload or req points since i 'm already 144 . was able to buy them with my req points . 
  but i agree , overpriced af, 
  `` gameplay reveal '' wow . 
  the only thing i got from that trailer that i did n't already know was that there will be a red warden . 
  thanks 343 . appreciate the huge reveal of 50 seconds . 
  not to mention that half of it was footage we already saw . 
  damn , i would marry you for that suit, 
  halo 4 , simply because i played a shitload of mcc ( halo 4 ) before halo 5 came out to get the ol' sticks warmed up . 
  and it was too hard for me to change back to something else . 
  oh man , but well , what did we expect from ign . 
  serves us right i guess, 
  same , never understood why people were so apeshit about cqb, 
  i was effectef by this issue , gt : pilot dalamen, 
  tobias is queen mary, 
  sorry dude , the link did n't process while posting . 
  edited it in . 
  forgot to submit it , edited it in . 
  do n't know man , popped up on my twitter feed . 
  i killed myself so often with the scarab gun , but damn it 's powerful, 
  michael bluth ... 
  it kinda looks like the hunter helmet . 
  we have mark v alpha . 
  so why not call this the `` hunter bravo '' ? 
  ok , is this a joke or is that guy 's gamertag you hijack the banshee from really `` jackedagain '' ? 
  because i would quit life if that 's the case here . 
  edit : i 'm quitting, 
  blood , no i 'm not a vampire . 
  they would 've played it today if it would come out tomorrow . 
  that much is for sure, 
  # 1 rule : never ever look at a twitch chat . 
  it 's nothing but the sum of bullshit salty 13 year olds are able to come up with as a collective . 
  there 's a reason they are pulling their questions from twitter . 
  well , the scoreboard clearly shows that the unranked player did not have the same amount of skill the others had , i mean he is bottom of the scoreboard . 
  shoutout to the free kills i got in ffa, 
  the phantom elite gunner have to removed . 
  not only do they incredible damage , they 're also invincible . 
  this is amazing, 
  my mother 's oldest brother is 13 years older than her , same difference in age, 
  just follow `` the epidemic '' or `` forge labs '' on yt and look at the maps they feature . 
  and see for yourself . 
  gg microsoft , who in the right mindset would buy that ? 
  fury , arclight , scorch of fire those are pretty underrated imo . 
  very cool looks , honestly . 
  but it does n't look much like an infection map . 
  lol this is n't even bad . 
  i 've faced a full champion lobby as an unranked player in ffa . 
  it was my 6th ffa game ever . 
  is there no req reveal for memories of reach ? 
  that 's what i thought last week,
