  thank you, 
  for real though . 
  reaper might be the worst character right now . 
  worst offense for sure . 
  why take reaper when you can have roadhog ? 
  just screenshotted this . 
  thanks . 
  already did this . 
  pshh i need this to deliver the flower, 
  use thorns of agony and jonis blessing , maybe lifeblood heart as well . 
  that way yoi can just tank through the fight , + you will clear out the flying assholes everytime you get damaged . 
  spoiler wo n't open for me . 
  what boss are you talking about ? 
  ok opened it in the browser . 
  and i did not know that mr mushroom is a boss . 
  i thought i did beat all of them . 
  therefore i sadly ca n't help you . 
  do n't worry man . 
  i 've been there too . 
  the downward mushroom melee took me quite the while to figure out lol . 
  you get it from a boss in the bottom left ancient basin . 
  did you hit the npc in queen 's station ? 
  she seems to be suspicious as well . 
  i check up on her every once in a while to see if she got infected . 
  oh fuck , misread that . 
  is that really his rally ? 
  the steam award for this is called `` metamorphosis '' . 
  i 'm not sure if multiple individuals can take part in the process , but when they can , he might not have eaten them after all . 
  or he 's just a sick fuck . 
  probably sick fuck . 
  i strongly recommend these charms for the palace : hiveblood , grubsong , deepfocus . 
  you have literally as many trues as you want using these . 
  you can enter the abyss without the dream nail completion , but you ca n't finish the game without it . 
  so you need the kings brand to open the abyss , which is obtained in the far right corner of the kingdom 's edge after fighting a boss . 
  trump 's tweets are faster than his brain . 
  ca n't relate , sorry . 
  this game attracts souls players more than anything else . 
  did you see the sidebars of the webbrowser version ? 
  links to every single from soft game . 
  i 'll check the game out though , why not . 
  better not be an asset flip . 
  dude would be taller than shugoki lol, 
  resting grounds is pretty much unimportant . 
  cornifer 's wife will sell you the map later in the shop when you are unable to find it . 
  no , she 's a reference to an asian demon that steals your face when you show emotion towards her . 
  but since our character is unable to show emotion , ( source white lady ) nothing happens . 
  and she will always retreat after you hit her once . 
  she will also go apeshit as soon as you use dream nail on her . 
  well , her mind does . 
  otherwise , shit still wo n't happen . 
  deepnest has a lot of pointless npcs . 
  weaver = pointless, 
  maskmaker = pointless, 
  midwife = pointless, 
  yes , you need to keep him alive through out the story . 
  when you see him trapped , rescue him asap . 
  if you leave the area he will die . 
  coming back later to save him wo n't work . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  pointless in a gameplay kind of way . 
  no fight , no reward etc. 
  i know that they are important lorewise . 
  especially the weaver i found to be intriguing and intresting . 
  well , yeah . 
  i value my gameplay when playing a game . 
  you could say that . 
  exactly . 
  it 's an opinion . 
  so let me have it . 
  edit : and i know who these characters are . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  i think pvp in this game would work . 
  and i 'm fairly certain that melee enhancing builds would be the best . 
  quick slash , mark of pride etc. 
  dream nail would be used to invade . 
  yeah . 
  or like this : http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/avatar/images/0/00/koh.png/revision/latest?cb=20140124170917, 
  from avatar . 
  do n't forget the difficulty . 
  the hardest souls bosses are also always the optional ones . 
  nameless king for example . 
  yes , you need to have the king soul charm equipped . 
  after that you just drop down to the very bottom of the first abyss room . 
  you will see the entrance quickly . 
  i personally live by the 57 rules of the zote . 
  for real though : the hunter is probably my favourite . 
  she 's actually hostile towards you . 
  use dream nail, 
  what ?!, 
  this sub is fucking flooded with reposts . 
  one of the worst i 've ever seen actually . 
  one of the reasons i barely visit this place . 
  but color me unsuprised . 
  this sub has 15 million readers . 
  so that 's no wonder . 
  sadly , this does n't help our case . 
  what ?!, 
  pence memes about electrocuting and fighting gays are hot shit right now . 
  and they ban you for that ? 
  low brain energy !,
