  i 've said this one day after the game released . 
  shit 's worthless yo, 
  i said it in a previous thread already . 
  shit 's worthless yo, 
  you 're crushing the competition, 
  any kind of halo . 
  it 's something about that game that just does n't let me leave it . 
  ice cream served in a fucking sand castle bucket . 
  and they hand you a plastic shovel to eat it . 
  i hate you, 
  `` the '', 
  i know that zone . 
  i 'm overly precise with everything when in that . 
  it 's like a superpower, 
  meh , i 've seen worse, 
  if he would have interest , he would show it . 
  simple sentence that helped me a lot . 
  keep right on buddy . 
  i 'm pretty fit myself but it 's really inspiring to see fat people working out at the gym . 
  they 're trying to better their lives and i respect that . 
  i 'm so bad at running . 
  love working out , but running kills me . 
  hu\u00e4nsohn, 
  pretty much everything is similar . 
  the audience he has , the tactics he uses , his personality , and the time is actually pretty similar as well . 
  economics in the us are fucked up , they feel weak , not as strong as they used to . 
  the whole unemployment thing in the us is n't helping either . 
  it 's funny because german politicians back in the day had a similar experience . 
  they knew hitler was a threat , but they let him do his thing . 
  and by the time they started to stop his political campaign , he already had enough support to be elected . 
  hitler and trump have sooo many similarities , it 's scary . 
  you should n't be . 
  i 've seen another entry today , for the same title , and it was waaaaaaay worse . 
  huge theme park in orlando fl . 
  it was about marvel . 
  please post your experience in / r/nosleep, 
  redneck version ( german rednecks ), 
  na , southpark, 
  i would like to join, 
  mr fruit and papa franku, 
  damn , these headhunter episodes were soooo cool, 
  supernatural , it just got stupid at like season 8 . all this angel bullshit, 
  ghost rider, 
  my mom used to beat me when i was in elementary school everytime my grades were n't too good . 
  i told my teacher about it , we were visited by someone from the government shortly after . 
  he did n't find anything suspicious and my mom never touched me afterwards . 
  thank you mrs scholl . 
  and fuck you dad for not doing shit . 
  edit : thank you all for your kind words , and i 'm truly sorry to hear that so many of you had to go through the same shit . 
  i hope it got better and you were n't damaged too much in the long run . 
  bragging about how muscular you are . 
  i 'm in the gym very often and no one likes that guy who poses in front of the mirror all day . 
  no , i know my dad . 
  it was anything but that . 
  maybe he just did n't care enough . 
  because he is still pretty dominant today . 
  no idea what was wrong with him that time . 
  yeah do n't worry i 'm fine . 
  it really did stop after we got that visit . 
  but i grew up to become someone who gets pretty violent at times and i had a phase where i started to fight everytime i drank too much . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's because of her treating me like that way too early . 
  but that 's over as well , luckily . 
  my father did n't try to defend her or anything . 
  i 'm honestly convinced he simply did n't care . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that buddy . 
  and it 's sad that this happened to you . 
  did it damage you in the long run ? 
  it damaged me to be honest . 
  even though it stopped when i was about 9 years old . 
  thank you, 
  it 's really funny to me how they leave everything behind for an imagination that 's based on nothing but pure rumors . 
  and then they get angry when europe is n't like that . 
  these people honestly think they will be given everything ? 
  that european countries have unlimited resources to hand out huge houses to everyone ? 
  these people need to stop kidding themselves . 
  it honestly is nothing but nonsense . 
  i live near a refugee camp . 
  and it 's not pretty . 
  it 's an old gym that now has containers and a huge metalfence around it . 
  what you say is only partly correct . 
  i mean yes , they did get apartments and some money . 
  but what they got in the beginning and what the rumors back in these countries still claim you would still get here as a migrant is a night and day difference . 
  especially these smugglers are claiming that people here would get huge houses to live in . 
  not only apartments but houses . 
  huge ones , in fact . 
  and i simply ca n't understand how people are able to believe such fairy tales . 
  how naive can a single person be . 
  europe is n't paradise . 
  that 's a glitch , it happened to me a couple of times in fortress and once on noctus under a garage . 
  you will be spawned there and once in there means no escape . 
  you have to either kill yourself or jump into a spawning vehicle to get out . 
  that 's how i did it . 
  warthog spawned , i jumped into passenger seat and got out . 
  iraq 's internet access could be blocked somewhat , like china 's . 
  no idea why they do n't though , if my first suggestion is n't true , that is . 
  my exact thought , 2 minutes would 've been fast though . 
  my complete skillset of `` how to react to certain things '' comes from gaming . 
  halo mainly , due to the huge skillgap and variety of different weapons that can be countered differently . 
  i love the taste of blood . 
  but i never live it out in any way .
