  get behind it, 
  our king, 
  bullshit ahead , try pulling plug, 
  fuck off , ruin sentinels are awesome, 
  stefan karl could be german too , thing is , karl is a very rare german surname . 
  just farm the gru 's . 
  i 'm pretty good at pvp , but i was never summoned . 
  so i took that route , for a different , but it was the same route . 
  one can only hope it was locke who received that punch, 
  that 's hentai, 
  could not have said it better myself friend, 
  this death will be more painful to me than maybe any other public personality . 
  he is the one and only number one . 
  fuck you jensen, 
  i had just a little bit more health after i beat him the first time . 
  guess he 's a worthy send off then . 
  i agree , there are some combos in the game that make him literally a must pick for any boss fight . 
  two days ? 
  you mean two minutes . 
  thing is , developing a brand new character that is not in the game yet takes 10x longer than just putting a new shirt on reyna . 
  that 's why we see so many joke characters . 
  maaan hollow knight is so amazing . 
  i ca n't believe so few people know about it !, 
  thank you for supporting the devs . 
  and how in the fuck are we supposed to keep up ? 
  no offense but i played overwatch on that free weekend on my pc with my elite controller and quite honestly , i could n't keep up . 
  they just hit me too often . 
  what do you mean . 
  he ever stopped doing that ? 
  bf1 did the same stupid shit . 
  i also heard somewhere that you can play as a woman ? 
  that would be just as wrong and stupid . 
  no way to get any event characters out of their designated event time . 
  but they will return at some point . 
  just got ta pay attention as to when they 're back . 
  i 'm bumped out by this for the same reason , could n't play for palace guard and carmines . 
  sucks man . 
  yeah , that 's kinda obvious , but quite frankly . 
  they can fuck right off . 
  shit man , he is actually beautiful , even with that boatload of ridiculous make up, 
  it 's the other way ` round, 
  ... did finale get nerfed ... ? 
  music killed this for me, 
  ok , these are things one does not joke about my friend, 
  oh my god , i missed them last time ... clayton ... at last, 
  no , best of luck to you sir, 
  european politics are very different from american politics . 
  a german president got impeached not too long ago because someone paid for his vacation, 
  but can you make it dance ? 
  where 's the next bonfire, 
  someone else summed it up pretty good , but i want to stress 2 things in paticular . 
  the entire atmosphere is very souls-like . 
  which you might 've noticed if you visited dirtmouth already . 
  and it stays like this . 
  another thing is the difficulty . 
  the main bosses are all pretty easy . 
  sure you will die , but nothing too crazy here . 
  the optional bosses are where it 's at . 
  these will kick your ass my friend . 
  now they just want to piss us off . 
  do n't fall for it . 
  yeah , came to that conclusion as well, 
  that 's just gears blindfire pvp, 
  clayton has the lowest drop rate for sure . 
  i 've gotten ben 4x and anthony 2x . 
  it 's bs . 
  they are all legendary . 
  they should all have the same drop rate, 
  this is what god tier looks like, 
  yeah , does n't look very girly at all, 
  8 , would be a 9 if you had given more pics, 
  8 , at least . 
  you 're also younger looking than 25 . especially in the first pic . 
  oh the mantis lords . 
  such a memorable experience . 
  they remind me a lot of the sangheli . 
  except that the sangheli are n't as honorable . 
  i meant it in a positive way , but i guess that 's your decision, 
  yeah same here . 
  got ben around 6 or 7 times and anthony 4 times . 
  0 clayton, 
  ark is honestly even worse than fucking dayz . 
  selling dlc for an early access game defeats the porpuse of early access entirely . 
  everything you work on while your game is in early access is something the customer already bought . 
  positive, 
  those shut up at some point, 
  either merkel or putin . 
  but i 'd go with merkel since putin revealed all of his cards by just trying to hack literally everything as of late . 
  no man . 
  kill la kill is one of the worst when it comes to nudity . 
  i 'm also someone who gets annoyed by unnecessary fan service all the time , and kill la kill is very similar to high school of the dead . 
  where it 's literally shoved in one 's face, 
  he has stage 4 cancer ... can this even help anymore ? 
  that 's not being depressed , that 's being emotional . 
  no , that 's not a big nose . 
  far from it . 
  you 're good looking, 
  btw , who are these annoying characters bottom right ? 
  i 'm good at dps but i too have to play support every match because nobody else does . 
  understandable , have a nice day,
