  just join the reddit network in game until the discord is a thing . 
  yes long range , i do n't think it does that honestly . 
  i 'll look into it though . 
  i do n't really understand your map concerns but what ever . 
  just know that there are bigger and smaller maps . 
  yes i do, 
  there 's a bug where people use nuclear eject . 
  i 'm expecting a hotfix soon . 
  `` ok , this is how we do it . 
  mike did you copy the thread already ? '', 
  you really think blizzard does n't know how to market ? 
  they fucked all this up on purpose . 
  not by accident . 
  i 'm in there but i never get network invites :(, 
  same, 
  phaseshift baby , they ca n't hit you if you 're not existing . 
  yo it 's all about that placebo dude . 
  he has to pretend to be drunk af the whole time . 
  he wo n't be able to shit talk otherwise . 
  this is all canon . 
  what ? 
  i 've never seen this guy review anything positive . 
  g. sager cheats by using speed boost . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of his raging is acted , maybe was n't in the beginning but by now it probably is . 
  he just rages about everything , mostly about dumbass shit i do n't ever hear anyone else complain about . 
  day 7 : they still did n't notice my red lights , outline or my ability to move in the dropship . 
  not sure if they are blind or just stupid . 
  probably the reason they lost . 
  i miss you blisk . 
  i did n't even see this . 
  i kicked him iff the platform right away, 
  this is what you were born foooorrrr, 
  * throws arms in the air *, 
  i love how she opens up her eyes wide upon seeing the majestic swarm of rockets in the sky . 
  no i did n't know that lol , looks like a girl, 
  my legion is 5.7, 
  either angel city elite or apex , mostly apex, 
  that is impressive my fellow pilot . 
  one question if you do n't mind : do you get an xp multiplier for each gen like in tf1 ? 
  i 'm g. 25 and did n't notice anything yet . 
  i know it 's only 2nd gen but still . 
  yeah i feel you . 
  northstar is pretty bad . 
  i 'm g. 2.25 and i have been killed by northstar like once or twice . 
  i can easily outdamage her at range as legion . 
  source ? 
  i think it 's reasonable . 
  it prevents you from calling down your titan in enemy controlled territory . 
  that 's weird . 
  it only gives me the number of players in that playlist . 
  and it only does that upon searching for a match . 
  so that there 's not much time to look at them . 
  yeah i want reach customization for my pilot . 
  color is not enough . 
  that sucks, 
  because minigun, 
  it was , but right now with only getting farmed in warzone and only ever playing higher people in arena due to lacking population ? 
  oh i guess broken firefight is fun . 
  but not as a beginner , you need a shitload of good vehicles to even stand a chance . 
  it 's both garbage , cloak and map hack . 
  but map hack is worse, 
  first things first :, 
  this game has a very high ttk when it comes to the titans . 
  higher ttk means more skill involved . 
  cod is well a game with the lowest ttk , in fact , cod is the game that pretty much invented the low ttk trend . 
  with that being said : pilots have a very low ttk , just like soldiers ( or what ever they 're called ) in cod . 
  so there 's two things you need to understand before you can get better at this game :, 
  learn to out play your titan opponents using your abilities . 
  example : you are in a ronin rushing a legion , you get shots off , he 's damaged . 
  but he runs around a corner . 
  you chase him , turn the corner . 
  but you catch a shotgun blast with you face followed by a relentless stream of bullets . 
  you dash backwards . 
  but oh shit he switches to long range and just finishes you with a sniper shot . 
  you 've been outplayed . 
  it 's like a cranked up chess . 
  and if you ca n't win in a situation ? 
  just run away , use one of your other figures on the field . 
  run towards a teammate . 
  forget the whole spawn prediction thing . 
  maps are huge , predicting spawns is very hard . 
  and even if you are able to predict a spawn , a skilled player will be at the other side of the map in the blink of an eye because he chains wallruns and uses stimp or hook . 
  some additional tips :, 
  movement is key . 
  start to think out of the box to get around efficiently . 
  try to get your titan asap . 
  kill grunts n shit if you ca n't kill or find pilots , who cares . 
  a titan is a titan . 
  know what the enemy titans can do . 
  challenging a scorch in a tight spot as northstar is a stupid idea . 
  did the goose shit before the patch , oh i was so proud . 
  ate you not afraid ? 
  i only ever use legion, 
  pilot vs pilot gunfights are ver similar to cod . 
  why not change ? 
  i welcome every cod player with a warm hug in my network . 
  why not change to tf eh ? 
  pilot vs pilot gunfights are very similar to cod anyways, 
  smart pistol is not a loadout weapon anymore, 
  i 'm glad you like it,
