  good job though . 
  breaking neeeeews everyone !!!!!!, 
  mcc still broken as fuck !, 
  dev not doing jackshit to fix a product some people paid 60 bucks for ( like me lol , fuck me right ?!, 
  ca n't wait for the matis to lose against a grunt, 
  i want to participate . 
  i actually think that halo 5 has the best warthog steering yet . 
  i need to race with them . 
  he 's talking about charged up , river of light does not do that, 
  multiple non-charged up rounds . 
  the way you think of it would be op as shit, 
  just saw the eg ones in game , figured they needed a little boost by 343 dur to looking like garbage in-game . 
  every single atom is equal to the size of the entire universe . 
  that was proven last week . 
  think about that . 
  i 'll be a teacher soon , i want to be like your so . 
  when people ask you where your so is at a family reunion . 
  and they know you do n't have one because you 're ugly . 
  they just want to destroy that last bit of self value you can see whilst glaring into the mirror . 
  french revolution, 
  at least you 're honest about not being special, 
  are you pissed yet , reddit ? 
  went hiking in the alps at night without any gear , experience , or anything that would justify climbing a snowy mountain without seeing shit . 
  we almost died up there , but it was an adventure . 
  i do n't know if i regret it or not . 
  probably not since i 'm still alive . 
  your expectations when going on a date are very high i guess ? 
  ask this on facebook , people might be stupid enough to answer . 
  never thought people would like german songs of any kind, 
  oh shit , i hope reddit does n't find out, 
  or terretories, 
  his newest video is pretty good as well, 
  we will never get those black undersuits . 
  and i do n't know why . 
  it really is n't a big deal, 
  she 's actually right . 
  i did this once, 
  she freaked the fuck out , obviously . 
  she was sitting right next to me in art class . 
  after i dropped that on her she packed her stuff and moved towards the exact other side of the room . 
  she kept calling me drunk and broke up with her bf so we could be together . 
  thankfully she found a new bf , i just hope she wo n't break up with him due to me too . 
  `` super carrier to wraith platoon : the spartans called banshee 's in '', 
  `` wraith platoon to super carrier : lol '', 
  it was n't on purpose really , i really had a new phone and did n't know she was in love with me when she confessed, 
  yeah but you see , halo 3 's playerbase had like waaay more players , which means it was able to match you like that . 
  halo 5 is a ghost town meaning you can only match full teams on specific times of the day . 
  i 'm actually pissed due to this . 
  i loved breakout, 
  doubles ranked is a joke , friend and me won 9/10 sweaty ass matches and get ranked platnum . 
  what the hell ? 
  i usually get ranked high diamond after the placements . 
  and he 's getting ranked even higher, 
  the warden blackhole is such bs, 
  how dare you think such a weak weapon would even do damage to a mighty knight !, 
  oh man i was actually excited about the new skins . 
  now they 're just some stupid olympic skins . 
  they are in the german xbox store , i saw them, 
  no , i choose to get angry, 
  look , i know that sub reddits always want to stay true to their purpose , founders , passions . 
  but in this case , it was confirmed very clear by several sources across several countries that these items can not be bought with currency . 
  which is bs, 
  i share your opinion . 
  i was excited for new skins . 
  turns out they are sport skins . 
  pretty dissapointed . 
  was looking forward to new creative head turning skins . 
  these are , well , underwhelming, 
  not saying those skins are dissapointing ... 
  but they are dissapointing, 
  it plays awful, 
  damn this took ages to go through . 
  but god damn i loved rating those !, 
  thanks op . 
  awwwwwww yiiiiiiissssssssssss, 
  seeker looks like someone mounted two huge speakers to an already ugly helmet, 
  almost intimidating, 
  new mombasa flashbacks, 
  i won 9/10 and got ranked platinum, 
  there has to be a small team at blizzard just making up these fucking riddles for character teases, 
  could someone post the link to the discord ? 
  thanks man, 
  yeah ranking systems seem to be broken on video games nowadays , halo 5 will pair you and randoms against a full champion squad ( champ is top 200 ) . 
  spoiler alert : they wo n't fix anything, 
  ca n't wait for the answer, 
  i 'm down i guess, 
  sure , just message me when you need me, 
  he was `` erased '', 
  the funny part is that enemy players ca n't hijack it when it 's upside down like that, 
  not really sure what the difference is lol . 
  they 360 no scope you with a beam rifle or they 360 no scope you with a binary rifle . 
  it 's pretty much the same i guess . 
  no , he will be stuck there until someone blows him up or he leaves the banshee . 
  i actually do n't want a piece of dat ass due to that nose, 
  there 's a special place in hell for people that do that, 
  get me a classic paperbag and i might, 
  i was n't even able to find a match, 
  matchmaking rank, 
  the opposite is the case, 
  i actually had this opinion since launch .
