  game 's not stupid it appears, 
  good luck, 
  there 's some porn i just searched for to see if there 's actually people fucked up enough to go through with it . 
  the idea of them needing money so badly to let a horse fuck them really amazes me at times . 
  secret maggot meta dude . 
  that maggot weapon art is just next level . 
  that does not count as body pic friendo . 
  ca n't see anything but your legs . 
  i 'm glad i downloaded this mod that fixes most pc issues , full screen especially . 
  the devs do n't seem like they really want to do shit for their weird performing game , real shame . 
  sure you 're only 20 ? 
  just look for it on kotaku . 
  there 's a link + a guide on how to use . 
  the ancient saying `` you ca n't make this shit up '' applies here . 
  i 'm even more amazed by his ability to see everything and everyone as threat or opponent . 
  living in trumps world where nothing is ever your fault , and everything is somehow rigged against you must be frightening . 
  this man goes to sleep in fear every day , surrounded by enemies he himself created . 
  met a guy called silvius snow white . 
  dude had white hair and was pretty small . 
  but i do n't think he was an albino . 
  just natural white hair and fitting name . 
  it appears ` expert ' might be all talk after all . 
  nothing pointing towards impeachment right now . 
  ca n't believe this happened . 
  the three spirit bushes never lied to me before . 
  still half naked in my books, 
  why would they need nipples ? 
  they mention modeling androids after the human shape was important . 
  so breasts in general need to be there , since they complete the human shape when looking at them with gear on . 
  nipples how ever are not needed since they are below clothing anyway . 
  which means they do not count towards human shape with gear on . 
  that would be my explanation for breasts being there and nipples not . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  never noticed those lol, 
  you can play on easy without cheats , tried that ? 
  they could also hold additional machine guns, 
  these conversations tend to go out of control most of the time . 
  no i do n't want to know how many people wake up when you and your gf do it , thanks . 
  he invited him as part of the deal they made over trumps new skyscraper in the phillipines . 
  not due to adapting his crazy ass drug policy . 
  just do n't stress it man . 
  nothing wrong with playing on easy . 
  did you play on ps4 ? 
  because i ca n't find it on steam . 
  do we even get it today ? 
  i 'm waiting for info too . 
  just changed my review to negative because of this . 
  might change it back when the patch comes . 
  if it comes ... 
  it 's honestly bullshit . 
  the enemies are the biggest sponges you 've ever seen and you die in one hit no matter the difficulty . 
  do n't buy this dlc for this ` ultimate challenge ' . 
  it may be a challenge , but it 's a lazy ass one . 
  i might not have explained the the amount of health these guys have properly . 
  you have a 60 minute timer for 10 enemies . 
  that 's how spongey they are . 
  and i thought 14 was rough . 
  but 20 is a joke . 
  yeah tank just killed me as well . 
  i do n't think you get anything . 
  i already obtained every promised object from the dlc description . 
  ceo mask, 
  witcher hearts of stone, 
  your face is kinda weird, 
  not enough pictures . 
  also only one angle, 
  that 's pretty cool , thanks for the input, 
  standing with 30 people in the showers you know they squeezed around 300 in never loses it 's grip on you . 
  there is also this other section which is just a small courtyard with thick walls around it . 
  they used this to single off one or two and just kick their heads in . 
  you could see the parts of the walls being brittle from all the heads that were smashed in there . 
  i agree , the fight itself really feels amazing at times and he 's produced really really well . 
  but the dealbreaker was the lock on and camera just fucking me up so much . 
  i lock on - he turns really fast - lock on cancels - he spits fire in my back because shield is facing the wrong way due to lock on cancel - i take massive damage . 
  edit : demon prince is not optional, 
  i think he 's talking about demon prince , but this will suffice . 
  how did you beat that tank ? 
  everytime i go melee i get hit by a bullet , and guess what ? 
  i 'm dead, 
  yeah i 've seen these in the gestapo prison ( gestapo = hitlers secret police ) . 
  and the rooms were filled up with these . 
  thing is these rooms were fucking tiny , calling it a room is an exaggeration already . 
  i dropped my sign , summon me anytime < 3, 
  alright thanks . 
  but the problem if getting hit by the bullets whilst doing melee damage persists . 
  how 'd you do that ? 
  i wish they would ask questions similar to what we saw from the german journalists . 
  referring to when merkel was in the us and ivanka in germany . 
  thanks for the last edit , really made my day man , 
  not sure what a blah is but i would not associate it with you . 
  your nose is a little long but whatever , you lips are gorgeous and your face is just generally pretty . 
  but smiling in pictures helps , also no body pic . 
  do n't worry about it, 
  i can cast that after reskilling . 
  i can try , do you have a mic ? 
  fucked sirris up again , even after reading the wiki . 
  good luck, 
  no , these mmorpg projects with otherwise successful games almost never work . 
  star wars online was shit and elder scrolls was shit . 
  and by shit i mean it was widely different to the original experience .
