  my mother had 5 of her children die in the first week in the years before i made it through . 
  she told me she would 've commited suicide if i would n't have made it . 
  not exactly sure why i am telling you that but what ever . 
  stay strong man . 
  he looks like old longfellow from fallout, 
  yelled for classic recon since h5 release lol . 
  so close now, 
  captain oblivious, 
  i always hated you , alpha, 
  shhhh , do n't you say that ... 
  that 's pretty good man . 
  hope it 'll be on apple music soon . 
  always a big thriller to find something awesome here and then try to find it on there . 
  i can already see full 12 man wz farm groups where everyone has that fucking pose, 
  no black undersuits and no reasoning behind it, 
  i have soundcloud , it 's just that i can download music over apple music, 
  will there be race matchmaking ? 
  pilot , your lydia is ready, 
  biggest bullshit 2016 , so often did this shit kill me, 
  for everyone in europe : around 4-6 pm usually, 
  yeah , normal visor , and a round head to deflect projectiles . 
  simple but effective, 
  vip might actually be possible with the `` leader '' option in forge, 
  just played this . 
  so fucking crazy, 
  i 'm running a lot of fat kid everytime i can, 
  spent about 2 hours trying to replicate myself, 
  yes it is possible . 
  the concept was proven to work over on r/halo, 
  thank you, 
  forgers all main genji confirmed ? 
  act man will great me at the gates of hell . 
  every video i 'm like : ok now he 's done pulling criticism out of his ass . 
  nope , now he 's criticizing the higher pitched grunt voices in halo 5 and how it is literally ruining the game . 
  that was an example about how some of your criticism seems random and honestly : sometimes i think you are giving your very best to just criticize something . 
  was about to just say exactly that . 
  sadly , this does n't count . 
  are you feeling it now , rest of the world ? 
  bethesda rpg npcs are in desperate need of an armor recognition mechanic . 
  best moment is when that girl in whiterun tells you how you do n't look dangerous . 
  whilst wearing full daedra set, 
  what, 
  yeah but it 's only faction armor , and the only `` reaction '' they have is either shoot you , or not shoot you . 
  we need more !, 
  probably the hardest , imo . 
  some might argue lvl152 emblem is the hardest . 
  but you just have to play for that . 
  this one takes skill , imagination and a whole lot of luck and good connections . 
  oh , and btw . 
  mr pokephile got this for running his yt channel . 
  i know he has maps in rotation now , but he did not when he received this emblem . 
  edit : forgot the 343 exclusive emblems . 
  but they do n't really count . 
  i mean , who would go as far as to try and get a job at 343 for an emblem . 
  no phantom gunners does n't mean it 's patched . 
  they simply do n't appear sometimes . 
  that melee skull needs to go though , not sure of the english name rn , so i 'll simply avoid trying to use it . 
  pretty sure reddit wo n't last that long . 
  yeah i adore this place , i 'm having a lof of fun here . 
  but that 's what i said about facebook 10 years ago too . 
  now look at what a shitshow that became . 
  i had very bad experiences with step ins, 
  i 'm not sure if i should ask for the creators gt so i can report him . 
  would you give me the map name so i can report it ? 
  reporting only the map would be appropriate i guess . 
  i 'm german and the word fuhr does n't exist . 
  i mean it does exist , but it does n't make any sense in that context . 
  fuhr = past tense of to drive . 
  yeah , they simply fucked up the word, 
  it does n't matter how it looks at that grade of rarerity, 
  honestly the only thing i do n't like about it . 
  they get more power . 
  no , pretty sure it 's not your look . 
  what are your hobbies ? 
  expansion or dlc ? 
  or update ? 
  where were you when they realised mcc was broken as shit ? 
  he 's overwatch 's deadpool, 
  you not only look better but you also gain a lot of self esteem, 
  i do n't know , this game is pretty dead . 
  severe issues are running rampant on consoles and we did n't hear shit from the devs about it yet . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  in conslusion : why would we see new characters if we do n't even get a performance patch ? 
  you ca n't get past the 5th level on console because of severe frame drops for fucks sake . 
  also , where did you here those rumors ? 
  is there like a community for this game somewhere ? 
  you surely did n't read it in this sub . 
  people only post lfgs and pls patch threads here , because no matchmaking ( y tho ) and , again , frame drops . 
  never been here on pc yet , only mobile . 
  so i did n't know about the discord . 
  not in warzone baby, 
  it 's a homing rocket turret from halo 3 . 
  it fucks your ass, 
  immersion is a big part about games . 
  so , uhhh , graphics actually do matter quite a bit . 
  ca n't get immersed in some ugly ass shit . 
  when does this game release again ? 
  not sure what destiny you are referring to , but the game is so for away from being beginners friendly as possible . 
  the best part , raid , is n't even playable without endgame gear and a good 6 man fireteam . 
  what is beginner friendly about that ?
