  is awesome, 
  thank you . 
  this wo n't get me a relationship but it helped . 
  i hate beating around the bush and texting countless hours . 
  people tend to see me as ignorant and violent . 
  which i honestly do n't understand . 
  maybe the violence part since i 'm a boxer . 
  but the ignorance part ? 
  i do n't get that, 
  yes , but they also claim that it has been like that for a while . 
  and that every major revolution on earth was forced by reptiles while they were trying to gain control over said gouvernment . 
  it 's really weird, 
  `` mom people on the internet are insulting you '', 
  dangerous pussy incident 's, 
  my ex got mad at me when i crushed my friends on halo reach at a party . 
  it was a 3 vs 1 slayer and i won 25-0 . 
  and she ruined it . 
  still no idea why she got mad . 
  her reason did n't make any sense . 
  i feel you . 
  my school shoved that stuff down our throats 13 years long . 
  every second day . 
  they called it `` prevention work '' . 
  bitch i do n't need that . 
  i know that commiting genocide is n't something you should do . 
  i came home from a house party . 
  sat down in a chair and started eating something before going to bed . 
  browsed twitter and learned that over 100 humans were murdered in paris while i was having a good time . 
  i was drunk and cried . 
  paris is n't far away too . 
  i 'm a snowboarder , been one for a while . 
  me and my freinds had the amazing idea to climb the mountains at night . 
  without any equipment . 
  long story short : the trail ended and we had no idea where we were , it was pitch black . 
  we started climbing down off track . 
  we made it back , but it was frightening and very dangerous . 
  we thought that losing our lives here was a possibility . 
  had a girl do this last week . 
  i like her but damn this is so annoying . 
  especially when i never ever talk about my ex . 
  i 'm on xbox :\\ but i hope you found some guys to play with . 
  a tip : just keep playing and you 'll find enough people . 
  trust me , 
  halo ce is over 10 years old . 
  anyone ? 
  the smell and taste of blood , and i do n't know why . 
  it actually scares me a bit . 
  i know that feeling . 
  it 's one good lesson being spoiled teaches you . 
  it 's in the german version too, 
  my father told me that there 's always 2 sides to every story , and to always look at both , and to never come to conclusion too fast . 
  it has served me well and is now a part of my personality . 
  i hope i can build onto it . 
  did you just marry a bottle of beer ? 
  i do n't think it 's that meh to be honest, 
  yeah , the old one looked a little wonky . 
  this looks much better . 
  the face in particular, 
  did n't you pay attention ? 
  what was her job ? 
  do you know that by chance ? 
  you 're nothing special , i 'm sorry, 
  i 'd say the new xcom 's, 
  ok , i had a suggestion here . 
  but it still does n't make any sense . 
  you see , there are some jobs you could lose if you get too many tickets . 
  this could 've been the final one which would explain your situation to an extent , at least . 
  but data entr is not one of those jobs . 
  my sense of humor, 
  is mayonnaise an instrument ? 
  that there 's always two sides to every story, 
  this is a very boring thread, 
  chinese people are incredibly racist towards europeans for reasons that i do n't seem to be understanding . 
  i was on holiday in hong kong a couple of times . 
  the worst i 've experienced there was that people just flat out denied to take our orders in restaurants . 
  but that 's it . 
  nothing too bad , honestly . 
  but we traveled to the real china one day . 
  and oh boy let me tell you , i 've never felt so judged and watched my whole entire life . 
  people looked at us the whole day . 
  we were turning heads . 
  but not in a good way . 
  i think some people even laughed at us . 
  it was horrible . 
  hey :( please stop stomping my favourite character !, 
  he 's just too badass for y' all . 
  wait i 'll need my tinfoil head to read this, 
  and can you all stop posting about this ? 
  literally the most posted question here . 
  i just noticed that the wz firefight picture shows them playing on tidal . 
  does that mean we can forge firefight ? 
  i know it has nothing to do with 1916 but there 's something else that has n't changed in a long time . 
  which would be the sitcom laughs . 
  they were all recorded during the 50 's . 
  those are still used today . 
  so you are literally hearing dead people laugh while watching any sitcom . 
  i painted my snowboard helmet myself in a samurai theme . 
  my dad told me it 's a special thing to own , and that i should never ever give it away . 
  i do n't understand that slav sub . 
  it does n't make sense,
