  i 'm playing through the game with my 5th one right now . 
  so yeah , i guess mods helped the experience . 
  took me a while back in the day when i played f3 for the first time . 
  i remember thinking stuff like : caps as currency ? 
  well that 's stupid . 
  why do n't we just trade shit ? 
  i understood pretty quick that such a trading system would be waaay too complicated . 
  so caps it is . 
  i honestly did n't care from that point on . 
  yes , there 's a mod that turns the game i to the xcom strategy game . 
  you can also play as a deathclaw . 
  it 's still early alpha i believe . 
  so none of those you found should be the right one . 
  not his fault honestly, 
  you missed out on some pretty hilarious glitches, 
  the skins i 've seen in trailers up to this point look reasonable tbh . 
  i 'm not too worried, 
  i can already see the arg, 
  not sure honestly , did n't try it out . 
  but it had a 5 star rating . 
  which is a good indicator usually, 
  a wasp is easily gunned down by 2 guys coordinating their shots using br 's . 
  which is n't hard considering br is a loadout weapon in btb . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i answered with the worst questions possible . 
  the guy still got me in . 
  i killed him after he gave me shit for blowing up the institute . 
  does it fix the game ? 
  thank you  will look into leveling that now, 
  nice , thank you, 
  oh trump , how is you able to always dissapoint me ? 
  on a serious note : fuck that guy . 
  he obviously did have a pretty rough life up to that point . 
  i was leader of a pretty big spartan company ( halo 5 btw ) . 
  we had a couple of girls in there and some were very good players . 
  anyways . 
  this one girl was getting harassed by another member i was pretty close with . 
  i found out and gave him shit for that . 
  threatened to kick his ass , so he stopped the damn stupid jokes . 
  soo , i just want to say that to report those dicks is definatly the way to go people . 
  it 's the only way to actually make those asshats understand that this shit is no joke . 
  luckily xbox live does actually have a very good and responsive observation team for the reports . 
  i made a billion screenshots trying to impress people , needless to say i failed . 
  robert de niro is a monster looking at his body . 
  that punch would probably result into death, 
  no , people are aware of this problem . 
  especially videos like this help to highlight the problem . 
  because immersion ok ?!?!, 
  new vegas . 
  feels the most wastelandy, 
  this is serious nostalgia, 
  the face o desperation, 
  time to get gears because they deliver, 
  still not as good as og by a longshot, 
  that 's how i felt when i woke up one day , started browsing youtube and saw that ready up live played my map whilst i was asleep . 
  i like to have a raider settlement over a normal one . 
  it 's just cooler . 
  i 'm an esport noob and just recently got into it with the fall season . 
  but even i can see that halo can be brought back to it 's former glory rather by mlg than esl , honestly . 
  was n't even a real ninja honestly . 
  he did n't even jump . 
  what a scrub . 
  snack time bonus level, 
  the clone elite from republic commando does actually do the same, 
  did you consider the possibility that halo 5 forge is the only pc halo to ever release and that halo 6 wo n't be on pc for a second ? 
  because that 's what 343 said loud and clear . 
  halo 5 forge does only exist for a single reason : to give forgers an improved way to forge , it 's not meant to be a new way to play halo 5 . 
  halo 6 might come out for pc , but it will be halo 6 forge only . 
  funny how real life hackers are mostly fat nerds , but fictional ones are always hot women . 
  looking at overwatch and the strain . 
  nah , he 'll just eat through the helmet . 
  on a serious note : i do n't want to see his face . 
  halo 5 theater is broken . 
  you should only use it when absolutely needed . 
  halo 5 is currently sitting at rank 17 when it comes to players . 
  no wonder you 're having problems . 
  just to put this in perspective : battlefield 4 is played more than halo 5 and that game is 3 years old . 
  no i want him to stay the cold warmachine he 's been in 1 2 3, 
  and i 'm still here using the banished greatsword, 
  well i 'm using a heavy banished greatsword +6 . 
  that is not too strong i believe . 
  well no i guess not , but talking to the lady ( which is a logical thing to do ) directly triggers her . 
  yes but i did n't know that . 
  first playthrough . 
  thanks for the information though . 
  i mean i killed him so it was n't too bad but it was still a wtf moment . 
  is she like a mini boss ? 
  did n't get anchievement . 
  hm ok , that might explain why i only ever get invaded whilst helping my friend through areas i already did but he did not, 
  heavy banished greatsword , even the looks work perfect for me . 
  and i seem to hit every charge attack with it . 
  i can forgive some of these , but not the fucking ring map, 
  seeing how much damage mages do to me with their fucking lightning aoes in pvp i guess yeah , it 's viable . 
  i 'm a melee only build btw . 
  i want to use the lightning attacks , do i need faith or magic ? 
  also , what is the name of the ring that removes that red glowing when i invade someone ? 
  what do i need to do in order to face the nameless king with my friend ? 
  i read about some thing i need to do first to do so, 
  i am new to the series and just started playing last week , but i got ta say that ds3 is by far the best game this year . 
  so much excellent content .
