  sad !, 
  i 'm impressed by the ability to defend literally everything , as long as trump did it . 
  the fact that a human being is able to just entirely blend out fact or reason and come up with bullshit like this amazes me . 
  also : when they run out of arguments ? 
  just use insults , that 'll show him !, 
  sadly , that will only work in t_d . 
  is this photoshopped ? 
  this makes me matterhorny, 
  they are aware of this . 
  it 's already patched in the beta version available on steam, 
  i 'm actually glad how things developed . 
  i 'm more of a hornet kinda guy . 
  with whom ? 
  hornet ? 
  or her ? 
  spoiler, 
  hornet will start to support and help . 
  and that chubby bug will fall in love with zote after you kicked his ass so hard he flies from the arena straight to dirtmouth . 
  but i am on mobile and i do n't know the spoiler tag thing by heart . 
  i did put it in front of my answer though . 
  pretty sure sly pulled them out of his basement, 
  that was a joke ... or was it ? 
  everything is open for interpretation here . 
  honestly , why fall in live with zote over the hollow knight ? 
  just do n't rescue him from the various bullshit he 's gettng himself into . 
  deepnest is your last chance to let him die i think . 
  well call me crazy but i do n't enjoy being around people that think about eating me . 
  our stag buddy never thinks about shit like this !, 
  not even the hunter . 
  who is mc ? 
  did not read that far it appears . 
  well hornet is the daughter of the beast . 
  and we were made by the king in some kind of crazy ritual . 
  not sure how these two things make us related to each other . 
  we are actually only related to other vessels . 
  colour me orange and call me a moron !, 
  who would 've thought ?!? 
  too long, 
  what 's up with that last pic ? 
  are you really 16 ? 
  you look like 14, 
  close . 
  edit : my first gold , for this link . 
  nothing to write home about . 
  but i 'll take it . 
  thank you kind stranger . 
  you should be used to it by now . 
  we 're on gig away from the golden 100, 
  for real . 
  i did not see anything out of republicans beside tax cuts since i was born . 
  every time they just go tax cuts , tax cuts , tax cuts . 
  and i 'm sitting here wondering how much you can fucking cut taxes . 
  exaclibur is pretty sick . 
  but you got ta grind strength for ages before you can even attempt the questline for it . 
  no not ugly by any means . 
  your face is still pretty young looking , even with the beard . 
  so i 'll say no for now, 
  in the chamber of souls or what ever it 's called . 
  city of tears . 
  that 's shriek, 
  no problem . 
  it 's hidden in a small side room thingy . 
  but it 's honestly not hard to find . 
  over the garden wall . 
  not a movie , but still as deep as the ocean . 
  to tell a jewish person to go back to his/her country . 
  please point me into the general direction . 
  that 'll be eye opening . 
  and people called obama the drone president . 
  just wait until you see a real psycho have control over drones . 
  trump has to be careful . 
  he might work by accident between all these very important golf course visits . 
  the e mails, 
  no , the new thing among his base is to claim that washington ca n't be trusted . 
  therefore his golf course visits are utterly important for the country , since he 's doing all the important work there . 
  where none of these `` washington snakes '' are around . 
  oh and i 'm not shitting you , that 's literally their explanation/excuse . 
  there you go . 
  from some time ago , i might add . 
  but with over 4000 upvotes . 
  his base is head nodding in agreement as ever . 
  i 'd like to see those savings myself . 
  must be mountains of money . 
  i also quite like how one of them is like `` wow i did not think of this angle '' . 
  ca n't even think straight properly , might kill himself if he tries some risky angle-thinking shenanigans . 
  i feel you man . 
  you know it 's bad when someone wins and you 're unable to count along due to sheer amount of victories . 
  but they wanted the repeal . 
  and they knew there was no replacement . 
  oh , pardon me , i forgot about the healthcare plans that are so good that they have not even been thought about yet . 
  anyway , my compassion for people who voted this country into ruin by not listening to arguments or reason is lacking right now . 
  and by lacking i mean non-existent . 
  winning the election got me tired already man . 
  yeah i know that . 
  but this article is about them . 
  and my comment as well . 
  i know that an entire class of people is getting screwed by this plan . 
  from my understanding , only the very rich are profitting here . 
  does someone have a video of this working ? 
  yes,
