  all in all amazing work by toastman . 
  sorry i forgot you reddit name toast , i wish i could link you . 
  edit : / u/t0ztman, 
  halo 2 smg was weak on porpuse, 
  there might be a reason , but it could be buried due to bungie 's legacy being buried as well . 
  i 've thought about this from time to time again too , but i think it could boil down to nothing but a cliche . 
  ( not bashing on germany here , i 'm german myself ) . 
  i mean germany is known for building the best and most precise machines worldwide . 
  so naturally , the best weapons in the universe ( spartan armor ) must be build by a german manufacterer . 
  asking myself those questions since release, 
  the huge problem here is that call of duty 's skill gap is incredibly low . 
  three bullets anywhere and dead . 
  that 's not it though , there 's a billion things that make cod easy for anyone . 
  how maps are designed , cheap equipment , etc etc. 
  now halo , on the other hand , is one of the shooters with the highest skillgaps out right now . 
  the only other shooters that require as much skill are overwatch and doom . 
  so naturally , the jump over to halo , or one of those other shooters , will be quite the challenge for you . 
  i will now try to list the most important things to know about halo :, 
  precision and headshots matter . 
  now , there are two kinds of weapons in halo . 
  the one kind is able to headshot . 
  the other kind is not . 
  weapons that are able to headshot ( magnum , br , dmr , carbine , light rifle , sniper ) will always win over automatic weapons if used correctly ( landing headshots , using at correct range ) . 
  think about this before using your ar over your magnum at the start of each game . 
  power weapons . 
  there are another two types you can categorise weapons under . 
  that would be loadout and power weapons . 
  you should know what a loadout weapon is . 
  a power weapon is stronger than a loadout weapon if used correctly . 
  you need to remember that every power weapon works differently and has a different purpose . 
  use that knowledge about them to outplay your opponent . 
  high ttk . 
  straves , croush shooting , ghandi hopping all matters . 
  now a gunfight in halo takes longer than in cod . 
  a gunfight can take a long time when both players are very skilled and stuff like cover , power weapons , grenades etc , are involved . 
  a skilled player will not miss a shot whilst trying to make you miss every single shot . 
  strafing does n't matter in cod because ttk is so low , it 's a waste of time . 
  only reaction time matters , and probably loadout . 
  not in halo . 
  you can turn on people and kill them if your strafe and shots are on point . 
  halo has vehicles . 
  crazy concept right ? 
  but people tend to use them going to war , so why not ? 
  halo 's vehicles work like the power weapons . 
  you need to know how your vehicle works whilst knowing what the enemy vehicle is able to do . 
  the cool thing in halo is that no vehicle is impossible to kill . 
  they can all be emp 'd , hijacked or even stolen . 
  yes , you can jump on an enemy vehicle , knock out the driver and just steal it . 
  even loadout weapons can do a good amount of damage to a vehicle . 
  so if you see an enemy vehicle , just shoot it . 
  you will do good damage . 
  there 's also all that other stuff you need to remember , like map movement , spawns , prediction , awareness , team mates . 
  but that 's more general stuff that you should know about . 
  do n't mean to burst your bubble , but you can simply climb up there . 
  i do that every match because it 's such a good spot, 
  you do n't need speedboost, 
  chief vs locke was bs as you said . 
  chief could 've just lifted locke up to throw him into the lava . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  seeker is amazing, 
  it was bullshit tbh . 
  lorewise , chief should have the power to just lift locke up and throw him into the lava . 
  as a spartan 2 . 
  that 's why jorge is so fucking tall, 
  potg : master chief as : to give the covenant back their bomb . 
  reminds me of the mythbuster series, 
  hoping for the same . 
  looking at the spartan models in particular . 
  they look like plastic soldiers . 
  i want the 3/reach look back , well not back but i want halo 6 to shift more towards that . 
  what infuriates me most is the grenade delay when throwing . 
  i would put my social slayer here : ... 
  if it would exist, 
  that 's what i did , i was getting so tired of triple caps after 2 minutes . 
  now it 's still the same , but at least i 'm not getting triple capped . 
  why should it ? 
  127 is very low, 
  halo 5 has so many bugs that are probably easy to fix , yet they 're still here and no one patches them, 
  casually waiting for fanart, 
  i actually think he 's pharas mom, 
  dude i 'm trying , the whole community is . 
  did you see that one post where a guy tweets at 3 xbox/343 employees everyday about the mcc ? 
  he almost never got answers . 
  he did this for 3 months . 
  every `` we need to rescue the mcc !!! '', 
  post always gets all dem upvotes . 
  but are there any comments by the devs on them ? 
  is there anything in the community updates ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the mcc wo n't see any further fixes , 343 pretty much killed it . 
  343 is a division of microsoft , they 're pretty much the same . 
  i could n't believe how much they left out when i finished it, 
  full spartan customization . 
  helmet , shoulders , chest , legs , forearms . 
  custom games server browser , like in battlefield 4 . but only for customs . 
  ui that shows spartan ranks , names , spartan in lobby before a game loads up . 
  spartan 3 headhunter game, 
  you 're not harsh . 
  it 's garbage . 
  as easy as that . 
  i do n't know , it 's probably you unless there 's some other guys doing the exact same .
