  so i guess there will be more dlc or updates for halo 5 to fund the whole thing, 
  fighting while pissed/angry, 
  you will lose to everyone that is in a calm state and that has little fighting experience . 
  this is such trivial crap , i mean it 's mean but is it the meanest you 've ever done ? 
  that 's the meanest thing i 've seen yet, 
  gaara 's shields are pretty much unbreakable . 
  aang could win by sand bending while in avatar mode though . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss, 
  i had to mute my phone to watch it lol . 
  my brain could n't handle hearing german/reading english at once, 
  witchunting is forbidden, 
  i say this every time : halo 5 has a very low population . 
  but people keep downvoting me for saying it . 
  here 's , yet again , proof for my claims . 
  it 's hilarious to see console players play this game . 
  constantly trying to spawnkill, 
  i feel like the camo for the alphas might be a little op . 
  but we 'll see i guess, 
  i will murder, 
  stop lying to yourself, 
  i actually remember them saying that forging warzone is too much for the x1 . 
  i believe 1,3,4 exist already, 
  oh yeah , you seem to be correct . 
  na , map looks good, 
  the game that brought shame , nothing but shame, 
  the champ # 1 swat is my company leader . 
  he never bothered with ffa swat . 
  that told me enough to not play that . 
  343 went from top to flop . 
  edit : he was # 1 swat numerous seasons , but started playing wz with the company to get te commendations done . 
  pisssss pisssss out mah assss, 
  kids are so honest it hurts . 
  and people still call them innocent . 
  little savages . 
  did you tell him that you 're a dude too ? 
  like , before sending the pics ? 
  did you hate yourself too ? 
  because i would hate myself, 
  i ca n't believe i 'm reading this . 
  i honestly love breakout . 
  but people do n't . 
  the few people playing it are probably the champs that stick with it . 
  so i decided to not play it , to avoid full champ fireteams that will shit on me . 
  yup , you just got farmed pretty bad . 
  riot units . 
  i 've trained with the german . 
  they 're called `` unit '' for a reason . 
  their oldest member was a 50 year old woman . 
  looked like a bear . 
  one of those stories that date back ages already , but the kind that makes you lie asleep at night . 
  my mom beats me to death and my dad watches sipping his beer . 
  who watches the watchmen ? 
  a highly underrated catchphrase . 
  this whole discussion about how people with certain penis sizes act . 
  masks , any kind . 
  even crafted my snowboard helmet into a mask lol . 
  steal some magical panties to survive and get to school in time . 
  that excuse they 've put out about differentiate between teams in game is total bs , honestly . 
  i 'm actually missing these for some odd reason . 
  i said it once but i 'll say it again :, 
  this helmet looks a lot like the hunter helmet . 
  if this helmet really comes to live , call it `` hunter bravo '' . 
  why is that the perfect name ? 
  because mark v alpha exists as well . 
  the hunter bravo would be the perfect follow up . 
  still asking waaaaay too much . 
  make it 20 , i 'll think about it . 
  nah , i do n't like doubles . 
  i think it 's pretty boring tbh . 
  ca n't imagine what people will come up with . 
  that 's way too cool for 343, 
  our high school seniors all participate in a huge trip to cologne , germany every year . 
  there 's a teacher in our school , he 's in his sixties already but a very vital and funny guy . 
  he comes to cologne alongside our seniors every year . 
  now , you see cologne has a very rich tradition in well drinking beer . 
  one of our seniors got so drunk one night that he was not able to use the elevator on his own anymore . 
  he passed out on the elevator floor and some noodlebrain found it funny to send the elevator down to the hotel lobby where said teacher was hanging out . 
  the elevator door opened and there he was , the drunk student passed out in front of the teacher , on the elevator floor . 
  but instead of sending him home or anything like that , he took a picture , send the guy back up with the elevator and made hima present at the graduation . 
  the picture he took of him passed out , printed and put into a huge frame . 
  he 's the best teacher ever . 
  `` at least he tried '', 
  this whole thing was already criticised very often in this subreddit , but pretty much every post about it was removed . 
  various community members made long videos explaining the situation . 
  maybe this post will help , explaining it yet again . 
  thanks for this post op . 
  i appreciate your effort . 
  `` but it 's still possible if said player is using a speedboost '', 
  no , seems to be a mistake . 
  probably an accident on 343 's side . 
  for the next update , most likely . 
  everyone and their mother is wearing wrath, 
  i 'm 147 , will take me some time to see that animation, 
  that quote is beautiful, 
  is that you kat ? 
  `` do you think she 's beautiful '', 
  does n't matter who you 're looking at , could be angela merkel , or scarlett johansson . 
  the answer is always no . 
  to this day i 'm not really sure what vaping is, 
  same , not reading it for 12 years but definatly long enough to say that i liked him before all that hype .
