yes , the maps all feel the same to some extent . 
  my biggest problem with them right now is honestly how big/small they are . 
  i 'm a decent player but even staying alive is very hard on these maps . 
  combine that with the sprint nerf and you 'll die a lot . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  i 'm new to reddit , have n't used it much yet . 
  can i edit the pics in ? 
  cool , would love to read about your thoughts . 
  ok , thanks , 
  it did n't process the name change for some reason , it 's still known as 3rd omega zone ( original name ), 
  i just read that monster and then , in the end you come up with the tldr ; ? 
  damn girl . 
  anyways , i would just ask him out . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  he seems to like you . 
  i have a similar relation to a girl . 
  and i really like her . 
  would date her if she 'd ask me . 
  so why should n't he ? 
  if someone likes you , he/she shows it . 
  not texting back is like the biggest red flag there is nowadays . 
  do n't waste your time on her buddy . 
  you 're honest . 
  i like you, 
  well , that must 've been an awkward silence afterwards, 
  well , i do n't know . 
  i do n't have insights into your relation enough to give advice . 
  just ask . 
  with your mouth . 
  this feels like giving advice to a teenager who never dated anyone before , your both grown ups . 
  now act like grown ups . 
  yes, 
  do you smoke ? 
  like a lot ? 
  guys that are in a very mature age ( 26 ) often do n't like that . 
  you 'd probably have no problem attracting a guy my age , but a guy who is 26 or older ? 
  as a party girl ? 
  that 's hard girl . 
  wear a shakespear costume . 
  and do n't stop quoting from his books or novels . 
  like ever . 
  stay in that role . 
  girls love that . 
  zach ? 
  who is that ? 
  i thought we were talking about a huge dickhead here . 
  do it when you 're about to finish your job there . 
  you 'll win anyways . 
  she sais no ? 
  never see her again . 
  she sais yes ? 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  keep right on buddy . 
  before i read this , let me guess what the problem is : she is john cena, 
  when my now ex girlfriend and me started dating a few years ago , i threw a little birthday party . 
  nothing special , just her , like 10 of my friends and me . 
  we had a couple of beers here and there , pizza , and at some point i set up my xbox in the living room and gathered all the controllers i had at that time ( i think it was 4 , actually ) . 
  so we started playing some party games . 
  i am a huge halo fan and halo reach was pretty popular at that time , so we started playing that at some point . 
  since i had experience with the game we made it so that they would have a 3 on 1 against me . 
  everybody expected them to win against me ( them meaning my two best friends and another very close friend ) . 
  they underestimated my map knowledge and generally my huge amount of experience i already had with the game . 
  it turned out to be a 25-0 for me . 
  they got straight-up murdered . 
  after the medal screen disappeared she runs away for seemingly no reason . 
  she runs upstairs . 
  i pass the controller to a friend and say : `` here , go on without me . '', 
  so i followed her upstairs where she was waiting for me in my room . 
  she turns around and yells : `` why do you have to be so mean ?! '', 
  she was referring to me wrecking my friends . 
  she got mad at me for that . 
  pretty mad . 
  schools in germany still teach it in elementary school , at least that 's how it 's been for me . 
  i 'm in university know though . 
  it might 've changed . 
  yeah , playing outside is soo important tbh . 
  most kids i see nowadays do n't even know how to properly control their bodies n shit . 
  which you learn while playing outside . 
  they just play with their smartphones : bitch i did n't have a smartphone until i was 15 . 
  sponge bob, 
  my best friend and me have a secret language consisting of sponge bob quotes . 
  angelic ? 
  i play halo5 with a girl daily . 
  she joins the party and the only thing she sais is `` hi '' and `` bye '' . 
  sometimes she calls things out but it 's very very rare . 
  one of my friends found out that she is about my age ( by texting i think ) , but she still does n't talk . 
  it 's like she is afraid of talking to male players , which is the majority , obviously . 
  something similar must 've happended to her . 
  seems like she did n't get over it as good though . 
  i feel sorry for your loss, 
  i would ask him why humans are so incomplete , and why he did his job so half-assed, 
  i have no idea , i stopped doing it a while ago . 
  i hope kids where i live do n't need to deal with that dumb stuff anymore, 
  me and my company mates are all trying pretty hard to make her feel comfortable to be honest . 
  trying to make jokes with her and stuff like that . 
  and honestly , she 's worth the effort . 
  she 's able to make me laugh very often by just doing stuff on maps . 
  we were once looking at each other while in a match both teabagging some dude . 
  i then asked her if she liked what she saw ( my spartan ) , she then shook her head , runs off into the next man canon . 
  i laughed my ass off .
