  the sanghelios missions are amazing . 
  level design , structure , the kraken fight goddamnit !, 
  i 'm still baffled the sanghelios map came this late . 
  best map too . 
  only the story i ca n't really agree with you . 
  actually thought the civil war was a little tacked on tbh . 
  can you blame them after the fuck ups that were h4 and mcc ?!, 
  even halo 5 has big issues to this day . 
  there 's an insult in my language `` dunkelbumser '' . 
  it just means someone who is having sex in the dark . 
  it 's an insult because the person he 's having sex with is too ugly to face in daylight . 
  loooooooooooooool, 
  lol, 
  stuff that will never happen , issue 1, 
  there 's interviews where they very clearly say that it is in theory possible to meet someone . 
  that sounds amazing op  . 
  i had a similar experience :, 
  so i was hacking that distress signal tower , it gave me the position of a crashed ship really not far away . 
  so i headed into that direction . 
  once landed i walked up to the ship to inspect it . 
  it was huge , and had way better specs and slots than my gatbage starter ship : , ( so dumb as i was i decided to ` simply ' switch . 
  why not right ?!, 
  so i exchange all the stuff from my ship into that new one . 
  and just hit the `` accept '' button . 
  i quickly boarded my new ship to head for nee amazing adventures !, 
  but oh wait , as i enter everything is beeping and the whole ship hud was shimmering in red alert light . 
  i quickly checked the ship and realized that it was indeed a crahed ship and that i needed to repair it first . 
  i was a bit angry just like you were , for being so stupid . 
  so i exited the ship to gather material . 
  no big deal . 
  but i forgot that this planet was highly toxic , i did n't last longer than 30 seconds outside . 
  after running around like a mad man for 30 second intervalls , i finally realized that i could n't get the needed materials here . 
  i repaired only the start module and headed off to the next planet . 
  no shields , no weapons , no turbo , just starting . 
  it took ages without the turbo , and i was already pretty pissed off . 
  as i approached the new planet after like 20 minutes the ship tells me that i 'm being chased be hostiles . 
  so i try to land as fast as i can because no shields and no weapons . 
  so i land and they retreat . 
  i exit the ship just to realize that 90 % of this new planet that took me ages to get to was water . 
  i was on a small ass island without any ressources , and the atmosphere was just as toxic as the last fucking planet !, 
  i tried to search for a bit , but again , 30 seconds and i would be done for . 
  so i take off try to do what ever . 
  using my last plutonium . 
  so i focus the system 's space station . 
  just to realize that those bounty hunters are still on me . 
  they kill me . 
  i 'm like : good , at least i spawn at the station now . 
  but the game spawns me at the toxic planet . 
  i start to lose my mind ... 
  using my last fuel again i finally make it to the station . 
  i use my cash to buy some stuff , fix what i can . 
  and so i hope to find another planet in the system . 
  i do and it has all the stuff i need . 
  after like 2 hours i 'm finally done . 
  done . 
  i stand in front of my ship , all new , better laser , shields , more slots . 
  it sucked doing all that , but i was so happy ,, 
  no , you had to to swap the ships out before repairing, 
  i 'm still a newcomer in the business, 
  yeah , i thought about just returning to my old one too , but man those planets are really really big, 
  that is the exact amazing experience that i had as well . 
  i 'm glad other went through it too, 
  i honestly thought about deinstalling the game for the whole time whilst gathering the stuff to repair, 
  no , i think you can only own one and then you have to leave your old one at the crashsite ... maybe for another player to find it ? 
  who knows, 
  i do n't know though . . is that a lot ? 
  i can only hope that i look that cool, 
  goodbye water exploration . 
  it was whilst i thought only small fish would be in there, 
  oh shit what up, 
  you can finish the atlas path ? 
  i thought it was like fallout , with preston, 
  yeah , i was stalked by one as well . 
  they actually have that in their bio . 
  i scanned it and instantly opened fire . 
  way too creepy 5 me . 
  they die by one shot , nothing to be afraid off, 
  4chan was here, 
  my ship looks like that too lol, 
  yeah , mine has the actual boba colors, 
  i ca n't wait for all the memes that will come after this, 
  exactly what destiny did, 
  hopefully, 
  for example lol, 
  you had walkers on home planet ?!? 
  i have max level on sentinel destroyer and i have n't seen a single walker :d fight meer, 
  make it a system, 
  you learned the gek word for `` shitpost '', 
  the korvax looks at his phone the whole time, 
  the gek tries to sell some crap to the vy ` keen, 
  that 's a good one, 
  man that 's the tallest i 've ever seen, 
  there should be a whole sub about nms lapses, 
  more assets need to be added . 
  larger clonies , larger space stations . 
  that 's it imo, 
  i mean we can hope for this right ? 
  more assets are nothing beyond impossible i hope, 
  yeah i 'm still pumped about it tbh . 
  i really enjoy exploring planets that intrest me and that are beautiful .
