  i do n't get why those are still a thing . 
  everyone and their mother complained about those after the beta , yet , they are still here fucking my ass across the map using only 3 projectiles . 
  reddits biggest problem if you ask me, 
  this is actually amazing, 
  you could say that locke was stunned by this qoute . 
  it 's in the books and in the mini series that came out alongside halo 5, 
  not a movie , but hannibal has some pretty ` impressive ' ones . 
  talking about the show here lol, 
  it feels like a big void deep down in your chest . 
  but it encourages you to try new things and experience more , new and exciting ways to live . 
  when my first ever girlfriend broke up with me , i started working out and running . 
  and i look better than never before in my life , i also feel very healthy and good . 
  just and example that getting rejected does not mean the world 's ending , even though it feels like it at first . 
  wildghouls and zombies are technically the same, 
  i ca n't and do n't want to imagine that pain . 
  dead space , i actually think that the void that space is , is very scary . 
  let alone all the monsters that want to fuck you up . 
  a normal fallout happens pretty much ever day where i live . 
  and that 's nothing too crazy . 
  so i was thinking that you were talking about the game, 
  yeah it was pretty barebones, 
  i would n't call it terrible , it was probably fun for people who are new to halo , but as someone who read the books , it was n't that great, 
  qoutes too strong right now, 
  did n't know barvo was german, 
  so we were celebrating carnival , which is a pretty big thing where i live . 
  at after we 've benn everywhere we go to a friends house ( around 15 people ) . 
  we were all pretty deunk already but well we started playing drinking games . 
  we played kings cap , which is a pretty bad one . 
  there were also some rounds of busdriver in there but i ca n't recall tbh . 
  and that 's where it ends . 
  i wake up in my bed without any idea what happened and how i got back there ( that friend lives far away from me ) . 
  i notice that my whole body is now covered in ink . 
  dickbutts and funny lines all over my body . 
  so i whip out my phone and call my best friend . 
  he told me that i slept for 3 hours , woke up , played another two rounds of said drinking game , go back to sleep , wake up . 
  after that everybody thought i was gonne puke all over the bed , but i did n't . 
  however , they put me in the living room where the parents were supposed to watch over me . 
  but they were drunk too . 
  so for some reason i start spitting all over the floor and i just would n't stop . 
  and the parents just laughed at me and did n't try to stop me . 
  i eventually stopped when a friend came by and made me stop somehow . 
  so after that i my friends dragged me into the bus and dropped me off at home . 
  that was 3 years ago , his parents still make fun of me everytime there 's a party at his house . 
  psa : they 're still bullet sponges, 
  where is he though ? 
  i ca n't see him over the lack of colored undersuit, 
  it 's not even finished yet , ff has to make some asdjustments here and there, 
  i know it 's childish and stupid but i really do n't want pc players to get the perfection that is halo . 
  hearing `` pc master race '' everywhere on the internet and getting hate mail from the overwatch sub for stating to play on console is really not helping me . 
  i know i 'll be downvoted into the ground for this but that 's just how i feel . 
  well i realize that there 's not really a reason . 
  the pc version should be superior in every aspect . 
  the only thing i can think of is the fanbase , which will be way stronger and more dedicated to the game on console . 
  but i 'm not sure how important that really is . 
  no that 's actually a wrong analogy . 
  i 'm not upset because pc players are getting it too . 
  an example : i loved the original titanfall and played it for a long time . 
  now , the second installment is coming to ps4 . 
  am i upset ? 
  no , because i do n't hold any grudges against ps4 players . 
  in fact , i 'm actually happy about the ps4 version being a thing , because the game will have more support now . 
  so i should be happy that halo will be on pc right ? 
  no , because i get harassed by pc players on the daily and am sick of `` pc master race '' . 
  it sickens me deeply . 
  i 'm not a worse player for playing on console . 
  i was actually afraid to go to the fallout sub as a console player due to this whole mod stealing issue right now , i 'm glad to hear that , thank you . 
  raisin bombers , we will never forget this, 
  a filthy weeeeaboooooo, 
  a dirty weeeeeeaboooooo, 
  oh triangledcircle-kun , you are so mean today, 
  same , i do enjoy some animes and i also do enjoy talking and thinking about them . 
  but only around the right people . 
  i would for example never talk about anime with my gym-friends . 
  but i always talk about it online with my halo-friends . 
  when someone shows that they enjoy being around me or talking to me . 
  / r/minionhate, 
  yeah they got pretty annoying after a while . . 
  i 'm not sure , i commited suicide afterwards . 
  i 'm just really glad that the afterlife has wifi . 
  story time ? 
  max powers , everyone loves being around him, 
  4 dates , everything went perfect , never hear anything from her again . 
  i had my fun , but i mean i liked her . 
  pretty confusing to me . 
  not sure to be honest . 
  we have a deep connection through humor and music , but we never talk about important stuff for some reason . 
  it would be very hard for me to come up with unique , deep words at his funeral . 
  i honestly do n't want to tjink about it . 
  i can be your friend, 
  get a preferably strong fireteam as soon as possible . 
  halo 2 pvp, 
  as a kid i thought tourists and terrorists were the same thing, 
  i opened the bungie app yesterday , went to #destiny , bragged about my kd , and somehow convinced 2 destiny players to download h5 and try it out . 
  i always mute the party my company lobby is using . 
  we win every game anyway and i can listen to music that way . 
  hey , yeah you . 
  there 's actually a rule saying you can only fit 2 sniper medals into one title . 
  it was kindergarten and we played father , mother , child . 
  i wanted to be the dog , she kissed me anyway . 
  just as bad as trump .
