  try to get some kind of a event going where you meet up in a big group , try to get him to know better i guess . 
  you 're too yoing for alcohol i guess ? 
  nothing is more sexy than a women who is able to write passive aggressive posts on reddit that make me laugh, 
  my dad is very intelligent but does n't look too good . 
  my mom 's the opposite . 
  i 'm mediocre when it comes to both, 
  my favourite book , even held a speech about it in german class . 
  i never meet anyone who read it . 
  well , her quetions sometimes enrage the intelectual in me . 
  please i need a comment by someone who knows what this is, 
  memorizing routes , cities , pretty much everything that has to do with orientation . 
  funny little story : my parents and me had that france trip when i was like 6 years old . 
  we visited that city . 
  nothing special , walked around and visited the local aquarium . 
  we come back 8 years later . 
  i can still remember where everything was , is , and how to get there . 
  knew where the aquarium was , knew where to get cr\u00eape , where that neat comic book shop was ( french comics are the best , sooo much detail ) . 
  i 'm also pretty good at halo . 
  1v1 me, 
  prostitution, 
  that guy i played journey with the first time . 
  who was he, 
  well , you win some you lose some . 
  do n't know . 
  winning herpes sounds like a loss though . 
  beeing cold as fuck because you forgot to bring a jacket to a beach party , in england , in autumn ( i know i 'm a dumbass ) . 
  standing a little further away from the group . 
  blonde girl walks up to me . 
  i drink it . 
  we kiss . 
  two heartwarming feelings combined . 
  one of my best moments . 
  eastern german . 
  yes , they all sound like nazis . 
  gtfo, 
  i carry a lighter around at all times . 
  even though i do n't smoke . 
  i use it to open beer bottles exclusivly . 
  `` let 's make america great again '', 
  you 're a little late for that buddy . 
  any kind of math, 
  germany . 
  just something personal , my parents got divorced because of it . 
  okay ? 
  people ask me for a lighter pretty often, 
  nah , you could get in trouble with police if you carry that around at night, 
  my favourite historical badass is `` the white death '' . 
  he was a finnish sniper during ww2 . 
  he wore a white mask at all times and defended the finnish border against the russina troops . 
  he has 500 confirmed kills with his sniper ( he never used a scope to avoid lense flare ) and an additional 200 kills with his smg . 
  he used ski 's to travel through the snowy forests of finland . 
  the russina troops were aware of an excellent sniper on the finnish side . 
  but were n't able to kill him . 
  i know that lazy feeling . 
  it just feels so dirty, 
  around the world by daft punk, 
  no matter how often i listen to it . 
  my head will never stop moving to the beat . 
  these guys are the worst assholes i 've encountered in my whole halo carreer which already dates back to halo ce, 
  that text made it even worse i think, 
  `` having fun '' ? 
  what a weird thing to say/ask, 
  my ex got offended when i rekt my mates 25-0 in halo reach on a party . 
  it was a 3on1 . 
  she should 've been impressed :'(, 
  sports i guess . 
  my mom forced me to do sports . 
  it resulted into me being the bulkiest middle schooler ever . 
  please go , i 'm tired of the constant complaining and acting how you give everything you have to the eu . 
  which is just not the case . 
  it annoys and angers me . 
  i exist , i 'm male , not together anymore, 
  no , because it kinda grosses me out . 
  i have nothing against anyone and if you rock that transgender , more power to you . 
  but it 's not for me . 
  reports are pretty neutral . 
  still very professional . 
  the only magazines that make fun of him are political focused magazines . 
  like `` der spiegel '' or '' stern '' . 
  they just reported about him defending his penis size . 
  i 'm just refreshing / r/politics all the time to see politifacts opinion on that topic . 
  america has stored up the most nuclear weapons in the world . 
  military is generally very advanced . 
  of course we `` get in your business '' when we see that a fucking mad man is about to have power over all this lethality . 
  he 's getting defensive about the topic . 
  that 's always your first indication about something being wrong , or that that claimed lie is probably not a lie , or at least that there is something true about it . 
  and all these women saying how he 's good in bed in big newspaper articles ? 
  he paid them to say that , i guarantee it . 
  now that 's just sad . 
  i have not noticed any kind of change . 
  i 'm still as good as i was , clan mates are as good as they were and enemies were as good as they were . 
  honestly do n't know if they changed something . 
  yeah , true . 
  sorry i 'm just upset with all these exploits lately, 
  shakespeare , for not really obvious reasons ... 
  very good movie , but mediocre star wars movie . 
  well , not mediocre , but not as good as i hoped . 
  smoking . 
  i 'm such a n00b when it comes to that stuff . 
  coughing all over the place,
