  `` drunk minds say what sober ones think '', 
  this one is so overused holy shit . 
  every yt mei thumbnail has it in it . 
  that 's reach . 
  halo 3 released in 07, 
  noob, 
  the year i got my 360, 
  whip the tinfoil hat i say, 
  is that for asket or heretic ? 
  i think it 's asket ... 
  nice one anyways !, 
  report them for unsporting and message your team members ( the ones that actually play ) to do the same . 
  i was able to get some assholes like that banned like this, 
  only saying one word over and over again hardly counts as humor, 
  this looks fucking badass, 
  i like dis map :(, 
  presenting the diaz bikini packs !, 
  we did n't tell you which diaz will wear those bikinis though ... you might be in for a surprise ... 
  halo is also pretty huge in mexico , for some reason . 
  maybe they enjoy skill based arena shooters ? 
  who knows . 
  onyx motherfucking guard man . 
  we need those fuckers back on our battlefields ripping some swarm asses to shreds . 
  i do n't think they would fuck it up . 
  they stayed true to the og design in many regards . 
  story wise i do n't know honestly . 
  a db onyx unit would make more sense story wise , but replacing the onyx guard with these would make this sub go mad , i 'm sure of it . 
  what is the chance of getting the legendary luchador ? 
  i 've opened 20 + packs and did n't get him yet . 
  what the fuck is this, 
  i 'm more of a kait kinda guy . 
  this reminds me heavily of dark souls where you bow before a fight so demand a duel , meaning no estus, 
  highly highly doubt it, 
  we can finally play, 
  are you that same guy who posted about the imago mode a while back ? 
  i tell myself i should find this weird , but something deep inside me shows a strange appreciation for your addiction . 
  my first video game memory is playing halo ce when i was 6 . 
  i walked down the hill in the 2nd level and i encountered a grunt . 
  he threw his hands up in the air and started screaming . 
  naturally , this scared the shit out of me . 
  halo is still my favourite franchise to this day . 
  oh the infamous wallmart ninja, 
  genji just got that sick ass oni skin , but yeah , hanzo could really use a new cool skin . 
  yeah , bought it via xbox store, 
  how do i do that ? 
  oh man , the weeb term is already thrown around hu ? 
  i will never join forces with heretic scum . 
  sure samurai are pushing us back . 
  but we are pushing you back . 
  what are you pushing ? 
  i will never join forces with heretic scum . 
  sure samurai are pushing us back . 
  but we are pushing you back . 
  what are you pushing ? 
  i 'll send u an upvote via my catapult . 
  deus vult friend . 
  fuck , will change as soon as i finish eating, 
  4v4 is a huge clusterfuck . 
  chasing , getting chased . 
  but 2v2 is really cool, 
  some characters can make you bleed or poison you . 
  that stat determines how much you are affected by this type of damage . 
  i do , in fact, 
  can i sign this as a foreigner ? 
  nvm , just did it and it tells me i 'm verified . 
  trump supporters in a nutshell, 
  digging your name there bud, 
  does trump even know what the term `` fake news '' refers to and why we are using it ? 
  i doubt it . 
  looks like a cog helmet from gow, 
  i 'm trying to bring us closer to the sun , but it 's hard man . 
  also nice emblem , i 'm using the same, 
  more police patrols in jewish neighborhoods soon , huh ? 
  oh , so magic does n't exist after all . 
  i ca n't wait for trump to collapse under the criticism that will rain down on him in the next years . 
  and if he does n't take it like a man and keeps whining like he does right now ? 
  that would make him weaker than obama and hillary . 
  and that would truly hurt him . 
  did you know that the gap was coming ? 
  first level of halo reach , if you start sprinting instantly after dropping out of the falcon , you can see a spartan in perfect active camo running away from you . 
  you can see him/her at around the moa 's height . 
  i 've tried catching him so often , but no chance . 
  the geist spartan . 
  first level of halo reach , if you start sprinting instantly after dropping out of the falcon , you can see a spartan in perfect active camo running away from you . 
  you can see him/her at around the moa 's height . 
  i 've tried catching him so often , but no chance . 
  the geist spartan . 
  no , not a bob elite . 
  it was a spartan model . 
  and he did the same thing every time . 
  seemed scripted . 
  roadhog jumping around in the back like :, 
  watching these gifs is always so painful, 
  said it a thousand times but here we go again :, 
  daft punk skin and `` around the world '' plays with every speedboost . 
  bonus : digital love for health, 
  the only chance is either a better game or a girlfriend . 
  i 'm sure you do n't want to dress up as a girl so i suggest the better game option . 
  best would be a very immersive single player game like the witcher or fallout . 
  just wait until the next drought phase and get one of these for him .
