  and improving ship , suit is thrilling for some reason lol, 
  all i ever fucking understand, 
  more assets god damnit , especially to space and ground stations, 
  i do n't want to sound like an ass , but you got ta be really clueless to not be able to solve these, 
  like a little speeder bike attached to the back of your ship that you can just eject from it . 
  or if someone saw kuromokuro , something like that where the cockpit itself ehects and then forms a hoverbike . 
  or maybe rent buggy 's ar trading posts . 
  i was on a ringed planet ... 
  but do n't ask me for scrrenshots . 
  i did n't take any because i did n't think it would be of any importance . 
  fucking knew it , that 's like the biggest immersion breaker ever . 
  do you also realize how a melee only shows your weapon and nothing else ? 
  it 's immersion breaking , for me at least, 
  edit the link into your post op, 
  well there are many fps games where you can for example see your feet , legs . 
  or when you throw a grenade it shows your arm throwing it . 
  or when using a melee . 
  oh my god he 's jacked, 
  so many of you playing, 
  man this looks like a gundam in ship form . 
  i love it, 
  man , the old bungie was like the cool uncle . 
  the new bungie is line that ass hat step dad . 
  went in here to see 2 champs vs 2 bronze 25-3 . 
  only one year after release lol, 
  do i need to connect those to hyperdriver too ? 
  because that 'll be difficult with my current ship layout, 
  ok thanks for the help !, 
  no there is no player model , there was a post up earlier today that was proving exactly that . 
  probably an early version, 
  she confessed to me that she would be in love with me . 
  than i deleted her number . 
  she then texted me and i was like : `` who dis ? '', 
  she lost it and well basically started to hate me . 
  which i thought was unfair because it was actually meant as a joke . 
  i know , stupid joke . 
  anyways , 1\u00a01/2 years down the line she has a new bf . 
  like a week after i learned that , she calls me in the middle of the night , drunk af how she still loves me and how she just broke up with her bf so we could be together . 
  had to turn her down . 
  poor girl though , she was very nice to me all the time . 
  she has a new bf now , i just hope she wo n't call me again to tell me a certain thing . 
  nordic countries like sweden , norway . 
  there 's a legit reason for that . 
  back in the viking age they would pillage all over the place and only bring the beautiful women from the countries , places they pillaged with them . 
  blizzard is trying to get overwatch porn off the net . 
  good luck is all i can say lol . 
  i collect masks because i hate my face . 
  even made one myself . 
  start working out . 
  get some mass . 
  does n't matter if male or female . 
  he might actually be seven . 
  after our first date she told everyone we would live together and that my cats would love her more than anything . 
  she did n't even see my cats . 
  like ever . 
  she even told my best friends about it , but they did n't even know her . 
  there should be like a device that can generate a black hole to a system already seen . 
  but only to one already seen . 
  maybe even to one where you visited every planet ? 
  i do n't know . 
  nms took a lot of inspiration from halo . 
  this whole atlas , ancient alien race that left ruins and constructs all over space just screams halo in your face everytime you come across stuff like that . 
  fair , but still . 
  the atlas stations in space ? 
  that are inhabitated . 
  or the sentinels , that no one knows where they come from , but someone is building them , or did build them . 
  and the 3 different races that were preserved by the atlas ? 
  it sounds very much like halo . 
  it 's agility gear , references spartan armor, 
  * flamethrower goes off *, 
  dude i am checking his apple music site every week . 
  i think his latest is and wot, 
  eh not as good as his older stuff , like tnt , fyi, 
  the aim assist is godly, 
  why is she dabbing, 
  is he refering to headhunter ? 
  because it 's nothing like that . 
  it 's way more like kill confirmed . 
  halo reach was my favourite if i 'm honest . 
  invasion was just so much fun, 
  real big fan dude , hotboxed to aryah and zero zero one back in the day, 
  real good for working out too, 
  put on my paintball gear , that stuff is surprisingly protective , comfortable , practical and you can sprint , slide easier in it . 
  yeah , aside from that ? 
  treat ground like lava basically and jump from car to car, 
  halo mjolnir theme, 
  not sure when , i walked up to my dad and gave him a poster of bart simpson using a slingshot , as some sort of present . 
  2 and a half days . 
  reason was way too dumb . 
  spent a whole day and night awake . 
  flew over to the us , swapped planes multiple times . 
  took another day . 
  arrived in pittsburgh airport . 
  meet my friend . 
  had dinner with him and his family . 
  that was the next 12 hours . 
  it was actually not even that hard . 
  but i slept like a stone afterwards . 
  cooking . 
  and a lot of cash .
