  i can tell your overweight just by looking at that small glimpse of arm that you showed . 
  for a reason , i 'm guessing . 
  wrong choice of clothes holy shit, 
  but you do know that our character is an 'em pty ' reincarnation of the hollow knight in a vessel 's birthstate ? 
  that 's the reason why we ca n't talk , are so small and why people keep calling us ` ghost ` shadow ' and ` it ' . 
  he ca n't feel either . 
  just another hint to his supernatural origin . 
  also : zote is actually right when he calls us monster . 
  ok for real , i came up with this through hints . 
  but it 's plausable . 
  spoiler, 
  your character is the hollow knights reincarnation . 
  of some sort . 
  he 's the youngest form a vessel can be . 
  he is presumably some sort of his spirit . 
  he ca n't feel either . 
  not sure which person 's dream you have to read , but i just read it today . 
  no , the white lady says that to you when you talk to her with the shadow charm equipped . 
  just remembered that  . 
  yes , she is definatly intresting . 
  but there 's a person which is way more intresting . 
  the character guarding her lair . 
  that character is in a lot of promo material and has a flair here on this sub . 
  where she is alive on . 
  and she looks an awful lot like hornet . 
  thank you friend . 
  yes, 
  but why is he locked up in the black egg when he succeeded ? 
  also : during the final shadow dream , the queen is retrieving a person from the abyss , which looks exactly like you , but with slightly longer horns . 
  i argue that that person is the original hollow knight . 
  he grew the horns during the time the queen needed to retrieve him , at that point not queen already , obviously . 
  so why would a random vessel look exactly like himself ? 
  when vessels do in fact have different appearances which can be seen by looking at the lost kin and all the other corpses in the abyss . 
  the king does also have the nickname hollow knight already . 
  so they are one and the same person . 
  so why would he create someone by that name ? 
  edit : the king was also never one to experiment , which we learn through the dialogue you have with the soul tyrant after the fight . 
  who claims to have researched for a cure but the king just did n't care and just followed his plan to become the vessel for the infection . 
  did you finish the game yet ? 
  because it does n't sound like you have . 
  the journal and other sources say that the hollow knight is also the king . 
  loud and clear . 
  why are there so many other vessels in the abyss that look different then ? 
  the lost kin which is also a vessel , does also look distinctly different from you . 
  i 'm sorry but your theory does not add up . 
  there 's honestly not much to study yet . 
  people like us are still arguing like we just did to figure out what 's going on . 
  this game is a lot like dark souls in many different regards . 
  story is just as open ended here . 
  everyone can just speculate away . 
  you 're probably a knight of no renown then . 
  but for real , reading this hurts . 
  even for me who did n't play steel yet . 
  xbox elite controller, 
  i did not experience anything like this at all . 
  i had one instance where the traitor lord refused to spawn . 
  that was it, 
  well the lord did spawn again for me . 
  but i ca n't promise you anything . 
  but i will say that you will be able to beat the arena up to that point easily if you did it before !, 
  uhm , i only completed warrior and conquerer and i got shitloads of geo , 1 pale ore and 1 charm slot . 
  that is the complete loot for the 2 rounds i think . 
  no problem . 
  good luck . 
  i had it equipped just in case . 
  in the abyss . 
  when you drop down from where hornet greets you . 
  at the very bottom in the huge room between the abyss lighthouse and the room that gives you abyss shriek . 
  a lot of corpses are stacked up there . 
  you will know you found it when you see it . 
  yes you are correct . 
  i just re read the journal and did understand that the hunter is not addressing the hollow knight as king ( as i thought ) but is kind of mumbling it to himself . 
  therefore the hollow knight is not the king and your theory is correct . 
  you wo n't be able to get it without defeating a lot of bosses . 
  shadow upgrade is pretty late game tbh . 
  yeah , but shadows will leave you alone now . 
  including your phantom . 
  you have to go to crystal peak which can be accessed through forgotten crossroads . 
  top right corner, 
  you need to shriek, 
  ok , did someone figure out how to deliver that flower ? 
  even if obama would have done that ( which he obviously did fucking not ) how would that help trump with his current russia problem ? 
  he 's a paranoid 70 years old man . 
  thank you , sadly my ks is already transformed . 
  but i have the blessing, 
  i 've tried doing the bench hopping but the flower was broken upon reloading, 
  yeah , you ca n't proceed through the basin without super dash . 
  no way . 
  but you should be able to get out without it if i remember the path correctly . 
  nothing . 
  using dream nail on him is also not giving away any helpful information . 
  jonis blessing would be pretty useless like this . 
  chargeattack does also hit him once and is way safer than double slashing . 
  so i 'll just close the game then . 
  he is wondering about certain shrooms bouncing and others do n't . 
  or some trivial nonsense like that . 
  yes you have to take that way back up . 
  the only other way out is by tram . 
  but you get the tram pass in the area after the basin . 
  the spiked path you are talking about is accessed through yet another area you should not be able to be in just yet .
