  or we could wait a year or two until it goes f2p . 
  decisions , decisions . 
  brink and dirty bomd prove that anything can get players back when it goes f2p . 
  brink has over 1000 player online for fucks sake . 
  that game was shit even back in 2012, 
  obligatory fuck cod, 
  dont buy this game if you play nothing but siege . 
  could not be further away from that, 
  things never go well for them , even on populated games, 
  pff i know lawbreakers is performing like ass . 
  does n't stop cod from being a low skillcap noobfest published by the greediest sack of horseshit publisher under the sun lol . 
  oh and i also realize that lawbreaker is n't the best game ever , there are loads of issues . 
  but it 's unique and fresh and something new i have n't played before . 
  let 's see how fresh dat new cod will be hahahaha . 
  i bet you aim , shoot 2 bullets and get a kill . 
  then you walk 2 steps just to be killed from behind in about 0.5 seconds . 
  i doubt lawbreakers will lose any players to cod . 
  because there are 1 . not many it can still lose and 2 . those that are still here are far too skilled to go back to cod . 
  bad choice for a chill game, 
  my wait times did skyrocket too since i 've gotten better , the game seems to be strict with who you 're getting paired with, 
  thank you, 
  me too , it gets difficult to find a match here soon tho , eu servers ate not as populated , sadly, 
  so you got that because he killed himself with his own blindfire ? 
  yeah , no gears until they bother to fix this shit . 
  i think someone should actually get a ticket with the nvidia customer support, 
  probably aimbot . 
  but i agree , gunslinger in paticular just hits some shots sometimes where i 'd really like to see how in the world some people hit these . 
  well 343 does n't have to continue with it . 
  they 're free to go back, 
  all mmr is usually hidden, 
  you mean like these 3 or 4 betas they had ? 
  make it very clear to yourself what strengths these characters have before you choose one . 
  i for example never leave indoors when i play jugg . 
  because he 's pretty much useless as soon as there 's any kind of range . 
  pick one or two and make up your mind . 
  i always play titan on occupy because of the splash damage , but i never play him in blitzball . 
  low playerbase results into balancing issues, 
  another victim if the bad marketing this game had, 
  quick question about the latest 3 nvidia drivers . 
  a lot games are causing issues since these last drivers where published that they were not causing before . 
  gears 4 is just straight up freezing my entire system , lawbreakers has v sync , screen tearing issues and a lot of games are generally not performing as i was used to . 
  does anyone know if it 's actually the drivers ? 
  i 'm sure it is for gears and lawbreakers , but i do n't have concrete ` evidence ' for the others . 
  what happens in a case like this , where nvidias drivers fuck a game up ? 
  will they fix it eventually ? 
  he actually is the worst, 
  yes , the shotgun should be more punishing . 
  there 's lore ? 
  files are still shown for me, 
  jesus , and you 're on ps4 ? 
  i thought the game was doing ok for you guys ? 
  all the hate must 've flooded over to the ps4 version , what a shame, 
  it 's not about overbuffing jugg , this community wants juggernaut to be someone you respect . 
  right now jugg is just not punishing enough . 
  for how fucking gigantic his shotgun is . 
  there should be a real penalty for someone who comes too close to him , but the shotgun is just too weak for that , but surely the blade makes up for that ? 
  well no , it 's extremely hard to hit that blade sometimes . 
  anywaym point is the shotgun is not punishing enough . 
  and yeah , he 's takny , but he 's also the biggest walking target in the game . 
  burning him down with a minigun is so esay because pretty much everything always hits him . 
  so much that only q 's can burn it down . 
  do n't bother destroying it , waste of time, 
  number one blitzball goalie here , i approve of this, 
  in which universe is this game getting any attention ? 
  i think that even free weekends are a stretch right now . 
  but i and pretty much nobody else has a better or different solution . 
  we need more skull knight !, 
  wow , still no one playing, 
  ca n't wait for dat new rule34, 
  hey fellas , is it gay to be on a server with mods ? 
  i mean you 're literally talking to fa s, 
  thank you man , this actually helped out quite a bit, 
  nah , not until this stops lagging like this . 
  could n't play a significant chunk of today because the game was shitting itself . 
  i review every game i buy , and i will happily give this game a good review when it deserves one . 
  everyone is a newer player man , the game released yesterday . 
  i 'm a khalt user too and i only lost one match in arena . 
  yeah i only played five , but you can win , is what i 'm trying to say . 
  just play more against ai , get some fast moves and they try again . 
  also try to absorb more . 
  that ability is really powerful , i 've not seen a human use it yet tho . 
  only me, 
  thank god for ... 
  an incredible high bar , as it should be for paid mods, 
  the other people are correct . 
  the nose . 
  but to answer your question , yes you are in a way attractive . 
  click on my name, 
  yay , who 's the publisher ? 
  not a big fan of your chin, 
  the donald, 
  i wish we could make them this muscular, 
  i wonder how much crazy stuff we 'll see these next couple of days, 
  i wonder how much crazy stuff we 'll see these next couple of days, 
  do the other mini bosses drop their masks ? 
  haha that 's funny , i got that cloak from a trial like an hour ago, 
  that a mask with one eye closed and the other open ? 
  i wont buy this game without controller aim assist , no way . 
  trying to level stagger school , i get caught every time, 
  i 'm using stagger and just realized that the basic attacks only go straight down the middle .
