  and now i want express my feelings on how amazing i find this mod . 
  if the creator is reading this : please keep up the amazing work . 
  i will try to donate , hope it does n't only accept pay pal . 
  made my way up north , game told me i could n't go further . 
  double checked but fh was installed and active . 
  do i need to find nick first somehow ? 
  i played every gears game , and carmine ( s ) was ( were ) my favorite character ( s ) . 
  by far . 
  i even bought that save carmine shirt before gears 3 released . 
  well anyway , i waited for the price to drop a little to get this game . 
  i got it 2 days ago and immidiatly checked if you can play carmine in horde/pvp . 
  did n't find him . 
  but he 's listed as character on the gears wiki under pvp/horde characters . 
  how do i get him ? 
  site was talking about some pack ? 
  is this the only way ? 
  because i could n't find that either . 
  it is all very confusing to me . 
  i do n't even know how the skin looks yet . 
  the idea is fairly simple : you play horde , but on the side of the swarm . 
  halo reach had this gamemode in firefight . 
  all the game did was place 2 players on the covenant team which then fought against 3 human players who defended their base . 
  i think this idea is perfect for gow . 
  just do it like reach and let swarm players scale with the increasing difficulty . 
  was this discussed before ? 
  what do you guys think ? 
  [ removed ], 
  my xbox just broke . 
  looking for the pc version in the microsoft store now . 
  but the microsoft store tells me i have to buy it again even though i am logged in with my profile . 
  i thought this game was play anywhere ? 
  after playing the beta very extensivly today , i realized that this game has a very steep learning curve . 
  and that climbing this learning curve requires you not only to practice , but also to learn . 
  learn about your character , and every other character in this game . 
  but about what ? 
  you may wonder now . 
  about the combos . 
  what types of combos there are , what they are able to do , how to counter them and which devastating combo is executed by which character . 
  because being able to block and counter attack is not enough by a longshot . 
  it certainly helps , but it is not enough . 
  it may be enough for the chaos that are the 4v4 modes , but if you want to go into 2v2 or 1v1 , you need to have this shit nailed down . 
  now , to learn all this you need to go to these places after this order . 
  ( because it 's a little iffy to find ), 
  how to play, 
  free roam, 
  what you now do is pick characters you want to either 1 : practice with or 2 : learn to counter . 
  i 'll give you a brief example why you would wan na load in with a character you want to counter : i was playing pretty much nothing but 2v2 with the warden today . 
  i came across the berserker character quite a lot . 
  he had this one attack he kept hitting me with . 
  i could not counter attack even if my attacks were perfectly lined up . 
  so i loaded up free roam with him and learned that this attack was not able to be countered . 
  it had a lot of hyper armor . 
  if you are familiar with ds pvp . 
  anyways , this is how i learned that i had to block this guy from now on . 
  example ends here . 
  once in the free roam mode , you press start and look at the character 's moveset . 
  bring up the legend to learn what combo can do what . 
  there are quite a lot of different ones here . 
  some do poison damage , some are unblockable , some ca n't be countered , some are executed out of sprint etc. 
  want to practice ? 
  start nailing them down and practice with the bots in free roam . 
  want to counter this character because he 's a load of bullshit ? 
  just memorize what his combos can do and work out how to counter the most dangerous ones , like : unblockable . 
  ( people like to really spam these ), 
  this is a hero based game , like overwatch for example . 
  and the fact that you need to know how to counter certain heros is as true here as it is there . 
  some heros just have bullshit attacks . 
  and yes i know that some of you guys played the alpha , beta etc. 
  previously and that you guys know everything about this game already . 
  but there are new players here that can use some advice and practice . 
  because you need practice in this game . 
  anyways , thank you for reading , and if you have questions , just ask . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  just post the charm names below . 
  maybe we can compile a small list of useful combos . 
  will zote ever fuck off from dirtmouth ? 
  his background gibberish is starting to get to me every time i rest on the bench . 
  edit : found it, 
  hello ,, 
  i 'm currently on ng + and i recently noticed that enemies are able kill me with one blow . 
  not to mention quen , which breaks after 1 hit too . 
  this is true for enemies with a higher , same , or lower level than me . 
  i know it is ng + and that is is supposed to be harder , but 1 hit and dead ? 
  that 's just harsh , not even dark souls is that harsh . 
  so , is this supposed to be like this ? 
  i 'm lvl 75 and just landed in skellige . 
  and the missions are getting annoying like this . 
  just did the byways murders contract , and that ekkimara took ages to kill , and i 'm sure it was n't this jarring the first time around . 
  [ removed ], 
  i do play a lot of pvp , be it in the undead arena , fight clubs or what ever else there is . 
  in the last couple of days i ran into several people that were just unstaggerable . 
  i 'm not talking about trading , just plain outspacing and just hitting them . 
  but nothing happens . 
  i just played against a dude who just kept swinging his ultra greatsword . 
  so i hit him with my swordspear after he ran out of stamina . 
  but nothing happens , guy was not even blinking . 
  just started swinging again after 2 seconds . 
  so i tried my harald curved sword , outspaced him , and comboed into the weapon art . 
  again , nothing , he just kept swinging through the weapon art .
