  i 'm master like your brother , and i get burned out on overwatch too , a lot actually . 
  so i 'm sure there 's a chance there . 
  edit : not better game , just a new one, 
  i 'll get burned pretty hard for this , but who is mastermind ? 
  they had a long 45 minute call yesterday with esch other . 
  i wonder what she told him . 
  sad !, 
  i thought he had a really good secret isis defeat plan ?!, 
  i wish he would replace spicer, 
  looks exactly like my raider , even though mine is a low level scrub lord, 
  it 's not a balance issue , knights are just unpopular af . 
  maps that are taken over have some knight/samurai/viking stuff on it . 
  man , that 'd be great . 
  i 'm sure it was somewhat necessary to do so . 
  it may happen , if he keeps dishing out bullshit like this . 
  i see your emblem brother . 
  praise the sun . 
  i 'd rock this, 
  he still pulled the trigger, 
  this guy looks like a whiskey bottle that was brought to live by a wizard high on meth . 
  oh fuck off , the donald did n't even know about human rights before merkel explained it to him couple of days ago . 
  this is already fake news, 
  go find yourself another playground kid . 
  you look like lincoln clay in that first pic , i think that speaks volumes . 
  edit : let 's say you resemble him , before people jump me here . 
  clubpenguin is life, 
  you are good looking , but you 're not made for the camera . 
  but that 's ok . 
  pls no shirtless pics, 
  i really like those pics . 
  delete that first pic and that 's a 8.5 right there, 
  you look way better without make up . 
  so stop using it . 
  i think you 're pretty otherwise, 
  this is your first post ever snd you have 17 karma , all from this post . 
  it 's hard to believe you . 
  you 're probably just a troll . 
  we can finally play, 
  you 're face is really pretty , you will be truly beautiful as soon as you lost some weight, 
  i can barely see your hair on this pic tbh . 
  i thought this was an r/amisexy post , this does n't belong here . 
  you are pretty . 
  it 's all fine and dandy , until someone gets hurt, 
  i 'll only buy 4 of these . . not so busy after all i guess ... 
  i do n't have a single game on my phone , that right there is why, 
  not missing much, 
  as a german , fuck you guys for the spying . 
  from the bottom of my heart . 
  it 's behind us and in the past , but that was a big deal and obama brushed it off like it was the normal thing to do . 
  actually reminds me that the man was not all good . 
  i 'm german and i lost all hope in you guys when i saw how the primaries were going . 
  so do n't worry . 
  you mean : we are deeply sorry for the awful experience you had to endure . 
  that looks more like swedish, 
  looks really detailed, 
  truth be told , training in that armor is 10x harder, 
  started boxing and working out 3x a week . 
  does wonders to your self worth and deception . 
  this is called weeaboo , and a lot of 'em are female too . 
  the pics you are not smiling like a mad man on are the best for sure , 8,5 on those, 
  krane is one of my faves rn . 
  stomp was hot . 
  your body needs work, 
  `` always pushing me to do the right thing '', 
  she must give horrible advice then, 
  maybe your next raid will go better if you stop tweeting about matters of complete unimportance , donnie . 
  watching you guys over the big pond , and got ta say , pretty embarrassing . 
  even if it would be an illness that would make it possible to impeach him , who would enforce it ? 
  surely not the congress . 
  sheogorath would surely be more respected than trump . 
  of course it does , but who will do something about it ? 
  seriously , i ca n't keep seeing her face every day . 
  please , someone , anyone . 
  police state here we come, 
  make her eat dirt . 
  you 're curing the mexican infection with that wall . 
  we europeans will be ever so grateful . 
  the first picture is really good , you can be truly beautiful if you keep hitting the gym etc. 
  i 'd hit on you, 
  your body needs work , all i 'll say on that matter, 
  6 on those pics, 
  3 man , that beard is horrific, 
  will mark it in my calendar, 
  you 're not fat lol , who said that ? 
  just euthanize them , who cares right ? 
  horrible , just horrible what is going on rn . 
  you look so good without make up, 
  the snow one really gets me going . 
  what console are you on ? 
  because they worked fine for me . 
  i woke up this morning and saw a thread : lawbringer sucks , buff . 
  the game was out for 8 hours and the game literally sais lawbringer = hard . 
  i for one am having a great time with the lawbringer . 
  * rams poleaxe into foot accidentially *, 
  that part was awfully boring, 
  my thoughts exactly, 
  nah , just waiting for it since release which was only 1\u00a01/2 years ago . 
  no big deal . 
  blood dragon lawbringer tho, 
  remember when everyone was apeshit excited about how halo 5 's story looked good ?
