  the only spin attacks are on the alternative button, 
  pls message me when you posted that, 
  boxed 4 years in high school , and yes , this game comes pretty close to real life . 
  things like keeping your cover up while throwing punches is not here , but hey , ca n't have everything right in a game . 
  this the 3rd post i saw . 
  with you in it . 
  you can keep posting , but i do n't think that 'll change anything , honestly . 
  you should rather focus on how to fix this unhealthy obsession with your looks . 
  maybe talk to someone . 
  hope this helped . 
  how old are you ? 
  maybe you should ask that yourself before posting . 
  no one here can rate you properly because you 're so fucking young , and anyone that can/will should be in jail . 
  now get off reddit and come back in 10 years, 
  seen gameplay of it , rather expansive actually . 
  all the team did was rail the monster for 10 minutes . 
  no tension , not too difficult , everybody just spamming their stuff by themselves . 
  i also hated the art style , looked like fortnite just with swords n shit . 
  yeah , i inly get gear that drops in the world anyways, 
  ` feathers and colorful marks suggest that this mask was crafted by a newforest-apprentice . 
  the sting in the middle could be a bird 's beak - or a spear . ', 
  yep , glad to finally be rewarded with a cool mask, 
  i like how he repeatedly bumps into them, 
  the orange paintjob might 've been a mistake lol, 
  yes, 
  happens too often, 
  i 'll pierce people 's butts is what i 'm gun do, 
  those pictures look like you tried very hard to make it look like a ` production ' . 
  that means it 's either a really shit one , or it 's selfmade . 
  the fact that it 's only one angle and only every you does n't help btw . 
  not only salty but also racist . 
  mmh , my favourite . 
  not ugly , but your face seems swolen, 
  i think that 's the coolest mask i 've seen yet, 
  r aio got roasted pretty hard there, 
  boxing is not about raw strength, 
  gutter flash backs, 
  yes, 
  find out soon , in a future update which we will reveal soon !, 
  hopefully . 
  or , you know , in absolver 2 . 
  that 's a lot of abilities bob, 
  your word right into god 's ear, 
  it 's a saying . 
  just means that i hope what he said will turn out to happen, 
  you 're hacking bro , game only dropped one mask and i played a lot, 
  cute 8, 
  how do i join or create a school ? 
  so i need to find someone that has a school , i ca n't search for it ? 
  we all have shit rng man , it 's an illusion that it 's only you, 
  yeah , i realized that . 
  so i just use mine again . 
  which i put some thought into, 
  agree on everything you say . 
  one thing i want to add and stress is that they really should 've released the game with the 2v2 and 3v3 in it . 
  these 1v1s get so fucking boring so fast . 
  i 'm level 30 in combat trials , and it felt like ages to get here . 
  yeah , when you are combat trials level 50, 
  i think it 's that bitch slap move, 
  i 'm most excited for new players . 
  and before i get downvoted to hell , take a look at steam player counts . 
  i wo n't be able to find a match in ranked with what ? 
  100 players ? 
  and 20 of those in my region . 
  what a miserable fucking thing to see . 
  ps4 players get excited i guess , i 'll stay on absolver until the game has 1000 players again , period . 
  something that dark souls is no stranger to, 
  it 's not the game that gets hate , it 's ubisoft 's awful servers and microtransactions bullshit . 
  seeing it all lain out like this makes me realize just how much you have to play to be able to use your deck properly . 
  sarah fuckabee sanders already walked it back, 
  these a re all just - class memes ro, 
  happened to me yesterday . 
  got rekt the entire morning , then something clicked and i won like 5 matches in a row . 
  today i switched schools and deck , and i 'm right at home where i was yesterday morning . 
  i hope this is real, 
  i still think that the game 's core is , in fact , amazing . 
  it 's just something i have n't seen before . 
  sadly , ubisoft happened again . 
  i have literally no idea what you 're talking about . 
  never heard about that game . 
  did he recommend it ? 
  yeah watching it now , this guy scream a lot, 
  when your music is kinda shitty but your heart is still in the right spot, 
  well , you would probably see more if the game would n't emphazise the player to switch between styles all the time, 
  looks good, 
  what i meant primarly is that you have to switch to a new style and new deck , if you want to learn a style and rank up in a school as fast as possible . 
  i 've seen a dude yesterday who was using all boss gear , yet , he sucked horribly . 
  then i joined his school and saw the deck the mentor gives to students . 
  it was horrible . 
  probably shopped , still accurate . 
  what ? 
  you lost progress ? 
  man that is some bs . 
  i personally liked rakkio 's deck . 
  i was actually kinda bumped to see it go . 
  i have to rejoin the school and replicate it . 
  from the level 60 fight huh ? 
  oh , yeah it will disappear as soon as you join another school to learn another style . 
  all the moves will still be locked unless you learned them from enemies ( even though you used them , does n't make any sense ) . 
  also make sure that you grinded out the xp you need to permanently unlock the style before you leave .
