  i will gladly vote for it, 
  doom ? 
  overwatch will get the crown most likely and not doom . 
  what about armor ? 
  thank you , 
  i 'm a melee only build right now . 
  my stamina is good and my weapons hits hard , now my question : will it still be viable against the new frost spells ? 
  there are covenant rewards in vanilla . . 
  darkmoons only get proof when killing an invader, 
  these guys are hard hitting motherfuckers, 
  i fought that guy 8 hours straight before we finally killed his bitch ass, 
  a new phantom has been summoned, 
  a new phantom has been summoned, 
  a new phantom has been summoned, 
  this guy is so desperate right now it 's hilarious . 
  he will lose the election and be like : i do n't believe the election , i won this , clearly . 
  shit 's rigged . 
  the ult will ddos the servers for one day . 
  i have a billion spare silver knight sets + shields . 
  if someone is interested . 
  xbox one . 
  i highly doubt the game is more active on ps4 . 
  and to be honest , i 'm not having too much trouble playing pvp on x1 rn . 
  just bronze league things, 
  trump does n't understand how the world works, 
  i remember when he placed too low ( his interpretation ) on forbe 's rich list and claimed it was rigged against him . 
  i will be a sunlight warrior guiding people to the lightfires, 
  i played it and it 's far from the best . 
  the ai is as dumb as bread.good level design and the pace is right . 
  but the best ever ? 
  lolnein . 
  oh man that sucks , one of my fave achievements in gaming ever was the one in tf1 where you had to wipe the whole enemy team by yourself in drop ship phase . 
  i was super proud to have that because i was the only one on my friends list to have it, 
  i really like how this game plays . 
  nothing to add . 
  it 's a worthy sequel . 
  gen 8 tf1 btw . 
  my friend 's using him all day , same reaction lol, 
  i am not having this problem on xbox one . 
  i 'm not trying to deny that you are having it . 
  i 'm just saying that it is working fine for me and my 2 friends, 
  there was a little note attached to the box with the games . 
  it read : please do n't send your game , thanks . 
  `` what ? 
  i ca n't hear you . 
  i need to talk to someone with money . '', 
  nice work !, 
  are you kidding ? 
  that is nothing, 
  because it is, 
  no ronin does n't need a buff , my best friend plays him all the time and goes on huge sprees . 
  and he 's a mediocre player . 
  no , do n't use it . 
  it 's garbage . 
  there was a challenge in tf1 where your titan had to get kills on his own . 
  only time i used that . 
  ea wants to kill cod off for good by releasing bf and tf at around roughly the same time . 
  which is a good idea , sadly that will hurt tf 2 in a big way . 
  i actually think that the pistols are pretty strong . 
  the mosambik ( shotgun ) and wingman in particular . 
  wingman is a one shot headshot and aiming is n't that hard . 
  i can not tell the difference between a grunt and an enemy pilot firing, 
  i would n't use anything else . 
  crash site has to be worst , but my fave is actually complex, 
  maybe only on your server . 
  5000 is incredibly low, 
  yeah this game has a detection problem . 
  there 's simply too many abilities like that in the game . 
  i could forgive them if there was a counter to it . 
  but there is n't . 
  radar block does only block , you guessed it , radars and not the hud ( for the wall hack ) . 
  i hate to say it , but we need a ghost perk like cod has it . 
  the maps are decently big . 
  no battlefield maps but still big . 
  it even takes a little while to get around as a pilot . 
  i play nothing but legion . 
  i had huge trouble in the beginning too . 
  but i 've found out how to play him . 
  my best tips :, 
  use precision mode , it 's easier to hit everything . 
  ( just until you are more skilled with him ), 
  ads before turning corners to warm up the minigun and get ready to fire . 
  use the extra boost . 
  use it to dash behind cover whilst reloading the minigun . 
  smart core is not only an aimbot , it also gives infinite ammo upon activation . 
  so what you should do is : empty a mag on a titan and activate it around 10 bullets to have the maximum damage possible . 
  your gunshield does actually hold off a lot of damage , do n't be afraid to engage . 
  activating it whilst reloading is a good idea if there 's no cover . 
  the sniper and shotgun shot take a little while to charge and shoot , so think ahead and activate it behind cover , dash out , release towards enemy , pop gunshield , fire away . 
  this is especially effective against titans below a dome shield . 
  just wait until they are active and blast their face off with the shotgun shot . 
  always remember that legion 's biggest weakness is the need to change firemodes and reloading . 
  always think ahead what kind of engagement you seek , adjust fire mode and try to keep it either short or lo g range depending on what you chose . 
  do n't be afraid to take on shield 's when your smart core is ready . 
  just keep firing . 
  what can happen ? 
  nothing , you have infinite ammo . 
  you can not run away whilst your gunshield is active , meaning once you start firing with it , you have to stick with firing until you have to reload or your shield is drained . 
  so no running away . 
  i hope this will help you to become a better legion pilot .
