  i also like hawaii , and i do n't get the hate honestly . 
  you ? 
  with cheese lol, 
  no i never had fancy pizza honestly , just really plain and normal . 
  but i 've been to the usa a couple of times and i 've seen people put pizza into the chocolate fountain ... and yeah , my buddy puked behind the restaraunt, 
  best fallout hands down , faction ? 
  no idea why , but we were high school kids and yeah , got ta try new things i guess . 
  washington pizza places i guess ? 
  not sure, 
  like 10 years , or less ? 
  not sure, 
  i 'm jealous , i love souls but i only own a pc . 
  always thinking about getting a os4 for that game, 
  that 's people that kinda care about you , 
  i can think of that one , but nothing aside from that lol . 
  never seen it in my country certainly, 
  i 'll check for an emulator tomorrow lol, 
  well you reap what you sow . 
  terrible connections for many players and only one mode as ` endgame ' at release . 
  fair, 
  nier automata is an amazing game , sadly i still need to use the modded version, 
  how about we just play halo 3 , where the armor does n't look like someone painted it with glossy lipstick, 
  what ? 
  you mean one inexperienced modder is not good enough ? 
  i ca n't believe it !, 
  he fucks up enough on his own ,, 
  commiting suicide, 
  speak for yourself, 
  currently in kinda the same situation . 
  just a little different . 
  anyway , i do n't know how long it can still continue like this , i 'm older than you so it 's already messed with me quite a bit . 
  anyway , i 'm european too , where you from ? 
  same lol, 
  the teal question at this point is : how much will germany 's far right party gain ? 
  they might ascend to be the 3rd biggest party these elections . 
  why are they all so sexy, 
  accent too bad , could n't finish video, 
  i hope it 's not too late, 
  i will be playing , no matter how many people attend . 
  we need to show potential new players how good the game is . 
  without being dicks . 
  so i will try to help new players . 
  no matter the team . 
  so , i created my first ever clean map in halo . 
  the map is called `` this road '' . 
  it 's a btb puzzle map . 
  i know that sounds odd but hear me out . 
  the map consists of 2 bases connected by a long road . 
  but said road is n't your normal road . 
  it is filled with little puzzles , hiding spots and even riddles to complete and or solve . 
  the idea was to create a map huge teams can fight on , whilst both teams were trying to do the jump puzzles to fight over power weapons . 
  every puzzle rewards players with a power weapon . 
  some of them are n't too easy . 
  the two bases both have the exact same supplies and are identical to each other , however a btb map often has a sniper right ? 
  well my map has them too , and they are very powerful . 
  but to get your hands on them , you got ta find 'em first . 
  so that 's basically it . 
  the maps is called `` this road '' and can be found in my fileshare . 
  the gamemode 's name is identical . 
  i would love to get some feedback if someone could spare the time . 
  i know people usually add some imgur pics and or a yt video . 
  but i do n't have a yt channel and i also do n't have imgur . 
  so i guess you just got ta download and see for yourself . 
  i mean it 's free anyways . 
  i highly recommend not to simply go in forge and search for all the solutions etc. 
  gt : salt the woundz, 
  hey ready up live , i realized this place exists and decided to share my newest parcour map with you guys . 
  it 's name is newton 's reboot . 
  it has a nice little unique theme to it , that waits to be discovered . 
  i tried to implement new mechanics as well . 
  i hope the mainstreamers will take a look at it and maybe consider trying it . 
  my gt is : salt the woundz, 
  you may remember me . 
  i am the guy who forged valhalla labs . 
  does n't matter if you do n't though . 
  i 'm not sure which map is harder . 
  probably valhalla . 
  they 're both more or less easy for me since i am the creator . 
  hard to tell . 
  so again , new map . 
  name : newton 's reboot . 
  it 's in my fileshare . 
  have fun breaking controllers . 
  it looks sick to say the least . 
  if you have any idea where he got that from please comment, 
  the idea of a parkour map that has the theme of a prison escape was in my head for quite some time now . 
  so i went on and started forging one very recently . 
  the map is now finished and is called black ceiling . 
  i really wanted that the player is actually feeling the need to escape from said prison . 
  i spent a lot of time with the design the map has . 
  but you can see all that for yourself . 
  my gt is : pilot dalamen, 
  i changed my name recently , i was salt the woundz before . 
  you might know my map valhalle labs . 
  i hope to hear some feedback . 
  it will be appreciated . 
  i 'm stoked for this new stance . 
  will rock it as soon as i get my hands on it . 
  this is basically explaining why forge is as important as it simply is . 
  we all know that forge is a great map editor , probably the best one ever created for a first person shooter .
