  i honestly did not know what to do . 
  so i bowed and used black crystal . 
  did i miss a new super effective poise build or what 's going on here ? 
  because this is not the first unstaggerable man that i met . 
  they keep popping up and it 's starting to really annoy me , to a point where i just turned the game off . 
  edit : this is on xbox , so hacking is still an option , but unlikely . 
  i do play a lot of pvp , be it in the undead arena , fight clubs or what ever else there is . 
  in the last couple of days i ran into several people that were just unstaggerable . 
  i 'm not talking about trading , just plain outspacing and just hitting them . 
  but nothing happens . 
  i just played against a dude who just kept swinging his ultra greatsword . 
  so i hit him with my swordspear after he ran out of stamina . 
  but nothing happens , guy was not even blinking . 
  just started swinging again after 2 seconds . 
  so i tried my harald curved sword , outspaced him , and comboed into the weapon art . 
  again , nothing , he just kept swinging through the weapon art . 
  i honestly did not know what to do . 
  so i bowed and used black crystal . 
  did i miss a new super effective poise build or what 's going on here ? 
  because this is not the first unstaggerable man that i met . 
  they keep popping up and it 's starting to really annoy me , to a point where i just turned the game off . 
  edit : this is on xbox , so hacking is still an option , but unlikely . 
  i just stopped playing after getting my ass absolutely handed to me . 
  i have no illusions , i suck . 
  and all i want are people of my own skill . 
  is there any way to preference skill during matchmaking ? 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  i bought this game last week and i 'm loving it . 
  then i purchased the dlc and activated it . 
  grave mistake . 
  all my best characters are infected and dying . 
  trying to remove the curse just brings them into the grave faster . 
  i 'm simply too weak and unskilled to deal with this curse yet . 
  and all the new characters i get will be infected right away too . 
  so , can i simply disable the dlc and wait until i am ready ? 
  [ removed ], 
  hey r/rain !, 
  i came up with the idea to create a playlist that captures the feeling of rain . 
  i really wanted it to enhance the act of rain appreciation . 
  the playlist contains mostly relaxing electronic and alternative music . 
  i wanted the songs to feel calming , neutral and above all else free from emotion , mostly that is . 
  i hope some of you have a use for this . 
  so i 've played the game for a while on my xbox , then switched over to my pc . 
  and for the first 2 weeks everything was fine . 
  no problems at all . 
  but the game just started freezing my entire pc a couple of days ago . 
  it happends pretty much every 2nd match or so . 
  especially annoying in ranked . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  and i 'm not talking about just the game crashing me to the desktop . 
  it freezes my entire machine . 
  i ca n't even turn it off anymore . 
  pulling the plug is my only option every time . 
  and i ca n't imagine that that is too healthy for my machine . 
  so does anyone know why ? 
  i love this game but i just ca n't keep playing it like this . 
  switching back tomy xbox might be a possibility , but i do n't really want to do that . 
  i 'd rather resolve this annoying issue . 
  the link for the pc discord might be helpful . 
  edit problem resolved . 
  it was indeed the driver . 
  thank you guys . 
  did they fix the issues with the latest driver ? 
  i just reached level 24 , i had to play approx . 
  2 hours to get from 23 to 24 . 
  the game already feels like a slog to advance through . 
  the result is the feeling of not being rewarded for the time invested in it . 
  because getting a box with boring kick decals one has no use for is simply a horrible feeling , when you invested 2 hours to get it . 
  am i the only one that feels like this ? 
  i suggest the game adds daily and weekly challenges . 
  the daily could give you xp and the weekly like 3 stash drops or something similar . 
  just spitballing . 
  any other ideas ? 
  i hope something is done on this front , ca n't see myself playing for long if nothing changes . 
  because i have a feeling those 2 hours will eventually turn into way more than that . 
  ca n't play right now , and ca n't find the announcement with the timetable . 
  i 'm experiencing very nasty screen tearing in the more detailed areas of the game . 
  i ca n't seem to find a fix . 
  anyone here that has a solution ? 
  help would be greatly appreciated . 
  so i just joined this forsaken school after mastering stagger . 
  since stagger had a rather workable deck , i thought this forsaken deck would be at least equal . 
  but it 's a mess , nothing makes sense . 
  no quick attacks , no zoning , only slow , telegraphed attacks . 
  and it 's not even completely filled up . 
  i just can not believe the game would give me this mess to work with , so i came to the conclusion that the mentor makes the deck that the others can use ? 
  ( i decided to use my own btw ) . 
  did n't understand the puzzles , quite frankly i do n't want to spend my time with them , so i ignored them . 
  now i did everything and all that is left are these spires . 
  i still do n't understand them . 
  if someone could explain them to me , that 'd be great , thanks . 
  edit : found the rubbings , thank 's guys . 
  i was a little pissed off at the game . 
  i 'm about to depart into new game + . 
  but i would like to get my hands on a complete set of iron guard armor first . 
  if possible . 
  can someone help me ? 
  been walking through the city for two days now banging my head against the wall unable to make any progress , i 'm getting annoyed and angry with the game , i just want to enjoy the combat and level my characters and not search like a dumbass . 
  can someone please tell me what to do ?
