  yeah . 
  this is honestly huge . 
  anyone know when it will be activated ? 
  but did you ever have it, 
  think 7/10 . 
  this is like the third time i see you post girl, 
  are you russian ? 
  stop with the cat stuff on your face, 
  my money is on tumblr genderbender girl . 
  is think it 's called `` debuff '' . 
  it 's usually timed and should go away after a while . 
  the only way to get rid off it without waiting is to search for a shop that sells a medicine that should remove the debuff caused by depression . 
  every hub area should have at least one shop selling it . 
  look into the item description . 
  you get out of the tutorial by around level 10 . 
  but the social interaction/speech skill is criminally underrated . 
  npcs tend to be cunts when your character model is not fleshed out . 
  how much time did you spend in character creation ? 
  it boosts speech for a short duration . 
  the trade off are debuffs as soon as the effect wears off . 
  so you got ta use the consumable with care . 
  very risky at times . 
  for real . 
  i 'm so sick and tired of people collecting summons all over the place just to walk a marathon over to midir . 
  that happens to me all the time . 
  90 % of people want to go fight midir . 
  bioware is a massive studio with several b studios . 
  they decided to fuck up andromeda by themselves . 
  not saying ea did n't help achieve that , but they should not get all the blame . 
  yeah , guess so, 
  not sexy , not ugly, 
  that sounds amazing . 
  have fun . 
  and best of luck . 
  stay strong man . 
  you will make it through these bad times . 
  everything will work out as it should , even if you two end up seperated . 
  why are you taking a break right now ? 
  you mind telling me that ? 
  yeah dude that does suck , and no you really can not do anything about it . 
  just wait it out . 
  but at the same time i have to admit that it does sound like and excuse to break up . 
  for me at least . 
  the last 6 months were amazing you say ? 
  sure about that ? 
  nothing happened ? 
  because if that were the case i ca n't really believe she would break up over such a small matter , especially if you came back together 6 months ago already . 
  something 's fishy here man . 
  and if she really is throwing a tantrum over that without anything else ? 
  that sounds like a lot of trouble going froward , if you get back . 
  you have a point , ca n't deny that . 
  but at least think through the last six months , that 's my advice . 
  anyways , best of luck to you going forward . 
  i hope you get her back if she 's perfect in your eyes . 
  i know how that feels , telling someone is relieving . 
  how long have you been seperate now ? 
  mh a week is a ling time if you love and miss someone . 
  are you guys texting ? 
  or did she block you ? 
  do n't sweat , i 'm 20 myself . 
  and no it really does not sound stupid or childish at all . 
  that 's just how people communicate these days . 
  it does also sound like she 's missing you very much . 
  i got very positive vibes from what you wrote , i do n't think it will be long until you will be with her again . 
  it looks like an actual military armor design . 
  practical , robust and useful . 
  and they all die one hit ? 
  his fucking infowars shirt, 
  63 is too low, 
  for me it was . 
  killed me 2 hit every time . 
  was unable to kill him before level 90 . 
  this is my first souls game , so take that as you want i guess . 
  such a depressive and desperate vibe . 
  i 'm struggling with insomania a lot and this captures the feelings i have some nights really well . 
  sleep , usually such an easy thing to achieve , but still out of reach , for some reason . 
  just you wait for the colosseum, 
  more, 
  are we talking the same zote ? 
  or are you being metaphorical ? 
  with how often he is nearly dead but then get 's rescued ? 
  wow , your self control has to be god like . 
  i would burst out in laughter , probably die of laughter , knowing me . 
  first rule of reddit , never tell anyone your username . 
  like ever . 
  you stole all my pillows , this is unforgivable . 
  now that 's the real story here . 
  it 's dutch, 
  more, 
  body, 
  my best friend 's brother did this with a very close female friend . . my best friend had . 
  it was just awful all around . 
  nothing but trouble . 
  they broke up very fast and she could never be over at the house again because obviously the brother was almost always there . 
  oh and their dad never stopped fooling around about it , highly annoying and irritating situation . 
  i 'll give you a straight 0/10 for the `` i got bullied card '' . 
  stop feeling guilty about it . 
  it 's natural , all of it . 
  so who gives a fuck . 
  unless you 're religious .
