  he 's also a poor leader who ca n't stay calm for more than 2 minutes without throwing an embarrassing tantrum . 
  yeah let 's blame the internet for shit i ca n't handle properly . 
  good plan . 
  the uk has a history when it comes to blaming shit too much . 
  aka david cameron blaming the eu for everything for fucking years . 
  and then when shit was getting real he tried to save the connection since he knoews he just blamed the eu for his fuck ups . 
  but i 'm glad to see that theresa may is exactly like him . 
  yeah , blue spawns , runs in like a hero , dies . 
  every time . 
  just stay back , let me kill him , take your ear and fuck off . 
  hang in there skeleton, 
  this started off really cool , and then it turned into an iron pineapple/yung video . 
  i really like those 2 guys , but i hoped this would be something else , looking at how awesome it started out . 
  her teeth, 
  good save, 
  good , so everything can be used against him . 
  and now we even have his own greenlight for it !, 
  splendid !, 
  you 're not ugly . 
  and btw , the blonde hair is really working for you . 
  should go with that imo . 
  all my friends hate overwatch , so screw me, 
  it 's not really cheating , you still have to be able to deploy it effective . 
  my best friend was stuck on midir for a long time . 
  then he asked me to just mercury his ass . 
  and i did it , but it took a long time to kill him , even with mercury . 
  because my friend kept dying . 
  more like memedir, 
  that might 've saved you the point lol, 
  us is being schooled by kim lol, 
  this guy is just as mentally challenged, 
  i like the taste of blood, 
  you 're a teenager and you have acne , but that will go away . 
  do n't worry . 
  and you will be very good looking then . 
  because everything else is fine already , face , body , hair . 
  so what ever . 
  wait it out . 
  palpatine , he has the memes . 
  he also does n't know how to be a president . 
  that 's why you usually elect people with experience . 
  yeah , kinda, 
  pretty sad and incoherent answer . 
  he just digged a grave he will die in . 
  and comey will look down on him from above . 
  good on you for not losing it . 
  i could not contain myslef if such a fat bitch would call me a pig whilst i talk to her child-rapist boyfriend . 
  that just dodged prison by an inch . 
  how very surprising how unsurprising this is . 
  just wait for the backlash for trump to admit it on twitter and make spicy look like a moron ( again ) . 
  he was very aggressive and ignorant about it too lol . 
  they 're worse than garbage , garbage would n't be as noisy and annoying . 
  people give her credit for being clever . 
  attractive = / = clever . 
  why is mattis rolling with this ? 
  this is essentially holding up a swastika . 
  i mean they do stand for the same values . 
  you can bet your ass that shit was on trumps order, 
  my grandpa was a german soldier who was captured and brought to a british prisoner camp . 
  he won a chess tournament and they played football all day every day until the war was over . 
  was n't too bad . 
  yeah he was lucky . 
  especially as someone who hated hitler with all his power . 
  facial expressions are n't ideal i 'd say, 
  sport, 
  he was fighting on the russian front , got shot in his arm . 
  captured . 
  was handed over to the british for what ever reason . 
  one could built that in . 
  forge was expanded to built bigger maps recently . 
  but it would take a shitload of work to even open the structure up and continue the work . 
  more nay than yay, 
  shit , i never hit a single boss with my dreamnail, 
  that sounds like a kleptomaniac . 
  they have this urge to just steal shit . 
  just random shit . 
  not because it 's useful , just to have it . 
  it 's the crown, 
  would the twin princes sword work on a faith/lightning build ? 
  currently running my own ancient dragonslayer build . 
  which is over the top effective . 
  just wondering if that sword can even compete . 
  yeah , the worst thing is how he did everything in his power to show exactly how unqualified and just plain stupid he is . 
  the us got exactly what was shown to them . 
  a fucking moron who is doing everything he can to just utterly destroy the us 's reputation , without even realizing it !, 
  that decision might 've been even stupider , oh and let 's not forget the splendid showing of theresa may 's incompetence we received last week . 
  i doubt they care . 
  they made more money with gta 5 than everyone in this sub combined ever will make . 
  and now there 's a `` mostly negative '' on it 's store page . 
  so what ? 
  they will keep making money , maybe a little less , but they will still make so much fucking money . 
  what ever you do , just remember that you 're not the bad guy if you decide to leave her/him . 
  she decided this for herself , which is her good right . 
  but you have the just-as-good right to leaver her over it , since it does not only affect her , but you as well . 
  you 're taking me too seriously dude . 
  they made a metric fuckton of money . 
  satisfied now ? 
  we 've known this for a while man . 
  just look at how he was going on about the `` rigged '' election last year . 
  yeah , it all makes sense now .
