  mueller fits way better . 
  i think trump calls them patriots, 
  this is glorious, 
  theresa may is not very respectable , let me tell you that, 
  the leader reflects the nation . 
  you guys have a lot people living in poor , rural areas . 
  they are dragging you down . 
  how is this even a headline ? 
  how many killers voted for trump ? 
  someone searched for the needle here, 
  final solution is the word hitler used for the jewish, 
  yes , blue states have birth rates . 
  but in comparison all of these problems listed are way higher in bible belt states . 
  they are present in other states too , obviously , but not in such an extent and in their entirety . 
  no he 's right . 
  you have simply no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you probably just belong to this demographic he is referring to and now you feel the unnecessary urge to defend yourself and what you stand for . 
  which is pointless since facts and logical reason back him up . 
  now add the fact of your inability to defend yourself with facts to that and here we are . 
  my comment which is also pointless , since bringing my point across is a hopeless endeavour . 
  since you belong to that demographic . 
  i just hope someone sends top tier assassins after their asses / s, 
  schadenfreude is one of the worst feelings a human can have . 
  one should not take pleasure from another 's misfortune . 
  yet we do . 
  i felt very happy, 
  he was probably drunk as shit, 
  i 'll pass on the comment reading . 
  i like to keep my eyes . 
  it 's official , europe 's core abandoned the us . 
  putin is not the brightest either . 
  he made it crystal clear that he is trying to hack everything . 
  got traced in 3 different cases now . 
  a very smart person would avoid that . 
  that was the us media and journalism failing . 
  they grinded his dick for the views . 
  their fault . 
  kushner is far from smart, 
  yeah , good idea . 
  just bomb people . 
  isis does that too . 
  and they were very successful with that strategy . 
  get away from your family . 
  you do n't seem lost yet . 
  sure, 
  exactly what hitler did, 
  everyone with half a brain knows that 4chan is packed with white supremacists/terrorists . 
  and everyone who does n't is probably one themselves, 
  nice, 
  racist, 
  we honestly do n't give a fuck . 
  we just laugh, 
  only thing that needs adjustment are the dual ultragreatswords . 
  those are still waaay too ridiculous . 
  too much damage for too little effort . 
  not even fp consumption . 
  yeah but it 's trump . 
  the guy who teases the world on the paris climate pact on twitter . 
  he still thinks his presidency is some kind of game show . 
  and this was his tease for the next episode . 
  gotte watch it if you want to know what it means . 
  or what ever . 
  trump respects china . 
  doubt it 'll work though . 
  the front page cartoons are always spot on . 
  irrelevant . 
  the us is the bad guy here . 
  and germany , eu the good ones . 
  no world wars needed . 
  for an effect on either side . 
  you 've not been considered the best country for a long time . 
  from a european standpoint at least . 
  the huge gap between republicans and dem 's made you guys look like a kindergarden for a while . 
  but germany is n't the best one either . 
  very well written , i enjoyed reading this . 
  you 're not ugly . 
  probably never were . 
  i do n't like your face . 
  your smile creepy me out, 
  no shit sherlock . 
  no thanks , do n't want people to fire questions at me at all times . 
  how useful paintball equipment is, 
  gotthard drops the keys , and he does n't go for lothric unless all others are defeated . 
  the ultimate honor , he 's a hand after all . 
  good theory , but why are the archives not opened yet when he was already thrown from the roof ? 
  did he phase through the door the first time ? 
  why would you lock a door and keep a key right outside the door on gotthard ? 
  they must 've known he had one . 
  how would he have gotten in otherwise ? 
  you would also have to abandon the choke point your were told to protect . 
  i think something else killed him . 
  but i have no clue what . 
  if i tell you to leave me be , please do . 
  and do n't just sit there insisting to stay even though i am clearly not in the mood to talk . 
  the world is lost . 
  infowars is seen as a credible source by the white house . 
  * mada mada in the distance *, 
  it should 've never been there in the first place . 
  trump presents everything military folk should hate . 
  he 's a rich born coward who dodged service and never had to work for anything but presidency in his life .
