  if you like jugg , stick to the gravity flanking routes . 
  you can really rule those . 
  not everyone can be that skilled . 
  he has the high ground . 
  i hope his ult increases player count on the server . 
  i 'd like an ability where he shoots his bayonett for good damage, 
  . . that sticks to the enemy and pulls him in ... ? 
  yeah i know roadhog blablabla . 
  how about a knockback that can actually nail an enemy onto a wall if the knockback carries far enough ? 
  might be op though . 
  sounds good , hard to pull off but rewarding . 
  just has to be implemented now, 
  pretty sure wraith smg does more dps, 
  the latest developer update mentioned new content is planned and worked on . 
  a specific roadmap is not available yet . 
  but there are things coming , do n't worry . 
  her ult damage will be nerfed tomorrow . 
  i agree , too many upsides to her . 
  this will never release , i honestly think they messed it up but do n't want to admit the cancel, 
  no there 's always at least 400 or so people online . 
  this has to be either a problem on your or their side when it comes to the servers . 
  you should find a game . 
  not with a huge variety of people , mind . 
  no , battleborn is n't even on the 50 most played games list on xbox . 
  ca n't speak for ps4 . 
  ca n't imagine it 's better over there . 
  i just do n't want lawbringers to suffer the same fate . 
  but it looks like it will, 
  actually higher than i expected , but still exepetionally low, 
  eh i 'm 21 , does that count ? 
  i 'd be ok if it stays like it is . 
  but i 'm sure that wo n't happen, 
  ah , the ol' stabby and slidy, 
  good advice lol , tell someone to pay over 1000 bucks for a pc to solve a problem that is not his responsibility . 
  yeah it is bs , i 've seen assassins that never use their blades . 
  only shotgun . 
  why is juggernaut in the game again ? 
  you fire behind you to either propell yourself through 0g zones using momentum ( so you do n't float like a giant target ) , or to defend yourself while running away with an objective . 
  high skillcap arena shooters tend to not be beginner friendly but yeah , they need proper tutorials that teach you how to properly move through 0g . 
  my profile , i 'm down for playing and meeting people . 
  i 'm not amazing at mouse usage but i know how to play an fps damn well . 
  lyrics are kinds creepy lol, 
  i 'm still disgusted by those nazi dicks hijacking pepe and turning him into a symbol for hate and racism . 
  it was but an innocent meme . 
  edit : if you are on the donald you 're a nazi , or at least a nazi supporter , sorry not sorry . 
  the donald is a disgusting place that cheered when heather died . 
  you filth make me vomit just thinking about you . 
  fair enough, 
  no , but it is in the minds of a lot of people because nazis actively use him . 
  he 's on t_d for fucks sake, 
  do n't forget ` bout dat sweet ass 4k minecraft, 
  happened to me with blitzball , game needs to indicate stronger when u picked up the obj, 
  i still do n't know what he actually said, 
  is that the newest one for hellblade , lawbreakers , agents of mayhem ? 
  glad you found it , using it myself, 
  wow, 
  i do n't know , but i 'm glad this modder was able to do this exceptional job, 
  i play with it on survival and upped the enemies damage to 3x . 
  no cakewalk . 
  i wanted to make clear that i was not involved in creating this, 
  what 's in his hand ? 
  a can of beer ? 
  this looks like a cheap knock off of their usual shorts . 
  i thought we 'd get the usual quality . 
  good to hear, 
  sbmm ? 
  that 's in this game ? 
  7/10 matches are horribly unbalanced . 
  ca n't believe there 's sbmm involved, 
  these overwatch comparisons are beyond damaging, 
  how long does it take to advance through that ? 
  the worst part about the decals is that you ca n't even see them . 
  how is it dope for me knowing that the enemy has this decal on their screen when i get a kick kill ? 
  my opponent will mash respawn and wo n't even look at the decal . 
  and quite honestly i would!n ' t even know what i just put on their screen , ca n't be asked to remember what decal is on which character lol . 
  it 's not like they have cool colors or animations . 
  halo 5 has a similar thing where you get assassination animations . 
  but you obviously had to assassinate someone to see it . 
  but at least you saw it when you performed the task . 
  and some of them were dope as hell . 
  never heard of them prior to lawbreakers, 
  which would be fine if this was f2p, 
  i 'm sure the reason is stated somewhere , but i 'll just ask here , why not ? 
  ... what ? 
  bear, 
  you are correct , back in the day it was enough for games to just let us play them . 
  to just let us frag . 
  but as games and gamers alike evolved , that pure hunger for gameplay grew into something more . 
  there are a billion games out there nowadays , every day i start my pc i have a choice of playing literally every single one of them . 
  i just hit download on steam and , yeah there we go . 
  back in the day ? 
  no man . 
  i remember the first fps i ever played , halo ce , when i wanted to pay an fps i played that . 
  any other choices i could switch to that offered the same quality ? 
  no , not really existent tbh , simply because halo ce was an evolution of fps 's in itself , there was nothing like it . 
  i think around 2014/15 games hit a point where innovating and evolving became very hard . 
  witcher 3 is from 2015 , but looks just as good as say , wildlands . 
  compare a game from 2008 to a game from 2010 , you will not have the same effect . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that games require an amount of money and time spent on them . 
  and as a developer you have to make this feel rewarding and well spent , simply because players have so many options to just switch to in a heartbeat .
