  i did the hiveblood thing . 
  did not die once . 
  but it took me a while . 
  you crystal out ? 
  really ? 
  and wait another fucking 10 hours to get summoned ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  i do n't think that 's much of a coincedence . 
  you do n't need to be educated when the answer to every question is always god or jesus or what ever . 
  but i think that 's what you implied already . 
  no , just the blue, 
  that 'll start again around halloween, 
  no , you can just choose who you want to send home . 
  be it blue or phantom, 
  female cosplayers and their fucking names man . 
  nightingale_vixen . 
  sounds like it was pulled straight from the xbox name generator . 
  that picture looks like it was pulled straight from some horror movie, 
  yeah , but be careful to not do it in aggro range of npcs/mobs . 
  if you do this too much you 'll get a debuff that decreases your social skills . 
  that 's their whole point . 
  they are very low level items . 
  they are not meant to be powerful . 
  i fucking hope so . 
  some say he 's still handing those out to the guards . 
  never tell anyone your reddit username . 
  would never watch anything but that philadelphia show, 
  shit , now i want us to overtake them knowing we 're so fuckin close, 
  is there one single thing trump is able to handle properly ? 
  because it really does not look like it . 
  his ability to fuck up everything is honestly astonishing . 
  he shared classified information with russia . 
  information that not even europe got from him . 
  you know , that europe the us has been allies with for the last fucking 70 years . 
  no better give it to the russians . 
  a nation that is hostile towards pretty much every free nation and that is trying to actively break not only the us but also the eu . 
  trump is not capable of running the country . 
  he is n't even able to be just a puppet , because his giant ego gets in his way and makes him spout out classified info like this . 
  probably to impress the russians . 
  you ca n't wait this long if you want to play multiplayer . 
  the playerbase for this game will be long dead at that point . 
  only very strong players left . 
  as is the problem with many many other niche games like this . 
  may the flames guide you, 
  i honestly do n't care . 
  a moron is leading a group if morons whilst the moron in chief is golfing . 
  the only thing that bothers me is the fact that invanka still did n't disclose what her fucking job is and or why she should even be there . 
  this is how req packs need to look like !, 
  this is not firing back . 
  this is begging for mercy . 
  may the flames guide you, 
  gives me conniptions, 
  deepnest is designed to make you hate it . 
  but do n't worry , there 's nothing too strong there . 
  it 's just some jumpscares you can take care of in 2 swings . 
  and you can fast travel away from it in the end . 
  once drank an ice cold m\u00fchlen k\u00f6lsch after a long hike through the italien alps . 
  never did any beer taste that good . 
  i know this too . 
  it 's an incredible comfortable and secure feeling that you do n't want to lose no matter what . 
  i always feel empty after waking up . 
  ok , that sucks , thank you though . 
  yeah i did that for a while , but that did n't improve my skill since they are not reflective of a real player 's skill . 
  ... 's ass, 
  the green water is throwing me off, 
  i 've seen a hitler myself last week i think . 
  you do n't know that, 
  damn , a + for the amount and diversity when it comes to pics . 
  8/10 otherwise . 
  i always forget how attractive guts actually is in the ol' face department . 
  you did n't play many games did you ? 
  berserk armor distracts me, 
  he did n't hijack shit . 
  republicans were willing to hand their party over to ride that trump wave of hate and racism right into the white house . 
  you do n't just discredit a highly respected fbi director . 
  they need to ramp up immensely to even scratch him . 
  his brain melts every time he starts talking, 
  how to : ubisoft villain, 
  that 's so great that you play overwatch, 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm german and very evil . 
  it was just yesterday that i attempted to make a joke . 
  i 'm german and read the spiegel article . 
  no mis-translation . 
  ` lacht in deutsch ', 
  i think my fellow germans are jerking iff too much to themselves . 
  we are by no means perfect . 
  you 're not ugly , but get those teeth checked out . 
  those do n't look right, 
  is this huge ? 
  cause it does n't feel huge . 
  i 'm out of the loop , what 's he talking about ? 
  i liked that doom movie, 
  this guy is fucked . 
  fbi looking into him and now this gets dropped in his face . 
  if trumps get 's impeached and imprisoned , this guy will be his cell-mate . 
  he did n't have it to begin with, 
  the animations looked pretty weird . 
  we saw how a game can get fucked by this with mass effect, 
  thought that was keith olberman at first .
