  options that have a good chance of rewarding them better for their time spent . 
  all of this obviously hails from the invention of progression systems , that were made to keep players playing , to work towards something . 
  so that they do play a single game for years and years . 
  lawbreakers progression system is fucking shit , period . 
  you work towards a chance of getting something worthwile . 
  whilst you know that you will probably be dissapointed . 
  i read this in the chat every fucking game , `` stop killing them , go for obj '' . 
  you people complaining have to understand that you ca n't secure the objective when the enemy team is not dead . 
  you have to keep them on the respawn screen , and chasing for a kill is actually good because it staggers their spawn , which means they wo n't have the full team to attack the obj . 
  if you have the chance to kill someone , kill him , then go for obj , if you find someone on the way there , kill him too . 
  that will mresult into 1 5v3 on the obj , which means you are very likely to get the obj . 
  period . 
  love this skin so much, 
  you are correct , i spent 30 bucks and already played 40 hours . 
  money very well spent imo . 
  ... the game page does not show players right now . 
  it 's the first time it 's done that since release . 
  the numbers actually got worse and worse over the last couple of days . 
  and it will decline if the devs do n't act fast . 
  free weekend , protected que for new players only . 
  i do n't want to smash their teeth in so fast that they leave immidiatly . 
  yes , ps4 numbers are way better than pc, 
  could n't watch , voice too annoying, 
  the lack of any lore , or character information is honestly one of their biggest flaws up to this pointi do n't even know the vague story . 
  only that the law does n't like the guys who break it ... 
  well i 'd recommend the game to my friends , but they 're all on xbox ... so . . yeah ... fuck exclusives, 
  but you 're fighting with an enemy player who you keep out of position by doing so . 
  that neans you 're not useless ,, 
  when your team loses a player in an even fight that 's nothing you could 've helped prevent . 
  that 's your teams fault for not being good enough . 
  if you 're out of position in a 1v1 you then go on to win . 
  you were n't out of position because you put that person on the respawn screen , then you go on to help your team to win the team fight for the obj , which is now a 5v4 because you won your 1v1 . 
  if it is n't that 's because your team failed to win or hold this even fight . 
  not your fault . 
  play the obj all you want mate . 
  but when the enemy has more players on the field because you refuse to go for kills , you will get stomped . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i really do n't understand why that 's so hard to grasp . 
  `` filled with people '', 
  do n't know why that 's a bad thing lol, 
  thank you . 
  it 's true . 
  obviously an assassin gets in the backline to get a quick pick , while jugg and titan work directly on the objective . 
  but that does n't mean the assassin is n't contributing to securing the obj . 
  thining out the backline is very mich helpful . 
  that 's the reason i stopped arguing with people here . 
  the topic is way to complex to keep arguing about it . 
  people also seem to missunderstand me to an extent . 
  oh well , what ever . 
  i think i made my point , and argued enough about it here . 
  yeah , but dirty bomb is free . 
  big difference here . 
  well then just make those challenges objective based . 
  so they have to play properly . 
  yes , it is crucial for this game to survive . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that i will stop son playing this game if nothing changes . 
  as i stated before . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  but cliffy b is no moron . 
  he might not be the most likeable person around , but i 'm sure he cares about lawbreakers . 
  let 's hope he keeps trying . 
  it 's the best pvp shooter that released this year , so far at least . 
  every online gaming community is toxic mate, 
  this will never work man . 
  just not possible . 
  online games will always be toxic . 
  competitive ones at least . 
  trust me , that video did more harm than good . 
  and i know it was more aimed to screw with the industry and not the game , but that does n't matter . 
  most people will hate on it even more due to that video , it just vindicated them to do so . 
  fair point , he said he 'd buy it . 
  but i urge you to go to crowbcat 's video and look at the comments . 
  and then decide for yourself how much that video helped/harmed . 
  i 'm online too right now . 
  i might stab you . 
  watch out for that stabby slidy move, 
  dragon slayer greatshield is your friend here, 
  that 's a creative game in which one creates freely . 
  did n't know lawbreakers let 's you create ? 
  they need proper tutorials and and a seperate que just for the free players before this happens . 
  new players will just leave if they do n't do this . 
  an event ? 
  i hope it 's not just a `` get x kill and send it in '' . 
  we ca n't implement a hero stacking restriction yet . 
  there are only 9 of them . 
  still no idea what the deal is with her honestly . 
  hit her with dream nail , and yeah , she 's just creepy , but never attacks . 
  fuck cod lol . 
  cod is a low skill cap casual pvp shooter . 
  i doubt they will take any players away from this game . 
  cod in general has almost no players on steam . 
  true, 
  not sure how often i have to give my criticism here , but i guess i can tell them again what i think would help :, 
  implement a real tutorial for movement and other stuff . 
  create a que that is only for players up to level 5 . 
  do a free weekend and sell the game at a discount . 
  sure , it 'll be humiliating for the devs to do a free weekend this early , but we all see the numbers . 
  steam does n't hide them . 
  they devs , and nexon , need to swallow their pride and do this or somethig similar if they want this game to survive . 
  it 's on the death bed already .
