  which is not really a profession i guess . 
  love blinds . 
  way too accurate . 
  it 's like looking at all the red flags through pink sunglasses . 
  so they appear white . 
  shoutout to bojack for that awesome qoute . 
  i did n't use the internet for a single day . 
  and now i have no clue what 's going on . 
  i 'm the blitz . 
  the vexxer 2, 
  i used to text my bestfriend and have a good chat , or visit her . 
  but she 's gone so ... made even more depressed but ok i guess . 
  now i go to the gym . 
  everyone is just as afraid as you, 
  r/news /, 
  dragon ball series . 
  hate it . 
  i dream of killing every day ? 
  and i 'm sure i 'm not the only one . 
  when she told about how much fun it was to cheat on her ex bf . 
  it 'd hard to think of the worst thought at this point, 
  nutella bread with pickles on it . 
  i am god, 
  i daydream about it and sometimes i have actual drrams . 
  but they are never stressfull . 
  this might be my biggest issue with reddit in general . 
  people praising each and everything almost immediatly . 
  and if you do n't you 'll get downvoted . 
  sometimes you are allowed to say something negative . 
  like with the mcc . 
  but only sometimes . 
  even those battlefields feel empty . 
  also , why the 2 seperated zones ? 
  it feels like an mmo where both teams are just chilling in jungles farming away . 
  double take is very good, 
  `` not a marketing build '', 
  yeah sure , because the menu totally does n't have a `` preorder titanfall 2 '' option lol, 
  i actually thought imc and militia were pretty generic ad boring . 
  apex and 6-4 are n't any better though . 
  ttk is the exact same as it was . 
  i played tf1 not too long ago and i 'm telling you that it is the same . 
  so was i. 
  but we got ta be real here . 
  the gunfights were always like cod . 
  they only took a little bit more skill due to the mobility . 
  but what separates this game from cod are the titan fights that take long and that have room for critical thinking and really outplaying the enemy titan . 
  that and the lack of ai are tf2 's biggest problems rn . 
  they need to bring back normal titan spawn times and the sheer number of ai on the battlefield . 
  sure movement is harder , but i 'm all for skillgap . 
  and get rid of those amped weapon killstreak bs . 
  yeah , true . 
  another reason to be realistic about the changes you suggest . 
  that 's what it says . 
  i know this build is way too polished for pre alpha . 
  but i 'm just saying what the game says after all . 
  in the menu before you start the connection to the server is an option that reads `` pre order titanfall 2 '', 
  restart your game and you should see it . 
  delaying a game is a massive punch in the face for everyone involved . 
  they probably wo n't delay it due to people not liking the titan counter . 
  just being realistic here . 
  the double take + pistol is a very effective combo that i have been using a lot . 
  i remember when i was jumping out of my dropship into a bunch of friendly grunts , they were sometimes like : '' woah man , that 's a gen 8 pilot ! '', 
  that made me feel so darn cool . 
  me , but it wo n't happen because there 's already a dedicated character or model for that ability . 
  strider master race, 
  not the devs are the problem . 
  ea and it 's investors are . 
  delaying means missing out on money . 
  missing out on a lot of money is considered to be a punch in the face for many many people, 
  what i do n't get are those cod guys saying it 's just like that . 
  gunfights were always like that . 
  ttk was always very low . 
  tribal gangs by black tiger sex machine, 
  i remember when we had the halo rinfs rotating in the back which actually had something to do with game , not some ship that we never actually visit in game . 
  that by the way , does n't even move . 
  they are in the game and give req energy, 
  i honestly think it will never see daylight . 
  or it will be incredibly bad . 
  it 's been in developement for so long now , it 's obvious that it 's causing some trouble by now . 
  i can definatly see your style evolving into something unique and cool , but it needs some work . 
  keep right on . 
  i swear i 've heared those vocals before, 
  thought this was filthy frank when i saw it, 
  where were you when they patched the lootcave ? 
  came across dj turn it up by yellow claw , looked up what genre it was since i 've never heared something like it . 
  never looked back . 
  i pretty much hate everything about the taken . 
  how annoying they are . 
  and i really never ever liked the dreadnaught . 
  something about the hive architecture made me feel uncomfortable since release , maybe it 's how ugly and lethal everything looks . 
  i understand where you 're coming from and i agree , people that want to just kill should play clash . 
  but at the same time i can understand those people playing control and only going after kills . 
  the big problem with clash is , that if there 's no objective moving the people over the map , teams tend to stay at their spawn sides . 
  clash matches always seem to turn into huge team based standoff 's . 
  if you turn a corner , sniped . 
  turn another corner , shotgun . 
  probably a super of some sort . 
  with only heavy being there as incentive to make people move their asses , there is very little map movement the rest of the time . 
  meaning that killing other players in control is way more enjoyable since map movement and gameflow can be predicted better due to the zones . 
  odst magnum is may favourite video game pistol ever .
