  it was super hard to get into it though , combat system , the way story is presented . 
  the narrator had me honestly stunned for a while lol . 
  got my ass kicked a lot in the beginning . 
  say , did you try that gamemaster mode yet ? 
  you 're pretty far from ugly , 7.5, 
  pretty sure it 'd go up to 8 or so, 
  halo 's map editor . 
  it 's a lot like garry 's mod . 
  yeah , pc seems capable , although i would suggest you wait with your purchase . 
  there 's 40 or so players playing . 
  wait until bk actually does something to increase that number . 
  fanboys are allergic to realtalk, 
  your opponent must be shitting his pantaloons, 
  sometimes it 's good to be reminded of the accomplishes challenges . 
  do n't go in expecting to wipe an entire team . 
  go in and just screw them over , reduce their estus to nothing , just do n't be a tryhard . 
  that 's literally all there is to it . 
  no , myrrah will not be craftable . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  8 is very attractive to me, 
  someone explain to me what 's supposed to be dangerous about them, 
  try to smile more and i 'm sure it 's an 8 . 
  you could be at least a nine if you lose some weight . 
  7 or so right now, 
  pretty face you got there , but your body just seems a little sloppy i dare say . 
  not really exciting , is the right description i feel like . 
  7 for now, 
  play 3 first . 
  by far the easiest . 
  thank 's will try it, 
  i adore your different haircolors , 8/10, 
  thank you btw , this did resolve a lot of problems i had, 
  wow , now they rehash the craftable characters ? 
  that 's bullshit, 
  i might shit on these guys a lot , but man that patch is amazing . 
  2 major issues i had with the game resolved plus new maps and modes . 
  i 'm growing hopeful people . 
  i like it, 
  just tell you do n't want him to be around . 
  tell her it 's your one veto, 
  honestly insane imo, 
  been following this game for a while , might get it tonight, 
  mever thought i would see the zdf on this sub lol, 
  you really seem lonely man/girl . 
  i hope you are ok ? 
  like actually ok, 
  where they visit that soda factory that looks like the chocolate factory, 
  glitch, 
  i see , love can hurt man . 
  been through that too . 
  and i had those thoughts too . 
  it 'll get better in time though . 
  i know it sounds stupid , but time is truly the only thing that will really help you man , you just got ta stay strong somehow . 
  just keep yourself busy in the meantime . 
  you can do a lot worse than talking to people here . 
  i really grew to like this sub . 
  do n't remember all of them tbh , futurama is hard to come by where i live . 
  only watched the first season because i have it on dvd . 
  would love to watch the others though, 
  sadly , my country 's netflix does n't have it at all, 
  i do n't wann hear that `` i want to die '' shit man . 
  what keeps me going even through hard times is simply working out . 
  makes me feel like i 'm on top of it . 
  good luck, 
  oh otz , i love you, 
  the devs said that this is something that we ca n't possibly now an answer to yet , but they also said they will clear this up in the future, 
  did n't change at all sadly , still no job , still working out every day , still no girl . 
  it makes me sad sometimes to think how literally nothing changed to the better , but then i realize that nothing changed for the worst either . 
  my parents still love and support me , my best friend and me are planning our vacation . 
  it could be a lot worse . 
  i have honestly never heard that name before . 
  genre ? 
  i love fallout to no end . 
  but i have never played the og ones . 
  a sin as a fan , i know . 
  next steam sale maybe . 
  they 're hard i hear, 
  i 've stuck with really difficult games before , i 'm more or less certain that i can do this if i just want to . 
  i 'm really bad at these top down strategy games though . 
  been playing divinity 2 and sucked so hard . 
  that is my only concern honestly . 
  i hate subs that delete one 's shit before anyone could even read it . 
  kills me a little more each time . 
  just looked it up and it looks familiar . 
  might watch it on the next slow night, 
  you might wan na call the cops, 
  i hope he does n't change his mind . 
  people sometimes do that when they surpress their actual identity and all that . 
  but i do n't want to ruin this lol . 
  it 's nice to see someone on here who has something happy to report . 
  good luck, 
  yeah , there was a homeless guy in my train every day too , kept hitting on girls . 
  until i told him to cut the shit , he was +60 and creeped every girl out . 
  drunk homeless guys just ca n't take a hint sometimes, 
  sorry not american . 
  they do n't deliver that ? 
  do you play that on the switch ? 
  i kinda baited that answer i must admit :d pizza sounds amazing right about now . 
  when they do n't really want to talk to you, 
  mh , i 'm usually like a casual pepperoni witch cheese kinda guy .
