  donnie can thow kushner under the bus and he can finally marry ivanka !, 
  i 'm from europe and that bar always hits 100 at around 3/4 in the night, 
  i farmed that shit yesterday , so glad that 's over, 
  talk shit , get hit . 
  all i can say to this wimp . 
  what a pathetic little wimp . 
  i will predict here and now that trump will fire the two . 
  why ? 
  because trump is so desperate for control over the situation , problem is he only has two options here . 
  rant on twitter . 
  fire the two . 
  he is currently on 1. , but will switch as soon as shit gets too hot for mr glasshouse . 
  initial reaction : yaay i will participate, 
  ` ps4 only ', 
  i have never seen that happen before . 
  granted i 'm a steam user for 6 months now , but still . 
  how much does he have to fuck up to finally get impeached ? 
  leonhard is my favorite ds character . 
  period . 
  a shame this was all cut . 
  he always intrigues me . 
  creighton just kills , for seemingly no reason . 
  and he seems persistent at that . 
  sirris is afraid of him for a reason . 
  post it on r/steam, 
  i know this is just a design idea , but fighting like this during the middle ages would be ... a bad idea . 
  i 'm sure people that saw berserk know what i 'm talking about . 
  yes this is awful , but i 've seen worse . 
  the eclipse from berserk comes to mind . 
  let 's be real . 
  he waited for his wife . 
  but she went for their child . 
  he knew that would be suicide . 
  she went anyway . 
  and was left behind . 
  there 's literally no reason to dig that hole at night . 
  even if you 're putting a dead body in there , just dig it . 
  are you a mod over there ? 
  it 's nice to have some good info . 
  i guess people get worked up about the whole thing, 
  i 'm talking about rape, 
  the amount of rape is . 
  some armies even kept pigs and sheep for their soldiers to have sex with so that they just would n't ravage the nearest village . 
  probably poisoned while he was still in north korea . 
  what bs that is . 
  the word ` artifact ' sounds so weird here . 
  that 's ridiculously unsurprising, 
  too much make up , lips look unnatural af . 
  otherwise ? 
  really hot . 
  great curves . 
  actual curves . 
  go to r/amisexy if you want some actual fucking feedback, 
  you 're not ugly , but some sport never hurt anyone . 
  that 's no babyface , you 're just 16 . a child . 
  nothing out of the ordinary here, 
  what he said, 
  dude , just let it go . 
  this was nothing of substance anyway . 
  pretty, 
  too peaceful, 
  fuck me , that 's the whole package right here . 
  juggalo , anime , bob ross hair , and i ca n't even describe those pants man . 
  how did nobody stop you from leaving the house like this ? 
  because it 's popular . 
  just disable this bs . 
  yeah , these are spartans . 
  not power rangers, 
  the title suggests the va 's played that segment . 
  which i 'm not buying lol . 
  they just put their '' work '' over that gameplay we saw . 
  jet set radio for 1.80, 
  no , it does n't . 
  interpreting it like you do would mean the devs were very clearly playing the demo . 
  but the title said : real gamers . 
  does that mean devs are no real gamers ? 
  because that 's bullshit . 
  yeah , real military stance, 
  martyr is way better for this combo . 
  modded class though, 
  ok , thank you . 
  any tips on how i can deal with the curse ? 
  i do n't have nearly enough ressources to buy that, 
  i 'll just look for a mod i guess, 
  but the enemies showed up in my regular dungeons and infected me, 
  yeah i just downloaded that . 
  i think this is what i was looking for all along . 
  thank you . 
  ok , so the curse still sucks really hard ( obviously ) , but i can say that it makes it somewhat ok . 
  but it changes nothing about the fact that literally everyone gets this thing at all times . 
  and this is kind of the issue imo . 
  the fact that you get infected outside the court at a rate that just staggers you out of your gameflow is just too much . 
  i think it needs some adjustments by devs , or mods . 
  i found another mod that just flatout removes the curse . 
  and i 'll do that . 
  it 's just too annoying to me . 
  well , i can say for a fact that i fought the bloodsuckers before i entered the cc . 
  and i also gathered blood, 
  futurama was never on netflix in my country ... 
  are you using the dark souls 2 outfit mod ?
