  you mean this guy ? 
  so this guy just blew 343 's asses wide open . 
  no excuses are left when a modder or a small group of them , was able to fucking unlock this . 
  i would spend hours , literally , customizing my spartan with all the options that are locked away . 
  the whole black undersuit debate makes them look so retarded too . 
  that fucking weak excuse is beyond retarded, 
  a notmal looking recon helmet would be enough for me, 
  the worst must 've been the one where they had 2 vaults where they separated genders and simply put one of each in the opposite one . 
  like 99 men and one woman , plus the other way around . 
  forgot the number . 
  i would commit suicide pretty quick i guess . 
  sure as hell raider . 
  seems to be the easiest accessible and effective way to survive and cash a little bit in . 
  as gage said : everyone bows as soon as raiders show up . 
  if not raider i would try to be a guard in a city somewhere . 
  one of the drunken ncr soldiers dancing outside the casinos, 
  oh man i wish i had people to play customs with, 
  `` chief wake up !, 
  i need you ! '', 
  chief to himself under his voice : `` fuck '', 
  * under my breath so i do n't get downvoted * :, 
  low population results into farming, 
  we ca n't break it , 343 has to get more people in or restrict fireteam limits . 
  these are the only ways to solve this . 
  never ever did i use that thing, 
  i was in that building like twice, 
  i was shivering in fear upon seeing the red death, 
  i would recommend you to play on survival, 
  would n't make any sense for ps4 players, 
  although i would like to see my 8th generation show up somewhere, 
  the only one 's not having awful noses are reaper and roadhog , bless the masks people, 
  answer best weapon value hands down, 
  should be ultra rare at least imo, 
  i 'd like to have normal breakout back , but ranked, 
  banhammer always strikes me right away, 
  not sure how this is a redesign , looks like og marines . 
  i mean good drawing and all but still not sure about that redesign part, 
  spartan 3 headhunters, 
  on this note : was the reach fix/patch released already ? 
  because coming up with a new emblem each month is truly too much to ask for, 
  black undersuits, 
  i 'm not a big fan either, 
  yes, 
  it 'll say : player already belongs to another company, 
  you ca n't camp in breakout due to the flag moving into your base not the enemie 's, 
  i played ce for the first time in 2002 , i was 6, 
  i 'm dissapointed , i hoped it would simply be a hole in the ground with dead minute men inside, 
  `` general , another settlement needs our ( and with `` our '' i mean your , and only your ) help . '', 
  i would lose my shit, 
  yeah enemies just spawn inside , it 's stupid . 
  so you need turrets that overlook the whole darn settlement, 
  thank god it 's on xbox . 
  that was my favourite f3 armor . 
  population too low for that, 
  yeah and why ca n't we know that ? 
  why do they hide player population when old halos did n't ? 
  here 's our only indication of the player population on halo 5 :, 
  games more played than halo 5 right now :, 
  ark, 
  fifa 16 ( last year version ), 
  fifa 17, 
  minecraft, 
  battlefield 4 ( twice as old as halo 5 btw ), 
  nba, 
  truly halo 5 's population is not low sitting at place 17 . 
  it 's a fun account after all, 
  i sided with legion, 
  they talked about a fixing patch for reach a while back to adress the horrible frame drops to release soon, 
  `` setting that will match me only against total newbies '', 
  everyone would play that lol, 
  do n't play those two modes or expect groundbreaking differences . 
  warzone is ruled by huge and very very skilled and well equipped companies that run huge 12 man teams all the time . 
  you wo n't be able to get a single kill in that case . 
  btb is pretty much the same . 
  i think it would be better without the refresh lol, 
  as a european who visited all the european countries : i have never seen something like that, 
  ok so what exactly is dusk injunction ? 
  those posts keep popping up here, 
  halo 3, 
  yup . 
  i sold him to cesar because cash, 
  as a firearm character in nv i feel like i made a mistake when i decided to not play lonesome road . 
  lonesome road being the only one i did n't play . 
  for real ? 
  4 : gage, 
  3 : ca n't decide because they all died so fast :(, 
  ok , thanks for the heads up . 
  will check it out soon, 
  do n't worry about it dude . 
  anger is just a mask hiding sadness . 
  maybe overwatch is the only thing these guys have in their lifes . 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's there . 
  that 's all that counts, 
  sliced bread is garbage, 
  is he in a state of constant highness ? 
  every pic lol, 
  the flag thing is my biggest turn-off . 
  the mode is completly different now that you rush for the flag, 
  had 1 character before mod support,
