  most effective and easy to use gun in the gane imo . 
  australien ? 
  try lfg, 
  too slow for a gears player . 
  and it has loadouts . 
  i actually started on halo as well , by the time i got to cod it was just too boring lol . 
  you died by 2 shots , while you had a real gunfight in halo . 
  always went back to that . 
  who the fuck even is that and why do people care, 
  `` playstyle in skyrim '', 
  man , you are so so so not prepared if you go into this thinking it 'll be some skyrim sneak fest . 
  same here . 
  there are charm combinations that will make this very easy , it 'll still take a while , but you wo n't die at least . 
  you 're just not sexy , just cute . 
  people were n't lying . 
  i honestly do n't think this game will ever be released . 
  yeah we saw terry crews this year at e3 , but pretty much nothing else . 
  i ca n't even remember the gameplay that was shown . 
  crackdown 2 was awesome too . 
  got it from the bargain bin and was amazed, 
  same with halo 5 lol, 
  yeah optic loses every once in a while , but they will still win most games . 
  splyce is the only team thst can actually beat them . 
  they waited for tuesday so sterling would n't hit them . 
  foolish . 
  not dead . 
  you ca n't find a match in some niche ranked playlists . 
  but the core ones , social and horde are all populated, 
  how to not do anything ever . 
  i will say this every bloody time . 
  i want onyx guard . 
  they are working on that . 
  it 's called project dust or something like that . 
  u clearly didnt play h5 customs, 
  to answer your question . 
  yes he will come back at some point . 
  but you have to be aware to not miss him again . 
  finally all these speedruns and 230000 credits do have a use . 
  onyx guard is on top of my list , maybe even higher than skorge and myrrah . 
  crazy that there 's no barrier for people that never did anything political in their life ever . 
  i did , 80000 credits gone and amazing characters are mine . 
  always happy to see a new chapter man . 
  i hope you reach your patreon goal soon . 
  that 's what everybody thought about h3 remastered . 
  and they did n't do anything . 
  im on pc and i do n't have any issues . 
  the game is worth it just for the amazing performance and graphics . 
  you need to play public at first , to build a card collection and level your classes . 
  start at casual , then work up the difficulties . 
  when you have at least 2 classes at ten you can start using the lfg to join warmachine speedruns . 
  the other players will explain to you how to run them and you will be able to farm a lot of xp and credits . 
  i would suggest you get a group for these runs . 
  that 's what i did and it is really good to have a pool of players dedicated to these runs . 
  well it 's rng . 
  which means you need to get lucky . 
  and raam is the most desirable character availble , so he has the lowest droprate . 
  i received about 10 kantus 's before raam dropped for me . 
  yeah , it 's bs man, 
  your president is pulling the erdogan . 
  hope your country is clever enough to not fall for it . 
  thank you, 
  yeah . . i think i installed a new one about 2 days ago . . how do i revert those ? 
  what is ddu ? 
  thanks for your help man . 
  but i was able to roll it back using windows 10 tools . 
  i hope it worked . 
  will try your method if it still fucks up . 
  yeah , i reverted the drivers and everything is running fine again . 
  no crashes . 
  yo random question to ranks . 
  just recently started playing it . 
  got to gold 2 without ever going down a tier . 
  is that on purpose ? 
  even after several disconnects , which resulted into 15 minutes bans , but still no decrease . 
  is it possible to go down in rank from losing ? 
  leaver on 1st round . 
  non scout picks energy up . 
  heavy is mentally ill and keeps buying weapon lockers . 
  non engineer keeps moving shit around . 
  no scout . 
  no engineer . 
  fabricator in the middle of the map . 
  low level scout . 
  low level engineer . 
  there 's probably more , but this is what makes me leave a public match . 
  no man , ue is dead . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's 24/7 bro, 
  uh baby, 
  mh , hope the packs do n't dissapoint at least, 
  hard reset and it will show up, 
  sure , you just need enough of them, 
  as long as it 's some sort of onyx pack, 
  some pics remind me of that make up shotgun from the simpsons . 
  just too much . 
  of course you can buy timed packs with credits they 're just expensive . 
  edit : credits . 
  yeah happens too often that shit, 
  there were for example no duplicates in h5 , which meant you would get what you wanted at some point . 
  no questions asked .
