  early may is not a full month, 
  we should be very close since the update is said to come out early may . 
  i 'm honestly pretty sure that it has been abandoned . 
  this is how you remake mark v. take notes 343 . 
  i do n't want to think about that ugly disgrace in the game already . 
  that 's good . 
  no but i think it 's good that the word is being spread . 
  and that i was n't the first one to think of it . 
  well , you 'll look like jorge real soon . 
  they can do so . 
  as long as someone else posted it already . 
  i do n't care . 
  that 's good . 
  well , the post is still here . 
  i also do n't see it being a bitchfest to be honest . 
  the whole community map selection is just plain stupid and needs a fixing or an alternative . 
  fenris obviously did something wrong which resulted into community backlash brought by this video . 
  also fenris is just a minor side aspect of the whole situation . 
  if people here take it personal , that is due to their own decision of taking it personal . 
  it 's really just a minor thing . 
  but i agree , it should n't be in the video . 
  lol i run wz with this guy every now and then . 
  did n't know he was a pro, 
  ffa is probably the worst . 
  i play the same people all day . 
  well , he was extremly skilled and had a high level . 
  but not sure though haha . 
  you 've played with both of us ? 
  what 's your gt ? 
  it wo n't stay . 
  everytime we get a cool new playlist , threads like this start to pop up everywhere . 
  and did a playlist ever stay permanent ? 
  they took it down again . 
  seems to be the same mistake we had last week with super fiesta . 
  i really really want the falcon . 
  but odds simply are that they will add 1 new weapon + it 's variants , an arena map , maybe a wz map , and the armor , some emblems and all that stuff . 
  damaged school property with a friend . 
  it was worth 30.000 . 
  we flipped a table when we found out . 
  yellow claw , dem flamethrowers, 
  school classrooms had very expensive floors . 
  we drove around on them with scooters and destroyed it . 
  it looked horrible afterwards . 
  we just left without thinking about it , it was 6th grade after all . 
  ah yeah , i remember playing with you . 
  crushing everyone, 
  you 're trolling lol . 
  everyone would 've taken a screenshot instantly . 
  i call pics or did n't happen . 
  yeah , seems to work . 
  pursuentrumblex that rascal, 
  someone just watched a bdobz video . 
  not judging you . 
  i watched it last night too . 
  i 've also posted some of his videos on here . 
  he 's one of my favourite youtubers . 
  all his arguments are fair and reasonable . 
  and he always admits when he 's hating on stuff . 
  all he does is realtalk . 
  some people ca n't handle that , so he get 's a lot of hate . 
  oni themselves should know what it is, 
  they could be fooling us again ... 
  but that there is a phaeton , no doubt . 
  but phaetons have nothing to do with reach . 
  would be a missed oppoturnity . 
  dude , that guy literally named the company after himself . 
  the second i saw that i knew that that company was no good haha . 
  i mean come on . 
  his gt is `` louie '' . 
  ok , it 's getting a little ridicolous . 
  these downtimes went from once a month to once a week . 
  another evening ruined . 
  i will remember this my friend . 
  well , all these skins were not originally meant to be in reach . 
  their prior reason to exist was to be sold via the spartan armory req pack . 
  3 speedboosts and an overshield . 
  it was so much fun . 
  my bet is this weekend to very early next week . 
  it will definatly not be in 2 weeks . 
  mor will be out by then . 
  and remember , never fart on anyone 's balls, 
  thanks for writing this so i did n't have to, 
  343 plz do n't waste dev time on this, 
  fun fact : this happened to me when i called in my first hannibal mantis . 
  ( wraith splatter ) i did n't even know it was a thing . 
  it was not , actually, 
  max and moritz , german bedtime story book from i think the beginning of 1900 . it 's just plain scary . 
  look it up . 
  put it into an action sack playlist . 
  but i want it to leave at some point . 
  there are other cool gametypes that deserve to be played . 
  i sure love me some blue team , osiris , spirit of fire , helljumper and sharktooth skins that i all used in halo reach, 
  hannibal ? 
  that 's a human company . 
  why would they produce phaetons ? 
  `` everything else will be revealed '' what 's not revealed or uncovered yet ? 
  they wo n't reveal anything if they do n't reveal the oni card today . 
  well yeah they are still blurred on the sheet . 
  but people already found out that it 's gon na be jorge 's turret and the rest of the noble armor . 
  there 's really nothing left that would surprise us , besides the oni card .
