  you did n't mention pvp yet . 
  soooooo , get ready for invasion city after pontiff . 
  fuuuuuuuck noo not again, 
  save your praise for when we have these in an actual halo game . 
  but keep the pressure up , we want these 343 . 
  edit : keep downvoting me you nerds, 
  yeah i kinda think when you take the universe of an fps game and use it for an rts the identity of that game might not transfer over to the rts game . 
  since , you know , rts and fps are a little bit different from each other . 
  more like 3 and 4, 
  i bet you clicked it already, 
  no one could 've seen that coming . 
  healthcare turns out to be complicated, 
  the average human being should be able to identify him as such, 
  tremendous, 
  amen brother, 
  hol ' up . 
  what ? 
  yeah , he looks like someone who would come up with excuses like that . 
  better stay fat and disgusting . 
  congress do n't care , no matter what, 
  and was widely known for being fucking incompetent, 
  why is every single one fat in this pic ? 
  most blues i 've seen are way worse than the host . 
  they always charge in like superheroes and die . 
  that 's a slap to trumps face . 
  i personally feel the exact opposite , i play pvp every day , and i keep seeing different approaches from people . 
  that 's why i like it so much . 
  yes , a good smelling girl is wonderful . 
  i sometimes spend hours in one position just to smell her hair , or skin . 
  you do n't feel anything in the beginning , but after around a minute the pain starts creeping up your insides from below . 
  very slowly . 
  not fun . 
  trump will be roasted real nice by the fbi now . 
  big mistake . 
  i like to prepare a proper grave . 
  which consists of 3 prism stones arranged in a triangle form over the place the invader died . 
  i still use swordspear everyday, 
  especially oceiros . 
  dude is just trying to get his baby to shut up , already stressed out . 
  and then this fucknot walks in and attacks for no reason . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed too . 
  is your allegiance as aldrich faithful not to pontiff instead of aldrich ? 
  since he kinda ensured his safety by locking him up ? 
  i always had that feeling at least . 
  people said it yesterday already , but one has to repeat it . 
  nothing will come from this ... again . 
  most blues i met are just rushing the invader themselves . 
  thinking they are the invincible force . 
  my ass man . 
  most of the times i just send them home before they embarrass themselves even more . 
  i always equip it when running a fightclub . 
  give 'em a chance to win that proof through glorious one on one combat . 
  most of them die though . 
  i need the fighters . 
  they need the proofs . 
  win win situation as i see it . 
  ca n't be choosy with who fights in fight clubs nowadays . 
  not a lot of signs around pontiff . 
  still waiting for that bloodborne steam release, 
  not really, 
  my favourite is the wolved knight curved sword . 
  that weapon art looks so sick, 
  fun fact , that face on the sauce is tom kenny , sponge bob 's voice actor . 
  no , but everything else . 
  does this midget fuckhead not understand that a drug war just makes the whole problem worse ? 
  prices spiking , drugs becoming more valuable , suppliers trying their very hardest to deliver for their customers and finally the dealer 's determination to do more and more risky and stupid things to sell their product . 
  and drugs disappearing because you want them to ? 
  ha , stop kidding yourself . 
  they will still be sold right under your nose . 
  trump has to be the stupidest man on this planet . 
  oh wait , no , there 's people that voted for him . 
  my bad . 
  for real though , he pissed the fbi off already , but now he threatens comey on top of it all ? 
  dude is just asking for leaks by the fbi with this . 
  and i will be damned if he does n't get what he 's asking for . 
  someone at the gym once stole my pants . 
  not gym pants or anything , just my regular pants . 
  fished 'em out of my backpack and though `` yeah , i need this now '' . 
  had to walk back in gym shorts during winter . 
  yeah i 've seen that interview . 
  nothing makes you sound more intelligent and well educated than ' i have a very good brain ' . 
  they wo n't abandon him as long as they can get tax cuts for themselves with him . 
  you just destroyed this gif lol, 
  you got any advice on how to get summoned ? 
  that 's what i 'm struggling with . 
  he was not getting staggered even when hit point blank without being in an attack animation . 
  no perseverance , i know what that is and it was not used . 
  i do know how to play around that . 
  ok thanks , never heard of this iron flesh . 
  seems pretty strong . 
  no , he did running attacks . 
  i remember getting caught by one of those across the map, 
  i mentioned that i use wob whilst in hosting a few days ago and someone complained right away . 
  and now this . 
  this game is so confusing . 
  just black crystal dem noobs, 
  it 's not the enemy , it 's the circumstances . 
  try finger , but hole . 
  i wil see you ... laterrrrrrrrrrr, 
  nonsense,
