  if sony decides to pull that on us i really do n't want to be on reddit that day . 
  the community would be on fire . 
  do n't worry about it, 
  they enslyve people, 
  it 's a holotape that 'em ulates ' console commands, 
  why is this not in firefight ? 
  spartan laser + spnkr prime is better, 
  downvote me for the truth, 
  i am so very glad that these guys get their well deserved thanks !, 
  i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  you 're perfectly correct . 
  blame the lack of race gametype, 
  my biggest problem with this sub, 
  3000 per month ?!, 
  i could 've told you right away that 3000 is too good to be true . 
  it would take ages to match 2 full teams . 
  halo 5 's population is too low at this point . 
  just checked , even rocket league is played more lol . 
  i really dig your older stuff dude , keep it up . 
  the imgur caption is probably the best part . 
  the lack of roleplay elements and every ending being basically the same will definatly result into rough times for the game until fallout new orleans ( potentially new orleans ) is released . 
  however , i must say that console mods and the mod menu do help the game a lot . 
  making mods easier accesible will extend the lifespan . 
  i had 1 character before console mods . 
  i have 5 now . 
  played through the whole game 5x since then . 
  i just rolles with them because all the other options seemed even worse to me . 
  i would 've loved to finish the game with the raiders . 
  that would 've been cool . 
  krne, 
  what so not, 
  this sub is 50 % markraas at this point . 
  and i 'm ok with that . 
  it would be : 6 symmetra vs 6 torbjorn, 
  lol, 
  i thought this was about randal the vandal, 
  yeah month of mythic !!!, 
  * coughs `` what a fucking rip off , what happened to halo '' in his fist to prevent dem downvotes *, 
  translation : no . 
  right ? 
  if you ca n't find her just start killing the raider bosses , that 'll trigger the quest , or talk to preston, 
  pro tip for the boss kills : sneak attack with pickman 's blade + 10x dmg + vats melee from a distance . 
  killed mason one hit, 
  the one with the x, 
  yeah they also stole oddball for ifinite warfare . 
  i 'm 100 % sure cod players will play it earlier than we will play oddball in h5 . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  in matchmaking and pro league , i know that someone made oddball already -_-, 
  girlfriend, 
  david hasselhoff is a pretty big deal here in germany . 
  it 's not that we like his `` art '' i 'll just call it . 
  he 's like one if those really bad trashy movies that are still awesome somehow . 
  people hype him without a reason . 
  and everybody just kinda rolls with it because it 's funny in some twisted way . 
  dunno honestly . 
  someone really does n't like oregon, 
  everyone here seems to forget that the normal sword assassination already is the same exact move used by the arbiter to kill the prophet . 
  therefore using the prophet 's bane while assassinating someone would result into this exact ` easter egg ' . 
  my spartan team ai n't no hobbit, 
  especially buck, 
  i thought new meta was 3 tanks 3 supports, 
  he travelled through some crazy shit you would n't believe, 
  i do n't get this joke, 
  i forge parkour and minigame maps only, 
  black ceiling : my latest parkour map . 
  it has a prison escape theme . 
  cathedralis : highly detailed fat kid map with a city invasion theme . 
  these two are my best maps . 
  cod has to be the most uncompetitive esport ever, 
  killer instinct but not mortal kombat . 
  which has been a very successful esport in the last years . 
  this is a good idea since party limit is back to 6 players . 
  my company was outraged lol . 
  they love farming . 
  but i do n't . 
  i think we need more playlists with stricter party up limits . 
  `` that was awesooooooooooome '' - t2, 
  reference time, 
  oh man , aletta ocean and danny d are both awful, 
  shit this is amazing . 
  a hud only black rheinhardt is able to have, 
  this does totally not scream infection, 
  did your profile do the synchronise thing ? 
  will it be released ? 
  or just some extra shit for the show ? 
  oh man this guy does n't draw shit that is n't mercy, 
  he 's like a hulk snake ( big boss ), 
  where 's my price ? 
  my bloodthirsty nuka world raider gangs shiver in fear, 
  just look at teso . 
  that game is nothing like your usual elder scrolls game . 
  i mean it may work , but it would be for a different audience . 
  i would try a fallout online game , but i 'm sure i would n't like it very much . 
  you 're not even safe whilst fapping, 
  pickman 's blade , splattercannon or kellog 's gun, 
  xbox record that, 
  what 's your level ? 
  krne keeps delivering, 
  because it 's holy . 
  not as holy as og recon or flaming helmet , but holy nonetheless,
