  also pvp is extremly meta orientated , elitist and niche . 
  give it a year and forge is a console gary 's mod . 
  tom french and the forge team will continue to push the boundaries of what 's possible in forge . 
  there 's a mod that let 's you use them . 
  on xbox too . 
  should be on ps4 too, 
  i 'm either too young for this or from the wrong county, 
  the point is that you need pretty good gear beforehand . 
  and 5 other competent people with equally good gear , but they need to be beginners as well , otherwise they wo n't raid with you . 
  raiders are elitists . 
  that was my ` complain ' . 
  it 's actually a criticism imo , but what ever . 
  ah yes , now i remember, 
  `` find a good one '' what a great tutorial on how to find a good raid group a a total noob . 
  raids have a steep learning curve . 
  i 'm sure every `` good '' clan will gladly accept the most unexperienced players to join them . 
  ok , thank you for actual information . 
  yes sherpas are great , and i mean it . 
  but not everyone knows about them . 
  anyways , the grind takes definatly longer to get raid ready . 
  one week is true when you sleep around 5 hours and then just start playing again . 
  talking about a lvl 1 character of course without buying your way to lvl 25 . that 's still a thing right ? 
  you just instantly touched on my biggest problem with halo 5 , the bland arena maps . 
  oh the sandtrap memories, 
  aside from that garbage marketing , this is a really really good game . 
  we this skin ever be obtainable again ? 
  well actually , there 's a predator deathclaw that only spawns lvl 500 and up , sooo, 
  play the frost mod , it 's story takes place shorty after the bombs fell . 
  it is honestly really good . 
  it has a story , new factions , new areas . 
  are you sure that 's it ? 
  op seems too excited about overpriced microtransactions . 
  not even microtransactions anymore . 
  thanks , those are very bad news . 
  very bad news indeed , i hope they bring him back someday . 
  shit , got this game 2 days ago . 
  was excited to work my way to my favorite character ( s ) . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  343i is exactly the same with their stupid req packs . 
  but that 's exactly the thing that gives me hope . 
  you see , they did the exact same thing . 
  limited time armor sets in special packs and all that stuff . 
  but they brought those back for a second time , and now they 're permanent . 
  it 's both microsoft , so there 's hope . 
  are there any other dope skin i 've missed out on ? 
  thank you so much for all the information  !, 
  1st thing i did, 
  * americans, 
  so ... what is it about ? 
  no it is entirely pointless . 
  not kidding, 
  it 's in the e sport req packs if you buy one teams pack a couple of times . 
  only if it is a serious one like tokyo ghoul or dead man wonderland . 
  a silly one would hurt the franchise . 
  fuck those devs . 
  make a good game before you demand an award . 
  your fucking thing is n't even finished . 
  does n't matter how good it is . 
  you should think before you post next time dude . 
  your comment does n't make any sense what so ever . 
  it ca n't even be classified as an argument really . 
  honestly , who dies at 53 just like that ? 
  without illness or anything ? 
  that 's just too unlikely . 
  i knew it was a drug problem as soon as i read those lines . 
  nice work . 
  shared it . 
  no scout no money :(, 
  halo 5 has the exact same problems . 
  which is a shame since older titles ( even 4 ) had some of the coolest unlock challenges ever . 
  there 's only 2 sets of armor you can obtain with regular play . 
  and those are hard to get . 
  one of them is almost impossible to get . 
  both of these games need to add skins , armor , you can unlock via challenges . 
  because that 's what will keep people playing . 
  i love the pistol executions where you just punch them to death . 
  i just like the raw unnecessary display of power that goes with it, 
  you know there 's a new game in the gears franchise that just came out, 
  that 's pretty mich every match though, 
  this is annoying as shit . 
  i want to play as the character i spent my hard earned cash on and not kait . 
  they need to give us a road map similar to the one 343 gave halo 's community . 
  i personally want more characters i can play in both , horde and cog versus . 
  but i can totally understand why you want more swarm characters . 
  it 's also kinda weird to me that the only legendary swarm characters are deebees rn . 
  i totally know what you mean . 
  my best friend and me played the campaign in coop some days ago and the robots just became to fucking boring . 
  it 's just not satisfying to kill them . 
  the emblems only exist to make sure that you do n't get the skin right away . 
  bug, 
  pretty sure there 's a mod for the christ problem you 're describing . 
  try the nexus, 
  i knew this was too good to be true when i started reading, 
  gears of war is a console shooter . 
  it 's built up from the ground to be one . 
  if you guys want to fight me with my elite controller and my 15 years of shooter experience , please , go ahead . 
  frost , by far, 
  it 's really good for horde though, 
  it has a lot of depth to it this time around . 
  you can really coordinate with your team .
