  oh and maps were entirely free . 
  at least you 're guaranteed to get what you want . 
  i played all weekend for the savage locusts , earned enough credits for around 30 packs . 
  but still did n't get all of them . 
  and that just should n't be the case . 
  honestly , i think i would 've rather bought that for real money instead of killing my entire weekend for gears, 
  gears is defiantly one of the more tram heavy arena shooters . 
  way more so than a lot of other stuff that i played in the last couple of years . 
  i 'm right here with you man ... 
  not better in europe bro, 
  onyx, 
  nvidia driver problem . 
  had that a couple of days ago too . 
  just roll it back . 
  bvb is useful for something after all, 
  still does n't work consistently on pc, 
  yes but inly if you set your xbox to english language, 
  is it illegal to not have that beard ? 
  he wo n't ever get bobs pik again, 
  i 'm onyx 1 and had s 7 win streak yesterday . 
  woke up today and briefly checked to see how much i gained , and i was still at onyx 1 . surely 7 wins have to count for something ? 
  teach me your ways . 
  how do you find a match in guardian ? 
  thats crazy, 
  your body is certainly nothing special and your eyes being too close to each other degrade your face too much . 
  good luck finding work, 
  oh boy , my favourite, 
  it 's activision . 
  they say the same shit every year . 
  we will use a new form of servers that are so much better blablabla . 
  and in the end they turn out to just be shitty p2p servers again . 
  i guarantee these servers will suck . 
  again . 
  and how do i know that ? 
  i played the d2 beta on console , and it 's just as laggy as every other p2p game . 
  what 's that ? 
  thanks, 
  thanks, 
  on indian women maybe , but even that 's a stretch . 
  that might be the ugliest sweater ever, 
  i 'm picturing an evil indian scientist with down syndrome, 
  all rights reservd you fuckers . 
  no shit, 
  there is ? 
  can i watch that on mixer again ? 
  probably, 
  you know we 're on reddit right ? 
  a post is not gaining popularity by clicks . 
  if you think this is a shit post , downvote it . 
  looks like dark souls 2 's harvest valley, 
  your body is superb in my opinion . 
  i really dig a well trained girl . 
  i really would n't have thought you used to be chubby . 
  you need to work on your arms . 
  they look sloppy, 
  i never played judgement but this looks siiiick, 
  yeah i 've heard them say that too, 
  it 's the exact opposite, 
  those are female lions, 
  i agree , it depends who does look at it, 
  god this depresses me . 
  releasing a hero shooter of any kind is seemingly nothing but a death sentence . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  you 're fucked unless your name is overwatch, 
  no it 's not . 
  swarm characters are a part of the game that have objectively less worth simply due to the fact that you can not use them in horde . 
  which is a major problems since many many players only ever play horde , which renders swarm characters useless . 
  i , for one , ca n't see why db 's are n't available in horde . 
  they are part of the cog . 
  will we ever get the onyx guard ? 
  rainbow repair tool here we go, 
  for normal packs i would agree , for the esport ones that at least support real people , i do n't, 
  fair enough . 
  i remember that in gears 3 the onyx guard pack had i think 2 additional characters . 
  ca n't remember what those were tho . 
  early access microtransactions . 
  all i need to know . 
  keep repeating their lines like a good little chicken, 
  someone managed to make trump look even dumber . 
  imcredible . 
  onyx guard or suicide, 
  edit : i 'm dead, 
  yeah , probably, 
  i 'm dead bro , you coming ? 
  that dizzy skin is so boring, 
  rightfully so , it 's esports packs, 
  sony was sponsoring them , and there 's no early access on ps4 . 
  they probably knew what kind of trash they were releasing , but sony did n't want to hear it . 
  my guess at least . 
  you do n't pull all this content out your ass all of a sudden . 
  was planned probably . 
  i know it sucks man , i had the same thing happen with clayton . 
  fave character in gears 3 but never got him from the packs . 
  even after spending money . 
  `` wow , how did that game get this huge following ? '', 
  i bet he thought his characters would have the same kind of fandom that the overwatch characters have . 
  and that 's why you look at the killfeed every 2 seconds, 
  at first i thought this was compliment bait , but you 're actually fat . 
  what a nice change for once . 
  palace guard is a walking hitbox,
