  thanks for the heads up man , keep up with the awesome tunes !, 
  halo does it like this , halo also doesnt have these stupid fucking map packs . 
  fixing it ? 
  eh , 343 fucked up in major ways in the past . 
  halo 4 was totally out of touch with the community and we do n't talk about the mmc . 
  it 's actually a miracle that micro transactions were handled with such competence . 
  no micro transactions would 've been better , of course , but what ever . 
  we 're talking about old bungie here pal . 
  destiny bungie is the greediest asshole club after the cod devs . 
  old halo 's did n't have microtransactions at least . 
  bungie also gave 1 whole map pack out for free + some additional maps for bungie days etc. 
  yes you are correct of course . 
  microtransactions are garbage that need to go . 
  but it wo n't for now . 
  and we have to commend the devs that are at least trying to better the situation . 
  free dlc is a great thing . 
  i hope carmine comes back up, 
  you will not be able to finish hard or insane as a low level . 
  play normal , that 'll be hard enough . 
  enemies will have x2 health x2 accuracy and you will take x2 damage . 
  this will happen at round 31 . you as a low level wo n't even be able to leave cover . 
  the modifiers will make it very crazy . 
  just look up footage on yt . 
  the leaver problem will resolve itself as soon as you start playing the difficulty that is meant for lower level players . 
  one question, 
  where 's the tutorial ? 
  great tips man , as someone who only played old gears games for horde and only just started with pvp in horde , i appreciate it . 
  that would fucking rule, 
  afraid to break the board i guess, 
  onyx guard skin please, 
  pre game lobbies is the big one imo . 
  aka the creepiest skin, 
  spread the word brother !, 
  the land must know about scouts picking up the energy !, 
  ok , this is a thing . 
  but what is about the heavy who picks up a salvo , goes into cover , shoots once , blows is in his face and is downed . 
  what about that guy ? 
  is that also a tactic ? 
  you forgot about cortana . 
  she could analyze scenario 3 in seconds beforehand and just guide chief through it . 
  she helped chief survive missile attacks from jets in the past using her guidance . 
  in a scenario with `` prep '' time , chief will take it with cortana at his side . 
  very very good and detailed guide . 
  but you have to explain the german accuracy joke/meme to me . 
  i 'm german and i 've just recently started to notice those references to german snipers etc. 
  not really sure what this is . 
  ok i get it now i guess lol . 
  i do sometimes `` steal '' it when i sense that the person is about to be revived or the guy who downed is busy otherwise . 
  but honestly , i do n't get mad when people steal my kills . 
  we 're a team here and hey , as long as the shitbag 's dead i do n't care . 
  it 's funny how they spent money and resources on arresting these guys lol . 
  wow , i would 've never thought of this . 
  they ca n't outplay you when you outsmart them right away, 
  i really really want the onyx guard . 
  i did n't use any other skin back in gears 3, 
  i use deebees so the humiliation isnt as bad when i get totally demolished . 
  i really wanted to see classic locust skins and not fucking zombies . 
  yo , this releases soon right ? 
  start using full stops more often, 
  ok thanks, 
  i 'm here for you, 
  this is what i 'm talking about, 
  esport packs are supposed to help the teams , i 'm fine with the pricing, 
  i just wanted the onyx guard, 
  it 's their job man , chill, 
  it 's the same, 
  i was n't even born , and i still see memes about him every now and then . 
  do n't play with seehafendaten , this guy has a speedboost as scout and never deposits power . 
  never . 
  i got the whole lobby to report him . 
  he ruined an otherwise good match . 
  yes, 
  he actively tried his hardest to sabotage our experience abusing his power as scout . 
  this is unsporting behaviour . 
  liar, 
  any info if gary will return ? 
  was sadly not able to get him last time, 
  for real , i tried to find a horde match for 2 hours and it did n't work, 
  shit 's still broken ? 
  wow , you know things are fucked when you go to sleep , wake up , and servers are still down, 
  he would have trouble with cheeky invaders . 
  i love this game , i just wish i was able to play the darn thing, 
  did n't play gears 3 too much so i did n't know about it, 
  i 'm currently on mobile , so i am unable to add a flair to this post . 
  i 'd classify the post as casual . 
  this is entirely wrong . 
  there are actually people around in that pic , meaning someone would fix the shit as soon as it breaks . 
  * cough * broken since friday * cough *, 
  it is not , still ca n't find a horde match , progression is still broken . 
  do n't know what the fuck tc is doing , but they 're not `` fixing '' a god damn thing . 
  not for me , still ca n't play horde, 
  yeah that 's cool and all , but let 's reserve that for the medic class, 
  carrie looks hot, 
  was this post approved by the mods ? 
  just let me tell you that asking for money in subs raises some eyebrows . 
  giveaways and stuff like this usually gets a flair that shows the mod 's approval . 
  you picked one of the steepest learning curves available to get started . 
  just go to youtube and watch a couple of tutorials there . 
  can i not participate when i am i central europe ? 
  he kissed another girl whilst drunk ?
