  what the fuck, 
  i thought it was some kind of pro women month right now . 
  now this is `` fanart '' . 
  unlike these fucking scribbles . 
  i 'd give you a 9 . that smile is just too good . 
  yes, 
  the last pic maybe, 
  need more and especially better pictures too judge properly . 
  i 'd say you 're not ugly based entirely of that photo . 
  `` geneva and hague '', 
  pretty sure trump has no clue that those places exist , let alone where they are . 
  and congress certainly does n't care about him following the ` rules ' . 
  and when they get the body count ? 
  pff not their fault . 
  ( congress = republicans ), 
  not ugly , not at all . 
  but no body pic , that 's suspicious . 
  that 's fine . 
  when did you stop ? 
  stay stong then , and best of luck . 
  lowkey feminism lol . 
  fuck off ivanka , do it right or just do n't do it at all . 
  `` daaaaaaaaad , people one the internet call me names !, 
  they say it 's because if your stupid new policieeeeeee !, 
  change it okaaaaay ? '', 
  you 'll work your asses off !, 
  there 's a lot of potential here . 
  but you need to focus on working out . 
  a close friend of mine is in a similar spot , sadly she likes cake too much . 
  do n't be like her . 
  `` art '', 
  no fixing needed here . 
  go hit the gym if you want to improve , but aside from that ? 
  in short : your fine . 
  yes, 
  i do n't know man . 
  this game is at rock bottom right now . 
  and the steam reviews and literally every gaming outlet reporting on the meltdown does not help . 
  free weekend might work . 
  but stability fixes wo n't be substantial enough without dedicated servers . 
  because let 's be honest here : that 's what everyone is waiting for . 
  the simple addition of dedicated servers . 
  i ca n't see this game staying relevant unless ubisoft simply comes out and gives them to us . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  `` and clinton . 
  such a big loss . 
  she lost so big . 
  some say it was the biggest loss ever . 
  you can ask anyone here , they will tell you about how bigly she lost . '', 
  `` that does not answer my question about why you willingly took the risk of getting impeached over your russia ties mr trump . '', 
  `` exactly . '', 
  this made me laugh pretty hard . 
  well done mr president . 
  the only thing i value in the gop is their ability to fuck each other over again and again . 
  not even able to push legislation whilst controlling the entire government . 
  incompetence at the highest possible level . 
  you will go to gulag for this, 
  sure you 're no supermodel , but neither am i or anyone who replied to this . 
  you look good , no need to feel that insecure . 
  that 'll be 10000 steel then . 
  that means it 's working . 
  we 're not your allies anymore . 
  we do n't feel like it at least . 
  - a german, 
  girls use their parents as excuse very often . 
  a girl played me like this for a long time . 
  using her parents as excuse for pretty much everything . 
  you just have to be better and smarter than these type of girls . 
  just block them yourself as soon as you notice these shenanigans . 
  no he 's just pretending so that hodrick does not attack him during pit of hollows . 
  that last pic holy shit . 
  do n't do that again . 
  i would honestly be pretty annoyed by this too . 
  but mad ? 
  how ever , i can understand how someone can get mad about this , i really do man . 
  i 'd just ask her what that is all about . 
  if she just gets mad herself and throws a tantrum at you : do n't bother dude . 
  just nope out of there . 
  if she understands you and removes it ? 
  that 's great !, 
  win win situation as i see it . 
  you either get rid of someone who very clearly does not value you , or you strengthen your relationship . 
  you need to be strong and derermined for option 1 though . 
  well they got him his job . 
  this is honestly the biggest bullshit about it . 
  not that billy bush is a saint or anything , but he did not deserve to get fired for trumps disgusting talk while trump himself got elected president . 
  what a joke that is . 
  edit : not trying to defend bush here . 
  i said he 's by no means a saint people , and i mean that . 
  this comment refers to huge difference in treatment bush and trump did receive after the scandal . 
  bush got banished from society whilst trump is president . 
  and that 's bs . 
  she turns around like :, 
  i had a dream where spicer seriously ... oh ... '', 
  lose weight, 
  best of luck, 
  you should be able to work out through that . 
  with a decent amount of motivation , obviously . 
  bold move cotton , let 's see how it plays out . 
  waterlsnd is filled up with tourists to the brimm , was there just a month ago .
