  what do you need ? 
  i 'm using a gtx 1070 and wildlands is performing very bad on it . 
  i 'm sure it is the driver . 
  i hoped this one would fix it , but nothing happened . 
  is there a new one to release soon ? 
  the game is not unplayable , but it 's getting to me . 
  thanks for help in advance . 
  never forged in h2a . 
  got ta get someone else , sorry . 
  tell me when you change it to h5 . 
  my gt is enslayve, 
  i made offices before there . 
  should bot be a problem, 
  just played this , do n't see why it has to be fat kid . 
  makes is pretty jarring tbh . 
  i can say that too . 
  i have donald trump 's tax returns . 
  does it make the statement true ? 
  no , sadly not . 
  what i 'm saying is : let 's just pray that she has them . 
  is this a westworld reference i spy ? 
  trump calls it fake in : 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  yeah had the same impression, 
  we get it , you play the instrument . 
  one pic with a guitar is enough . 
  yes, 
  i 'm criminally unsurprised . 
  do n't forget the massive advertisement deals he has going on with the entertainment industry . 
  an awful lot of winning . 
  his past losses in court as president , which is 2 ... out of 2 , indicate that he is not as successful . 
  have not seen a thing on td . 
  they seem to wait for a tweet explaining why it was not donald 's fault , which they can then hide behind . 
  or just repeat it again and again . 
  you do n't need to convince us on how utterly incompetent the trump administration is . 
  he has to lose supporters that show up at these fucking rallies ( also , what 's the point in those ?!, 
  ) , sadly the standard trump supporter is an elderly uneducated white man from a rural area . 
  i wo n't say that none of those people will understand this , but it 's to be considered . 
  lol i thought the `` laughter '' was added in later , and certainly not by the white house . 
  pathetic . 
  you guys got ta admit that it is certainly hard to not think of the united states as `` stupid '' right now . 
  i mean this quote by the potus himself is evidence enough . 
  got ta be a real fucking moron to not go with obamacare over the gop 's `` plan '' . 
  or the 1 % . 
  he spent too much time examining them from the inside . 
  he does . 
  but never does anything . 
  there is this helmet you can get a glimpse at her face through . 
  would n't hit that chick . 
  just sayin ' . 
  numbers gor the german far right are in a free fall right now . 
  no offense taken . 
  i browse this sub enough to know that he does n't speak for the majority . 
  he 's the chosen one . 
  it 's the n\u00fcrnberg trials all over again . 
  we 're only place 16 ? 
  shame . 
  and now wach one direction media sales go through the roof . 
  how do you get this ? 
  currently playing end b and i already miss 2b . 
  9s is so weak in comparison . 
  yeah i know about the combat scanner difference . 
  still not as fun :\\, 
  looks pretty standard to me, 
  so we can finally pic our profile pics from anywhere like ps and steam ? 
  i wish i was an s-tier hitman . 
  where will i get my news on the deep state then tho ? 
  he was also on the spiegel 's cover a lot . 
  `` the end of the world '', 
  he must be the best . 
  `` if '' and `` may '' are not good enough people . 
  he 's still blaming hillarie 's emails . 
  you look like my fathers girlfriend, 
  t_d can go fuck itself . 
  period . 
  yes, 
  you know shit is going down when a republican sounds like filthy frank . 
  is t_d witch hunting already ? 
  i 'd hit on you, 
  where can i donate, 
  we still do n't have jade rabbit for fucks sake, 
  what a bs cosplay . 
  patches traverses the fog when you summon him . 
  yeah , he 's huge , intimidating and wild . 
  but god damn is it annoying chasing his ass down for 10 minutes . 
  oh and one wrong move and you get some good ol' laser in your face . 
  sunlight spears did n't do shit for me . 
  sometimes they just miss the hitbox even though i can very clearly see them going straight in his head . 
  phew . 
  this saved my life . 
  one more win would 've meant certain death . 
  looks just average imo . 
  not fat but not extra ordinary stuff either . 
  not sure if that 's a good thing or not . 
  do n't smile in pics . 
  get a different haircut . 
  your good aside from these two points , and one only applies to photos . 
  she is not as interested in you as much as you 'd like . 
  if she we 're , she would text . 
  what ever body dismorphia is , you do n't look like you have it . 
  you look average but not ugly .
