  she 's also too afraid of change . 
  rallye hog was on forge sneak peek , on a forge map , for this update . 
  there is a reason to believe it 's coming next week , a very justified reason to do so . 
  the epidemic / forge labs / ispiteful, 
  they all showcase minigames on youtube . 
  they also explain how to download . 
  there 's a shitload of videos showcasing stuff already . 
  i like the helmet more than the h5 original , but the shoulders should 've stayed untouched . 
  also , do n't wear a sombrero, 
  people do n't realize that working out is not to impress others , it 's to impress yourself . 
  it really helps with confidence . 
  it helped me out pretty good i 'd say . 
  some time back i was that long hair slim video game kid in school that basically everyone made fun of . 
  because i was not looking too good . 
  `` no life '' was a very popular term people threw at me . 
  the first thing i did that really helped was cutting my hair . 
  it made me look normal , at least . 
  i started boxing afterwards and one year down the line i started going to the gym frequently . 
  people noticed my bodychange and wanted to know what i 'm doing . 
  so i told them . 
  no one did ever make fun of me again . 
  i just continued doing that . 
  improved my clothing style over the years , got confident . 
  it 's funny to think back when i started working out how i was n't able to talk to girls . 
  i basically went from video game kid to jacked kid . 
  i still play a lot of video games when i 'm bored though . 
  but do n't tell anyone . 
  the lighting is awful , but it 's taken on vacation in dubai , so ... worth ? 
  i do n't , because i do n't have a chance regardless . 
  might as well be myself, 
  everytime i 'm watching any action movie i 'm always like `` dang , vin diesel could do this so much better . 
  why did n't they cast him ?! '', 
  oh my god finally , does anyone know where this series starts ? 
  like the minute mark ? 
  when does it start ? 
  thanks mate, 
  handsome jack, 
  ask you how in the world you just manage to do that, 
  it was a 6 minute game . 
  they cored very fast . 
  nothing to lose your shit over . 
  my gt is `` pilot dalamen '' send me a message as soon as you need help, 
  i am 100 % certain that farming will prevent all these people that will try out halo on wednesday feom buying this game . 
  maybe 343 gets lucky and they play arena , but who knows . 
  no mountain dew nor doritos :(, 
  no they wo n't . 
  i 'm sr 147 and play wz with my company every day . 
  full lobby . 
  we quick core , but we 're matching lvl 3-40 regularly . 
  because the game has trouble matching us against another full strong group . 
  i 'm in europe , but my company is from all over the world . 
  roaming too ? 
  blacklight retribution was the best free game i ever played, 
  i saw people claim that cod takes more skill than halo , on the bungie #gaming forum, 
  what a moron, 
  hands down best mod, 
  edit : stop telling me how to play this game people . 
  it 's my mod of choice , it keeps me of radar and i like it that way . 
  my gt is `` pilot dalamen '' go to my profile and look up my stats , then tell me how to play . 
  yeah and liang dortmund security should do the same on darkstar , but they do n't . 
  the dream, 
  xbox one is too weak, 
  edit : keep downvoting me , wo n't change the truth . 
  343 actually said this . 
  ok but that wo n't help you if i appear of radar and just sneak up on you, 
  `` mercenaries of reddit , what 's your craziest story ? '', 
  finland 's white death, 
  i 'm hetero and i hate futa . 
  too specific holy shite, 
  `` war never changes '', 
  sorry fallout , but war does and did change . 
  remember when we threw dead bodies over to our enemies using a catapult so there would be a plague to kill everyone inside the besieged castle ? 
  pretty damn different to drones flying around and simply bombing people . 
  bravadoooooooos, 
  `` amazing canvas '' it 's just water . 
  nothing . 
  but . 
  water . 
  yes , it carries over . 
  you can save created weapons . 
  they 're both gems, 
  asking the hard questions i see . 
  first date with her and she talked about how fun it was to cheat on her ex . 
  instant nope . 
  trap moshpits , people grab you instantly as you fall . 
  no one does ever hit the ground due to everyone watching out for each other . 
  there were two really buff dudes who were about to fight i recall, 
  i love sporty girls , and since i 'm pretty sporty , i guess so yeah . 
  i 'm part of a very strong company ( black list ) , we only have top tier players . 
  i play with them quite often , we usually just mow through regular wz without any problems . 
  but in firefight we get challenged quite a bit sometimes . 
  we have n't lost a match yet , but i know for a fact that other company lobbies have . 
  there is one instance i want to bring up . 
  apex 7 and the ridiculous amount of knights . 
  especially round 2 when you have to kill 2 legendary wardens . 
  they are surrounded by at least 20 knights at all times . 
  there 's no way coming near them . 
  air vehicles will get wrecked by their tracking incin cannons . 
  the only way i found to complete this round on my 100th try was to get an oni hog and just park it so far away from them that there 's no chance for them hitting you , then switch to turret and widdle them down from afar . 
  i do n't get these downvotes , you 're right,
