  yes , that 's why i said it 's in percent, 
  you never want to piss off joe biden . 
  he 'll wreck you behind the barn . 
  `` never underestimate stupid people in large numbers . '', 
  50 million this time lol . 
  just for the record : the original target of the raid roasted trump on social media after the raid failed and he fled . 
  when will this man accept that he is president now . 
  stop playing the blame game , that 's over . 
  one year , or two , in he will still be like `` the horrible clinton e mails folks . 
  horrible . 
  sad what 's happening . 
  sad . 
  and obama , his fault again . 
  i told you . 
  still ruining the country . '', 
  really ? 
  i stopped laughing one week after his inauguration . 
  it 's nothing but bizarre and sad anymore imo . 
  do n't start your headline like that . 
  that 's just asking to get properly roasted . 
  my money is on dissapointed , like always . 
  you look like 17, 
  i was suspicious towards the banker character from the start . 
  she accidentally suggests to keep the geo for herself in the first encounter you have with her , but she quickly corrects herself . 
  so , she might 've stolen it . 
  too early to tell for sure though . 
  i 'm fairly certain helping you guys when you really need it that bad will be hard . 
  best military in the world and all that , ya know ? 
  new vib mode . 
  thanks . 
  did you get the unn one from the lake of unn ? 
  i 'm one notch short but i have joni 's blessing . 
  but how does the healing work ? 
  ok thanks, 
  isma tear ? 
  ok thank you . 
  i have the heart but i have not been to the royal water place yet . 
  thank you , this one seems to be fairly helpful, 
  ok the overcharmed thing is really intresting !, 
  also , i keep hearing defender 's crest . 
  where do i find that ? 
  the fact that they think there 's a `` we '' and `` you '' is the root of the problem . 
  as long as they keep thinking that they need to do everything to punish `` libruls '' the us will become more and more divided by the day . 
  a republican could shit in chaffetz face and he would n't investigate it further, 
  fairly certain it 's set up for dlc . 
  we will meet the young stag eventually . 
  deepnest and ancient basin have enemies like that , but not sure what you are really looking for, 
  they 're better off in those glasses, 
  he has that papa smurf kind of look , that 's why the player does n't get suspicious . 
  might be a different species though , as ypu suggested . 
  makes the whole situation more and more fucked up . 
  ok thank you  . 
  do you know by chance what the black gates are for ? 
  just got it , man that looks sick, 
  game really likes to remind you that it is inspired by dark souls . 
  could be ripped straight out of that game . 
  help all those cute guys , and for what ? 
  so that they can serve as food . 
  but you got your money for the work , but was it worth it ? 
  yeah i 'm missing 4 . i read that he will eat them at 2 . so i 'm stopping . 
  first mimic straight up killed me because i was so fucking shocked . 
  had full health too . 
  i 'm loading up nailart after freding a grub every time since then . 
  got ta be prepared ... 
  thank you for your work , i 'm sure this will come in handy for many of us, 
  could you be more specific on the deep focus ? 
  ca n't find it for the life of me, 
  the amount of holes left are an accurate display, 
  how can you hide something that does n't exist ? 
  ok thank you very much, 
  also thanks, 
  spell twister could also use some clarification, 
  follow him, 
  i have the key but i do n't know what the fuck i am supposed to inside ?!, 
  can someone help ? 
  did i know that he would n't leave ? 
  no , but thanks . 
  i 'm glad to know there 's something that 'll make him fuck off . 
  where 's that trio at ? 
  do you mean the weavers ? 
  pretty often , did also best him in the arena, 
  good for you i guess . . i always found my way to him instantly , not instantly but well i remember deepnest , took me around 10 minutes to find him in that mess ... so he does die when not rescued ? 
  i thought he had that fools armor protecting him . 
  no , he 's around the well in dirtmouth and is talking to another citizen about his glorious arena victory over me ( sure buddy , did n't even hit me once ) . 
  he wo n't stop and it barely reaches to the bank . 
  they did it on porpuse like this . 
  they want to punish me for helping that moron . 
  i 'm the real fool here i guess . 
  are you interested in the journal entry about zote ? 
  presuming you wo n't see it since you ca n't beat him anymore ... since he 's dead . 
  do n't know about the journal , i 'll send you the entry, 
  ( spoiler ) !!!, 
  `` a self proclaimed knight , of no renown . 
  wields a nail he carved from shellwood , named ` life ender ' . '', 
  hunters notes :, 
  `` some rare creatures are so weak , so helpless , so inept and so irritating that hunting them gives no pleasure . '', 
  think i found it , it 's at the very bottom of ancient basin below the palace . 
  the bottom before you get shadow dash, 
  someone mod this is . 
  ca n't be too hard,
