  could be , but the foliage is just too similar to tidal imo . 
  also , there are no red rock formations on that pic, 
  yeah , i 'm almost frightened to admit that i play on console here . 
  i once postet in a thread that was complaining about hackers . 
  i said that people tend to hack more on pc . 
  which is true . 
  hacking is easier on pc . 
  fact . 
  well i was downvoted to the ground . 
  which is n't surprising . 
  but pm 's that are insulting you that badly for simply playing on console ? 
  damn that reminds of the ` good ol' ' 50 's when you were n't allowed to ride the bus as a black man . 
  did you read op 's edit and the messages he received ? 
  because i think beeing that rude to someone simply due to the fact that he plays on a different platform can be resembled to that . 
  because it 's really the same thing . 
  one person is black -  hated by a white person . 
  one person plays on consolde -  hated by a pc player . 
  it 's obviously not as bad . 
  but it is the same idea . 
  hating someone for no actual reason , other than making yourself feel better about yourself on the basis that you are/do something different . 
  and the funny part is that those differences are so minor , it simply does n't make any sense . 
  a black and a white man are the exact same , to 99,999999 % . 
  playing console or pc is the exact same , only difference are the graphics , which are n't even as bad as pcmasterrace people want you to believe . 
  so yeah , i just did that . 
  and i stand by what i said . 
  no , i was referring to the messages op received . 
  read his edit . 
  price will drop and drop , sad truth is that the mcc 's image is already so bad , people probably wo n't download it , even if it would be free, 
  i will sell all my mythic reqs if this armor is real, 
  * bravados, 
  seeker is still uglier, 
  blow me away - halo 2/3, 
  belgium is a country , not a city . 
  dude , i 'm feeling a real connection between the two of us right now . 
  first world war , it was a fight over world leader 's ego 's . 
  and yet it was the most brutal , violent and frightening war . 
  stop staring into my soul please, 
  i was about to make that joke, 
  my friend to me : i 'd rather die standing than live sitting . 
  * runs out of cover , get 's sliced up instantly *, 
  we were playing halo infection . 
  i laughed for a good 5 minutes . 
  blacklight retribution was pretty cool, 
  germany , you 're not allowed to express any positive feeling towards your own country . 
  you 'll be labeled nazi immidiatly . 
  by other germans , foreigners , basically everyone . 
  and do n't get me started on flags . 
  there is not a single flag anywhere . 
  the only german flags to see being displayed in public are on gouvernement buildings , and only on a few of them . 
  the only time it is actually accepted is during any football championship going on , like right now . 
  go to a random country in the world and shout `` do you love your country ? '', 
  people are very linely to respond with a huge `` yeahhhh !!! '', 
  do it in germany , nothing . 
  it was carnival and i kissed a guy who was wearing a power rangers morphsuit . 
  he started it but i was n't afraid of kissing him , i also did n't feel disgust or anything bad . 
  which confused me a bit since i have been a straight guy to this day . 
  i never had any homosexual experiences after this day , but it makes me wonder about my sexuality every now and then . 
  i have a girlfriend and i love her , but sometimes i still wonder what could be . 
  worst title ever . 
  inform yourself about the political situation in austria . 
  it 's bad . 
  let 's see how the brexit turns out before thinking about england . 
  they could be the next greece very soon . 
  just remember that you are a fuckface too now . 
  i can totally understand what her cats must have been going through, 
  i 'll upvote without knowing what in the world you just said, 
  these guys are unable to do anything but complain, 
  too late anyways , upvoted already, 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  i have the right to . 
  and guess what ? 
  i did it . 
  i know . 
  unbelievable . 
  esport players are often a bunch of whiney kids , or at least they behave like said kids . 
  i remember in the early halo 5 days there was a mode called breakout . 
  it was a fun mode and i loved watching it . 
  but esport players hated it . 
  so everytime they had to play it they just killed themselves all the time . 
  many teams did this , on camera even . 
  it made 343 ( developer ) take it out of the esport system . 
  man up and stop killing yourselves . 
  what a bunch of pussies these guys were . 
  now , i 'm not calling the overwatch players pussies , but maybe the have something to do with this awful new sudden death thing . 
  simpsons did it first, 
  it 's even weirder watching it from europe, 
  how do you drive using square shaped tires on cars ? 
  crypt is so bad holy shit, 
  i knew i liked that helmet for a reason, 
  it 's for tourism , mostly . 
  people from france , belgium , come over frequently to hang out there . 
  i 've never been in one though . 
  i do n't know dude . 
  i 've never played one and i honestly think the only good one is that goat simulator , which is basically just to make fun of the others existing . 
  this is actually not that true , we are as lazy as every other nation . 
  we 're just efficient being lazy . 
  i hate what she does , because she never actually does anything . 
  she always just tries to please everyone . 
  but you ca n't do that . 
  so everyone is always pissed somehow .
