  can confirm this . 
  did it last week . 
  he 's a nightstalker , so yes . 
  but she does n't know yet . 
  boy a , that dick, 
  it 's so cool to be in a club, 
  these are all so perfect, 
  do n't ask this is a halo sub . 
  go to r/xbox . 
  that 's where you 'll find the truth . 
  i 'm all for it , of course . 
  this can only be good for this game . 
  oh you think reddit is bad huh ? 
  go to the destiny forums . 
  have fun . 
  ps : you wo n't . 
  it does save do n't worry . 
  i 'd join, 
  i have never played one of these games , and i 'm german . 
  i honestly think they are the stupidest shit ever, 
  servers are down , i already downloaded it, 
  edit : down for me . 
  experiences may vary i guess . 
  germany btw . 
  i hate people like that, 
  i remember when i thought the story was over and stepped outside and was like : `` uhm , yeah , it 's not over yet . '', 
  yes , i mean i ca n't like guarantee it or anything . 
  but they are very likely to not be interested when encountering these excuses all the time . 
  one rule to date by : `` if she ' ( he ) d be intrested , she 'd show it . '', 
  simple right ? 
  well it took me s while to truly grasp the concept and to realize how valueable this advice truly is . 
  it 's funny how people always point out that they are `` from soft virgins '' . 
  i know what i 'm talking about , i said it too , like 2 months ago . 
  especially in 3000 +, 
  she should be banned from comp for like a week or two , i mean let 's be honest . 
  who on console that did n't play ptr can already play her in , for example , a 3000 + match ? 
  it 's like having a mercy on your team trying to go for gold eliminations . 
  at least 3000 +, 
  no you keep that torb nerf , by far the best that ever happened to console ov . 
  make symmetra great again . 
  but not torb . 
  there 's like a law in female cosplay now that you have to show your tits in some way or another . 
  and another rule says that they have to be huge , they 're not ? 
  bad luck . 
  there 's a difference between saying it to the voters and spin it like it is on the behalf of every american . 
  and saying it to only rich friends on a rich guy party really making it sound like you only ran for president to get your and your friend 's taxes down . 
  huge difference in fact, 
  let me guess ... best art direction battlefield 1 ? 
  would not surprise me one bit, 
  lgbt ? 
  he needs some kind of mask, 
  yeah , reapers story is a whole mystery . 
  and the sad part is that his story is very intresting . 
  especially the fact that he makes soldier and mercy responsible for his new self . 
  maybe they 're evil or were corrupt ? 
  we do n't know . 
  but we need to know . 
  maybe there 's more depth to this . 
  joe biden under the bed, 
  stayed away from time share since that sp episode, 
  special edition that came with the custom controller , even better, 
  flair checks out, 
  yup , i would start playing it on pc if i could transfer my stuff, 
  race would make me come back . 
  halo racing is so good and there are so many good tracks, 
  how many hours mercy ? 
  what is it with girls playing mercy and healers in general so much ? 
  i know this sounds weird but most girls i 've seen play , play mercy . 
  http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/xmsmercy/video/22517405 found this mercy montage , it 's unrelated and boring ... but it 's made by a woman . 
  soooo ... yeah . 
  missed opportunity here . 
  the 3ds on the side should 've bee changed to ds3 :p, 
  i did n't downvote but i have to admit that i wanted to downvote too . 
  do n't know why . 
  i think it sounded a little like bragging ? 
  i do n't know , it 's weird . 
  it 's not like playing her is crazy difficult or anything , so there 's his first mistake, 
  yeah that 's how overwatch is when you start . 
  people will start using healers , as they rank up due to the realization that you need a healer to suceed . 
  do n't worry though , mercy is always appreciated . 
  this is exactly what overwatch is like early . 
  it will get better . 
  the level 70,90 s are in your match because they are playing with their low level friends . 
  it 's failing if there are no high players on your team too though . 
  i tried the same . 
  i played with my free weekend friend and the game kept matching us against very high players ( such as myself ) because it wanted it to be balanced . 
  problem is that the enemy team always seemed to have more high players . 
  or our low players were simply too bad . 
  because we were getting rekt all day and had 0 fun as a result . 
  and i 'm not joking . 
  we did not win a single match . 
  my friend and me kept switching between tank and healer duty because no one else would do it otherwise . 
  because cyborg ninja is simply too cool to pass up , despite the fact that genji is very hard to play and that new players almost never know what they are doing . 
  well long story short , it forced me to whip out my lvl 5 smurf , and we were finally able to fucking win a match . 
  thank the lord . 
  btw , do n't smurf . 
  i only did it for my friend who begged me to do it so we could have at least some amount of fun . 
  and it was only for like 2 games anyways . 
  you should n't play a character because other people yell at you to change because they think you are bad , which is incredibly subjective might i add . 
  example : today i had my first sombra comp match ( diamond , and this dude immediatly messages me and tells me to change , because genji main and he knows that i should change to some other character because i coulnd ' t possibly be able to play this character already , despite the fact that i played her a lot already .
