  i do n't get what drove them to actually put this live . 
  ffa swat sounds like the perfect thing to ragequit to . 
  team snipers was available for like 3 different weeks and was in social slayer as well . 
  i really do n't need that again . 
  threat markers . 
  the new attachments are threat markers . 
  it has been brought up by greenskull and chief canuck, 
  you believed me , but you were too lazy to look it up for yourself . 
  and i 've fallen for that trick . 
  well played . 
  it was hinted at so i have my right to complain . 
  an unsc air vehicle was comfirmed in an interview before launch, 
  this update is soo dissapointing . 
  so many missed ooportunities . 
  it has nothing to do with reach besides armor and that turret that never was any special . 
  not even a reach themed map . 
  wow another dope map i can dashboard to . 
  wow , you really never stop believing huh ? 
  it 's a phaeton and not a falcon . 
  get used to dissapointment i guess, 
  not for this update, 
  it 's the complainers that change games to the better . 
  complaining is all we can ever do . 
  so why not complain ? 
  it 's obvious for halo wars 2 to have air vehicles . 
  come on man . 
  no , this was their perfect opportunity . 
  who will ever read it besides members of the halo community ? 
  was asking myself the same thing . 
  they originally said early may . 
  a release after the 11th ( livestream date ) is not early may anymore . 
  is this a troll video ? 
  and why is that ? 
  very cool , i really like your aerial rig shot . 
  the turret was never something special though . 
  honestly . 
  what did jorges turret do that made it sooooooo memorable ? 
  he could mount it on civilian vehicles , period . 
  will we be able to mount it on scout hogs ? 
  probably not . 
  so it 's pretty much a dissapointment as well . 
  because a gravity hammer does n't require special physics . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it would seperate players further , and 343 ca n't have that with a population that low already . 
  good luck fixing seeker, 
  so low that i would n't go for a specific item if i was you . 
  you start earning ultra rare/legendary/mythic stuff at lvl 90 . emile 's helmet is mythic . 
  this update has actually very little to do with reach . 
  his criticism is justified imo . 
  i mean come on , a reach emblem and then they put the phaeton beside it ? 
  wow 343 . 
  i 'm sorry to ask you , but which falcon did you pilot in halo reach ? 
  was probably not the same that i used . 
  no , the stars mean mythic . 
  the system is a little bit weird . 
  it 's mythic when it has stars even though it says legendary . 
  the auntie dot did only appear in reach , ever . 
  that means it 's a reach emblem . 
  even though it 's actually oni . 
  ah ok , that 's what you meant . 
  i said `` very little '' . 
  no , i say : focus on releasing playlists that will stay healthy and that people want badly , like infection . 
  you and maybe 100 other doubles players are not a priority . 
  i want my falcon , where is it 343 ? 
  i tried it . 
  it works . 
  exactly that . 
  do n't ask me why it works but it does . 
  everyone in my party started to complain about lag instantly . 
  not laughing was hard lol . 
  i stopped after like 20 seconds though . 
  lag stopped too . 
  the numbers are hidden for a reason . 
  because they 're low . 
  but 343 does n't want us to know that . 
  do you remember the `` most popular '' list in the xbox store ? 
  it was taken down in the last xbox dashboard update . 
  why ? 
  because it indicated player population . 
  so , i looked at that list daily before that happened . 
  and i remember that halo 5 was at the very end of that list . 
  hell , there 's a reason i play against the same people everyday . 
  games that had a higher population than h5 that will surprise you :, 
  rainbow six siege, 
  ark survival evolved, 
  minecraft, 
  fifa, 
  oh , and you can also indicate player population by sales numbers that were actually released . 
  halo 3 sold 11 million times , halo 5 sold 3 million . 
  still any questions ? 
  probably causes collision/physics engine problems that cause frame rate drops . 
  do n't know specifics though . 
  but it works . 
  winter contingent and me were able to capture fortress on the first attenpt without losing a single spartan numerous times in the past . 
  you know what really makes this map a bitch ? 
  when defenders lose and start spamming scout hogs up the ass . 
  that 's what get 's me way too angry . 
  there will be a huge hcs tournament next year . 
  that 's confirmed . 
  they will need a huge amount of money for that .
