  some of 'em look stupid imo, 
  ronin level 11 , that 's it, 
  as a console genji main , i will suck ass , but i need this, 
  do i need a friend ? 
  ok , now that i played my legion again . 
  what changed ? 
  but for real , i need someone to play with so i can get that fucking skin, 
  should 've never gone ziplining, 
  oh my jesus , i suck at hook but i love these clips . 
  if you are using hook and have clips reading this , post them . 
  wait , we only have 11 days to do this ? 
  as a hacker , how is she so sexy ? 
  the real question people . 
  yeah ronin needs a buff, 
  wrote this for a cod player who needed help some days ago, 
  welcome to the fun side of the island, 
  honestly , i thought the maps were terrible for wallrunning when i started playing last week . 
  but now at gen 3 , i can get around so quickly on any map , it 's quite stunning actually . 
  all hail unit lost, 
  just read the tf2 lore , what in the world ? 
  80 % of lts players use tone . 
  legion is the other 20, 
  my legion after a huge killstreak : will you avenge me ? 
  gen 10 legion here , he is still the same , i did n'tnorice anything . 
  i 'm doing just as good, 
  apply hit and run tacticts . 
  never attack over long distances . 
  only if you have support behind you/behind enemy . 
  always flank . 
  damage as much as you can . 
  either run away after using all ammunition , electric wave , or finish enemy of . 
  depends on enemies and your health . 
  this is how you attack most efficient : electric wave , shotgun ammo ( dash around enemy here using 3 dashs ) , phase shift ( reload while phase shift , phase shift through enemy to get behind him ) , shotgun ammo again . 
  if enemy gains too much distance just dash backwards and around a corner . 
  forget about him and or approach from different angle . 
  strike as soon as he thinks you ran away for good , which you did n't . 
  use block whilst looking around a corner , there could be other titans waiting to damage you . 
  block does also block electric smoke and other stuff it clearly should n't . 
  keep that in mind . 
  get in close range and deploy electric smoke . 
  only stay in the smoke whilst fighting your opponent . 
  try to corner him in it . 
  all i can think of rn . 
  half the money comes from killing ai , the other half is stored as bonus you turn in, 
  no one would pay for the stupid advocate gifts, 
  del : there 's this good gun you get at level 45 . 
  joe : 5/10, 
  did n't happen this time . 
  which is good . 
  yeah he 's a dumbass, 
  ypu guys just fucked up bigly, 
  please play lts , we need more population here . 
  it 's fun i swear . . 
  because lazy, 
  lts should be ranked honestly . 
  me and my friends are just stomping through it 90 % of the time . 
  try maethrillian reclaimers, 
  her by vincent, 
  yeah it 's honestly really unique . 
  i hope we see a new kind of trap emerge from that . 
  i know northstar is bad but that was just rude . 
  frontier defense, 
  and no , it was not talked about yet . 
  she 's just careful . 
  there 's guys that put drugs in drinks . 
  it 's quite stunning how this is not surprising , at all . 
  this shoud n't even be up for debate . 
  all his cases should be finished before swearing in . 
  they always reply instantly if they truly care about you . 
  so yeah , i would care about stuff like that . 
  i do n't mind it honestly , but it 's always a good indication on how much they really value your time . 
  do n't make him/her your priority . 
  or simply do n't date the person , if you do n't feel valued enough . 
  you tweeted to a girl and she loses her mind over that ? 
  that girl would be too much trouble for me . 
  i hope she 's like super hot and worth all that drama . 
  i 'm in a similar position right now . 
  i 'm on college and i 'm usually going out every weekend to see and get to know new people . 
  and like you i am working out a lot . 
  i guess we have to accept that it just takes longer for some people . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  well kinda , but not really . 
  i mean there 's no urgency for us . 
  i am sure you will meet your so and he/she will be just as glad to meet you . 
  on the other hand i have to admit that i feel like i am missing out on something as long as i am still alone . 
  and it does n't help that a lot of friends have found their so and are happy together , whilst i am allowed to watch it and feel left behind and lonely . 
  and that is definatly happening for me , and i 'm sure it happened to you . 
  suicidal thoughts here and there , you ca n't prevent those . 
  but you sure as hell should not give in to them . 
  someone i knew all my life commited suicide some weeks ago . 
  and let me tell that this is ugly for everyone that cares or ever cared about the person . 
  i do n't know what i can still tell you . 
  just hang in there . 
  know that you will find the person that just checks every box . 
  i know it 's hard when you do n't know what you 're doing wrong . 
  hell , maybe you 're not doing jackshit wrong . 
  pretty sure you 're not , honestly . 
  the person that you check every box for simply did n't appear or realize that yet . 
  germany 's train infrastructure is beyond garbage . 
  let me tell you that as someone that relies on it every day .
