  but this video expands the conversation beyond that . 
  please for the love of god , and gaming . 
  watch it . 
  hey guys . 
  so , infection made it 's glorious return . 
  we all know that . 
  and i 've spent some time in forge to build a fat kid map . 
  it 's not your usual fat kid map though . 
  it 's highly detailed and has an urban/city theme to it . 
  i tried to focus on immersion and really creating a city buried under an outbreak . 
  i do n't want to spoil too much since there a some easter eggs here and there . 
  the map works with every fat kid gametype . 
  but i created one as well , which is suited for the map . 
  my gt is `` pilot dalamen '' and the map 's name is `` cathedralis '' . 
  hey guys ,, 
  with infection finally being here i decided to forge a fat kid map . 
  it 's a fan favourite and definatly one of the best infection types . 
  now , i changed things up a little bit . 
  usually a fat kid map is like a tower with not much detail attached to it . 
  you run it up trying to get away from the fat kid and his minions . 
  i however thought it would be cool to give the whole thing a city theme . 
  so i did exactly that . 
  i tried to focus on immersion and make it look like a city getting overrun by a zombie horde . 
  my gt is `` pilot dalamen '' . 
  i also created a fat kid gametype . 
  but it 's generally playable with every fat kid variant . 
  disclaimer : the map has vehicles on it , i included them for humans . 
  i did n't know about forgers not being able to turn off vehicle use for infected . 
  i hope it will be added in the future . 
  you have to rely on honor rules for now i guess . 
  have fun . 
  [ removed ], 
  i upgraded my warp to theta level , tried to jump to a b level system , it did n't work . 
  the game just refused to let me . 
  so i went here and learned that i have to connect warp and hyperdriver . 
  so shit i had to delete my theta warp driver i grinded pretty long for . 
  so i did everything all over again except this time i connected warp and hyperdriver . 
  i knew i did it right because now hyperdriver and warp both had a blue light around their icon . 
  anyways , i tried to jump to a b level system again , and it still did n't work . 
  now i 'm actually convinced that i am a : a retard and hoping that someone on here can help me figure out what the problem is or b : that my game is glitched and that i should simply wait for a patch . 
  the game is in pre-alpha . 
  respawn will gather information and feedback . 
  they will look at what you say and they will consider shifting the game into your direction . 
  but, 
  please for the love of god think about your feedback before giving it . 
  think about why you want this or that . 
  and then you think about how to improve it or how to make it flat out different . 
  and be reasonable about it . 
  keep in mind that devs are no wizards and that changing stuff takes a lot of time and money . 
  communication between devs and community is important but often not executed correctly . 
  the game is only in pre alpha people , i know seeing something that ruins the game for you is unsettling and dissapointing , but please do n't let that cloud your mind . 
  stay calm , collect your thoughts and give constructive criticism . 
  do n't be like : man this game 's like cod . 
  that sucks !, 
  i hate cod !, 
  this game 's garbage already !, 
  i 've read that stuff waaay to often today already . 
  example : only robotic pilot will be able to use grapling hook . 
  now do n't get me wrong here , i think jensen 's outfit in human revolution is pretty neat . 
  really digging it . 
  but i always love wearing masks in stealth games , for the extra ninja feeling . 
  so , just asking , anyone else here who really wants some kind of mask ? 
  maybe only for combat and stealth sections like in watch dogs ? 
  oh , but please make it a reward for doing something in the game . 
  like playing through on hard . 
  wo n't buy a mask for 4.99 . 
  so i always wanted to be a raider in a fallout game . 
  i do n't know why but i just love everything about them . 
  since the first time i played fallout . 
  long story short : i created a new character just for nuka world , to go in as nothing but the sole survivor , without additional titles . 
  to become the best raider i could possibly be . 
  now , i wanted to conquer sanctuary yesterday . 
  so i 'm going there for preston to give me the quest to turn it into a settlement . 
  and he 's like `` go away you raider monster !, 
  you will never get this settlement . '', 
  so he basically refused to give me the quest unless i kill all my raiders . 
  which i wo n't do , obviously . 
  my question now is : how do i get this fuckface preston to give me that quest ? 
  i already searched for mods , but i did n't find one that solves the problem yet . 
  any help is appreciated . 
  thanks in advance guys . 
  [ ( spoilers ) ], 
  i do really enjoy this new dlc . 
  and it got me thinking about the nuka world lore and if there even is any ?!, 
  i want to list the stuff i already know and then see if anyone can help me out with their knowledge to potentially find out more about the topics i do n't know anything about currently . 
  i already googled some of these . 
  legendary raider atlas : googled him but did n't find anything . 
  too bad !, 
  red eye 's story made him pretty intresting . 
  bradberton : founder and inventor of nuka cola . 
  his descendants live west from nuka world . 
  has a few locations named after him . 
  hubologists : ` faction ' from fallout 2 . 
  they live west from nuka world . 
  sierra : returning character from fallout 3 . runs the nuka world museum in washington . 
  not an official museum btw . 
  red eye : googled him too . 
  did n't find anything . 
  andover : an actual city north from boston . 
  but no lore yet .
