  that 's like the other side of the country , anyways thanks for the info . 
  well , red eye 's the real deal after all ... 
  does he have a physical location ? 
  did n't find him yet :\\, 
  longshot theory here, 
  it does in my opinion deliver something that fallout 4 failed to deliver up to this point . 
  which is that bad and evil part about fallout . 
  that we used to have in older games . 
  3 and new vegas both had possibilities to be truly evil . 
  you had the reputation system in f3 and the legion in nv . 
  in f4 , how ever , all the factions do believe that they are doing the right thing . 
  all of them can be considered to be good people . 
  no true opportunities to be an evil guy . 
  nuka world does give you that evil fallout back . 
  slaves , murder , blood , raiders , just being an overall asshole wasteland monster . 
  but it goes a step further . 
  raiding the commonwealth and taking/enslaving settlements does really have an impact on the world of f4 . 
  people start to recognize you as overboss and are scared . 
  your raider outposts start to wander the wastes as they grow in numbers . 
  hell , preston did n't want to talk to me anymore !, 
  but as some people mentioned , it is indeed a bit light on quests . 
  there 's some other stuff that bugged me , some of the quests are annoying to finish tbh . 
  a lot of random collecting to get the unique weapons which is annoying af . 
  but i need to recommend this dlc in the end . 
  i just had waaay too much fun being a raider and enslaving the commonwealth . 
  it gave me a reason to play around with settlements . 
  yeah , vanilla does n't have an opportunity to be evil . 
  reddit needs more of your kind, 
  go raider or go home, 
  yeah , you can simply liberate the park , but that will block you off from literally everything else this dlc offers . 
  same problem here . 
  we need more stuff like this in fallout 4 . the game is lacking these uber creepy things and places . 
  like this village of cannibals in f3 that you could uncover and then kill all of 'em . 
  very likely to be a mod though . 
  fallout does n't do dead children since f2, 
  alien blaster that is not different from the og one . 
  yeah , it 's stupid how fallout makes you the leader of everything right away . 
  bonus points when they threat you whilst you are wearing modded badass looking armor plus weapons . 
  i once glued s huge sticker over my paintball mask visor . 
  it was a bad idea . 
  awww , that 's my dixie, 
  he 's looking for caps, 
  you can use nuka world robot parts on your own robots, 
  simply do n't give the gang you dislike anything, 
  yeah , that weapon is actually garbage . 
  splattercannon all the way, 
  you need other settlements to supply your raider outposts . 
  because raiders do n't like working for their food , water themselves . 
  if you make the work for the food themselves moral will go down pretty significant . 
  you can simply talk to preston and he will give you that quest as well . 
  you could also just start killing the faction leaders , will trigger the quest too . 
  but i think for preston to give you the quest you have to enslave some settlements first . 
  romeo and juliette maybe, 
  the dialogue you get with preston about it is actually very funny . 
  no ... splattercannon ... 
  i think they both have the same perks . 
  i would make it 60-40 . that 's what i 'm rolling with and moral is pretty stable around 50-70 . like 60 % raider outposts and 40 % settlements that supply those outposts . 
  eh , does n't matter when you have like 6 million caps, 
  this story would 've been cooler withyou turning into the evil guy in the end with nuka world, 
  what 's so cool about this ?!, 
  i thought a custom game browser was confirmed ages ago ?!, 
  or is this a custom game server browser ? 
  commenting with `` masterrace '' wo n't get you anywhere in a halo sub . 
  ok yeah i understand why people are so hyped :d that 's amazing, 
  they will grow in numbers do n't worry . 
  all my outposts have 21 raiders by now . 
  that 's way too much . 
  courier was my favourite, 
  only get nuka world if you really want to be evil and embrace it . 
  if you do n't want that , get far harbor . 
  he will be pissed off but wo n't go hostile or anything . 
  you can still do minuteman stuff . 
  pretty much what happened . 
  he 's a raider that red eye sings about in 2 of his songs . 
  did some pretty sick stuff , appearantly . 
  sadly he 's a new character and did n't appear in fallout yet . 
  21 raiders in hangman 's alley is ridiculous, 
  i feel you man , i ca n't imagine building all this stuff without limitless ressources . 
  thanks man , sadly , i 'm on xbox :\\, 
  that 's a letdown, 
  silent . 
  i do n't like the german male voice . 
  he sounds like a guy in his lage 50 's . 
  which kills immersion when yo 're trying to roleplay a 30 year old guy . 
  a raider overboss that wants to do nothing but murder, 
  this game 's ranking system is garbage . 
  people adress it on the daily ( myself included ) , but shit just does n't change . 
  ever heared of youtube ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  the game 's pretty much finished at this point . 
  snoop dog voice . 
  or the arnold, 
  popular opinion : no it 's a stupid idea . 
  i know it 's necessary because 343 needs more money to keep the support up , but even though i understand this , i think it 's a stupid idea . 
  there are better ways to make money than to sell people op weapons for outrageous pricing . 
  there was very little to be concerned about lately . 
  i needed something new . 
  fallout 3 is a lot of green too . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  i 've been thinking about getting a halo tattoo too , not sure what yet .
