  pretty sure you know where this is going . 
  i played well , had health pack control and we won easily . 
  defense and offense . 
  already finished , 
  there was this girl that had a mercy montage . 
  she flew around and rezzed people ... in every shot ... all the time ... 
  it was boring as shit . 
  and it does n't help that literally everyone can fly to some dead mates and press q. 
  http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/xmsmercy/video/22517444 found it , enjoy the sick plays and intro . 
  http://xboxdvr.com/gamer/xmsmercy/video/22517405 she vapes in this one . 
  what ? 
  that 's very honest of you, 
  appreciate it, 
  how will humanity end ? 
  will we ascend ? 
  or die with this planet ? 
  yeah it 's obvious that she wants to show of an mlg montage . 
  without the skill it takes to get the footage for it . 
  thus the result . 
  that 's very rude of you . 
  i 'm a fully grown up and i love me some good reaper . 
  i know , that 's why i posted it . 
  to show how boring it is to play healer all the time . 
  i mean this girl literally never plays another character . 
  and then she makes a montage where she presses q and gets a kill on a weak ass target that 's getting attacked by another 20 guys every now and then . 
  like stop it . 
  might i ask how old your sister is ? 
  because she sounds like a 12 year old, 
  i could n't decide if i wanted to roast or promote her lol . 
  at first i wanted to roast her for that montage . . but i felt bad ... so i editted the comment . 
  yeah , but i have to admit that i choose the worst one ... she has like half a dozen of those mercy only montages . 
  and the funniest part is that she has an audience on xbox . 
  it 's not the video games , it 's the `` die die die '' yelling that makes her seem like 12, 
  this better be on apple music dude, 
  i cry, 
  played comp with sombra , i have n't left the select screen yet and i can already see how my teammates stop moving to text me on how i could possibly have the audacity to play sombra . 
  i ended up playing 25-6 and had big health pack control at all times . 
  we won easily . 
  now that does n't mean that this was all due to me . 
  but i did my job . 
  as i said , controlled health packs at all times . 
  and my team was clever enough to focus the fights around them . 
  ults were also point , comboing with zarya and dva . 
  well , and the enemy sombra was complete garbage , which is not helping my point , i know , but she simply did n't blther with the health packs . 
  final stretch on road 66 offense and i had control over the last 2 large packs all the time . 
  and these are so important holy shit . 
  do n't harrass someone only because they play sombra , gee people . 
  they could end up being very helpful . 
  no that 's no limits . 
  the place where all fucks are banned from time and space . 
  well , not teleporting i to open field all the time would certainly help, 
  i 'd personally enjoy a terry crews dva way more ... just saying, 
  ps4 and x1 both have a group system . 
  start with that . 
  also mention reddit in the title . 
  like : `` overgirls reddit '' or `` reddit 's overgirls '' . 
  no prime suggestions i know lol . 
  or just put it in the description so that people know it 's this group . 
  it 's nearly the same , played it on both . 
  i live near a place with a huge church , building it took a total of 1000 years, 
  meck-pomm is pretty awful , learned about it in school, 
  it 'd be pretty fucking hard . 
  but he would stand no chance in a versus situation . 
  they are sisters not doubles , great mission . 
  maybe there 's too many black friday noobs on the servers right now ... or the system is garbage ... 
  i 'm having the same problem ever since i started playing comp zenyatta , people assume that i can solo heal . 
  there were several matches where i solo healed my team simply because no one wanted to play support . 
  funny enough we still won some of those matches . 
  but still , how can a team be reliant on a solo healing zenyatta in high diamond ? 
  yeah zenyatta is the ultimate carry hero , he can do everything . 
  he can keep a whole team alive . 
  does your character have black skin ? 
  that 's german . 
  the word `` sona '' does n't exist like that . 
  and i honestly do n't know what ap means . 
  i played the german version of ds3 for a while and ap is not in there . 
  it would mean something like :, 
  the `` sona '' will still go onto the `` ap '', 
  not for eternity . 
  everything gets old after a while . 
  everything . 
  and i do n't want this to end on a bad note . 
  yeah , only weirdos go defense . 
  i 'm upvoting this with a heavy heart, 
  every map in overwatch tells a story my friend . 
  that 's one thing this game has in common with dark souls . 
  fire dva 's actor and hire cruz for her . 
  holyyyy shit . 
  i would probably die of laughing . 
  this does officially kill the man . 
  really a shame right ? 
  it 's really making me angry how this is ruining a good game, 
  i was so close to masters . 
  it hurts, 
  now that 's a name i did n't hear in a long time, 
  you carried him all the way to aldrich ? 
  a new player ? 
  from undead settlement ? 
  you just saved him hours of playtime lol, 
  i honestly never found aldrich to be too hard .
