  this is literally everyone for like the first 5 hours, 
  no way in hell you 're 18 . you 're not older than 16 . 
  i would usually tell you to come back in a few years when rating you would actually make sense , but if you insist on being 18 . 
  7.5 , i suggest you try a haircut that covers your forehead a bit more, 
  . . i played that game a lot , how does one get mad about that ? 
  very fine people , on both sides . 
  anyways , people like that are no friends and can fuck off, 
  no , just boring, 
  could be abducted by r/dankchristianmemes, 
  stay away, 
  what was he trying, 
  ayy good to see you over here, 
  well you could be incredibly charismatic for all i know , you just look boring . 
  ya know ? 
  i really like your eyebrows . 
  you 're not ugly, 
  you have 4 different stances , attacking from each one of those starts a new combo , which then leaves you in another stance upon finishing . 
  the game is all about knowing your deck . 
  and understanding what your opponoent is using in time . 
  for example : i know this guy likes his sweeps , so i will just use my high kicks . 
  let me guess , and you could walk on water, 
  laaaaaaag, 
  i wo n't pvp out in the world , since there 's literally no reason to do so, 
  what reason is there ? 
  what benefits does pvp in the world have over simply doing combat trials ? 
  yeah i know , i 've done my fair share of dicking around in games . 
  but i 'll do that after i got gear and xp and moves from combat trials . 
  just like i did in dark souls . 
  then i will go and annoy new players . 
  yes , a goal that i want to achieve first . 
  because otherwise i will feel like i 'm wasting time . 
  and that 's why i said that `` i '' wo n't do open world pvp, 
  yes , no reason to do it over combat trials . 
  only your personal enjoyment . 
  this argument is exactly where it was 10 minutes ago . 
  we went around in a loop . 
  anyway . 
  i ca n't enjoy that until i meet my goals . 
  others might . 
  you can pick it up when you kill jinn , who is just around the corner from where this guy is standing . 
  they have to increase drop rates for these . 
  i 'm 46 and did n't get a mask that i like . 
  yeah i got one , but i do n't like it very much . 
  yeah true , i really want it as equipment, 
  yes true , i always forget that since no weapon did ever drop for me . 
  the biggest issue rn is that there 's only 1v1 to grind . 
  and i can honestly not play more than like 5 of those in a row . 
  it 's just too intense and get 's kinda boring too . 
  i hope that pve dungeon thing drops good gear . 
  or the other pvp modes . 
  what ever they release first, 
  yeah ok i can see the problem, 
  seen it a couple of times , but pretty much every mask is rare in this game, 
  high risk high reward as i see . 
  the risl of this going notmies is n't too high , due to the sexual nature of the meme , and we all know that i carly gibby rape memes never went normie . 
  but if this goes normie , it goes normie with full force due to the popularity of the source material . 
  invest , but stay put , to sell as fast as possible . 
  no you 're not unlucky . 
  i 'm combat level 50 and only git one mask . 
  the drop rate is terrible, 
  a couple of things have to be done here . 
  1 . increase drop rate of the good stuff . 
  i 'm combat level 50 and did get 1 ok mask and a set of combat gloves . 
  these 1v1s are very intense and i 'm sure that many players do n't play them due to this . 
  not to mention that they get kinda boring . 
  this game should 've launched with at least a 2v2 . 
  i 've made friends while playing this game , but i ca n't do anything with them . 
  add a system to search for schools , finding a school that teaches the style you need is kinda annoying and luck based . 
  they have to remove the shit you find out in the world anyways . 
  that 's stupid as hell . 
  nice stick buddy, 
  nonono not what i meant :d i mean i do n't these things to drop from trials . 
  and i thought i played a lot, 
  yes, 
  i 'm not sure how much they can fix honestly , it 's p2p servers . 
  this game will never reach true competitive levels as long as those are n't replaced . 
  who gives a fuck . 
  what 's even the problem ? 
  this random dude you started talking to a week ago follows other random people on instagram . 
  are you expecting him to unfollow all these girls because of these conversations he had with you ? 
  you have to be a fucking bombshell to think he would do that for you in this super early stage . 
  i did n't unfollow anyone for any girl ever , even for girlfriends . 
  and quite frankly i do n't even see a problem here . 
  i think you 're just super unexperienced . 
  just let it be and keep talking to him . 
  i hope i helped you , i know that might 've sounded a bit rough but i realize you might just younger . 
  do n't take it personal . 
  i do n't think you 're ugly but these pics are simply terrible . 
  also stop flexing , there 's nothing there, 
  i love yung , but this video was kinda boring . 
  ok this all makes a lot more sense now haha . 
  i was so confused , i thought you were like 15 years old , discovering that your crush has other girls . 
  you might wan na edit and clarify . 
  i do n't think i can help you much honestly . 
  just keep talking and you might see what his intentions are before it 's too late . 
  good luck, 
  go and explore friend, 
  i hope she does rn soon, 
  they could add oretty much anything and it would help . 
  it 's not like we gave crazy variety .
