  this looks pretty well done . 
  do you mind telling me how much you paid ? 
  that 's not nearly as much as i expected !, 
  white satin by zed 's dead, 
  busdriver and dicedrinker are pretty cool and simple . 
  kingston is complicated but a shitload of fun . 
  veni , vidi , vici is probably the best qoute ever . 
  fallout 5 on the moon confirmed ?!? 
  something happened to the moon base near the lake of tranquility . 
  but nobody knows what exactly . 
  i had this . 
  only way to reverse is by loading an earlier save . 
  those road to liberty guys are amazing, 
  only more edgy, 
  grognak for cait , not nee but still fitting, 
  edit : oh , ps4 . 
  there was a really handy glicth in skyrim , but i do n't know one for fallout 4 . :\\, 
  show 'em who 's boss by sending some raiders their way . 
  you ca n't connect raider settlements over supply routes . 
  raiders do n't want to that kinda work . 
  wow i 'm playing since release and i 'm on my 4th character , never seen him before . 
  yeah i 've meet a legendary raider who had a name , brohlovski or something like that . 
  he lived with a bunch of radroaches in an abandoned house near lexington . 
  did n't the lone wanderer leave the capital wasteland and traveled through the commonwealth shortly after ? 
  i got locked out . 
  preston ( that bitch ) said i could only progress if i would kill all the raiders first . 
  i loved bos in 3 and nv . 
  in 4 how ever , they kinda feel like future wasteland nazis . 
  i do n't think so, 
  i did exactly that on my second nuka run like 2 hours ago . 
  he only tells you that he has some kind of challenge for you . 
  and that there is a reward , if we dare to go for it . 
  i do n't mind red eye doing everything by himself . 
  it really tells you a lot about him and raiders in general . 
  they work with what they have . 
  and hey , if you only have like one guy who can play the guitar ? 
  yeah well , i guess there 's only one performer then . 
  i remember an evil man once saying : go in there and make it amazing !, 
  yeah that 's actually the reason i like nuka world so much . 
  because it gives you the opportunity to be an evil character . 
  i just wish there was a way to finish the game using the nuka world faction . 
  like leading them to assault the institue big time . 
  because i actually started a new raider character jzst for this dlc . 
  and i lived every second of being evil . 
  going to covenant and just killing everyone for no reason is always one of the first things i do after starting a new character . 
  this perfect world these guys build there is creeps me out . 
  having the same glitch . 
  we have to wait for a patch i guess . . 
  played 2 matches , won both of them . 
  not a single sniper kill . 
  that does n't make any difference, 
  dude check your english first , or at least state that english is not your native language . 
  the meanest raider to ever wander this world . 
  there 's like 10 different versions , so it has to be true !, 
  i did play it on community nights with ssg 's, 
  i 've tried it but it is impossible, 
  i overreacted . 
  you just wanted to make people laugh . 
  i should n't have been a dick like that . 
  he looks amazing . 
  i need that armor in my life . 
  did you work backstory/lore out yet ? 
  i would be willing to try it . 
  but only as raider , bos or some other faction member . 
  i was actually proud of me when i finished the last one without any help . 
  i 'm currently using my unmodded ` main ' character . 
  jelez vaal , level 82 , ol' reliable, 
  the funniest part is how the scorpion gets constantly downgraded . 
  the rocket velocity and actual movement get worse every day . 
  damn , got ta go through the gauntlet again, 
  everybody was registered well in advance . 
  you can go through the overseer 's terminal . 
  he/she wrote something like : this one family finally accepted our offer last minute . 
  we were able to get them in . 
  fuck preston yo, 
  i 'm glad forge gets the respect it deserves, 
  this worked since day one, 
  link ? 
  he as good points and an honest heart but he 's too far off sometimes and does very often criticise things that do n't need criticism . 
  i sometimes feel like he runs out of stuff to complain about . 
  wow wow wow there buddy , why do n't we relax for a second ? 
  but in wz . 
  there were countless times where i had like 3 kills and req lvl 9 in the end simply because my friend got like 40 kills on an oni turret . 
  that , i do n't know, 
  it 's a shame . 
  it 's mind boggling to me why sony decided to abandon console mods . 
  3 months down the drain sony be like : yo console mods will work on ps4 pro !, 
  you just got ta buy that first ... 
  maybe they will offer mod support on ps4 pro only, 
  i 'm getting downvoted now . 
  but i want to see your faces when it eventually happeneds . 
  there is no other explanation . 
  why ? 
  some mods i have installed would n't even fit on the ps4 , even if they were the only ones installed at a time . 
  i own both systems and this is honestly ps4 's biggest issue . 
  all the exclusives seem too weak . 
  the only good exclusive ps4 has is bloodborne . 
  whilst microsoft has : halo , forza , gears , sunset ... 
  the list continues . 
  yeah that 's true .
