  buy the dlc but do n't activate it right away . 
  that 's the mistake i made . 
  crimson curse really fucks new players, 
  yeah , i 'm still relying on the far mod to run it full screen . 
  and people annoy me for rating it negativ , even though i explained the situation to them . 
  * turns down light and invests cautiously *, 
  yeah , angry winston is 10x more horrifying than any doomfist could ever be, 
  that 's exactly what i thought . 
  sombra hacking genji is bad . 
  but a hacked doomfist ? 
  that 's instant death . 
  i also think reaper can be really effective against him , due to his large hitbox, 
  dude . 
  try using full stops more . 
  anyway , i did n't read the whole thing , but a broken heart will heal . 
  every time . 
  and i 'm sure you know that . 
  give it two weeks or so and you probably wo n't give a fuck anymore . 
  just be productive these two weeks and you 're fine . 
  edit : there 's not a single full stop in your text . 
  that 's all . 
  i do n't think that 's you in the picture . 
  anyway , there might be flaws on you that you do n't realize yourself . 
  i once dated a girl that was smoking hot , but annoying as fuck to be around . 
  we had sex twice and i moved on as a result . 
  the weirdest thing she did was brag about how she cheated on her boyfriend . 
  and right after that she asks me where things are going between us . 
  yeah , i 'm going , that 's all lol . 
  i got ta give it to the guy complaining . 
  people are trying to rank up . 
  telling them that your 5yo is playing would literally make me report you 10 times . 
  why in ranked man ? 
  let him play the brawls or quick play . 
  that 's not it . 
  it 's the skill cap . 
  same problem for me . 
  no it does not fix this paticular problem . 
  some quest are still glicthed for me . 
  delicate situation especially, 
  pretty sure that is going nowhere . 
  sony is obsessed with having control , like every japanese video game company . 
  and these mods take a slight amount of control away from them , which is obviously outrageous . 
  one final git gud friend . 
  you guys need to post more like this . 
  there is this theory in which gundyr is a black knight . 
  since the only black knight glaive in the game can be found in his arena , with no body next to . 
  it would make sense since gundyr uses a glaive . 
  i 'm on xbox so i did n't play doomfist yet . 
  is orisa actually a doomfist counter like she should be ? 
  get out, 
  thank you for your insights . 
  how about reaper ? 
  dizzy is only rare, 
  fuck knows, 
  they will do n't worry, 
  keep it up , remind people that you guys exist . 
  fucking annoying af, 
  halo octagon . 
  cometh ateth me . 
  is this from the frost mod ? 
  man i fucking love that map . 
  i hope they bring it back . 
  i 'm also in central eu and i get matched with people all over the place . 
  this causes problems here and there . 
  especially when playing with australiens . 
  fucking onyx guard, 
  your dick would rot off the instant you enter . 
  that 's why mago does n't have one . 
  ok , but now look at the final product . 
  fat n annoying . 
  and wrapped in wrestler attire . 
  not sure who really wants to play with that . 
  ok , but that means a lot of work for something that people would n't even like that much . 
  why do that when you can simply put the same amount of work in an old character that people will love for sure ? 
  yes . 
  unless they come up with cool og characters right at launch , it will stay like it is . 
  reaper was overwatchs intelligence head , basically . 
  has to be good for something . 
  i want dat onyx booty, 
  i 'm not saying those are boring ... but superstar cole is kinda boring, 
  how old are you ? 
  because this was a problem of mine when i was younger . 
  which will subside as you get older . 
  your preferences will become clearer to you and what you dislike as well . 
  just stay put for now i guess , not too much you can do about it . 
  i 'm actually finding it really hard to get attached to anyone these days . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  when did that release ? 
  yeah , but the photos are bad, 
  it 's gametime baby, 
  i got enough for all o ya !, 
  its gametime baby, 
  onyx guard, 
  the credit count makes this pic lol . 
  mine looks the same, 
  o.o how do u know, 
  praise thee , mago . 
  yeah , especially when on fallout or that village map , dawn i think . . ? 
  people do n't realize how strong they are for power weapon control . 
  ... how do u suck with the overkill ?
