  the thing is , the game is in dire need of it . 
  player numbers have been falling like crazy . 
  no one on my playlist plays it anymore . 
  all these pussies are back on pubg, 
  this game feels like an early access release , due to it lacking so much, 
  they did say they will release this dungeon thing which are these essence mines that appearantly draw lost prospects to them . 
  kuretz even talks about them when you beat him the third time at level 40 . 
  my strong guess is that we will be called to like go in there and defeat some other nerd hiding there . 
  thing is , the last boss , risryn , suggest you two join up with her when you beat her the second time , i 'm about to defeat her the third time . 
  i 'm excited for what she will tell me . 
  anyways , you 're right , the story is nothing but a tutorial . 
  and this is what might be coming . 
  let 's hope it 's coming fast , i do n't want this game to die . 
  reviews are at mixed already . 
  you ... you can really get these again ? 
  is he photoshopped in ? 
  it looks like they got bored after putting all this stuff into edz and just said , fuck it, 
  well , you have the snorkling mask already . 
  so that 's good . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i love the game but even though i do , i stopped playing . 
  it 's just not fun . 
  100 players online equals into around 30 on my server . 
  sorry but that 's nothing , i started playing absolver and i love that game too . 
  sadly it seems that game will suffer the same fate as this one is . 
  i think so , not 100 procent sure though, 
  i must admit that i laughed when i saw how fast he just ran for it when he got the beating, 
  maybe the sex was boring for him, 
  i hate that frog mask so much, 
  what, 
  the first picture is by far the best 8 on that one, 
  you post every other month girl . 
  i would highly suggest you seek some help with this unhealthy obsession you have with your looks , instead of posting here and amiugly . 
  because that ego boost will not stay for long . 
  i mean people tell you that you 're good looking literally every time you post , what are you seeking at this point ? 
  6-7 with make up, 
  what is with that photo ? 
  did your cat take that, 
  might sound stupid , but i recommend mine . 
  they 've been featured on rul . 
  they could n't complete them . 
  anyways , i made 3 that are completely finished . 
  valhalla labs, 
  3rd omega zone ( hardest ), 
  black ceiling, 
  my gt is enslayve, 
  ok , be sure to tell me how you like them , if you do try them, 
  ca n't play it because nvidia drivers, 
  nothing to do with the card , it 's the driver . 
  if you are on the newer ones the game will just die . 
  i spent all die trying to roll the shit back . 
  just managed to do it . 
  gain . 
  weight . 
  i chatted with support today because this update reminded me of it . 
  they say they are aware blablabla . 
  corporate bullshit as usual, 
  i saw you before . . i think team cherry retweeted you or something . 
  cool cosplay regardless, 
  this is no arena shooter , more like an online brawler, 
  i played the beta , whole lot of silence there too, 
  i heard that games king of the hill mode is epic too, 
  tried to play . 
  servers are dead due to so many people . 
  might try again tomorrow . 
  will delete if it does n't work then, 
  the game is dead at this point 100 player peak is around 30 in my region , which is nothing . 
  they either do this or they let it rot . 
  they have a publisher though, 
  next e3 mate, 
  you can be proud of yourself, 
  no , the game just has almost no players , that 's all, 
  it 's a reeeeeeeepost from r / unny, 
  shame on y u !, 
  you 're probably crazy and or annoying , cause it 's not the looks . 
  and i think you know that, 
  8.5 , love your style, 
  end game payday characters are more monster than men . 
  they can do pretty much anything they want not lacking in firepower or gear . 
  i ca n't see the gta crew win this . 
  maybe through some super ultra clever plan , problem is that the payday crew is no stranger to clever plans . 
  as always , more sport . 
  we should get a bot that just comments that . 
  appropriate emoji usage . 
  and totally offtopic . 
  8 without the glasses, 
  i have a feeling some people need to be reminded what the term actually means, 
  you 're not genuinely ugly or anything , but you 're not the greatest pleasure to look at either, 
  great cap , i approve the message, 
  i 'm tired of defending this game for having enough players , because it does n't . 
  we need to be vocal about our massive amount of displeasure about the tiny playerbase . 
  maybe then , the pc version of this game can be saved . 
  this is painful, 
  not trap but this song cheers me up, 
  it 's a sports show where the host faces one opponent in several challenges . 
  they swap clothes all the time . 
  how am i defending it ? 
  the game is dead , period, 
  i got my reputation destroyed because i was playing gears ranked on my pc . 
  and everyone on pc must be a hacker .
