  it 's just wasted potential for a great gaming friendship . 
  wow , you got ta feel pretty old right now, 
  i can hear you aging through the keyboard, 
  i read the first 2 sentences , asked myself : oh god , is it lemon party ? 
  * looks at username * heck yes, 
  you sounded so strong the last post . 
  do n't let that guy bring you down . 
  well , that really should n't make you feel comfortable . 
  thanks for being honest though . 
  i feel very meh about this, 
  someone asked me if i wanted their card or something . 
  i said yes and took it from her . 
  she then said that she would hope to receive a card from me in the future . 
  i said i would n't know if drugs dealers should hand out cards like that . 
  she did n't like my joke , sadly . 
  well , not yet, 
  no , you 're not ugly . 
  your problem is self esteem . 
  try the gym , working out and stuff . 
  worked for my self esteem . 
  any advice for me ? 
  i have a similar thing . 
  i like the smell our basement has . 
  which is a little weird . 
  no , i will not do anything to get the girl i like . 
  sometimes i just do n't care enough to reply to all the texts . 
  i hate that excessive texting . 
  but all that is just me, 
  you definatly do n't sound like a crazy person . 
  i appreciate your response , honestly . 
  and i have tried to be patient and all that , and i still am very patient , because i do n't want to scare her off or anything . 
  a big problem is that she feels uncomfortable when it 's only her and me in the party . 
  i do n't know why ( i feel like she 's scared of me making a move or aome shit , which i would never ever do , i 'm not a thirsty 12 year old ) . 
  with that being said : asking her these kind of very personal questions is hard when you are in a party with like 10 players . 
  i will keep on trying though . 
  i will probably ask a question like that even if it would mean to ask it in a huge party , who cares in the end . 
  i 'm from germany , she 's from the states . 
  that should make it pretty hard for me to flirt or anything . 
  i do n't think there 's anything i can say that erases the possibilities of me making a move more . 
  german 19 year old here :, 
  i 've been to some countries , and german girls are the hardest to get so watch out for that . 
  they always want you to make the first move , in everything . 
  some honor code or so , do n't know , still confuses me . 
  do n't look like a show-off , do n't try to impress too hard . 
  do n't let her know what you 're up to . 
  mystery is important for some reason . 
  never talk about history . 
  we know we were bad kids , we hear that in school every day . 
  never ask for anything beer related . 
  do n't ask if she was to oktoberfest before . 
  chances are she has n't been there . 
  that 's it . 
  oh , and do n't expect a kiss when bring her to her door or something . 
  stumbled upon a `` doctor '' who cuts off legs and arms of women . 
  cuts out their tongue . 
  makes their lips glossy . 
  and sells them as human sex toys . 
  not sure if prank or not . 
  but it was just terrifying what his deals were . 
  needless to say i did never visit that site again . 
  like i said . 
  could 've been a troll . 
  but he had a whole website about it . 
  a lot of effort to scare random people on the deepweb, 
  yeah , it 's creepy as fuck, 
  do n't worry , help i was seeking , someone to talk about it i found . 
  you seem to be a very nice person . 
  do you still play yourself ? 
  we could exchange gt 's , if you 'd like to . 
  well please do n't get the impression that we eat that stuff 24/7 . 
  i ate sauerkraut once last year . 
  not a big fan . 
  but i 'm glad you like it !, 
  do n't worry it 's fine . 
  german is a lot harder than english . 
  `` what do you wan na do for a living later ? '', 
  i 'm a lazy piece of ass , leave me alone, 
  how i wish i could respond using that line, 
  mortal kombat x , by far . 
  bulletstorm was pretty brutal as well . 
  internet outages . 
  even brief seconds make me go up a fucking wall, 
  wearing a mask . 
  i never do it in public aside from snowboarding , but i love the feeling when people ca n't see my face or who i am . 
  monster ? 
  i like the taste . . 
  wow , got ta try that, 
  why do humans have so much in common with you when we are basically made by god ? 
  i wear my monster shirt to the gym . 
  have n't worn it in public for ages . 
  i said it might be a troll twice, 
  touch\u00e9 nobleman, 
  i would be straight honest to her about the situation . 
  i mean it 's not too bad anyways . 
  it might sound strange but i 've been told by some friends ( yes girls ) that they actually like it when a boy is untouched . 
  or how they called that . 
  ca n't remember . 
  i always enjoy that `` i like you '' . 
  pretty basic , but it gets the job done . 
  haha jokes aside , but honestly i would just do it like that .
