  why banned ?? 
  well dark souls 2 was n't developed by the miyazaki team . 
  the a team made 1,3 and bloodborne . 
  ... we did it ... ? 
  a lot of games are actually running bad because i refuse do update to keep gears clean . 
  this ca n't be fixed soon enough . 
  onyx . 
  guard . 
  that game had 10 times as many players, 
  no , far from it actually, 
  i remember when i tossed a meatshield that caught a torque arrow and saved my life . 
  that was just as amazing as this . 
  should 've recorded it . 
  honestly ? 
  i played a lot of games where i came across the same people every fucking day . 
  where i look at a team and know exactly who i will play against . 
  and they know me . 
  and i realized that playing the same people every day is something that i do n't want . 
  so i 'd like to have at least 10000 players online . 
  that 'd be nice , honestly . 
  i 'm german and do n't know who that is . 
  is that the equivalent of some nazis trying to save a hitler statue ? 
  looking to good . 
  but i realize that the artist is the real deal here , and not the picture itself . 
  i suggest you play a slower game like xcom , wasteland first . 
  my father is also a gamer but he can not play ` fast ' games properly , so he sticks to turn based strategy or exploration games ( skyrim , fallout ) . 
  works well and he enjoys his time . 
  alright , i can see why you would want to take that down . 
  makes sense . 
  that 's exactly what i thought yesterday . 
  i 'm really bad a this game but i do enjoy my time , i want to learn . 
  so yesterday , when i was getting wrecked again , i thought to myself : well comp will be here soon and i can play competitive matches against people just as bad as me . 
  but then it dawned on me . 
  how many really really bad players will be left when comp releases ? 
  probably not too many since people tend to stop playing games they suck at fairly quick . 
  i 'm sure this photoshoot took a great deal of power and confidence . 
  well done good sir . 
  s. . . ss . . self awareness ? 
  ca n't they just type it in indian ?? 
  do n't do it in english if this is the result . 
  no man . 
  just no . 
  there 's no publisher on earth that wants a game to suck so they can label it f2p . 
  if they really wanted an f2p shooter they would 've flat out declined the contract with the devs . 
  instead of going this fucking weird route you 're describing . 
  oh my god , yeah , that existed, 
  cliffy b just did a terrible job marketing this . 
  i love your work cliff but this was just not on point . 
  i think they are not playing their strongest cards . 
  if you publish a game on pc you need to make very clear what your game is and what makes it so special . 
  i do n't think lawbreakers did that properly . 
  it focused too much on it 's heroes and the anti gravity . 
  when you see the trailers for the anti grav it just comes off as a titanfall clone . 
  but it 's so much more than that . 
  it 's a gamechanger . 
  especially the blindfire . 
  it adds so much to the skillcap . 
  they should 've labeled it more like an evolution of the old arena shooters . 
  and for the heroes ? 
  give 'em something man . 
  they have nothing . 
  no videos , no lore cards , no story . 
  that 's at least how it feels . 
  i also think all of these dumbass youtubers immidiatly labeling this as on overwatch competitor were not very helpful . 
  compare anything to overwatch , it will fail if it is n't f2p right away . 
  yeah you are ` attractive ' . 
  but this is r/amisexy . 
  and you 're not that sexy in those pics . 
  wraith is literally dead when slide is on cooldown too long, 
  that humanoid face you gave him creeps me the fuck out, 
  i know it sounds like you have it all the time , but i found myself dying very often to slide not being available, 
  they are literally worse than the dirt and insects that i walk over every day . 
  but i also want to question their ` strong ' rethoric . 
  how exactly is running someone over , white and female btw , considered strong behaviour ? 
  that is beyond weak . 
  something only a fearful , distressed , wimp would do . 
  fuck them , i hope you guys will be able to root out this evil . 
  when trump is gone . 
  unsurprising , ps4 has way less games than steam . 
  console market is in a drought rn . 
  not too many good games out there . 
  i 'm sure the ps4 community is welcoming this game that the evil xbox people do n't have . 
  edit : i 'm a xbox player and salty that it is n't on there . 
  i play it on pc alone , where as i could play it with friends on xbox . 
  yes , id like to see a bot mode , honestly , just to train new characters . 
  yeah , i sometimes just do n't blindfire because of this, 
  do n't limit it , it 's an arena shooter , not a hero shooter . 
  limiting it is not beneficial . 
  yeah , there can be 2 wraiths , what ever . 
  good point . 
  if 2 teammates decide to play juggernaut and wraith , i 'm already fucked . 
  i had a guy yesterday who picked up the battery and did n't notice it . 
  so our entire team was following him around trying to protect him . 
  it resulted with him dying somewhere near the enemy spawn , onviously they scored that right away . 
  i played jugg yesterday as goalkeeper in blitzball . 
  i was really effective denying some otherwise really easily scored goals . 
  but it was pretty boring tbh . 
  juggernaut needs some sort of movement or ranged ability . 
  a jugg in 0g is pretty much a dead jugg . 
  same with any open space .
