  this thing is so bad it has to be bugged or something , oni chaingun is 10x better, 
  back to honor rules i guess, 
  that logic . 
  `` map is technically disqualified , but i like it ... 
  fuck rules i 'll change it to make it win . '', 
  what ? 
  every playlist with a star attached to it 's name grants more rp/xp, 
  thank me later . 
  it 's raining indoors . 
  so ... . . immersive, 
  wow, 
  thank you . 
  i actually detailed it further since posting here . 
  infection kicks me more than anything else, 
  damn , you guys sure know how to pressure someone, 
  i will fight for my black undersuits , and creating a shitload of threads is all i can do . 
  so i 'll do that . 
  it is definatly way under 70.000 looking at how i play against the same players every single day . 
  i run into the same people everyday playing warzone, 
  translation : unofficial mod support, 
  my hatred for mei is unlimited . 
  `` i hate you torbj\u00f6rn '' - every genji player, 
  does n't work on the turret for some reason . 
  at least not as effective as it should be . 
  `` drop dat dookie '' - angry joe, 
  still torn between discovery and homework, 
  bosch is amazing from start to finish , especially the second season . 
  but no one i know watches it . 
  so my family story in that regard is actually very intresting . 
  my grandfather was an engineer during the war . 
  he was part of the team that developed the v2 rockets . 
  after their team was `` done '' they were send to the front via train . 
  during the train ride he and his co worker i 'll just call him , realized that the front is utter garbage ( especially the russian front ) , so they jumped off the train . 
  not sure if it was standing or still moving . 
  i remember him having wounds in the story so i think it was still moving . 
  how ever , the train was near poland at that time . 
  so they walked back . 
  he lived in west germany . 
  weeks later he arrived home , almost dead . 
  he could n't go to a hospital since the ss would 've been able to get him there . 
  luckily , my grandmother was a nurse and was able to take care of him . 
  my grandgrandfather was actually part of the `` waffen ss '' . 
  the guys that have those skulls on their caps . 
  i bet you all remember that meme `` i think we could be the bad guys . 
  did you see the skulls on our caps ? '', 
  how ever , he was shot and brought into an english prison . 
  life in the prison was actually easy on him . 
  they had football and chess tournaments with the english soldiers . 
  he survived and came back and lived a happy live . 
  he actually became german chess master , or what ever you call it , twice . 
  there are some other stories but these are the most intresting . 
  edit : i 've heared these stories a long time ago . 
  i might 've swapped some stuff around by accident . 
  just a disclaimer i guess . 
  exactly that movie lol, 
  thank you , i never actually met him . 
  he died before i was born . 
  these stories were told by my grandma . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  it 's a game on pc . 
  people hack on pc . 
  did n't encounter any yet, 
  sick playyyyys, 
  because no spartan would ever do that . 
  spoiled teens would though . 
  and spartans =\\ = spoiled teens, 
  celebrated in silence , like a serious and proffesional soldier . 
  and not like a noodle that just won a cod match , who 's now shittalking to the enemy team . 
  also , they are spartans , brothers and sisters , no enemies . 
  over the garden wall . 
  one episode is 10 minutes long . 
  not binge watching it does n't make any sense . 
  also you need to keep in touch with the episode to connect the deeper meaning of each episode with the previous one to come up with your solution by the end of the last episode, 
  binge watching it right now lol . 
  korra , her muscles turn me on so hard, 
  fictional until proven real i guess lol, 
  too late , binge-watched it, 
  no i want a predator kind of character . 
  make invis his ult, 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  what company ? 
  or tag ? 
  dlmn is my tag, 
  black list is my company, 
  i 'm a martial artist . 
  i like slighty muscluar women . 
  dlmn, 
  good , we 're making progress, 
  daft punk skin plays `` around the world '' when speedboosting, 
  brass knuckle . 
  one hit to the face should deal with the intruder . 
  unless he has a gun , which is rare in my country, 
  how my mother beat me up and my dad was too afraid to do anything, 
  when they divorced , and both tried to get me on `` their side '', 
  yes , to see what happeneds to humanity, 
  do n't mind me , just waiting for that dude to show up and arrest you for not tagging it as serious, 
  sexuality , no one should ever be forced to hide him/hers sexual preferences out of the fear to be judged . 
  i 'm referring to being hetero/homo/bisexual . 
  maybe all your friends are homosexual and you have to confess that you enjoy some pussy after all, 
  honk kong , the beach side of the island,
