stop right there !, 
  i think he is talking about the taxation of it , which i will just have to check , let me crawl through some of my old receipts ... ... oh , apparently it was taxed at 19 % on 20.02.15 , i 'll just go back to the hole i came from ... 
  fast food is in my experience still expensive , even in rich countries . 
  there is a lot of top notch universities , institutions and clusters there . 
  and do n't forget that the alps have a lot of pharmaceutical industries for some reason . 
  you forgot about liechtenstein , which rather boringly translates to liechtenstein . 
  accuracy does not tell you that . 
  accuracy probably refers to : acc = ( tp+tn ) / ( tp+tn+fn+fp ) where ` tp ` is true positives , ` tn ` is true negatives , ` fn ` false negatives and ` fp ` false positives . 
  this is a measure of how many things were correctly classified ( trues ` t ` ) out of the total sample size ( ` n ` ) . 
  acc = t/n with 99.9 % this is with that accuracy it is expected that only one in 1000 classifications will be wrong . 
  some would argue that there is \u00c5land . 
  but i do n't think russia would need more presence in the baltic , as they already have kaliningrad and leningrad on the baltic . 
  but then again , they took crimea , despite already having land on the black sea . 
  ( i do n't really know a lot about this stuff , why did russia take crimea ? ), 
  have you guys finally remembered how to vote again ? 
  when are you going to vote ? 
  you do n't . 
  i think this is why the us presidentials have been such a shit hurling competition . 
  it 's 9/11 where you do n't fuck up your date format . 
  i think you guys just love everything and everybody . 
  ^ ^ except ^ ^ for ^ ^ danes ^ ^ of ^ ^ course . . 
  reading that feels like i am having a stroke . 
  this is also seriously wrong in most parts of long countries like norway . 
  i think a bot that responds to dicks out for harambe . 
  - my dad . 
  probably . 
  you found words where finnish is not the weird one !, 
  never met any of those . 
  even the temp ones ( mostly students ) i found to be nice . 
  but i also have n't really met a lot , and they were mostly students , so that may have an impact . 
  i am not . 
  most americans i met who have come to europe have been very nice people . 
  summer is pretty nice though . 
  unlike bloody austria ... 
  both are still more than 70 . :d, 
  or some genome sequencing papers, 
  ah yes , goldstein . 
  traitor to big brother and oceania , supposedly in eurasia . 
  well , so much for the predicted brain-drain happening there . 
  germany did not win against poland in sportsball ? 
  damn you merkel for not sending the luftwaffel to help them win the game !, 
  my doorknob fell of ? 
  damn those eu regulated doorknobs !, 
  it is raining outside ? 
  damn you eu for not banning rain at inappropriate times !, 
  and liechtenstein !, 
  i need to know about those liechtenstein metal bands !, 
  does the prince of liechtenstein have a metal band ? 
  no , but there is ipoacqos , rfc 2549, 
  well , the dose makes a poison . 
  i do n't know how much is in the ham and i imagine dose-relation curves for cancer are really hard to establish . 
  but either way , i imagine it is probably safe to eat the ham . 
  flipbait ? 
  well , finnmark is very close to finnland , and in some bits they also speak an almost finnish language . 
  i forgive you . 
  the norwegian meps ? 
  all zero of them ? 
  but _ they _ are already doing that !, 
  seize the means of ( food ) production \u262d !, 
  that is unless you are fine with eating something like pesto , which is probably crap . 
  i am sometimes okay with that . 
  what is a britain ? 
  my town has a b\u00e5tm\u00e5nsveien . 
  great how the title just goes right through northern fennoscandia . 
  i wanted to know what is photographed here !, 
  well , there is a lot of that government too authoritarian going on and this bit :  after all democracy is just mob rule where 51 % can take away the right of the 49 % others, 
  if it were n't for the flair i would guess you are american . 
  i mean you hit a lot of hallmarks there ... 
  usually in these types of laws exceptions are made for history and the likes . 
  like in germany you ca n't use nazi symbols , unless you are doing it for purposes of education or something ( ca n't remember exactly how it was ) . 
  good point , i totally forgot about kids with only one parent !, 
  either way , there is probably still aunts and uncles that they will see around . 
  not only us , i have some french flat mates who ate pasta with ketchup . 
  oh , and a german flat mate who ate boiled eggs with ketchup . 
  i think that as a reasonably small country , you could legalise it and then observe ( it is probable that backpeddaling on equal-rights laws might cause some problems though , not sure ) . 
  we do n't exactly have many people , and that does n't give us many potential homosexual couples . 
  i suspect the figure is about 1 % of people . 
  a certain amount of the population is rather old , or rather young , and might not adopt for those reasons . 
  another part maybe just does n't want children . 
  in the end you are probably left with only a couple thousand couples in the case of a small country like finland . 
  ( yes , that is thousands , but you 'd probably want a size of at least a couple hundreds in an experiment . 
  then again , i do n't really known since i do biology and not psychology . 
  also this is entirely guesstimated , i have no idea about actual numbers . ), 
  in the end , i think that the effects , if any , might vary depending on the cultural background , and even if we get data , either way , it may not necessarily apply for another country or area . 
  leave it to the italians to time their baristas to tenths of seconds . 
  i think one of the arguments that gets thrown around by conservative groups is that the kids would be confused by having gay parents . 
  oh , and the `` preservation of the traditional family image '' thing . 
  and sometimes people say something like `` it 's not natural '' . 
  and religious reasons are not necessarily based in hate . 
  i do n't find these really convincing . 
  there you go . 
  3s +7 s = 10s, 
  all the spanish people i have met in recent memory only drink the cheapest shittiest instant coffee . 
  well , the guy also has to put some coffee into the coffee receptacle . 
  got ta give them some time for that . 
  and this one uses actual iso 639-2 codes instead of some made-up combination . 
  well yes , the countries , but on the level below that it just seems mostly arbitrary . 
  does n't really follow pollitical borders except in some bits . 
  who the fuck drew those borders ? 
  might as well say fennoscandia , because denmark is n't much trees .
