  free market and capitalism are separate terms in marxism . 
  it tried to produce a commodity in the form of a better conjuncture , or power as a commodity . 
  not all capital is money . 
  it fails to fulfill the definition of the communist means of production . 
  it is not communist . 
  i should also add that no regime has ever * claimed * to achieve communism - and referred to themselves as `` socialist '' . 
  of course you 'll have to use marxist definitions when discussing marxism . 
  but it 's free , bruh . 
  free stuff is the best . 
  but who was s ? 
  take this corn it is a gift from the internet , may it serve you well . 
  also , get downloading tor . 
  i 'm a proud descendant of a german jewish refugee . 
  in that case you 'd be financing the hospital , which is n't bad . 
  more democracy for us , 
  he reminds me of clement attlee . 
  an all-round great man who regenerated britain . 
  i would ask for some money and invest in a fishing fleet . 
  the coup could 've failed if the people did n't rally into the streets , though . 
  popular support was crucial . 
  and if you look at 19th century history , you 'll definely find a lot of uprisings . 
  * just do n't remind me of maria da fonte , that all started because the government banned burying people in churches for sanitary reasons ( - __ - ) *, 
  we need production because if the eu does n't recognize imports from southern europe as a fundamental part of its economy , instead punishing those that do n't have a positive commercial scale . 
  the eu punishes countries for not being mercantilist , whilst advocating free trade . 
  the eu proves itself just a defender of the european elite , nothing more . 
  meanwhile , the eunuchs here take it gladly . 
   but i was just trying to be funny . 
  as was i. i also have german heritage :d, 
  and then sell it to the chinese for some milk . 
  and blame hunger on lack of entrepeneurship . 
  with the escudo . 
  how about investing in national production , instead of pretending that being a touristic colony is viable ? 
  if you have a cow that is n't giving enough milk , do you give it better food or do you punch it in the tits ? 
  because i feel like the government is punching us in the tits . 
  explain the mass migration then . 
  500.000 have left the country since 2011 . 
  do you think that someone inventing a new way of serving ice cream is going to save the country ?? 
  we need production . 
  i am offended deeply by this . 
  gemany puts destrutive quotas on portuguese production , floods our country with their cheap products and manipulates the currency to their favour . 
  and they say we 're recovering ??!, 
  the original name is ppd , so yes , they are equivalent . 
  only that psd is not a fascistoid party . . 
  who was henry viii, 
  that 's why i said `` historical roots '' , not that the borders were well adjusted to ethnic differences . 
  yes , but iran 's borders have far stronger historical roots than , say , egypt or saudi arabia . 
  that 's for arabs , not iran . 
  beep beep bipbipbip bipbipbipbip bipbeep, 
  well , do n't forget stalin was georgian ... 
   confiscating their assets yeah , * their * assets , iran 's assets . 
  it 's not even any more radical than what clem attlee had done a few years earlier in britain . 
  colonialism needs to end . 
  finn-ish would also be funny :d, 
  sweden -  swexit would make more sense . 
  but i prefer to say fuck-it because this is a dead end of a pun attempt . 
  yes , but they are n't nations . 
  a nation state and a federal state are distinct entities . 
   28 separate governments who refuse to cooperate because the us is so much better with the other american nations ? 
  wtf it 's not even close to a fair comparison . 
  what 's the law good for anyways when it enables such outright imorality ? 
  now nationalise it !, 
  and many characters of the the glagolitic script are said to have older origins . 
  dog - \u00e3o \u00e3o , au au cat - miau cow - mu duck - qu\u00e1 u\u00e1 sheep - m\u00e9 rooster - cocorococ\u00f3 small birds - piu piu wolf - a\u00fa, 
  including russia . 
  aye , nothing like instrumentalising the eu for the sake of german exports , my favourite sort of freedom . 
  wrong . 
  mind you , i said `` ultrazionists '' , not even just `` zionists '' . 
  i 'm of jewish origin myself , and have had it with the smug mystification of jewish history , be it from side of anti-semites or on the zionist camp . 
  once i even saw a relative of mine share an article titled something like `` why it 's wrong to kill jews '' , citing `` being the chosen people '' as one of its reasons . 
  why should there be any other reason for it being wrong other than `` they 're people '' ? 
  why must there be this constant shrouding in religious mythology ? 
  ultrazionists . 
  taken from the ec 's white paper on the future of europe , right ? 
  cakes, 
  not everyone can afford having fresh pizza all the time . 
  genocide did eventually happen , when jews and moors were expelled from the peninsula , centuries later . 
  b-17 , b-24 , lancaster or wellington  , 
  they had to search the holes in the cheese, 
  russia now has proper logistics . 
  it has night gear . 
  it has more winter camo . 
  it has a well-trained air force with proper sighting equipment . 
  it has solid airborne infantry capabilities . 
  it can bomb out finland 's main military bases in half an hour . 
  it has a cohesive officer corps . 
  the crippling disadvantages it had in the winter war are simply not there anymore . 
  i 'd like to plug in / r/topgnashers for good measure, 
  i just discovered that sub minutes ago ... weird ... 
  well we barely get rain in the summer , but i can say that two days ago we had rain , and that in spring and autumn we get our fair share of rain as well . 
  here , check out [ this ] ( https://i2.wp.com/www.destinoseviagens.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/clima-lisboa.png?resize=640%2c454&amp;ssl=1 ) graph . 
  yes , it 's good to have a a politician running who cares for the rights of the disabled . 
  is that the joke ? 
  or do you think disabled people are a joke ? 
  portugal has a hung parliament and the second largest party in parliament leading a minority government with the backing of other smaller parties . 
  i 'll dislike her less when she fires that creature sch\u00e4uble . 
  what ? 
  lmao why , that 's like asking the wolf to be more vegetarian, 
  you 're the one with idealised fairy tale conceptions of `` reforms '' :'), 
  what about schlacht ? 
  many structural issues are still not solved .
