am grill btw, 
  please no , he 's a fuckhead who once ruled an oppressive regime . 
  yes . 
  my great-grandmother was a silesian jew and family members of mine were killed in the holocaust . 
  the nazis dehumanised themselves . 
  they were nazis , calling them subhumans , although scientifically incorrect , is very much understandable . 
  hopefully , the eu will contribute with funds to rebuild ukrainian economy , although that might be quite costly . 
  although , since anti-putin sentiment in germany is very strong , i would n't see most germans having problems with lending to ukraine . 
  what i wonder is what will happen with the rebel republics . 
  russia is not interested in seeing them defect to them , since they are a strong tool for russian influence in the region . 
  meanwhile , ukraine will have trouble joining the eu whilst still having the rebel areas , and i do n't see those being taken by kyiv too soon . 
  well , those countries offer no conditions and oppose immigration violently . 
  yup , molotov plan . 
  yup , high oil prices + rising construction industry . 
  the fucking warsaw uprising was illegal , you fascist cunt . 
  ai n't that right , kill off dumb people and bring in those who can afford education . 
  also , since the larger part of ukrainian migrants are leaving to russia , immigration towards european ends up being more subtle . 
  and do n't give me the `` there 's no resources '' argument . 
  if lebanon can handle having migrants equal to half of its population , europe can handle the same 2 million as 1/360 ` th of its population . 
   mexicans come into the us trump : build wall !, 
  reddit : oh god no , he 's so racist !, 
   syrians with isis killing them politicians : protect the border with troops and tanks !, 
  kill those that try to force their way in reddit : yeah !, 
  get them out of here !, 
  loans are an investment , nobody loans out money to a state expecting it to be paid back fully , people invest for the interest rates . 
  lol, 
  righto , sorry about that, 
  i 'm half british , you wanker . 
  i know what i 'm saying . 
  portuguese people focus quite a lot on hygiene , in part thanks to arabic influence . 
  i 'm just quite curious about what 's happening in ukraine and want to expand my knowledge therefore . 
  what region is she from ? 
  they even have a denmark-looking peninsula . 
  the portuguese pm did call syriza 's ideas `` children 's games '' a while ago , though . 
  these are reasons , not excuses . 
  it is not a realistic choice , though . 
  that i agree . 
  it would be glorious if it worked , though !, 
  and they are n't owned money `` for free '' . 
  their imports from europe , like all peripheral countries in the eu , support the stronger economies of europe . 
  thank you for your reason . 
   if anything , the current problems with greece show how easy it is for small problems to turn into a shitfest . 
  finger pointing , demagogy , down right lies , populism . 
  tell that to sch\u00e4uble , that disgusting terrorist . 
  it reads `` ohi '' though . 
  enough to keep the budget just slightly afloat . 
  they owe a huge lot to the imf . 
  celsius degrees * can * melt steel beams !, 
  first time i 've seen `` hot grill '' used literally on the internet !, 
  do you actually believe that putin is a communist ? 
  as a portuguese : i think i love you . 
  the struggle for a united europe belongs to us all . 
  as long as the troika forbids the government of raising taxes , nothing can be done . 
  as a portuguese , i say : you are traitors of europe and condone economic belligerence in a union that should be of peace , peace and democracy above all . 
  / r/pitchforkemporium reporting in, 
  the reason ukraine is losing the war is because , in beginning , they called things `` anti-terrorist operations '' , because they 'd lose imf funding if they declared `` war '' . 
  just to show how scummy the imf is . 
  probably because , ever since the ceasefire , lots of people have been watching less graham philips/givi and motorola stuff . 
  and it 's reddit - when something grows , the mainstream opinions will triumph . 
  edit : why are you being downvoted ? 
  just don ' tell that to \u0410\u0417\u041e\u0412 . 
  is there actual proof of them having buk 's ? 
  anyways , if they have access to what were ukrainian weapons deposits , which seems all but unlikely to me , they should have heavy weaponry from it . 
  ex-ukrainian military personell are fighting for the rebels . 
  / r/ukrainianconflict nobody is really unbiased about the war , and the sub leans mostly towards the kiev government , but it is very eclectic . 
  russia would win if it were involved significantly in military operations . 
  it 's not being invaded . 
  the rebels are being supported by russia , and it is very arguable if with military support ( non-lethal aid like uniforms is given ) . 
  there are , legimitately , people from ukraine that want desperately to topple the government and/or join russia . 
  i know this because there is a big ukrainian community in portugal . 
  `` russian invaders '' is a comical exaggeration . 
  and at making them , at autoeuropa  ), 
  a royaltie sans tax ? 
  i bet you said different things about greece, 
  how cute , whenever the sub is n't discussing refugees they all love the eu leadership :p do n't mind being downvoted for telling the truth, 
  although spanish has a much larger tradition in the us . 
  heck , if they are allowed to keep puerto rico , spanish should be allowed to have a respectable status in the usa . 
  so germany 's politicians are understanding that austerity 's bad , right ? 
  lel it 's like 16\u00bac here 8 ), 
  are you studying or on holiday ? 
  the guy is turkish living in sweden , it seems :p, 
  you ca n't discuss facts without an opinion . 
  that is impossible . 
  discussing implies opinions . 
  agreed . 
  far left ? 
  this board is quite right-wing . 
  just take a look at the refugee thing , for instance , or the bashing of greece that happened . 
  i disagree with rt being forbidden since i do n't really see it as the eeevil russkii propaganda that it 's made out to be - of course , it has clear intentions of propaganda , but it still reports some issues very well and is essential in giving an alternate point of view . 
   defies common sense of course , as did newton at his time . 
  common sense does not mean truth . 
   normal logic i do n't think you understand what logic means . 
  you might consider that , when bringing facts into the equation , it does not work anymore , that is an acceptable although simplistic criticism , but you are mixing the concepts of `` science '' , `` logic '' and `` common sense '' in a way that hurts all the foundations of philosophy . 
   i am trying to have one from an objective rational location well i try to do that , but you keep attacking marxist ideology without understanding its relation to the physical world , whilst equating the dominant philosophy , `` common sense '' , to the world itself . 
  when you claim to be `` objective '' and `` rational '' , all you are doing is using common sense as an ear bud to shoo away all sense of analysis . 
  a member of putin 's party . 
  interesting . 
  you mix definitions of the common sense to refute an alternate way of thinking that uses different definitions . 
  you are ignoring marxist thought when criticizing marxist thought , thus avoiding it 's substance . 
  different definitions of capitalism .
