  i saw pictures of all the wedding rings collected , and that alone was just eerie because it humanizes every single one of them instead of just seeing everyone as distant unknown figures of the past . 
  i think i 'd go if i had the chance , but in a way it also makes me wonder if it 's disrespectfully voyeuristic of me . 
  in new orleans we have hurricane katrina tours , which are seen as in bad taste . 
  of course , that was way more recent though . 
   those piles of shoes are just haunting i 've never been , but i think i could guess . 
  were they collected before sending people into the chambers ? 
  sorry if that sounds offensive in any way . 
  sounds like summer camp , those damn counselors . 
  you 're nice for trying to make me feel better  some of you got several days or more than a week though , that would have been more than enough time !, 
  so i 'm starting to realize extremely quickly that my school was really lame ... 
  with our drinking laws , i could never relate to drinking on a field trip in high school with our teachers buzzing around . 
  it 's so out of my experience that i find it so strange ( in a good way , sounds awesome . 
  we snuck alcohol into prom but it is n't the same ) . 
  i was actually inspired by this thread because i was thinking about how a bunch of you said you went to poland as part of your pre-wwii units haha . 
  i live in new york , and my school ( prior to college of course ) would never take us to another country ( i 'm only like 8-10 hours from canada ) . 
  it makes me jealous . 
  10 days are a lot , how old were you ? 
  how long was the trip ? 
  we rarely did overnight trips in my school , but i feel like from what i 've read on this sub they 're more common in europe . 
  also , two trains and a ferry with a bunch of kids . 
  i do n't think any of my teachers would agree to do that , haha . 
  huh , i 've never heard someone call it screwed up before . 
  trump tower though ... has literally nothing of interest in it and why give him attention . 
  people come to see trump tower ? 
  why the fuck ? 
  a carry-over from wwii . 
  hawaii was the place that brought us into the battles , and had heavy military occupation as a result . 
  they brought a lot of stuff like spam there because it keeps longer and is easily transportable . 
  yes , thanks !, 
  love finding new fantasy books . 
  i have to say `` southern ireland '' sometimes . 
  i know it 's not correct , but there 's often no other way to specify to idiots that do n't understand the difference . 
  there 's a popular book series called the magicians where they enter this sort of world-between-worlds called the neitherlands . 
  i do n't know , maybe it 's just because i live in new york and see so many tourists , but i 'm definitely starting to see them more as the second picture when they 're here . 
  my favorite was in orlando though , 2pm , a brit falling down drunk over a low wall in the middle of harry potter world , in front of a bunch of kids wearing wizard robes . 
  it 's not all or most of them by a long-shot , it 's just that the more badly behaved stick out more . 
  i 'm from the nyc area and yes , there 's a lot in my region at the very least . 
  but the poster above you is correct ; they 're more expensive , and typically staffed and owned by people who are actually from france . 
  are you from mexico city by any chance ? 
  i can see similarities between there and florence . 
  lol , that does make a lot more sense than what i was picturing then ( it sort of looks like the waves are rough ) . 
  i 've still never seen anything like it , though . 
  the pics in that wiki look like the land before time . 
  conquistadors brought cilantro over to mexico before we had it here in the us i believe , so we borrowed the word from our neighbors ( the etymology of the word `` cilantro '' is spanish ) rather than the brits . 
   do n't drink anything green colored . 
  in my country that 's fake absinthe or st. patrick 's day , so i 'm intrigued ... 
  that looks way better than i pictured it . 
  also thanks for the band name i love british rock , 
  but let 's be honest , that tree had it coming . 
  was the 50 $ a fine/penalty ? 
  and the second story sounds like a concert or festival , which artists ? 
  because you 're from germany and this sort of reminds me of one of my stories : new york city , particularly queens , has a bunch of biergartens that are advertised as being authentically german ( edit : they 're not , but that 's an argument for another day ) . 
  ca n't steal alcohol from them ( how do you manage that ? 
  not that i 'd even attempt nowadays , i 'm too old ) , but my husband got really drunk at one of them on my birthday and accidentally stole a bartender 's personal beer stein . 
  ca n't think of a better way to punish something, 
  well , according to him , what did the lamp post say ? 
  he may have been in the right . 
  are you saying you * do n't * hire attorneys to fix your bathtub ? 
  * cries softly from new york * france , you even gave my state a statue !, 
  i by no means think we have any business joining , but you guys do n't give eurovision enough credit sometimes . 
  it 's extremely entertaining to watch , and a lot of the songs are actually very good . 
  i like switzerland , italy , and sweden the best this year , but am surprised that the u.k. actually made some semblance of an effort finally . 
  are they having a bunch of events ? 
  i was thinking about driving up to montreal this summer . 
  i 'm proud to report that mcdonald 's is struggling in my region , and one near me closed down a few years ago . 
  the burger king closed down last year . 
  of course we also got a new chipotle in that same time , but c'est la vie . 
  edit : typo, 
  did i just miss an inside joke, 
  whos constitution ? 
  the us ? 
  since when do other countries have to follow that ? 
  [ this one ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/ff/f3/b9/fff3b9248fe80586914cd7d672ec079d.jpg ) in cadaqu\u00e9s spain was very unexpected . 
  your courage is admirable, 
  my vw had a lot of recalls ( it was a problem with that particular year of the model ) , which should have been done for free but their corporate office here is full of shitheads . 
  i also find that it does n't drive as well in the snow as my nissan did . 
  however , i think the aesthetics of both the interior and exterior is nicer than many other cars , and it had more options like touchscreen , bluetooth capability , electronic seat adjustment , side view mirror defrost , and heated seats . 
  newer cars tend to have these things now , but it was pretty rare back when i purchased it . 
  it 's interesting what you said about vw parts ; i have a vw myself ( i liked the aesthetics even though i had my reservations ) , and parts are extremely expensive here because they mostly have to be shipped in from germany . 
  my last car was japanese ( nissan ) , but the parts were nowhere near as expensive . 
  i 've gotten it in my head that germany is just high priced . 
  yep , he was a real estate developer known for helping to turn miami into a vacation destination , and attempted to create a popular resort for celebrities and other famous people in the 1920s in new york . 
  a proper burial would mean alerting the government , and waiting for the site to be dug up and the bones moved , and apparently that was too much of an inconvenience for him . 
  joke was on him , because two years after it was built the stock market crashed and the resort failed over and over until it was abandoned in the 60s . 
  eventually it reopened as a residence where people could buy small condos inside and rent them out to tourists . 
  i stayed there a few years ago because of all the haunting rumors ( i mean , if you want a haunting i guess the best way to go about it is to disturb a mass native american grave ) , which is when and how i learned the history . 
  it 's not a well-known story here ( i live about two hours away ) , because the hotel tries to hide it in fear of going bankrupt when nobody wants to visit , so i had to do a lot of digging to find it all out . 
  [ this site ] ( http://www.michaelphillipcash-officialblog.com/2013/08/montauk-manor.html?m=1 ) explains a little bit of it . 
  ** edit : there is a mistake on that page though , he wrote `` 3,000 years ago '' when he meant 300 . 
  i agreed that they 're frequently portrayed in media like that , but the reality is quite different . 
  there were some cannibalistic tribes , and tribes often went to wars and battles against each other . 
  i live close to a hill that was the site of a mass slaughter of natives perpetuated by a rival tribe ( and then the land developer that purchased it many , many years later was too impatient to have their bones removed and buried and instead decided to grind them up into the foundation of a large resort ) . 
  also canada , mexico , and the caribbean usually ( columbus initially `` discovered '' the island that is now haiti and the dominican republic , not mainland usa ) although i suppose it could mean natives of north * and * south america . 
  i feel like someone with a thick accent tried to call it snot once , and the dutch were like `` yeah , a fine enough name as any , i guess . '', 
  that said , it also looks like what i 'd call split pea soup , which i find tasty . 
  that 's just walmart, 
  i did n't know that ( the france part ) . 
  i knew it was french influenced , but did n't realize it was still popular . 
  what are celebrations like there ? 
  to be fair , he posted the same exact thing on / r/askanamerican he 's not trying to be weird and condescending , he 's just trying to spend his money on people who want it and ca n't afford to send it to everyone .
