  i 'm sorry that you guys think this is silly , but mardi gras is a really great celebration . 
  it 's basically carnival ; it 's the last tuesday before lent ( it means fat tuesday : the last day you can be a degenerate by partying , drinking , and acting in revelry before the 40 days until easter ) . 
  it 's not celebrated as a religious thing anymore , it 's just a huge festival that 's fun and very famous in the us . 
  new orleans became the home of the best festival here due to its old french influence . 
  king cakes are a new orleans thing , each cake contains a plastic baby and whoever gets the slice with the baby has a year of good luck . 
  op is offering you a free piece of culture that is really important to his city , it makes me sad that you rather make fun of him instead of taking advantage of his generosity . 
  they do the same with central/south americans , all of them look like some vague interpretations of `` spanish '' ( tan , dark hair ) in their minds . 
  i have a friend from ( as in born there ) costa rica who has the bluest eyes i ever saw , and another from colombia with blonde hair and it blows their minds . 
  they get the `` but where are you * really * from '' , which is offensive as hell . 
  this was very nicely put . 
   and correct me if i 'm wrong you 're not wrong, 
  it 's kind of annoying to me , too . 
  people have an image in their minds that `` italians look like this '' or `` irish people look like that , '' and while it 's true that you can sometimes tell the general area that someone 's family background is from by looking at their features , it 's just not as cut and dry as people like to think . 
  i have a look that can be from anywhere , it 's sort of just `` general white person . '', 
  but apparently some people here ca n't handle it , because i always get `` where are you from ? 
  you sort of look german , maybe , are you german ? 
  you 're definitely german . 
  or maybe irish ? '', 
  then i tell them i was born here but my mom was born in italy and they fucking argue with me . 
  `` no , you ca n't be italian , you 're too pale and your hair is too light '' ( apparently italy does n't have hair dye , i guess ) . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it 's always people i just met , and they 're not satisfied until they can group me into a dumb little box for whatever stereotypes they need to apply before they can interact with me . 
  that said , i do feel a lot of fondness for italy because of my mom 's stories from growing up there , and some of my current family still living there . 
  have n't been yet , but i really want to go to florence in particular ( among like ten other places there , so i have quite the work cut out for me in the future ) . 
  i know that one of the uk 's biggest attractions is the harry potter film set, 
  that 's exactly the first thought i had , they did n't even attempt to hide their data manipulation . 
  but still put an american astronaut , a hungarian toy , an italian drawing , and a ( i 'm assuming ) french airplane . 
  edit : also , i ca n't tell/don ' t recognize what all the phones are aside from the nokia , motorola , and iphone , but i * really * hope that one of them is a samsung . 
  massachusetts is in the north ( boston is there ) , and mt rushmore is in south dakota . 
  also , you da ho ? 
  no , idaho !, 
  i love mexico !, 
  where did you move ? 
  i 've never been to the western part of the country . 
  it 's how most of us in ny get our fireworks . 
  however , [ sparklers ] ( https://www.sparklersuperstore.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/sparklers-3.jpg ) were recently made legal here again ( pretty ridiculous that they were ever illegal in the first place imo ) . 
  the second sentence implies that in the past , i was friends with him for five years , but we are no longer friends anymore . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's america : they either identify only by 61 % puerto rican , 27 % ancient greek , and 12 % martian , or just full-on 100 % american , depending on which stereotype is most convenient to apply . 
  interesting , since the [ us has more spanish speakers than spain ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/29/us-second-biggest-spanish-speaking-country?client=safari ), 
  i 'd imagine it 'd be a more nyc-metro-oriented tri-state area centered kind of thing if that makes sense , since upstate and suffolk ( wtf ) is red , as well as the more rural part of jersey . 
  though new paltz would be pretty pissed about it i 'd hazard . 
  edit : so these last couple of comments made me curious about the history of the queens/nassau area divide because i knew they were once not separated , and i learned : `` the courthouse in jamaica [ queens ] was torn down by the british during the american revolution to use the materials to build barracks . '', 
  loling forever . 
  would love to . 
  heard upstate they want to chop us off at westchester and become one with texas , `` the true america '' that us pussy liberals are shielded from . 
  which is ironic because when george washington was inaugurated it was in new york , and texas did n't exist , but if they want to go back to their roots i 'm happy to take all the banks and they can have fun trading wampum for guns . 
  not necessarily . 
  taxes helped to fund gwb 's treasure hunt in the me , that millions of people here tried to fight against , among a whole bunch of other crap that none of us got a say in ( bailing out banks , etc ) . 
  that 's why i think there 's such a disconnect , the two parts of this country hate each other and half of us are always feeling like our money is being put to garbage . 
  we do n't get to vote on anything except president and well , lol , we do n't even really get a say in that either apparently . 
  cali gets their propositions , but ny ( where i live ) does n't , and none of us do federally . 
  ideally i 'd love for everyone to be more reasonable and move to a more european system , but when half the country claims they want small government and for the government not tell them what to do while simultaneously asking the government to tell gay people not to get married and trans people where they should go to the bathroom , and schools not to teach evolution , etc. 
  etc. , well ... it will never work . 
  selfish pricks who care about guns and the bible over literally anything else . 
  so you get the mentality of `` they 're taking all this money from my pay that i could be spending on all these goddamn student loans , just to use it to fund some more climate-harming bullshit . '', 
  edit : sorry i need a glass of water now with all this salt i have . 
  been in a bad mood since the electoral vote . 
  oddly enough , that was something i was taught in history class . 
  greek and italian would be considered white , spanish and portuguese would be hit or miss depending on ... 
  i do n't even know . 
  the problem i think , at least in my area , is that sometimes people with latin american heritage describe themselves as `` spanish . '', 
  i have a friend who 's mother was born in colombia , and father was born in costa rica , and she describes her family and friends who live in those two countries as her `` spanish peeps . '', 
  i 've heard a lot of others refer to themselves that way as well . 
  so then someone from spain comes here and calls themselves spanish , and the first thing we ask is `` from spain , or ... ? '', 
  which obviously makes us sound like morons . 
  portuguese is associated with brazil here , but if someone says they 're from portugal i 'd hope the person they 're speaking to would know where that is in europe and that the language originated there . 
  i met a guy from ecuador a couple weeks ago , and he felt the need to randomly specify that ecuador is n't , in fact , in africa , so i can only imagine what somebody here said to him . 
  edit : what 's a german christmas pickle ? 
  oh god so you all know how the craft scene in the us is full of weird science experiments ( my aunt bought a fucking cookie dough beer the other day , i do n't even know ) , so the grapefruit thing was all over this summer . 
  my friend got married and the next day threw a big barbecue in the park where she got a keg . 
  i went to pour myself some thinking it would be something normal that most people would like , and i took my first sip and thought something was seriously wrong . 
  sour grapefruit beer . 
  it needs to die . 
  but it was free so of course i drank it anyway lol, 
   brewdog pub is that like the brewery where it 's made ? 
  i do n't think i know what country it 's from, 
  it was n't so much `` it 's shit , '' i think i exaggerated a bit . 
  what i hear is what other commenters have said ; it can be gimmicky and overrated . 
  however , i found a bar in nyc that sells it so i will get to try it soon , 
   it 's too outlandish for us ? 
  we have people who think the moon landing was a conspiracy , 9/11 was a conspiracy , sandy hook was a conspiracy , the pulse massacre was a conspiracy , but no no pearl harbor is going too far lol :p, 
  i keep hearing about brewdog on reddit from europeans , and i ca n't find it . 
  half of you seem to like it , the other half seems to think it 's complete shit . 
  i really want to try it for myself now . 
  not helping ... - ___ -, 
  i 'm sorry i read `` since i was born in 99 '' and rolled up into a ball realizing how old i 'm getting . 
  yeah i remembered your name from last time we talked here haha ( i like the rangers ), 
  by me , everything is in native american . 
  i love it , especially hearing my friend from chicago attempt to say ronkonkoma . 
  crowns probably, 
  that answered nothing, 
  well i * did * acknowledge it was a stupid joke :d, 
  ah ok , i thought they were trying to claim that the landmass itself was n't natural . 
  it sounded like `` if it did n't exist in pangea , it 's unnatural ! '', 
  which kind of makes sense because the people here are weird as fuck . 
  a technicality due to our bridges . 
  it 's like saying gb is n't an island because of its connections across the english channel . 
  also that link claims the island was n't natural made , wtf ? 
  it was made by the exact same process that denmark was made ( literally denmark , a bit confusing since this convo stemmed from danish/dutch . ), 
  do n't worry , i live there too and i know what you mean .
