it happened in 1865 , and the guy who was supposed to kill the vice president failed , freaked out , went home , got arrested , and was hanged . 
  i think rubio did to an extent as well , although obviously not at the level of cruz . 
  aw , you truly are n't from around here . 
  i 'm sorry you were never taught context clues :(, 
  lol that was funny i 'll give you that . 
  unfortunately that pill is [ not always effective ] ( http://www.m.webmd.com/women/plan-b ) . 
  oops i accidentally got raped my bad, 
  okay , what type of person do you think becomes a vicious murderer ? 
  someone who had a great upbringing with loving parents , good schooling , a great community ... or someone who had a shitty upbringing , parents who did n't want them ( possibly even in the foster system ) , no community support ... 
  i think you understand where i am going with this . 
  so it 's okay to murder criminals ? 
  you said yes . 
  is suicide okay ? 
  you 'd probably say no . 
  so what happens when women who have no access to legal abortion get desperate ? 
  you 'd rather both the fetus and the mother lose their life ? 
  that 's not even getting into the point that a zygote is n't a human but that 's another issue . 
  if it is such a minor issue , then what harm is there in legalizing it ? 
  i mean , no big deal , right ? 
  most people wo n't do it anyway . 
  it 's pretty interesting that you 're claiming you should have a say even though you 're not a party , while also claiming others should have no say because `` it 's not going to affect the majority of them . '', 
  do you see how that is hypocritical ? 
  when you use terms like `` amusing '' and `` hysterics '' it does n't seem like you are open to debate different viewpoints , it looks like you believe you hold the ultimate correct answer and everyone else is just being petty . 
  and `` accept it or not '' but pregnancy is always going to affect women more than men . 
  in fact , in cases of rape or sometimes even during a simple birth control failure , men get off pretty scot-free comparatively . 
  so no , sorry , i do not think you have an equal say on this issue . 
  however , i see by the subs you post in that you 're a conservative catholic . 
  we 've been at odds for well over a century , so there 's no point in thinking any discourse between us can change anything now . 
  you do n't think that 's because maybe you 're more likely to be friends with people who are most similar to you ? 
  i 've always liked that quote . 
  relevance is that it 's not your body that is forced to suffer , and you think that women 's feelings about it are `` amusing . '', 
  * kate cries duchess tears *, 
  y' all are brutal . 
  drunk . 
  i got drunk on my 25th birthday . 
  did you feel it , op ? 
  wow , that was a wild ride . 
  i especially liked how he was excited about the prospect of being raped in sweden, 
  how do you know masterofgalaxy is american ? 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  ah , the brexit-method . 
  i think we 're trying it here too . 
  western world going 0-60 real fast this year i guess, 
  you did n't know the stereotype of the danish having constant ed ? 
  not available in the us either . 
  i really wanted to watch some stereotypes , too . 
  guess i 'll just have to turn on the news . 
  he 's in the teenage rebellious stage . 
  most of us smoke cigarettes and tell our parents they are n't the boss of us ; he tries to bomb germany . 
  `` what money ? '', 
  - phillipines, 
  he called the pope a whore ? 
  delete your account, 
  i thought there was a lot more in russia ? 
  i 'm not accusing norway of purposely making a species extinct , i 'm just confused about why they would be like `` see !, 
  we left two dozen !, 
  we care ! '', 
  so i imagine tomorrow he 's going to tell switzerland to suck his dick or something . 
  is n't this the same guy who called obama 's mother a whore ? 
  seems he 's living life on the wild side lately, 
  hence why they do n't want them there, 
  they want to make it so there 's literally only 23-24 left in norway . 
  excuse my ignorance on norweigan wildlife but : why even bother at that point ? 
  why keep up the facade that they care about the species at all ? 
  my phone ? 
  at&t makes me mail it back to them when i get a new one . 
  deep, 
  oops sorry you 're right , that site sucks . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/36263685?client=safari ) the bbc version edit : it 's not very scandalous , it 's queen elizabeth . 
  this is probably the meanest thing she 's said in her whole life . 
  that was n't it , she was at an outdoor function and one of her bodyguards took a cameraphone video . 
  i 'm not sure if she knew she was being filmed . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( https://www.google.com/amp/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/britains-queen-elizabeth-ii-filmed-calling-chinese-officials-very-rude-1462963502?client=safari ), 
  haha i remember reading earlier this year about queen elizabeth insulting some politician on camera ( in a sort-of-but-not-really joking way , but i do n't remember who it was ) , and people seemed kind of pleasantly surprised because they thought it was funny . 
  meh , i do n't get it either , but most people do n't see the monarchy as the same one that the us escaped from , since their role in the world today is totally different . 
  girls used to think prince william was hot , and when he went bald they moved on to claiming that harry was the hot one . 
  i remember my sister crying back when princess diana died , and millions of us watched william and kate 's wedding . 
  i think the idea of royals just sounds really glamorous to most people , and queen elizabeth is very well-liked . 
  she has met ten of our presidents . 
  do n't worry , we import it . 
  every time i go to the supermarket , the tabloids are plastered with the royal family . 
  was n't it reported that isis * did * take credit for this one ? 
  that made me lol though . 
  all the history in the uk , and that 's what you 're most popular for . 
  ours is probably disney though , so , meh . 
  no truer words have ever been said, 
  meh , most of those `` mass shooting '' statistics are purposely misreported in order to fuel a certain narrative . 
  i personally do n't want a gun and live in a place with strict gun laws ( ny ) , so this is not a defense , but we do n't have any real definition of what constitutes a mass shooting . 
  the media and statistic reports use the term when more than one person gets shot , even if the second person was the initial attacker . 
  also , the large majority of gun crimes happen in certain small areas due to gang activity . 
  that 's not an excuse , because that 's awful too , however it 's not nearly the way it 's depicted in the fearmongering media . 
  they were n't american so it was probably on them from when they came over . 
  i 'm not sure if it was planted purposefully since it was found after the plane crashed . 
  i 've seen it in real life and it 's somehow still in decent condition . 
  i just went on a wild ride learning about the average temperatures of finland and i ca n't believe it , your average winter temperatures ( at least by helsinki ) are actually pretty close to mine and i 'm so much more south than you . 
  awesome excuse to buy a sauna now , though . 
  exactly . 
  i wish i could see one with current temperature/weather on the different areas . 
  for example , where i live in new york looks like it 's on the same latitude as northern greece ( maybe around where grevena is . 
  on this map i 'm really floating above eastern turkey , but i live on a big island so i dont think it 's as good of a comparison ) , and google tells me grevena is currently -5 \u00b0 c at 6am ( damn , i thought it was warmer there ) .
