  where i am , at 6am it will be -3.8 \u00b0 c , which is surprisingly comparable . 
  obviously it wo n't always be so close though , which would make it interesting . 
  edit : for another comparison , los angeles , california looks near albufeira , portugal . 
  albufeira is currently 11 \u00b0 c at 5am . 
  at 5am today , los angeles will be 7 \u00b0 c. 
  i know this does n't account for other factors like the gulf stream or elevation , but still surprisingly close . 
  the first and second line of your second link ( first did n't work for me ) through google translate : `` debrecen lives of racial discrimination ? 
  this page editor you want to talk to visiting debrecen , the other day in the pubs with al capone fancy . '', 
  much insight . 
  the fuck is going on in this thread . 
  i feel like i 'm in bizzaro world . 
  meh , even people who have been here claimed they could n't find good cheese , and then blamed me for not physically picking them up and shoving their face into the deli they say is impossible to know exists . 
  when people really want to believe something , they 'll believe it no matter what . 
  all the nuclear threats in the world are n't scary enough to move to an area overcome by conservatives, 
  yeah , i live very close to nyc , i need to stop reading this stuff lol, 
  try it before you knock it . 
  like gay pride parades , the less wholesome parts are restricted to a very small part of the city ( in the case of new orleans ) . 
  lots of kids participate in mardi gras , they just stick to the larger parades on canal street . 
  many of the krews have the participation of the whole family , and the beads and throws thrown from floats are sprinkled down on everyone . 
  acting out inappropriately there would be considered wrong . 
  bourbon street is a different story but really , that 's kind of the adult part of the city and it 's easily avoidable . 
  the point is that it 's not happening in the middle of the city where you or a child can accidentally come across it , it 's happening in a designated area where people would know better than to bring their kid to , and there 's nothing for their kid to do there anyway . 
  it would be like walking your child down the red light district in amsterdam and then getting upset that they saw something you did n't like . 
  you have every right to expect child-appropriateness everywhere else in amsterdam , and if it happened anywhere else you have a case to be upset . 
  but not there , if you 're there with your kid that 's your own fault . 
  edit : added a sentence, 
  and `` your people '' constantly cause tension and threaten to annex countries as well , do you deny it ? 
  does that mean i should hate you personally , and make irrational claims that putin will bomb us when history has proven that he rather use his words in regards to my country ? 
  we bombed that base in syria the other day , and whether or not you think that was the right thing ( i 'm still uncertain ) , will you acknowledge that we went out of our way to warn your country and all russian military on the base so as to not cause any russian casualties ? 
  fact is , regardless of tension , our countries clearly keep a line of communication open always . 
  so there 's no need to fearmonger and make claims that we will irrationally strike each other in some flight of fancy . 
  a russian telling a montenegrin not to join nato , because it exposes them to being nuclear bombed by russia . 
  i ca n't imagine why montenegro would want to join , when as soon as they do something to irritate you , you resort to threatening them with nuclear weapons ? 
  and the us is not going to randomly bomb russia . 
  why would we ? 
  it would be against our interests , stop fear-mongering . 
  not once has the us and russia , regardless of tensions , closed lines of communication between each other . 
  trumpty drumphy threatened a wall that trumpty drumphy could not install all of his rallies , and all of his men could n't make murica great once again, 
  what utter nonsensical , impractical drivel . 
  industries are centered around cities , which is why the majority of the population lives in or near cities . 
  the economy is held up by cities . 
  yet you reason that these people should leave the centers of economic activity to live in the middle of nowhere , where their skills are irrelevant , where poverty is widespread , and where they will still find themselves dependent on subsidies from the places they left just so that their voice can count ? 
  but you do n't believe that rural people should move to cities for the same effect ? 
  explain to me , logically and not emotionally , why the minority percentage of people should have a majority control over the government just because they choose to live in the middle of nowhere , comparatively . 
  because you ca n't impose god on new york otherwise ? 
  in the last 17 years , we 've had a republican president for the majority of the time and yet still , these rural areas have n't improved . 
  poverty , low education , higher rates of health problems and obesity , adherence to warped translations of the bible over science , teen pregnancy , higher percentage of people on government subsidies , less infrastructure ... these things are not improving , and are getting worse . 
  but despite that , you want them to have much more control in order to keep electing politicians who : - lower taxes for the rich , deregulate industries so they can much more easily fuck over the consumer , eliminate subsidies , force unsustainable industries to return to the states , impose roadblocks on trade that enable us to have diversity and expand the economy , and take away minimum wage . 
  ** these things will not improve rural poverty . 
  ** - take away public schooling in order to privatize , continuously raise tuition costs . 
  ** these things will not improve rural education rates . 
  ** - allow industries to have complete control over their business practices , enabling the food industry to continuously substitute natural and healthy ingredients for preservatives , chemicals , sodium , high fructose corn-syrup ... all while increasing costs of healthy foods . 
  ** this will not help rural health issues and obesity . 
  ** - teach abstinence-only , turn a blind eye to the fact that people will have sexy regardless of what you believe they should do , and refuse cheap or free birth control . 
  ** this will not improve rural teen pregnancy rates . 
  ** and on and on and on . 
  there is a reason why the bible belt is constantly on the lowest end off all quality of life charts . 
  there is a reason for the term `` thank god for mississippi . '', 
  but despite the clear indications that all of these policies you circlejerk over do not work , make things worse , and turn rural areas into shitholes , you * still * believe that these areas deserve the highest percentage of political clout over the people who have literally seen to it , through the fact that these states live off of their taxes , that you do n't fuck yourself into even worse situations . 
  we need to speak to mexico, 
  the purpose of putting them in a museum , for those who oppose them being out in the open ( me included ) , is that it puts them in context . 
  as they are now , they were erected during a time of racial strife in order to celebrate them as officers for a traitorous army who supported enslaving nonwhites . 
  they remain that way out of context today . 
  we do n't want them erased from history , we want to contextualize them . 
  germans want the same from their own 1940s monuments . 
  they * are * going to a museum, 
  not to me , root beer tastes more creamy and herbal whereas dr.pepper is more crisp and has a cherry aftertaste . 
  for shame . 
  `` of course it 's in your head harry , but why should that mean it 's not real ? '', 
  i always hear europeans say root beer tastes like your cough medicine . 
  ugh , iced butterbeer in the wizarding world of harry potter ( aka the harry potter themepark in orlando and los angeles ) , has a root beer base and i wanted to kill it with fire . 
  a ) root beer is not fucking british . 
  butterbeer has to be british . 
  b ) i personally really dislike root beer . 
  what are the political issues in romania ? 
  oh what the fuck lol, 
  where in the caribbean is most popular for those who do go ? 
  i met a lot of europeans in the dominican republic ( mostly russian , though ) . 
  why do you think it changed ? 
  honest question , i really do n't know . 
  very true , i guess i just get nervous about being seen as the ignorant american coming to gape at other people 's tragic history ( which of course would n't be my intention ) . 
  i reallyyyy want to go to pompeii . 
  my mom grew up close to there , and it was the last trip she took before coming to new york . 
  i 've posted here about tectonic activity ( volcanoes mostly , but also earthquakes ) before , i have a bit of an obsession of learning everything about this certain earth feature and pompeii and mt. 
  vesuvius ( and the history ) in particular just fascinates me for some reason . 
  i 've bothered people in / r/italy about it a few times , hah . 
  actually i want to go all over italy and europe as a whole , but i really have a soft spot for this place . 
  it 's a reference to this stupid but popular [ baseball song ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eittjehqmiq ) . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's quite true , european football clubs ( well , football -- or soccer as i 'd say -- in general ) are becoming even more popular in new york ever since 2014 's world cup . 
  i see more british clubs , but barcelona , milan , and many others are popular as well . 
  when italy won in 2006 ( ? 
  ) , my area lost their minds . 
  i do n't even know where you can buy that many italian flags . 
  im assuming real is real madrid ? 
  what about peanuts and crackerjacks ? 
  i wonder if they 're more well-known in japan , where they also have a baseball culture compared to other countries . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that it 's just because of pop culture , lots of artists wear them so they 've become sort of iconic through that . 
  i have to admit that as another new yorker it makes me smile , though . 
  that was even more numerous than i expected, 
  awful .
