  it just blows my mind how many people i know forget the name `` new amsterdam '' and what it referred to . 
  it 's like `` well long island can kind of sort of be called a peninsula if you do n't think about it too hard , and italy is a peninsula . 
  of course not , look at how italian i am , i even use my hands to talk sometimes ! '', 
  stupid joke my dad used to tell : there is a brothel on top of a hill . 
  there is a man going up the hill , a man on the hill , a man coming down the hill , and a man waiting at the bottom of the hill . 
  what are their nationalities ? 
  the one going up the hill is russian . 
  the one on the hill is himalayan . 
  the one coming down the hill is finnish . 
  the one at the bottom of the hill is polish ; he 's waiting for the red light to turn green . 
  really ? 
  i thought you 'd get a lot of god save the queen , tea jokes , and being called one of our family members ( mother or brother , it alternates ) . 
  which is goddamn ironic , considering long island and nyc was first settled by the dutch ( it was called new amsterdam for a reason ) . 
  you 're being generous . 
  i think the ones who do this only hear the first letter `` d , '' and then their eyes glaze over and they could only fathom that in europe , d = denmark . 
  i mean , `` the netherlands '' does n't even start with d !, 
  ( do n't tell them the truth about germany either , or germans will start being called dutch , too ) . 
  they call it art deco in miami . 
  i call it 1950s eyebleed . 
  but that ground was private property not actually owned by that tribe , it was just kind of sort of near it , and they were given countless opportunities to talk about it before the plans were approved . 
  they just would n't . 
  that article is written like she 's not actually dutch . 
  how would she have never heard of him before until she was already in school ? 
  sounds about right !, 
  lol really though , miami is stuck in an [ art-deco ] ( http://www.cynic.org.uk/photos/ap/large/usa2010/dsc_3031.jpg ) period from [ hell ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7e/fa/af/7efaaf408958ae7936162cf0e2419e91.jpg ) . 
  i hate it . 
  edit : deleted since you saw it and i do n't want other people from the us knowing where i live, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought black pete was only black because he was a chimney-sweep and thus covered in ash . 
  am i missing something ? 
  edit : from the article  i was taught in great detail ... how americans dehumanised their african slaves you guys learn that in school ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  your house is older than the `` discovery '' of my country . 
  it 'd be labeled a protected historical site if it was here . 
  really puts into perspective how young we are . 
  that looks exactly like some of the apartments around me, 
  the idea , if i 'm not mistaken , is because many of our close allies would want it to be defended , and by ignoring the situation we are essentially enabling it . 
  nato is on shakey ground , and i 'm not keen on seeing it break apart over competing interests . 
  that , and many countries believe that trump is cozying up to putin , and turning a blind eye to russia 's efforts there will only enforce those suspicions . 
  in addition , russia seems to be sniffing around finland and norway , the latter of which * is * in nato , and trump would n't be setting the best precedent , or instilling any confidence , by enabling a ukraine takeover . 
  a confident russia is a dangerous one . 
  i have them too :(, 
  lol , it reminds me of when archaeologists found a written recipe for an ancient egyptian beer , and some brewery attempted to recreate it . 
  apparently it tasted like shit , and the fermentation process they used meant they were drinking chunks of congealed hops or something . 
  that article says `` baltic 's , '' but my understanding is that he was questioning if it would be worth defending ukraine . 
  not that that 's any better , but i 'd bet a lot of money that he ca n't even find ukraine on a map . 
  the baltics were brought up later , where he was completely wishy-washy about it , and gave no clear indication that he even knew what that term meant ( reassuring , huh ? 
  do n't blame me , i 've been crying for a week ) . 
  i hope other politicians , who actually know about the world and the agreements that exist between countries , will knock sense into him ( although my hope keeps dying day by day ) . 
  what i personally think is the more pressing issue is his unclarity about whether or not he will sign the paris agreement . 
  if he does n't , i do n't see that endearing him to literally any country in the world . 
  it would be a clear sign , at least to me , that he intends on going full isolation . 
  [ then there 's stuff like this ] ( https://medium.com/@daleberan/a-truly-fancy-bear-2384f413df1c#.l6f4ap5nn ) , which makes me wonder what the fuck anyone is doing . 
  edit : clarification, 
  what is a * vintage * falafel ? 
  that 's actually a really good point, 
  / u/xiuswag , ye olde dearest of friends , may i beg of you your confirmation of this viking army ? 
  jesus christ man , did i ask you to instill the fear of god into me ? 
  you 're reclaiming your revolution muskets , are n't you ? 
  i think i 'll need to have a word with king george ... 
  i was just going to reply that but i did n't want to get downvoted . 
  op , what have you been reading ? 
  nothing has happened yet . 
  not cool, 
  how much is a haircut in sweden ? 
  it is definitely , * definitely * not cool . 
  hah , so do i. 
  but i understand i 'm in the minority . 
  lol !, 
  that 's true , why do they advertise that ? 
  people always wax poetic here about `` mexican coke '' ( the drink , not the drug , believe it or not ) because it has real sugar . 
  i do n't normally drink any soda , but in mexico i tasted it and it did n't taste any different to me . 
   in america , i always thought they 'd be called `` gay '' . 
  it probably is outside of major cities . 
  i live near nyc , so they 're everywhere and normalized . 
  mostly people just ca n't understand how their balls do n't suffocate in their skin-tight pants . 
  assuming you 're referring to high fructose corn syrup , the vintage ones would n't have them , only the modern versions : /, 
  putin should have given her a cease and desist . 
  the fuck is with the communist symbol ? 
  is that like the obsession here with che guvara ? 
  hipster just stopped looking like a word to me after reading that, 
  those graphic button-down shirts are really stretching the term . 
  plus why do they all look homeless ? 
  do you watch stranger things ? 
  it looks like barbara, 
  worth a shot, 
  take them back !, 
  lol xd i 'm sorry, 
  please come visit !, 
  i know we 're a little scary right now , but the wizarding world of harry potter is basically my mecca . 
  it 's amazing . 
  heh , whenever i hear my country ` tis of thee , i sing your lyrics instead . 
  i like the confused looks . 
  honestly it would have made a better national anthem than the star spangled banner though , imo . 
  if only , then he could n't leave us in january . 
  my bad , i meant the norway section in epcot orlando . 
  still do n't know why frozen is there , though . 
  i guess because there 's no denmark section , and even we were n't stupid enough to put it in sweden . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i was thinking of vampires that had been staked , or withered from their depressed misery if you like twilight . 
  what the hell , and here i am thinking the only disneyland in asia is in shanghai .
