` wales ' has the same origin !, 
  you can also pan for gold in wales - the natives definitely used gold before the romans turned up : http://www.itv.com/news/wales/2015-03-26/ancient-gold-artefacts-uncovered-in-north-wales/, 
  haha yeah it got derailed pretty quickly . 
  it is true , and welsh is the only living european language that retains the original latin names for the days of the week . 
  true and true . 
  however , we do use gallic as a word , and in the senses as used in these articles : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallic https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallic_rooster, 
  celtic peoples describe ourselves ( very rarely admittedly ) as celtic - we would never describe ourselves as gallic . 
  they may have meant the same thing once but they do n't anymore . 
  as a celt , i have always associated ` gallic ' with french . 
  we may be confusing modern terms with ancient terms though , since you are quoting in latin . 
  and ` gaelic ' is associated more with ` q-celtic ' ( irish , scots gaelic , manx ) than with ` p-celtic ' ( welsh , cornish , breton ) . 
  gold is native to wales so that is unlikely . 
  however , the romans did develop industry and mining in wales so it is more likely that the rise of the gold industry under the romans led to the locals adopting the latin word . 
  it 's more like ` aye-r ' in welsh, 
  libya too, 
  yes , mostly chechen . 
  yeah , ` comrade protector ' has a nice ring to it :p, 
  the party membership will create policy , not the parliamentary party . 
  edit : supposedly, 
  it 's ` lord protector ' in the uk :p, 
  argentina wants in on the ludicrous amount of natural resources on the continental shelf around the falklands : http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/47352000/gif/_47352470_falklands_basin466x375.gif so there is some discussion to be had . 
  i think the unification they mean is the other way around :p, 
  although corbyn supporters might argue that nato * is * rocking the boat and that is the problem ... 
  source ? 
  he is arguing for a ` new kind ' of politics - that also includes within the labour party . 
  labour is used to leaders who dictate policy to the party and demand ` loyalty ' to vote for thos policies . 
  corbyn wants the party itself to come up with policies - then mps will owe their loyalty to the membership , not the leadership . 
  that 's why it wo n't be a policy . 
  he is a republican , but he said it is not a ` priority ' . 
  both sides only really care about the natural resources . 
  we could actually improve security for the locals by cooperating with argentina in extracting the resources . 
  instead we prefer to keep the falklanders under the shadow of the ` argentinian threat ' ( which is non-existant ) so we can keep all the resources for ~ ~ ourselves ~ ~ british and american oil companies . 
  he wants to open up policy creation to the party instead of the leadership dictating it . 
  those are his views , but wo n't necessarily be the policies of the labour party under his leadership . 
  there is no doubt that we should reduce the use of non-renewables , but try spending some time in parts of the country that used to depend on the industry . 
  many mining towns have never recovered - the lucky ones are still recovering . 
  if there was a better alternative for providing work in these places that would be ideal - everyone 's open to suggestions ... 
  the coal is irrelevant , it is the jobs and the communities that depended on the industry that matter . 
  as with english it 's partly the legacy of empire - french can get you by in many places across the globe ; german ca n't . 
  no i was only 3, 
  wow that is incredible . 
  yep , should 've said european , or only part of the roman empire . 
  fun fact : welsh is the only language to retain the original roman meaning for every day of the week . 
  yes , but we could 've had a less painful recovery if we had been aiming for more modest growth rates . 
  and with growth like this we do n't need to wory about growing inequality !, 
  remember that there is a divide in western philosophy - the english-speaking world tends to gravitate towards ` analytic philosophy ' , whereas the non-english-speaking western world tends towards ` continental philosophy ' . 
  analytic philosophy tends to be less concerned with subjects such as aesthetics and more focussed on areas like philosophy of language . 
  i was surprised at the length . 
  my b.a. 
  philosophy exams were 2 hours on 2 subjects ( no length requirements ) . 
  exams were only 50 % of the module though , the rest would be an essay which was usually 8-10 ,000 words . 
  it 's usefulness depends upon how you approach it and what you want to get out of it . 
  if you think of it like a science ( even a social science ) , or want to get actual answers out of it , then yes , it is useless . 
  unfortunately , whether or not philosophy is useful is a philosophical question so let 's not go there ... 
  divided it amongst 5 million people instead of 60 million . 
  `` switzerland and australia , with about a quarter of their population born outside the country , are the two countries with the highest proportion of immigrants in the western world . '', 
  - from wiki, 
  cameron confirmed today that it will not be within 6 weeks of the elections in the devolved parliaments . 
  so probably 7 weeks after the elections . 
  there is no inference there - i was not talking about the subsidies themselves but about which sectors of the energy market are and are not supported by the government . 
  renewable and non-renewable ( not just oil ) subsidies are obviously very different things with completely different motivations . 
  subsidies for non-renewables are to help protect an established industry whereas subsidies for renewables are attempting to create an established industry and/or lower the costs of using energy produced by non-renewables for the end-user . 
  they are also not mutually exclusive . 
  again , i am only saying that , given the uk 's position in the table above , and given the climate deal we just signed up to , the actions of the government in regard to subsidies for different sectors of the energy market seem self-defeating . 
  there is also a huge amount of space in between where we are now and 100 % use of renewables , and the additional costs to industry and individuals could be alleviated by subsidies . 
  in the short-term , we will not make more money by leaving fossil fuels in the ground , but it is a long-term saving in both financial and human costs to prevent additional damage to the environment as much as we reasonably can . 
  no , that is just a reduction in tax ... 
  i 'm only saying that it is perverse that subsidies for non-renewables are rising whilst subsidies for renewables are falling considering the deal we just signed up to at paris , and given our low ranking in the table above . 
  also there is a very good reason to leave it in the ground as it prevents further damage to the environment and any collateral costs associated with that damage . 
  a company does n't have to be a net recipient of money from the government to be subsidised - a subsidy is a subsidy regardless of how much tax they pay . 
  also oil companies should be paying high tax because we want the price to be artificially higher to discourage its use , whereas we supposedly want people to switch to using renewables but that is less likely as subsidies fall and the non-renewable sector is being ( partially ) protected . 
  is that the official sanction method agreed at paris ? 
  because that would be fitting :p, 
  meanwhile we 're shoring up our great position in this table by cutting green [ subsidies ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-solar-idukkbn0u00oy20151217 ) and increasing subsidies for [ non-renewables !, 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/nov/12/uk-breaks-pledge-to-become-only-g7-country-increase-fossil-fuel-subsidies ), 
  there are many communities and individuals in wales who use welsh as their main language . 
  of course they can all also speak english , but english is not the dominant language in every part of the uk . 
  the house of commons was also bombed , but the decision was taken to rebuild it exactly as it was ( even though the chamber was already too small for the number of mps ! ), 
  the weather and seasons can have an impact on some people 's mental health : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_affective_disorder long days in the summer do n't matter if you 're living through almost total darkness outdoors for a long period of time . 
  where i live it is pitch black when i finish work at 5 pm and that 's bad enough , i could n't imagine living somewhere with shorter winter days . 
  you ca n't make the days last longer though ... 
  yeah i do see that , but i guess germany is also a special case in that regard with wanting a clear break between the modern system and what preceded it . 
  in the uk , the scottish parliament and the welsh and northern irish assemblies are not considered to be regional assemblies - note the official name of the welsh assembly is ` the national assembly of wales ', 
  yeah wales did much better out of it !, 
  i do n't know if it 's just the angle of the pictures but the public galleries look very prominent in both chambers which is a nice touch i think . 
  yeah i do n't doubt that the midlands in general had more holdouts of old religions or had more elements of old religions absorbed into christianity than the iow just because of the way that the island was converted ( of course it 's small size made that less likely too ) . 
  i would like wales to be a federal state of europe instead of an afterthought in the uk . 
  we can both keep dreaming ... :(, 
  actually the last people of england to convert were the jutes of the isle of wight , and only after most of them were killed . 
  in fact , in 661 , wulfhere of mercia invaded the island and forced the locals to convert to christianity . 
  however , he did not hold the territory and the locals reverted to their former worship after he left . 
  the island was finally converted in 685 after an extremely bloody invasion by caedwalla of wessex , after which the island was annexed by wessex . 
  touche :p, 
  i would say welfare too - there may be a greater need for charitable giving in a society with low welfare . 
  probably means that it excludes state welfare as a measure . 
  are n't the red and blue on the dutch flag a slightly different shade of red/blue than most flags ? 
  germanic and celtic peoples have a common origin , but it is a stretch to say that celts were originally germanic . 
  when celts inhabited central europe , germanic peoples lived to the north and east of them , and later displaced them . 
  what anti-uk crowd ? 
  you 're being oversensitive .
