  not very average , test says faster than 95 % of nl ... 
  a few days ago the news reported that some company wanted to repurpose an old prison for caring for old people . 
  everyone believed it , went a bit nuts over it , then a company pops up ` hey all , this was one of our advertisements , funny everyone fell for it ' . 
  also : * decapitated cats . 
  * imprison the elders * explosives found in house, 
  well , related languages , after all ( and i do like those folk metal bands  ), 
  wat is de overeenkomst tussen de overheid en de meeste comments in deze post ? 
  makes perfect sense to me ... but yes , i too love speaking . 
  finnish and swedish , because pretty much all the music i listen is in those language . 
  finnish is a nice language to hear . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxnch07p0jw ( example ), 
  en boes . 
  balky was n't that bad . . 
  i volunteer for a so-called `` repair cafe '' once a month , where people bring broken appliances to a team of volunteers which then try to repair those things . 
  it 's a really fun thing to do and besides learning more about appliances and repairing , you also get to speak with many people . 
  and , the people who bring in the broken goods have to stay there , so we can learn them how things work and sometimes let them repair it themselves  other than that i 'm maintaining public parks in the area once a week , again with about 5-10 volunteers . 
  edit : doing this because i do n't have many friends of my age in the area , and i want to do something with my time . 
  heh , i share the same thing ; singing along to finnish lyrics is no problem to me , but actually understanding or speaking it ... okay , numerals and counting is possible , as that 's not grammatical ... mostly . 
  ` y ' is the finnish equivalent of \u00fc . 
  i 've actually a pretty knowledge of finland due to my interest in the country . 
  blame finnish metal for that . 
  either way , also named the land of a thousand lakes ( over 188.000 lakes ) , snowy , not very mountainous , saunas ( obvious one ) , nokia is finnish , language ( suomi ) is ... interesting , to say the least . 
  then comes the swedish/russian war bits , beer , more beer , that liquorice vodka stuff , kalevala ( ilmarinen , v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen , pohjola ) and apparently loads of mosquitos in summer . 
  over here there 's a regular roundabout with a bike roundabout below it :p, 
   ( the local governments clean the lanes ) . 
  or at least , you hope they do . 
  one euro should be enough for three kilograms of potatoes , so good luck , latvia !, 
  netherlands is n't big at all ... 
  yep , and they replied with ** ` we ontkennen noch bevestigen dat het zo is ' **, 
  i could probably point at it on a map but other than that , nope : c, 
  typical , belgium . 
  well , it 's all rainfall . 
  i like how the dutch are colored orange . 
  still the wrong hue , but still . 
  well , you did indeed get downvotes . . but at least seven times as much upvotes  we all profited from this thread . 
  we only lost because nobody in this country can properly pronounce ` birds ' . 
  tagged both accounts for future reference . 
  for me it 's both . 
  150 fucking comments . 
  i feel bad . 
  i spent the whole damn evening monitoring this thread . 
  op , i feel sorry for you . 
  this thread has over 3200 comments . 
  of which 150 are mine ( shit . ), 
  worth 400 upvotes . 
  i 'll show myself the way out . 
  unlike other songs , greece 's song was actually catchy . 
  i like it when things screw up :d except for when voting screw up . 
  hungary , get down from there . 
  oh wow , over 400 karma from this thread alone . 
  i think i commented a bit much but at least you guys liked it . 
  i 'm now going to pull an uncle scrooge and swim in my karma . 
  edit : jesus , 6.5 pages of comments on just this post . 
  crazy . 
  the stream is playing the theme song in a loop . 
  oh you ... 
  yep , 
  thanks !, 
  oh well , you have my vote . 
  ha , the sound guy just got fired . 
  what 's the classical song called that 's used as the theme of the song contest ? 
  i 've heard it before , anybody know ? 
  i think this one went while i was having a piss . 
  and i 'm going to do it again , brb . 
  edit : aaah feels good . 
  smart move . 
  well , as we know neighboring countries are n't always nice :( ( (, 
  potato-shaped monetary units ? 
  that 's what you get for not speaking english . 
  lithuania , fuck yes . 
  switzerland speaks french ? 
  that 's like a russian speaking finnish for fun . 
  [ aye ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrv62bdsywi ) . 
  she 's now wearing the german featherduster we saw earlier in the crowd . 
  wait ... where is poland in this songfestival ? 
  montenegro , learn to bluescreen . 
  this is an interesting relationship . 
  estonia , russia , norwegia , swedia : all the perkele . 
  all of it . 
  okay , that 's a bit silly . 
  turkey , get your shit together . 
  if they do n't vote the russian border would likely become a bit larger in the next few years . 
  i missed something about the green room , i think . 
  the arrogant part ? 
  belgium , speak english . 
  no wonder it 's such a mess down there . 
  bulgaria looks like the singer from dschingis khan . 
  livestreamer here , what 's with the hashtag shit ? 
  may i suggest this fine dragonwell xi hu lung ching green tea from china ? 
  it 's what i am drinking at the moment . 
  russia get down from there . 
  you 're not supposed to be up there . 
  you 're drunk . 
  down . 
  thank you finland !, 
  we love you too !, 
  let those pesky swedish and norse fuck off , we 've got you !, 
  you might as well add russia to the list as i wo n't expect votes from them either :( but you have my votes , finland . 
  then why does hungary defy the laws of physics and common sense with 26 points ? 
  still better than ireland .
