  moldova has a worse dutch accent than the dutch themselves . 
  weird . 
  poor estonia . . 
  they 're getting all the bad luck , ever :(, 
  michael jackson stood up from the grave ? 
  well , i did n't know . 
  since when is that europe ? 
  constructive defecation . 
  what , you did n't expect it ? 
  even after that hockey game ? 
  no , that 's his real face . 
  that 's the deepest v-neck i 've ever seen . 
  if they do , please remind me to start making up puns already . 
  i 've always thought it was the capital city of monaco . 
  there are n't many of them anyway . 
  okay , greece wins , netherlands is disappoint again for a few years in a row . 
  obvious . 
  tell that to russia . 
  i was going to link you a website that graphs karma but unfortunately it has shut down a month ago . 
  so assume there 's a small peak in an otherwise already rising line . 
  moskau ... fremd und geheimnisvoll ... i know the lyrics by heart and have played it on loop for days ( not a joke ) . 
  i love that song . 
  i seriously do . 
  could play that for hours . 
  whereas hell would be the hungary song for eternity , heaven would be dschingis khan for eternity . 
  oh , and moskau . 
  i love you too . 
  something something finland relations . 
  in the netherlands it 'd be two shirtless gay men . 
  guess why i 'm watching ? 
  did n't iceland have a gay president ? 
  i like it . 
  all the shirtless things . 
  i 've got over 150 upvotes from this thread !, 
  must get more !, 
  you should know that as a dutchman , i socialize by complaining about things i like . 
  i bet the finns are laughing so loud right now that their saunas are exploding . 
  okay , i did not want to see the swedish bum + arsehole . 
  someone get the eyebleach . 
  a year 's worth supply of cigarettes and alcohol . 
  call of lutefisk ? 
  one woman in front . 
  well , if you 'd know how many fucking shitting pigeons we have over hear you 'd understand . 
  fucking shitty shitbirds . 
  shitting everywhere and godawfully stupid . 
  i suppose that list goes from worst to best ? 
  i imagine hell would be like having to listen to hungary 's entry for eternity . 
  i just noticed the romanian dancers were actually naked . 
  i love shouting . 
  i would if i had glasses . 
  ^ netherlands save us from floods and pick up the verdomde telefoon . 
  songs that use both native and english are the best , like greece , 
  can we send her to australia to use that dress for rainwater collection ? 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3k2mojokkg ) . 
  spare holes ? 
  i need to go watch ireland some more . . if you get what i mean ... 
  and mine . 
  it reminds me of finnish polka metal bands . 
  same rhythm , same themes , same musical instruments . 
  would n't that be normal ? 
  whoever votes for hungary needs to go see a doctor sometime . 
  i 'm not even sure , but it happens fairly often ( while on vacation or in amusement parks ) that everything is in french only . 
  while in pretty much every other country everything is in at least four languages . 
  the maltaian needs that mandolin be incinerated . 
  yes . 
  here . 
  i love finnish rock/metal/country / polkkkkka . 
  a separate french translation because the french refuse to give in and learn english . 
  aw shit , it 's over already ? 
  the girl in the pink dress killed my boner induced by the irishmen . 
  i 'm already liking this . 
  yummy . 
  something else here went up . 
  yay shirtless guys . 
  i liked the gay ones more . 
  is that chlorine gas ? 
  i prefer dutch skyfall . 
   weirdly scandinavian i think i 've found the problem . 
  sounds like something the germans would drool over . 
  i did n't know both hungary and italy had green-white-red flags . 
  i 'm also on the floor . . because of laughing too hard . 
  it hurts . 
  phd in hodor . 
  or not . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7kjrgpgvrq ) . 
  yes . 
  zorba 's dance : polka metal version this is like acoustic korpiklaani . 
  it 's like bald einstein throwing plates around . 
  this thread already creates many amusing comments , so i have no need to read that . 
  i do n't mind . 
  someone get the guy out of the glass box , he 's going to suffocate !, 
  i have no clue . 
  that was amazing . 
  eyjafkallaj\u00f6kuilll or something alike . 
  the voice would n't be of any use . 
  okay , maybe as background noise in a t\u00fdr song . 
  something something potatoes estonia . 
  [ these guys ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjqwxi__rs0 ) would be awesome . 
  not too loud for poor people 's ears and fantastic rhythm . 
  oh , and finnish .
