  here is an article on the bbc website about it . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/thereporters/soutikbiswas/2010/10/how_churchill_starved_india.html that is the problem here . 
  not just that the genocide happened , but that turkey lies about it . 
  we do n't deny it . 
  there 's an article on the bbc website for crying out loud . 
  it certainly sounds like the sort of thing we used to do . 
  i 'm not aware of any awful thing that britain did during world war 2 but now denies . 
  we do n't deny the firebombing of dresden , so what are we covering up ? 
  does someone need experience of working in a bank before they set rules against bank robbery ? 
  do you consider the use of the poppy to symbolise war dead equivalent to the use of the swastika ? 
  in 2109 , construction of the `` getting a bit silly now telescope '' begins . 
  actually , if you paid any attention at all to the news , you 'd know that the eu in general and italy in particular is taking action to prevent this . 
  there * are * legal channels for immigration . 
  people might choose not to make use of them , but they are available . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that it 's all a complete fucking mess . 
  ok , can someone tell me if the kla really are a front organisation , under the puppet masters of [ insert villain here ] , or is this comment section full of paranoids ? 
  well , if it stops people from drowning in the mediterranean and helps convince skilled and educated people to stay in their own countries and help improve them , then yes it certainly is humanitarian . 
  presumably , by identifying people-smugglers and sinking/detaining their boats before they have a chance to load up . 
  how do you even measure that ? 
  they have it down to decimal points , but how do you measure it ? 
  when i was taught the history of the colonisation of america in a british school , and a good portion of it was `` good lord did we ever give the indians a raw deal '' . 
  followed shortly after by `` holy shit man , the slave trade was barbaric '' . 
  oh sure , the murder of hundreds of children has no impact on society at all . 
  oh yeah , lots of people will soon be up in arms as they belatedly react to the events of the past decade all at once . 
  yes , its reputation * in europe * . 
  the damage done to the us ' reputation by its actions in the middle east has already been done . 
  it is irrelevant to your claim that this new action , happening right now , will make the usa a pariah . 
  what the fuck does the middle east have to do with training troops in ukraine ? 
  you mean non-eastern european countries such as the uk ( which has also sent trainers to ukraine ) and france ( which cancelled the sale of two warships to russia ) ? 
  wikipedia lists 24 other school shootings in europe since 1913 and more than i care to count right now in the us since 1900 . 
  that was actually the second comment . 
  also , why should an early post not be snarky ? 
  the only thing that can stop a bad guy with a crossbow is a good guy with a crossbow !, 
  repeal pope innocent ii 's anti-crossbow edict !, 
  this post brought to you by the national crossbow association . 
  do they seem to be moving mainly for economic reasons , political reasons or a mix of both ? 
  none that i can see . 
  police banned from r/europe for `` gaming reddit '' . 
  you seem to see democracy as nothing more than two tyrants on a seesaw , each one becoming the new hitler as soon as his party wins an election . 
  they do not generally have a dictatorship . 
  democracies do not follow every election by rounding up everyone who voted for a losing party and having them arrested . 
  so having majority support justifies arresting people for criticising him , does it ? 
  book haram has practically no power outside a small stretch of land . 
  kenya and ethiopia are much more stable and prosperous than somalia . 
  it is possible when fleeing civil strife to find a new home that is not a fucking continent away . 
  what they are doing is like an iraqi fleeing isis and deciding that the best place to start a new life is japan . 
  my point is that to act like europe is the only safe place for somali or nigerian refugees is ludicrous . 
  then why come to europe ? 
  if they want to escape the situation in somalia , kenya and ethiopia are both right there . 
  well i do n't see you coming up with anything better . 
  one third of the population moved there in the past 10 years . 
  if you think one third is a majority , i 'm done here . 
  if someone lived on the falkland islands more than 10 years ago , odds are good they were born there . 
  as recent immigrants are a minority , odds are good their parents were born there too . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  page three of the published results lists the population by where they lived 10 years ago . 
  seriously , you need to work on paying attention , this is twice in two posts you 've missed something obvious . 
  i already told you , the 2006 census . 
  were n't you paying attention ? 
  the majority of them are . 
  we 're not talking about switzerland , are we ? 
  right , because an adult who has lived and worked somewhere for 10 years will have absolutely * no * attachments to the place . 
  of course . 
  living somewhere for 10 years does n't count as putting down roots to you ? 
  the 2006 census states that most of the population at that time had lived in the falklands for at least 10 years . 
  i already did , by rescinding my claim that we abandoned the bully mindset a century ago . 
  how about you acknowledge the fact that the british government no longer acts like that ? 
  one example from 50 years ago does not beat two examples from within the last 5 years . 
  oh please . 
  the british government voluntarily assisted with the scottish independence referendum , and the falklands referendum , but really deep down we 're all tyrants ? 
  you clearly care more about pushing an agenda than actually looking at the facts here . 
  ok , `` century '' was overstating it . 
  but do you really mean to imply that if the scottish had voted for independence that the british government would have ignored the result of the referendum ? 
  there was a portion of my history class in secondary school on the colonisation of america , and another one on the slave trade . 
  in both cases , the awful things that britain did were discussed openly . 
  yes , two different names for the same technique . 
  it is also referred to by the phrase `` and you are lynching negroes '' , referring to the soviet habit of justifying its human rights abuses by pointing out the usa 's less than stellar history with civil rights for its black citizens . 
  whose land is it ? 
  before the british , spanish and french started squabbling over it , there was nobody there but penguins . 
  argentina has no valid claim to the falkland islands . 
  yes , it is extremely unfair to assume that modern britain would ever act with the bullying thug mindset that we outgrew a century ago but the argentines are still seemingly stuck in . 
  the falkland islands were made a crown colony in 1840 . 
  ok , i 'll imagine that another country had a dependant territory near britain . 
  for the sake of realism , let 's imagine some norwegian islands near scotland , where the norwegians have lived for 300 years and which britain has never owned - up until those initial colonists , the islands were uninhabited . 
  in that case , the government of britain would be perfectly content for the islands to remain with the descendants of the norwegian colonists . 
  britain would certainly not invade or threaten to invade the islands . 
  they are the * descendants * of british colonists . 
  are americans all british colonists , too ? 
  asking the inhabitants of the falkland islands what they think . 
  the only logical way of settling the issue . 
  i mean who should we have asked , the chinese ? 
  the australians ? 
  of course , the will of the people is meaningless . 
  which is exactly why there was a referendum on the topic . 
  in your opinion , how likely is this to lead to a substantial number of russians leaving the country ? 
  well if no man knoweth the day , how can you possibly claim to know that it will happen soon ? 
  in fairness , there are probably lots of well-educated bulgarians . 
  this fellow is just an idiot . 
  the islanders themselves are overwhelmingly in favour of the status quo . 
  for the argentines to act like they have authority over the falkland islands makes them the imperialists .
