after reading that , i thought `` it 's going to be some mig-21s , is n't it ? '', 
  sure enough , a couple of ' 21s . 
  so leave . 
  if you took a photo of him and gave it to a soviet propagandist back in the cold war , he 'd say `` oh , what an insulting stereotype of a greedy capitalist !, 
  perfect ! '', 
  well maybe they can steal the blueprints to a russian fighter jet or something . 
  that seems like the sort of thing they 'd enjoy . 
  they do n't even pay rent !, 
  i knew about `` oh , if only comrade stalin knew !, 
  '' , but i did n't know there was also a nazi version . 
  what was it that hitler would have theoretically put a stop to if only he knew about it ? 
  police corruption ? 
  a triple agent ? 
  i thought things like that only happened in bad spy fiction . 
  or metal gear , i guess . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's a tactic that could not have worked at any point before the 21st century . 
  no mode of communication other than the internet has ever had the combination of near-instant speed , global reach , and the ability of any jackass with a blog or a website account to take part in the conversation . 
  even in the late 90s , the internet was n't big enough for this to work so well . 
  this is a uniquely 21st century phenomenon . 
  we both know you 're going to spend another night alone with horus ' talon . 
  according to the article ( which you ought to read ) it is being blamed on climate change . 
  this seems like a reasonable supposition . 
  so if putin is the pharaoh and russians are the egyptians , who are the hebrews ? 
  more like 13 attempts but never finishing the job . 
  i 'm starting to think cern are just a bunch of science fiction enthusiasts with a budget . 
  how much do we need to give them to get the stargate working ? 
  when we did that it was to raise money to fight the french . 
  north korea : game of the year edition . 
  because there 's no history of racists comparing white people to apes . 
  when did the uk take russian assets for no reason ? 
  georgia has * five * . 
  georgia should get bonus points for having so many . 
   5 wounds of christ presumably one in each wrist and one in each ankle from the nails , and one in his side from longinus ' spear . 
  whataboutism is reading a comment about ukrainian commenters and going `` oh yeah ? 
  well * what about * russian commenters ? '', 
  protest , yes . 
  assaulting other people who are only carrying out * their * business and putting food on * their * plate is not valid . 
  it is being a thug . 
  `` but what about ... '', 
  complaining about `` metonymy '' seems like looking for excuses to complain about russia . 
  `` ooh , they 're trying to make the us military industrial complex look like some shadowy power with global reach '' the us military industrial complex * is * shadowy and * does * have global reach !, 
  referring to the usa as having `` hegemonic force '' is n't a propagandistic misrepresentation , it 's an accurate description . 
  brushing off the growth of a rising party as nothing but extremism and propaganda is exactly the sort of head-in-sand behaviour that drives people away from established parties and towards rising parties in the first place . 
  well , for one thing they 'd have been beaten to it . 
  a coalition of the liberal party , the democratic party and the liberal-democratic party . 
  if you invented that for a story , people would call it ridiculous . 
  ok , general ripper . 
  so you want to strengthen and enable isis ? 
  good plan . 
  no chance of backfiring at all . 
  oh do n't be stupid . 
  the plan is to limit the ability of existing extremists to advertise and to prevent people from feeling so disenfranchised that they want to listen to the extremists . 
  if you have a better plan , let 's see it . 
  enable the communications watchdog ofcom to clamp down on foreign tv channels broadcasting extremist messages incentivise schools to become more integrated demand that internet service providers do more to remove extremist material and identify those responsible for it overhaul the strategy to tackle extremism in prisonsprisons consult on introducing lifetime anonymity for the victims of forced marriages create a new review by civil servant louise casey into boosting opportunity and integration for minority groupsgroups urge universities to do more to challenge the views of extremist speakers they choose to give a platform to set up a new engagement forum launch a study looking at how extremism spreads, 
  commented without reading the article , huh ? 
  my problem with john oliver is that too much of his comedy relies on showing a video clip of something stupid and then rephrasing it . 
  that 's right - he * literally * reiterates the video clip he just showed you !, 
  for what purpose ? 
   when asked about leading nontraditional political parties , half or more of the publics in four of the six eu nations surveyed believe that these parties are good for their country because they raise important issues that are ignored by traditional parties . 
  this is something i 've seen quite a few supporters of ukip , fn , etc. 
  say , and it 's something i think the traditional major parties should give serious thought to . 
  oh goody , these cunts again . 
  that 's just what we need . 
  if multiple arrests have turned up no evidence for any terrorist activity , how can you know a terrorist on sight ? 
  on what grounds ? 
  do you think i decide policy for all of britain , merkel ? 
  do you think i 'm in charge of the british economy , schauble ? 
  why are you * still * acting like i 'm talking about germany ? 
  excuse me ? 
  look at the post you are quoting there . 
  look at the username . 
  it is by u/cbfw86 . 
  you assumed that it must be me because obviously i am the only person on this entire sub with a british flair . 
  i want an apology . 
  when ? 
  when did i suggest that the eurozone is demanding money from greece ? 
  what are all these arguments people think i have already had with them ? 
  and what does that have to do with this conversation ? 
  i never said germany should forgive greek debt . 
  i said that * i * might forgive debt . 
  u/wireless-wizard . 
  unless you think that `` i '' means `` the german nation '' , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you think i have made demands of germany and the entire eurozone . 
  i have done nothing of the sort . 
  and how does `` if i personally were owed money i could be willing to forgive it '' translate into `` hahaha pay for everything krauts '' in your mind ? 
  i never said that you should pay for everything . 
  i never said that . 
  when did i say that ? 
  when the fuck did i say that ? 
  show me saying that . 
  go on , find a post where i say that . 
  why is everyone in this thread acting like i have already argued with them in the past ? 
  why am i the only one who does n't know about these conversations where i called for you to pay for everything with your taxes ? 
  why are you stating this as if i have called for germany to pay everything ? 
  `` nice to see you realize that '' , when have i ever argued against it ? 
  everyone in this thread is treating me as if i have already argued with them before . 
  frankly , i am feeling attacked . 
  if you can tell me why i , personally , should be willing to donate money to the greek government , go ahead . 
  i already give some money to charitable causes , so why is the plight of greece so unique that i have a moral obligation to go `` no , fuck great ormond street , fuck friends of the earth , * these * people get all my money now '' .
