  this quixotic obsession is leading the argentine government to throw away good money and irritate potentially valuable friends . 
  it 's like if britain threatened to invade belgium every few years , because the french and dutch `` stole '' it . 
   on friday , for example , putin 's envoy who coordinates the army and law enforcement in siberia accused the opposition of starting forest fires that have devastated dozens of villages in his region . 
  hold on , what ? 
  yes , and if you disagree then you do n't have consensus . 
  to claim that you have consensus when you 've been arguing the matter for hours is baffling . 
  if you 've been arguing about it for the past two hours , how can you possibly have consensus ? 
  do you really want to claim that this whole mess is just an ordinary difference of opinion , and in no way the result of problems as divides among mods ? 
  because i do n't recall anything like this happening before , so it clearly ca n't just be `` a little variance '' . 
  this situation did not come about because of a minor disagreement , it came about because different mods have completely incompatible stances on modding . 
  a team of mods does n't have to agree on whether pepsi is better than coke , but it does need consensus on when content should be removed . 
  i do n't want a sub where a link might or might not be removed depending on who 's online . 
  this is not a case of `` a little variance '' . 
  this is a case of mods removing content that does not break the rules . 
  if it 's a difference of opinion , `` a little variance '' , why did you have to sticky post it in an attempt to work around the hamhanded censorship of davidreis666 and theskynet ? 
  no , it 's just treated as being written by saints and prophets , obviously no christian would feel any reverence for it at all . 
   but as mods we do n't need to have consensus all the time yes you fucking do . 
  you can not have a system where a post might be deleted if one mod is online , but left up if another is online . 
  you need to have consensus . 
  what a nonsensical post . 
  this bombing fits that bill . 
  murder on that scale spreads fear . 
  they committed mass murder to advance a political goal and disregarded civilian casualties . 
  there is no way you can define terrorism so that murdering 150 people in an attempt to bring down the government is not a terrorist act . 
  if you want to kill one person in a building , but not to spread terror generally , you do n't use explosives powerful enough to kill 150 people . 
  you * shoot * the fucker , or you stab him , or you throw a grenade or bomb that will kill him , and wound many , but still be relatively small . 
  if you want to spread terror , * that * is when you use enough explosives to kill 150 people . 
  it was using terror and violence to further their political goals . 
  that is terrorism . 
  do n't get mad at me because you jumped to conclusions . 
  the title at no point claims that they are turkish citizens . 
  the reason american movies are full of violence and drama is because all storytelling relies on conflict . 
  sometimes it is physical conflict - the policeman fights the criminal , the superhero fights the aliens , the pirate fights the other , slightly worse pirates . 
  sometimes it is emotional conflict , such as a married couple where one partner is having an affair . 
  sometimes it is competition , such as in sports movies . 
  sometimes it is political conflict , or any other form of conflict you can imagine . 
  but there must be some form of conflict in order for there to be a story . 
  no , on that sub they 'd be able to spell `` kleptocrat '' . 
  you what , mate ? 
   prawn sandwich marxist is that like a champagne socialist , but with no money ? 
  shit , is he back already ? 
  someone get the polish to stall him , we need to hide all the evidence of our homogay and decadence . 
  the way i see it , when the french were invaded in 1914 it was useless to worry about memories of napoleon . 
  obviously this is not quite the same situation , but the general principle applies - eventually you have to move on from the past , no matter how awful it was . 
  * one day in the life of bad luck brian *, 
  so ... born at any time in the past 200 years ? 
  given the soviet passion for bureaucracy , all the juicy stuff would have been written in triplicate , would n't it ? 
  you want to go to a shoe shop or sportswear shop . 
  you know , like you would do anywhere else in the world . 
  i hate reddit 's cult of elon as much as any other sensible person , but more electric cars = more better . 
  the fucking esa website uses the word astronaut , so do n't try to make `` spationaut '' a thing . 
  it 's shit . 
  why should iran and turkey convert their rials and lira into a third currency and then back again for trade between turkey and iran ? 
  this is n't alienation , this is him suggesting that turkey do more business with iran and do it more directly . 
  given the recent efforts to get iran more involved in the global economy , that is no bad thing . 
  i do n't see how this particular statement is alienating anyone . 
  you know , when i woke up this morning i did n't think the question of `` where is the best place for a nuclear submarine to catch fire ? '', 
  was going to come up during the course of my day . 
  what , exactly , does that have to do with my post ? 
  well for a long time it was `` let 's cut this thing in half and see what comes out '' , so i guess when you get right down to it science is kind of violent . 
  right , well you be sure to let us all know when russia reaches that point . 
  god damn it europe , can we all just stop having a boner for classical greece for like 5 minutes ? 
  aaw , who am i kidding , of course we ca n't . 
  stabbed in vein , at any rate . 
  holy shit , this is great . 
  the comma is being used in place of `` and '' , so it 's 7 in total . 
  what double standard ? 
  what `` russophobia '' ? 
  go through my entire comment history and pick out an example of me judging russia and britain by two different standards , or else fuck off and take your false accusations with you . 
  if you go a day without shooting a muslim is that hypocrisy ? 
  or is it the simple fact that a citizen of a nation does not embody everything that nation has ever done ? 
  so have you never criticised any nation on earth , ever ? 
  oh please , every other thread someone whines about low taxes in ireland or spain . 
  tax is not the issue here . 
  well in that case , that post was even dumber than i assumed back when i thought it was a personal dig at me for not having access to the pla . 
  protip : i do not set british foreign policy . 
  you 're being the equivalent of that cunt in every thread who latches onto the first american to post and goes `` oh yeah well what about iraq '' when the guy was trying to talk about copyright law or beer or something . 
  you saw how mars was acting !, 
  beckoning , dressing like that - he was asking to be probed !, 
  man i do n't have billions of dollars and a fucking aircraft carrier with which to be philanthropic . 
  see , this is how international power * should * be used . 
  i 'm glad that two nations not normally known for philanthropy did this . 
  a first time smoker knows none of that . 
  they only know the name , the box , and maybe a few associations like `` women smoke x '' or `` builders smoke y '' . 
  removing the box will have a major impact on that . 
  but if everything is plain , what will motivate him to ask for one brand over another ? 
  then you know literally nothing about how advertising works . 
  do you honestly think brand identifiers have nothing to do with making a product desirable ? 
  referring to it as `` taking something away '' proves that removing brand identifiers is a meaningful move . 
  then why was there so much outcry when ireland did the same thing ? 
  if it does n't matter , why were so many people angry about it ? 
  and now we wait for the butthurt libertarians to cry about their inalienable right to having pretty designs on the box . 
  china is communist in the same way that having bishops in the house of lords makes britain a theocracy . 
  are n't a-10s completely useless against any modern military ? 
  are we upset ? 
  i said `` more egalitarian '' , you illiterate fool . 
  that means that while it may not be perfectly egalitarian it is more so than the culture of russia among certain other nations . 
  tell me , do you misread everything so completely , or is this a special case ? 
  no , i think the one who saw `` among certain other nations '' and thought it meant `` alone '' is the deluded one here . 
  i said , in that post , `` russia among certain other nations '' .
