  learn to read . 
  i thought it meant a swap as in the two countries would ship statues to each other . 
  this is way dumber . 
  well i was replying to a comment that * was * about that , so i think anyone who misunderstood has a very poor sense of context . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with the bombing of hiroshima ? 
  using nuclear weapons when there is literally no chance of any retaliation is not `` going full retard '' . 
  western world !, 
  are there a notable number of tartar terrorists ? 
  i 've certainly never heard of any . 
  the dark ages that are so called because we know so little about them rather than because they were grim and evil ? 
  a majority christian europe developed into the significant-minority-but-not-actually-majority atheist europe that you are misinterpreting today . 
  given that all tv in britain was state owned for a long time , it may just be that the tv industry just was n't powerful enough to prevent those laws being passed while the newspapers already had their foot in the door . 
  i think that calling someone who honestly thought that the usa had secretly assassinated putin `` paranoid '' is not calling names , but being entirely reasonable . 
  then you are some kind of paranoid . 
  if david cameron were ill , the government would not send old footage out and claim that it was new in an effort to hide his `` weakness '' . 
  as is done in almost any dispute or legal case . 
  to have both evidence and witness testimony adds up to a much stronger case than evidence or testimony alone . 
  i believe that macho culture as exemplified by russia among certain other nations is inherently worse than the more egalitarian culture exemplified by most western nations . 
  is this bannable ? 
  if so , why should i be banned for thinking something clearly unhealthy is bad ? 
  if not , please reword rule 1.1, 
  so warm and pleasant !, 
  no wonder the finns are so famously friendly and affectionate . 
  do you call istanbul `` constantinople '' ? 
  bangladesh is n't an arab country . 
  it 's called kaliningrad . 
  now , if he was * jewish * , we 'd have all sorts of traditions to live down to . 
  we 're working on it !, 
  if you can find me an example of a claim of `` the white race is superior '' that does n't at least * strongly imply * `` so hang all the blacks '' , i will be very much surprised . 
  wait , hold on , do n't we have a law against `` inciting religious or racial hatred '' ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the actual phrase used . 
  do you think you 've ever changed anyone 's mind about anything ? 
  do you think your obnoxious shitposting has ever brought anyone around to your point of view ? 
  the first movie was good fun , at any rate . 
  they certainly have a great imagination . 
  stephen seagal is also a fan of putin . 
  if they can get their hands on a decent scriptwriter , there could be a film in this . 
  mexico may be a fucking mess , but it is not a fucking mess that is in a hurry to sign any treaties with russia . 
  see , mexico * could * start looking around for overseas allies . 
  that would put the usa in a very uncomfortable position , because we would end up with , say , chinese `` military advisors '' and `` attaches to the embassy '' bordering the usa . 
  the reason mexico does not do this is because it does not stand to gain anything . 
  there is nothing that any other nation can offer the mexican government that they can not get from the usa . 
  in contrast , ukraine could get a lot from the eu and nato that it could not get from russia , hence its move towards the west . 
  that is all there is to it - ukraine made a move that was in its own best interests . 
  your comment stands only as an example of complete and utter nonsense . 
  you can not make a request and then insult me . 
  if you want an explanation , you can apologise first . 
  no , seriously , how many places have to have same sex marriage and be totally fine before people realise that same sex marriage wo n't turn everything into an even more homoerotic version of the road warrior ? 
  oh look , it 's the slippery slope argument that gets trotted out every time same sex marriage is discussed , no matter how obviously wrong it is . 
  apparently i 'm pretty much average . 
  you should at least call them by their real name - the falkland islands . 
  according to the article , kia and nissan are also reducing production/export . 
  it seems that it will soon become very difficult to buy a foreign car in russia . 
  ok . whatever you want to believe . 
  it is clear that you * think * you have some kind of irrefutable proof of the evil western propaganda conspiracy , but all you are doing is describing ordinary international politics . 
  it is not propaganda for a newspaper to report on the decisions of its nation 's leader . 
  if a british newspaper prints an article about david cameron , that article is not propaganda unless it is designed to make the reader either love or hate cameron . 
  similarly , a slovak news source can report on the actions of kiska without it being propaganda . 
  are you going to be on the next plane to tunis then ? 
  even if that is true , what does it have to do with anything ? 
  not if they let shit like this happen . 
  if i go somewhere on holiday , i want to be confident that i wo n't be fucking murdered . 
  look at how many people from across europe speak to each other in english in this subreddit . 
  given that there was also the panther , i think they just have a theme they want to stick to . 
  call-myself-dutch di\u03b2ler . 
  i think the world needs more politicians this dedicated to dressing up in cool costumes . 
  i mean , shame about the bribery , but at least this one can put on a show . 
  the years before stalin 's cult of personality produced lenin 's cult of personality . 
  it 's one of those books that has been on my shelf for ages without me actually reading the damn thing . 
  faust and several volumes of dostoyevsky were the same , so i think i might just be bad at reading national treasures . 
  doctomoe confirmed for not thinking an unplanned and unwanted pregnancy inhibits a woman 's life . 
  what do you think pregnancy is , a fucking picnic ? 
  unconscious as in asleep and not conscious as in * lacking the brain required to think or feel * are two very different things . 
  foetuses are not conscious until about the 28th week of pregnancy . 
  you can not `` punish '' a being that can not think or feel . 
  well for one thing , allowing an end to unwanted pregnancies - it may be a bit of an extreme example , but in the case of a rape victim becoming pregnant abortion is the only reasonable option . 
  or vampire putin . 
  i 've read , and i can believe it , that the president of america physically ages three years for every year in office , due to the almost constant stress of the job . 
  r'lyeh is somewhere in the south pacific , so first stop is probably australia . 
  as you know , the premier loves surprises . 
  given netanyahu 's recent speech in congress , to comment on israeli influence over american politics is hardly an antisemitic conspiracy theory . 
  they got quite a lot of american gear through lend-lease , did n't they ? 
  `` only ingsoc would ever change the name of something '' fuck off . 
  i had n't heard about that . 
  can you link to it ? 
  i do enjoy seeing holocaust deniers shown up for the idiots ( and usually bigots ) that they are . 
  ah , but you see , those people are far away and mostly black , so your average western conspiracy theorist either does n't care or does n't know that they exist . 
  rincewind is in mortal peril , all 's right with the world . 
  if the return key is shaped sort of like a fat , upside-down l then that 's the british keyboard design . 
  i 'm not sure the nuclear element of it is their top priority . 
  given that russia is running short on puppet states lately , maybe they want to re-establish influence over someone outside of europe . 
  obviously , north korea is hard to control at the best of times , but the russians might think that they can bring them back into line over the next few years . 
  are you honestly suggesting that we use china as our moral benchmark ? 
  so what happened to your first three accounts , number 4 ? 
  the world 's two most kafkaesque nations get back together at last . 
  i do n't think this situation is really comparable to the treaty of versailles . 
  for a start , we 're not banning the russians from having any sort of military . 
  we just want them to stop lobbing it around quite so much . 
  why do you pick 2007 as the cutoff point ? 
  i have not said any of these things .
