  ... or maybe , just maybe , i lack a couple of thousand to just throw away casually . 
  that was in the post you replied to , but you seem to have missed it , so let 's try again : i lack a couple of thousand to just throw away casually . 
  congratulations for demanding money from someone who does n't have it lying around to give away . 
   for the thousandth time i do n't believe i 've ever spoken to you in my life . 
  if you 're frustrated at someone else , take it out on * them * and leave * me * out of it . 
  for one thing , i lack a couple of thousand to just throw away casually . 
  for another thing , why the fuck should i ? 
  if the greek government owed me any money , sure . 
  did n't the academie refuse to ok the word `` email '' , and try to push a french equivalent that was really long and clunky ? 
  i recall reading something about that . 
  `` from time to time , the british court-martial a maintenance man to set an example for the others '' . 
  hmm . 
  just does n't have the same ring to it as the original voltaire line . 
  well , they would n't do that . 
  which is why they did n't do that . 
  the post i replied to was a conspiracy loon who posted one word - `` accidentally '' . 
  my post bears some relation to the one i replied to . 
  your post has nothing to do with the post it is replying to . 
  `` missiles '' `` british '' `` landing '' `` in '', 
  ooh , a quote from 1984 !, 
  how was your 14th birthday ? 
  did you get anything nice ? 
  oh goody , this is exactly what the region of turkey bordering iraq and syria needs right now . 
  oh like * you 've * got problems . 
  headline grammar ambiguous , sometimes misleading says expert, 
  hmm . 
  a once-great nation now reduced to weakness , with russia and germany competing over who can annex it first . 
  i think i 've heard this one before . 
  anyone want to help me build a bomb shelter , just in case ? 
  human decency does not begin and end at national borders . 
  we have border badlands ? 
  this is the most german thing i 've heard of for a while . 
  we do n't tolerate such disorder in * our * business !, 
  speaking of kentish/estuary , should we count medway as having its own dialect ? 
  no true scotsman is different . 
  it refers to making a statement and then trying to change the definitions when you are proved wrong . 
  the original use illustrates it better than i can . 
  a proud scotsman mocks the english who have spices on their porridge . 
  `` no scotsman has cinammon on his porridge !, 
  '' , he says . 
  then a friend of his speaks up : `` actually , my uncle jock is a scotsman and he has cinnamon on his porridge . '', 
  asks the first man , `` well , no * true * scotsman has cinammon on his porridge ! '', 
  your english is better than my finnish - all i know is `` perkele '' . 
  if he 's taking that much , they must be in real trouble . 
  also , just one correction - coffins are what dead bodies are put in before being buried . 
  you were thinking of coffers - a coffer is a kind of chest used to store valuables . 
  if they 're worth that much , how can they not afford to pay turkmenistan ? 
  i mean , i 'm assuming they * ca n't * pay , because if they * can but wo n't * pay then that 's absolutely retarded and suicidal . 
  so when the eastern nations keep up with their nato commitments they 're praiseworthy and the only ones standing up against russia , but when we keep up with * the same commitment * we 're lapdogs . 
  well how else are you supposed to refer to a group of people ? 
  also , thank you for putting the title in english , rather than some horrible english-french mongrel that is incorrect in both languages . 
  `` the english wo n't go to war over belgium for a scrap of paper '' - german high command , 1914 . 
  do n't touch the precious !, 
  maybe you should employ people to find moldova 's missing money . 
  the half-dreamed memories of empire . 
  britain and france got a particularly potent strain back in the day . 
  then we invaded the suez canal . 
  well , that proves it . 
  vampires never drink ... wine . 
  well , this is good news . 
  i would not have been surprised if the sanctions had been allowed to lapse , given that the eu is hardly the most unified it 's ever been . 
  i do n't want you to spend an hour compiling data , i want you to give me * a link * . 
  one single , solitary link providing one atom of evidence that the bbc lied about the russian-georgian war . 
  and if you are not willing to provide evidence to back up your claims , i do n't see why anyone should believe a word you say . 
  give me a link to a bbc article that lies about that war , then . 
  do n't say it happened , show us it happened . 
  if you have evidence of the bbc being untrustworthy , please share it . 
  so what was world war 3 ? 
  it 's necessary to have the approval of the eu government because that is the difference between an eu force with a few other nations and an international force that happens to include a lot of eu nations . 
  once again , i struggle to see how my position lacks nuance . 
  how have i taken `` a view without any nuance '' ? 
  i offered up a definition of eu action that allowed for half or even most eu nations taking no active part , that seems nuanced enough to me . 
  i think your eu is nato nato is eu view is the one that lacks nuance . 
  because a handful of nations acting without eu approval or endorsement can not be called an eu action , can it ? 
  if nato is the military arm of the eu , why are so many countries enthusiastically part of the eu but ambivalent towards nato ? 
  also , i do n't see what 's so unreasonable about my definition . 
  if i only counted unanimous action , that would be unreasonable . 
  people who define themselves by hate always find it hard to make friends . 
  can you name any examples of an aggressive eu action ? 
  by eu action , i assume we mean an action by a significant number of eu members ( let us say at least 10 acting simultaneously ) and with the stated approval of at least one eu governing body . 
  ok , so how many oap homes for armenian survivors is turkey likely to have to build ? 
  this is paying for survivors * directly * , not the sort of cash payment to the armenian government people seem to think will happen the second turkey stops lying about the genocide . 
  i admit , it 's more than i thought was happening at all , but it 's not really comparable to the scenario some people seem to have in mind . 
  source ? 
  and would turkey have to pay reparations ? 
  it would be so easy , too . 
  a round of speeches about how killing is bad , build a memorial somewhere in ankara , and once a year some mid-level government functionary puts flowers on it . 
  simplicity itself . 
  naming your missile defence system after viking alcohol is not `` losing '' . 
  and you need to stop talking utter nonsense , so i guess nobody gets what they want . 
  ca n't compete with his fanclub , perhaps . 
  musk and his companies are good at what they do , and i 'm very glad they exist , but the man is n't a wizard . 
  yes , they have twice as many extermination camps !, 
  and the trains there run twice a day !, 
  and they serve double-hitler !, 
  the claw is life !, 
  / r/polandball / r/polandball / r/polandball . 
  next week support for leaving will be 55 % , and the week after that it will be a 50/50 split . 
  [ fifa recently ] ( http://images.entertainment.ie/images_content/rectangle/620x372/witch.jpg ), 
  i ca n't think of any cases of al jazeera outright lying before .
