  if you have any evidence that this has happened , please share it . 
  the playstation games are quite good , if you want to play something easy for half an hour . 
  good point . 
  it would be irresponsible to waste a name that good . 
  this is true european unity . 
  instead of currency or politics or culture , what unites us is a shared sentiment of `` fuck the turks '' . 
  is there any way i can contact the turkish government and ask them to rename it neo-rome ? 
  because that name is amazing . 
  yes , such as all the irish who voted for marriage equality . 
  they helped to make the world a better place . 
  good answer . 
  a lot better than any of the other mods ever gave on the issue . 
  you have theskynet 's publicly stated explanation for why they made that decision , should n't the word of a mod be enough ? 
  and if i were to post a news article about migrants drowning in the mediterranean , would you remove that post for gaming reddit as your colleague theskynet did ? 
  new mods , what 's your stance on `` gaming reddit '' ? 
  it 's fucking may . 
  i 'm not shifting anything . 
  moral responsibility starts with the maker of the cigarette , and it is still with the maker of the cigarette . 
  if you 're not in the reserves , i think your job is to throw molotovs at ~ ~ russian ~ ~ eastern vehicles when they drive through your town . 
  try to hit a truck carrying ammunition . 
  because tobacco companies give people cancer for money . 
  so what i 'm getting here is that if you stub your toe , you blame britain for it . 
  if he does that by addressing people 's concerns , good for him . 
  examples ? 
  if history is irrelevant , what basis do you have for claiming that this will lead to tyranny ? 
  what are you basing that claim on , if not history ? 
  and can you find me any example of the modern british government locking up `` dissidents '' in cases unrelated to terrorism ? 
  for sake of simplicity , let 's define modern as any point after tony blair is elected in 1997 . 
  no , actually , people who do n't call for jihad and death wo n't lose anything . 
  i know they have religious differences ( azerbaijan being islamic and armenia being christian ) and disputed territory , though there might also be other reasons . 
  the bbc tries to be as neutral as possible in its reporting . 
  typically , words like terrorist are only used as part of a quote , and the article itself will be say `` gunmen '' , `` separatists '' , `` rebels '' and other more neutral terms . 
  `` but why is n't anyone reporting it ? 
  why does n't the west care ? '', 
  try waiting a few hours before you claim something 's being ignored , for crying out loud . 
  by the bbc ? 
  i doubt it . 
  many of the classic westerns of the 1960s were set in texas and mexico , and filmed in spain . 
  `` something 's rotten in the state of denmark '' is a line from * hamlet * . 
  but * people * do not get called anglo-saxons , you teuton . 
  that 's when it gets weird , you visigoth . 
  why do you think genes have anything to do with this ? 
   the increases were primarily from those types of illness ( especially heart disease ) which the russian medical system has never been very adept at treating . 
  deaths from diseases of the circulatory system ( which account for the majority of deaths from all causes ) increased by 4.8 % , while deaths from diseases of the digestive and respiratory systems increased by 9.9 % and 22.1 % respectively . 
  in the past some researchers have linked the rapid increase of circulatory-system-related deaths in the 1990 \u2032 s to `` psycho-social stress '' brought on by the atmosphere of pervasive economic insecurity which accompanied the end of the planned economy . 
  russia 's current crisis is nowhere near as severe as that , but there is a chance that the economic dislocation accompanying the ruble crisis has had a negative impact on those russians whose health status was already the most fragile . 
  well , shit . 
  stress-induced problems are the absolute worst . 
  bernie sanders is the second coming of ron paul . 
  with access to the internet , modern 16 year olds have just as much information about politics available to them as anyone else does . 
  more than many older voters , really , when you consider that many 60 + people are n't online . 
  oh please , what kind of 16 year olds do you know ? 
  that 's prime poorly thought-out teenage rebellion territory right there . 
  xkcd is one of those things that in a vacuum i would consider to be kind of ok , but in the face of so many redditors obsessing over it , i now actively dislike . 
  do you honestly think that 's the issue here ? 
  right , because it 's not calling people `` anglo-saxons '' . 
  think of how you might say a car has `` teutonic engineering '' , but you would not call the german government `` teutons '' . 
  britain was inhabited by anglo-saxons a thousand years ago . 
  it is now inhabited by the british . 
  to refer to the british as anglo-saxons today is just fucking bizarre . 
  hey man , the west does n't care about anything until it happens to white people . 
  it 's sad , but that 's just how we roll . 
  for example , the oil spill in the gulf of mexico a few years back . 
  it was unfortunate , but not really a big deal when it was only affecting mexico . 
  when it started affecting florida , then it was a tragedy . 
  anglo-saxon is a historical word . 
  it 's as if i called french people gauls , it just sounds weird . 
  the petition thing was an example . 
  as for integrity , you differentiate between external attack and internal attack , and internal calls for change that * are not an attack * , by examining the situation and using basic common sense . 
  if someone is murdered , is it always treated like a foreign agent sabotaging the country ? 
  no , it 's usually just ordinary murder . 
  same with the difference between invasion , or destabilising a country , or a country 's own citizens calling for independence for their region . 
  see , people can do these things without needing to be arrested or fined for it , at least in most nations . 
  russia , by fining any media outlet that supports an independence referendum , is the odd one out here . 
   the new law - passed by 84 votes to 22 - also bars former sigurimi members from holding public office in future . 
  how many can there be left ? 
  even many of those still alive must be too old to have active political/professional careers by now . 
  any time someone refers to the modern british government/banking sector/whatever as `` anglo-saxons '' , it completely invalidates whatever they 're saying in my opinion . 
  it 's like how some of the more obvious pro-russia idiots call the ukrainian government `` kievites '' and similar things - it 's so stupid that it drags down the rest of the statement with it . 
  territorial integrity generally refers to preventing outside forces from changing a nation 's borders , not to shooting anyone who signs an independence petition . 
  why not compare uk and russia ? 
  uk has its constituent nations , and russia has its constituent republics . 
  but ok , let 's imagine someone calls for cornish independence - the fact is , people can already do that and they do n't get fined for it . 
  russia is not just doing what everyone else does here . 
  why not try it in the uk ? 
  i do n't recall anyone being fined for calling for scottish independence . 
  is it just an ordinary potato with a little ribbon wrapped around it ? 
  where did this `` bottle of vodka a day '' come from ? 
  there 's a saying that `` if you lie down with dogs , you wake up with fleas '' . 
  hey , remember what happened last time someone said they would invade the falkland islands because the british government was weak ? 
  we do n't keep thatcher in cryogenic storage , that would be too expensive . 
  instead , we have some of our finest druids slitting the throat of a white ram to summon up her soul and bind it in a wooden body . 
  because it could spell the end of the two-party race in the uk for the foreseeable future . 
  this is the election that determines whether coalition government in the uk was a fluke , or the beginning of a new normal . 
  because the uk is one of the most important countries in the eu , and the government over the next 5 years will determine the future of the uk 's relationship with the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure house hapsburg was an early attempt to breed the kwisatz haderach . 
  now i kind of want to complete the set . 
  i wonder if khrushchev ever got his name on a bottle . 
  it 's almost as if there are laws that apply to banks and investments . 
  we do n't deny that that happened .
