so much for the need to work together against terrorism . 
  maybe the intcommunity does n't need more access after all . 
  i suppose everything 's relative . 
  oh yeah , for the whole of europe . 
  but for finlands part there 's mostly iraqis comming here , and that 's been the trend for a while now . 
  there 's quite the gap between countries , so a general literacy for muslims is n't helpful . 
  but iraq and syria , where these people are comming from have about an 85 % literacy rate according to some un statistics . 
  what 's weird is that they did enough research to get here , but they did n't know anything but `` finland is a good country '' before they came here . 
  he asked finland about it he got the answer that he has to come here before he can ask for asylum . 
  i think a couple of countries told him what they would do if he came there . 
  yeah they have to register in finland to apply and when they make the application it leaves a papertrail . 
  i do n't really know what policies are regarding such checks but i imagine it 's involved in the process when they check where they came from . 
  i get he 's angry there was n't any tea , but who in the world knows enough about finland to find his way here , but does n't know it 's cold as fuck ? 
  i 'm nowhere near left , but i 'm moderately positive toward accepting refugees , and just as / u/heidihoffmann said i just rolled my eyes at you . 
  you can always apply for asylum anywhere , it 's just that it might hurt your chanses to get it approved . 
  [ good answer . 
  economic migration is what you call it when finns move to sweden , noway , denmark , uk , germany or the us to work . 
  i do n't understand how you conclude that we 're getting `` economic migrats '' from an area where half their countries are already overrun by a hostile militia and the rest of it is under constant threat , just because when they flee their homes they 're looking for safety and stability . 
  neither of which they can get in any of the countries on the way where the infrastructure for refugees has been under constant pressure for a much longer time now than ours . 
  i 'm all for following conventions and agreements as long as they work and make sense . 
  the thing is , when it does n't work anymore you have to make changes or exceptions . 
  and now it 's not working anymore . 
  so when we get to the point when a convention is no longer working or is in any sense practical we ca n't lay down on the floor kicking and screaming while the grownups try to solve the problem . 
  then it 's time to take the silver spoon out of our mouths and make an effort . 
  distributing refugees by an agreed upon quota is one step to solve this problem . 
  i actually agree that the quota should n't be made mandatory permanently , but it should be agreed on for a few years forward to avoid the clusterfuck of having to go through the negotiations every time . 
  something i ca n't understand is saying the five countries they passed through and sweden are putting a burden on finland when all of them have been taking refugees at a rate manyfold what we have for a long time . 
  and in addition expecting that the countries in southern europe with economies weaker than finland should keep all the refugees . 
  edit : tl ; dr technically , no , we have no obligation toward refugees . 
  practically , reasonably , realistically , sensibly and morally , we do . 
  we have those in finland too , so maybe this is just a huge missunderstanding ? 
  maybe he just wanted to give out some pepparkakor to the refugees ? 
  so is 1 and 1 , but they still equal two . 
  so i have no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  it is , and ops title is pretty missleading . 
  many of the refugees want to continue to finland and norway because the response time is lower here , and/or they have friends and family already here . 
  what 's happening is that sj , the swedish railway company , does n't require ids for people who purchase tickets anymore ( which by the way , finland does n't do either ) . 
  now vollunteers in sweden ( not the government ) , because of the huge amounts of refugees arriving at the same time , ca n't register everyone instantly . 
  instead of registering , some people are getting information and guides on how to travel to finland and norway . 
  the reason is that the huge stream of refugees arriving at one time after the border opening to germany is too big for the swedish organisations to handle quickly . 
  therefore , refugees keep going to the next country . 
  there never was , we have different railway standards , so trains ca n't cross the border . 
  this really has nothing to do with laws , only a company policy from the railway company . 
  title is missleading and editorialized . 
  it could be because more finns expect to need rehab after their summer vacation than a mosque, 
  there was discussion when sweden ended compulsory service , seemed like overwhelming majority was for keeping it . 
  yeah they might do the pros and cons list and then everyone will just go `` yep , just what we thought '' and forget about it for a couple of years . 
  it kind of illustrates the evolution of the party imo . 
  i think it was deliberate to be named true finns before , just like they 've now deliberately cleaned up a bit . 
  it 's just really fucking weird . 
  it 's like naming something `` a person '' . 
  it 's often viewed on an x and y axis , one is left-right ( economic views , in part defence ) and one is conservative-liberal ( social values ) . 
  [ here 's an example made about the parties by helsingin sanomat . ] ( http://hs10.snstatic.fi/webkuva/taysi/960/1305953457640?ts=448 ) . 
  it 's in finnish , but you should be able to figure it out . 
  = centre , ps = the finns , kok . 
  yeah i think we need more than one god now a days . 
  i think we should resurect the kalevalas and maybe some of odins pack . 
  altough i do n't think the kalevala gods would be happy with anything but the greens in government ... 
  firefox uses alot of memory , but chrome 's worse . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with this even if i really do n't want to . 
  our economy went from real good times to being hammered in almost every way possible . 
  eu crisis , major downturns for top business areas , quickly ageing population , gridlocked government , heavily affected by sanctions and countersanctions with russia . 
  which , by the way , is still the biggest trading partner with an economy of their own down the tank . 
  oh , and unemployment is also up a whole lot thanks to three year recession . 
  after all that we 're also usually lagging behind the worldtrend in the economy , so it 'll be a while before any upswing reaches us . 
  still , after all that i think we 're pretty well off right now , but we 've got some major longterm problems now . 
  yeah i thought i 'd have a look at the petition because i do n't really like the way ttip is being drawn up , but after looking at the petition i hope they do n't give it to the comission . 
  it 's so bad it 'll only hurt any constructive critisism there is . 
  it does take a little mental gymnastics because there was already enough of a wall of text , but i love how you go for the `` educate yourself '' deflection when the depth of your idea is `` america big !, 
  the us won the cold war because at that point the ussr no long could field an army . 
  my point was that it took 45 years to win the cold war , and while russia at the end of it was n't able to fight for its interests on a grand scale , it took a much shorter time to get back into shape . 
  what will involving the yanks accomplish then ? 
  other than a bigger wasteland ? 
  tactical nukes may be a big part of the russian military doctrine , but that 's for the benefit of the us . 
  and since , as you put it , with the nordics it 's like fighting swords with sticks there is n't the same kind of threat for russia and therefore , as long as we 're able to take care of ourselves we 're much more likely to avoid nuclear winter . 
  i 'm not sure what hat you 're pulling that guarantee out of , because there is no guarantee . 
  we 're definitley benefiting from the partnership program in the ways of training and possibility of support . 
  yes , the possibility . 
  that 's quite a long way from a guarantee . 
  i really have no idea what you 're getting at with `` punch above their weight '' . 
  the nordic countries have 4 out the the top 5 for most stable countries in the world , so i 'd attribute the punching above our weight to having our shit together . 
  since no one is actually expecting an outright military attack it does n't matter that the eu does n't have a military . 
  saying the eu is irrelevant is more or less admitting you 're stuck in a one dimensional world . 
  if russia decided to use force against an eu state they would be completly isolated economically , and eu is the biggest economy in the world ( plus , russia would create potential threat areas all along it 's border ) . 
  so unless russia makes a really sweet deal with china and finds some other alternatives it 'll be really expensive . 
  and then we 're back to the nordic defense philosophy of making it painfully expensive . 
  as for eu beeing militarily irrelevant , yes , but not individual countries . 
  if a eu member is attacked , then they would get a minimum of material and economical support . 
  and then we 're back to the nordic military cooperation being pretty effective . 
  yes they do , and it kind of proves my point because isis is no immidiate threat in sweden . 
  denmark is , i think , more compareable to finland than sweden , and they 're the only ones affected by anything close to isis . 
  and even there the gunman had no real connection to the organisation other than `` sympaties '' . 
  my argument was for the nordic countries as a whole , because that 's what this was about . 
  i do n't even ... 
  i do n't know how to answer that ... but i 'll do it anyway . 
  the us has one of the biggest , most powerful , most advanced militaries in the world . 
  it 's been like this for a long time already , pretty much since wwii . 
  after wwii there was a cold war for a long time , about 45 years . 
  for 45 years , the two most powerful countries had a stand-off . 
  what did it accomplish ?
