  they are propaganda site which whole intend is to spread lies about ukraine and russia . 
   russia is an aggressor , so it makes sense to show how things are going there and that wise russian people are paying for their blind obedience to their masters . 
  lol , so they do it in english . 
  for russians . 
  spin attempt failed . 
  frozen conflicts can last for centuries, 
   euromaidan press lol . 
  they should better care about their own ~ shithole ~ country . 
  well , since tax is flat in russia , our salaries are always after tax . 
  or i misunderstood something and disposable income does n't include your monthly bills like electricity , internet , heating , ect ect ect ? 
  yeah , but so it did with russia . 
  by the way , you 're in eu for more than 10 years already , what did you do all this time ? 
  were n't you supposed to have double digit economic grouth all this time ? 
  only 300 euro ? 
  that 's about 20k rubles . 
  and i 'd say it 's a salary on a shitty job outside of moscow . 
  i was thinking better of you , pribaltica !, 
  it was the price for invading ussr together with hitler . 
  romania send more than one million troops to kill soviet people , what did it expect after the war ? 
  it was the price for invading ussr together with hitler . 
  romania send more one million troops to kill soviet people , what did it expect after the war ? 
  is that bad russia post again ? 
  because according to all known to me sources , finnic population of russia was assimilited rather then genocided , and haplogroup researches show exatly that . 
  well , basic grocery is n't everything you spend your money on . 
  you also spend them on electricity , heating , gas , property tax , gasoline , rent , transportation ect ect ect . 
  i guess it all is much cheaper in russia than in estonia, 
  probabaly a good idea to report you, 
  but you really can get normal cheese in any grossery store . 
  just do n't buy the cheapest one . 
  but you really can get normal cheese in any grossery store . 
  just do n't buy the cheapest one . 
  but there were no students in russia before peter tue great do n't make the shit up if you do n't know the history, 
  so it 's mr. putin again . 
  he probably did n't like the guy personaly and ordered bloody ex-kgb to throw him to gulag . 
  so they just pulled out the story about some guy messed up with certification and made a clickbate ? 
  so they just pulled out the story about some guy messed up with certification and made a clickbate ? 
  tskhinvaly never was `` your own country '' since georgia never de-facto controlled the town . 
  nobody ethnically cleansed this land before the georgians decided to assult tskhinvali during the night, 
  imagine a world where redditors study the subject before commenting ... it w be so nice, 
  9 years after georgian invasion of south ossetia - revisionists still try spin tye story, 
   wow , such empty, 
  obviouslly , russia just bribed the eu . 
  or used propaganda and fake news on authors of the report . 
  or just hacked eu site and put fake report . 
  it 's all russia, 
  russian units were n't nearby , they were in south ossetia only in the morning , while attack happened during the night . 
  and so is farsi . 
  does it make iran `` european '' ? 
  also hungary , finland and estonia are n't `` european '' now ? 
  the question i asked was what makes some nations `` european '' and others not . 
  what makes armenia and georgia `` culturally european '' ? 
  christianity ? 
  if so , then ethiopia is `` culturally european '' too . 
  othen than christianity , there 's nothing that would make them `` european '' . 
  their customs are not european , their languages are not european , their history was n't european until they became provinces of russian empire . 
  username checks out, 
  ( does it really look like italy ? 
  then do n't cry `` not all estonians ! '', 
  when someone accuse you in being a nazi, 
  i did n't ethnically cleanse anyone ; it 's your sovok-infected mind is unable to separate people 's opinions from their flairs, 
  if local population would support it , and local military bases would change side , why not ? 
  who said they do n't get any funding ? 
  they do , just less than important cities . 
  who said they do n't get any funding ? 
  they do , just less than important cities . 
  well , probably because these several bigger cities are more populated and richer than poor provinces ? 
  yeah , probably bloody kgb faked audio record too, 
  sure , kremlin propaganda is able to force alexievich to say this or that !, 
  she also said that it 's okay to ethnically cleanse russians in ukraine, 
  we are dutry atheist commie asians . 
   the soviet union was an enthusiastic supporter of the nazis from before hitler had even gained power right up until the soviet union was invaded by hitler . 
  lol , / r/shitamericanssay and / r/badhistory combined . 
  ussr systematically opposed any fascist and nazi parties all around the europe , supported socialists during spanish civil war and communists during chinese civil war . 
  it 's true that ussr had good relations with weirhmar republic , but all relations were halted after nazis come to power . 
  i just pointed out the fact and got downvoted, 
  before they supported finland diplomatically, 
  it 's not a conspiracy that uk and france supported finland , they kicked ussr out of league of nations and considered sebding army to finns . 
  how is imprisoning poles is unfair ? 
  not plain slaughtering like in katyn , just separating them somewhere in syberia, 
   you ca n't stop a religion by force . 
  say it to bolsheviks, 
  why should russia care about lives of amerucan diplomats ? 
  yeah because ukrainian intel will just give all the info to public , right ? 
  wow , this svekol ` nik looks so nice !, 
  yeah i was really surrprised seeing such un-greek stile in the tallest greek church, 
  yeah i was really surrprised seeing such un-greek stile in the tallest greek church, 
  how can one survive above 35 \u00b0 temperatures ? 
   with stalin denying any evacuations of the civilian population and insisting to supply the city over lake ladoga , across routes that did n't exist with supplies that were n't there . 
  where did you got this bs ? 
  they evacuated as many people as they could, 
   hey guys , we have really , really bad emails about kaspersky !, 
   but we wo n't show them you !, 
  american media in a nutshell \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  sounds like russia, 
  because being jewish is enough to emigrate to germany from eastern europe, 
  actually eastern german economy recovered by almost the same rate as western one . 
  but yeah , eastern germany was much more destroed because it was the last place where the nazi army resisted to the red army, 
  you 're geopolitical and cultural illiterate if you think sweden was ever as important as georgia and ukraine are for russia . 
  do n't even want to discourse it . 
  nobody in russia cares about your irrelevant country,
