  it also says :  refrain from using economic pressure on belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine in order to influence its politics . 
  while in 2004 usa braked it by [ economic sanctions against belarus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarus_democracy_act_of_2004 ) :  the u.s. , said president bush , `` will work with our allies and partners to assist those seeking to return belarus to its rightful place among the euro-atlantic community of democracies . '', 
  which is clear violation of budapest memorandum . 
  but usa is not obligated to protect ukrainian sovereignty . 
  that 's why i mentioned government change - if it were the same people , they would at least had moral obligation to do it . 
  but it 's not high resolution version . 
  you can visually see defects of compression . 
  and `` open image in new tab '' does n't help - it opens the same compressed image . 
  while on wiki it always open the best version . 
  but you can not even open high resolution version of map without making 2 additional clicks . 
  what exactly did usa do to be accused in betrayal ? 
  do you think usa , ukrainian and russian governments did n't change many times since 20 years ago ? 
  honestly , most of these photos do n't look `` slavic '' . 
  i mean , they also could be german or french or british , most of clothes presented are not historical and do n't even try to look historical . 
  khmelnytsky swore allegiance to the russian tsar , so it does n't fit to current political narrative in ukraine, 
  i disagree . 
  there were no super rich oligarchs in ussr . 
  it will destroy current economy and make everyone poor . 
   i do n't see how the state also did n't own all factories , since they completely controlled how much and what they manufactured . 
  do you understand that soviet leaders did n't profit from selling industrial output , right ? 
  factories , indeed , were owned by the state , but it does n't mean that there was an oligarchy class . 
  quite opposite , oligarchs are always private owners , and private ownership of factories was banned in ussr . 
   people had outgoing and incoming letters checked and ` altered ' , people dissapeared if they said the wrong things do you understand that is was only during stalin times and for very limited amount of people ? 
  i do not deny that where were political repressions of anyone remotely anti-communist , but saying that all letters were checked is just absurd . 
  it was technically impossible to do so . 
   wtf are you even arguing for ? 
  i 'm arguing for civil discussion with logical arguments rather than appealing to emotions . 
   technically they did . 
   they did . 
  care to provide sources of your claims ? 
  especially about factories ' owners . 
  i privitezed apartments worth more than $ 100k . 
  is it a lot compared to london ? 
  not even the center of moscow . 
  ussr never claimed to achieved communism on the first place , they called it `` developed socialism '' . 
  it was n't oligarchy because ussr leadership did n't own factories . 
  it was n't totalitarian dictatorship ether because state did n't control personal life of people . 
  the key to understand ussr is planned economy . 
  soviet money were n't real money , all consumer prices were set by the government . 
  i think the best analogy is to imagine that ussr was a huge corporation , with its own apartments , clinics , hospitals and material bonuses for employees . 
  directors of factories were paid professionals and not capitalist owners . 
  the difference , ussr-corporation had no owners , nobody profited it 's economic activities . 
  there were no oligarchs or billionaires in ussr . 
   how did the workers of ussr own production ? 
  they were n't exactly owners of production , but apartments were given to everyone for free , they also could buy consumer goods for these quasi-money . 
  russia should be added to the list too . 
  their `` estimates '' of real estate ownership are laughable and evidently wrong . 
  first of all , in 1980 , portugal was n't a dictatorship . 
  second , portugal even under dictatorship was n't 3rd world, 
  it also should be noted that ukrainians are very easy to trigger , on the level of mad american feminists . 
   in the latter case , the richer countries such as the czech republic , poland , the baltics , and the former yugoslavia are not eastern europe oh , good , change the definition and we 'll got the right result !, 
  maybe we also should say russia is asia and therefore not eastern europe ? 
  it will leave only poorest countries like ukraine and moldova in definition , and thus support your claim !, 
  no , i obviously meant ex-communism countries , and please do n't pretend you did n't understand me . 
  if you were able to read properly , you would notice that i said `` most of eastern european countries '' . 
  ukraine and moldova are exceptions rather than rule . 
  the most developed republics of ussr , the baltic states , are right after the western countries in hdi rating . 
  so are many of ex-warsaw pact countries : poland , czech republic , slovakia , hungary - they all are in the category of the first world and they were so during communism times . 
  i also said `` compared to most of the world . '', 
  compared to most of the world , communist countries had nearly 100 % literacy rate , they had universities and science , something you will never find in 3rd world countries , which are most of the world by both territory and population . 
  so even ukraine and moldova are not 3rd world yet . 
   they should be thankful for the years of soviet/russian oppression . '', 
  i never assumed they should be thankful or something , i just do n't like when they hyperbolize too much about their past and present . 
  dunno how in ex-yugoslavia , but here most of apartments were privatized after the fall of ussr , so people basically got property for free . 
  during communism times , you had hdi on pair with portugal - not the best result , but still faaaaaaar away from being 3rd world . 
  feel free to explore more here : http://hdr.undp.org/en/data, 
  how is eastern europe `` third world '' ? 
  most of eastern european countries has and had high hdi , right after `` first world '' . 
  i feel like eastern european just like to dramatize a lot about their poor destiny , while in fact they live like kings compared to most of the world . 
   why move factories to china , when you have ukraine right next to europe and is desperate for any investments ? 
  until recent , china was much cheaper than ukraine . 
  ukraine has labor regulation laws , unlike in china , you have to pay maternal leave and give paid holidays in ukraine . 
  ukraine has ecology protection laws , you can not just dumb waste there you want . 
  this rating is a crap . 
  most of ukrainians own property worth far more than 1500 usd . 
  this report from credit suisse was criticized many times here and in / r/worldnews . 
  in short , they greatly underestimate property cost in ex-ussr countries . 
   comrade jokes you have a terrible humor sense , hans . 
  there 're multiple polls by independent organisations , such as gallup, 
  aggressor against who ? 
  crimean people do not consider russia an aggressor . 
  violence against people based on their political opinion is enough, 
  i 'm fine with any opinion of ukrainians , but i 'm not fine with ukrainian nationalists killing russians . 
  no , justification of war was anti-russian hysteria after coup in kiev . 
  russian people were attacked by new ukrainian government . 
  yes , but their territory was n't attacked , therefore nato can not say a shit about ukraine . 
  i actually disagree with whole narrative of `` europe '' being more than geographical term . 
  actually rebellion started after coup in kiev , but got a lot of support only after ukrainian nationalists burned anti-maidan protesters alive in odessa . 
   it is somewhat amusing to see that being used as an argument when russia has been guilty of doing that exact same thing , especially in ukraine for a very long time . 
  guilty of what ? 
  ukrainian was a state language of ukrainian ssr , it was mandatory for everyone to learn it . 
  i 'm not even against mandatory ukrainian , because it 's a state language , but all national republics in russia has and had minority languages in regional status . 
   so you ca n't really criticise them for promoting ukrainian and not do the same with russia i still do n't understand for what exactly i should criticise russia . 
  russia finally made crimean tatar language a regional language in crimea , before that , ukraine systematically oppressed their right to have governmental services in their native language . 
   i 'm not sure why promoting the language of the country is oppression unless they were forcing people not to learn russian . 
  i 'm not against promoting state language , i am against their policy of ukrainization of russians . 
  i for people to have services in their native language and not in only ukrainian . 
  they are hurting russians , but it 's huge hyperbola to say that there 's no food in markets . 
  only ukrainian propaganda hit that level of absurd . 
  i wrote a comment about it a month ago .
