   2 wow that a surprise !, 
  american occupants are mortals too !, 
  how dare these goatfuckers to kill them ? 
  per capita maybe ... because number of capitas is decreasing, 
   i am aware of all this . 
  yes , because you know languages and is able to read russian and ukrainian media . 
  average person in the west does n't . 
  all they get is whitewashed picture of ukraine being pro-western liberal democracy invaded by evil tyranny of russia . 
  and seeing this image , ukrainian government got carte blanche to do anything they want in their country ; they are fully aware that western media and ngos will never criticize ukraine and will never question ukraine 's actions . 
   but russian tv and kremlin shills on the internet really exaggerate the amount of nazis present too . 
  do they ? 
  i 've never seen `` kremlin shills '' outside of russian internet , while any pro-russian comment on reddit will get `` you 're russian shill ! '', 
  response . 
   the ultranationalists are not in charge of anything in ukraine , they have very few ( single digit ) seats on parliament . 
  the nazis are members of a few battalions , but they have no political power . 
  they may have no seats in parliament , but they definitely have political power . 
  see blockade of donbas coal . 
  it 's evident that nationalists has a roof of sbu and large presence in ukrainian army . 
   i 'm just saying that russian shills undermine their own credibility by using conspiracy theories like < the cia is behind everything , poor russia  . 
  did you ever seen these theories outside of / r/conspiracy ? 
  because i did n't . 
   i 'm quite sure you 're not a russian shill thank you galya . 
  i 'm glad you at least admit there 're problems in ukraine , problems not caused by russia , but problems with ukrainian government being not as liberal as they 're portraited . 
   they say things like < fascist nazi junta  or < cia is after us  bullshit to a ( usually ) informed and internet-using crowd does `` informed and internet-using crowd '' know much about situation in ukraine and cia beside what western media tell them ? 
  i mean , does this crowd know about pavel sheremet , ruslan rotsaba , dmitiriy maximenko , the recent scandal on ukrainian tv with anantoly shariy ? 
  did they ever heard about tornado battalion ? 
  did they heard about recent warhawkish statements by ukrainian officials ? 
  did they heard about people celebrating 3 years of odessa massacre ? 
  like joseph dzhugashvili . 
  very russian . 
  this `` baltic states have reasons to fear russian invasion because nato wo n't risk a war with russia over them '' argument always was the dumbest thing i 've ever heard , but many commentators used it on this subreddit . 
   why is that ? 
  to simplify literary language and make it easier to learn write . 
   was that one of the first things the bolsheviks decided ? 
  no , it was n't bolsheviks , but provisional government . 
   rus ' did n't become a vassal state . 
  it disintegrated into a loose confederation of principalities , which was subsequently erased by the golden horde - and the principalities vassalized . 
  i obviously meant rus ' land , not rus ' as a state . 
   he only way it could have been continued was if the a new empire had housed itself in kiev or maybe polotsk , instead of vladimir-suzdal why ? 
  why do you favor kiev and polotsk ? 
  as i explained in another my [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6e87di/meanwhile_in_twitter/di9gb3d/ ) , kiev lost its importance prior to mongol invasion , while vladimir-suzdal gained it . 
   and even then they would have had to work hard to resurrect rus ' , not just appropriate the name . 
  why , again ? 
  vladimir-suzdal was literately the same rus ' as kiev or polotsk . 
   but they did import turkic dress mongols themselves were n't turkic , and for you to know , contacts between rus ' and turkic steppe nomads started to happen way before mongol invasion . 
  interestingly , the first battle between rus ' forces and mongols happened because rus ' dukes decided to help their cuman allies ( and close relatives ) :  meanwhile , koten fled to the court of his son-in-law , prince mstislav the bold of galich . 
  [ 16 ] he warned mstislav : `` today the mongols have taken our land and tomorrow they will take yours '' . 
  [ 18 ] however , the cumans were ignored for almost a year as the rus had suffered from cumans raids for decades . 
  but when news reached kiev that the mongols were marching along the dniester river , the rus responded . 
  [ 19 ] mstislav gathered an alliance of the kievan rus ' princes including mstislav iii of kiev and prince yuri ii of vladimir-suzdal , who promised support . 
  the rus princes then began mustering their armies and going towards the rendezvous point . 
  [ 15 ]  asiatic political structure what do you mean by this ? 
  i 'm afraid you 're one of these people who think there 's something inherently different between european and asian minds . 
   rus ' disappeared for good when it was conquered by the mongols . 
  it did n't . 
  it just became vassal state of ulus of jochi aka golden horde . 
  mongols never attempted to exterminate rus ' culture , they mostly did n't care about it at all . 
  mongols did n't leave any legacy on territories they conquered , you 'll never see any mongol trace in central asia or iran . 
   its culture straggled on in ukraine , lithuania and muscovy , but none of them were similar enough to rus ' to claim to be the same . 
  why do you think rus ' culture suddenly disappeared when mongols came ? 
  it just developed in different ways on different territories . 
   i recall hearing about soviet citizens having paid excursions to things like mountain-climbing . 
  they were n't always paid , everyone could buy a tour to mountains and learn some mountain-climbing and hiking . 
  however , some employers assigned these tours for free for their workers . 
   there used to be a vibrant soviet alpinist community , as nearly anyone could participate in it , but it has basically disappeared now because only relatively wealthy people can afford to go on such excursions . 
  it 's true that soviet outdoor tourists community was really big , this includes alpinism , hiking , rafting ( not really rafting - people mostly used catamarans and kayaks for sailing white or rough water ) . 
  and it 's still exists today , maybe not as big as during soviet times , but still . 
  probably it became less affordable now due to high cost of transport and equipment , most of soviet tourists used to make all equipment themselves , but now people lost their craft skills . 
   does n't mean that russia inherited any cultural or political traditions from those areas . 
  russia inherited language , religion , architecture and dynasty from medieval rus ' . 
  i think it 's unfair to draw a line between tsardom of russia and medievel rus ' - because tsardom of russia was essentially moscow principality absorbing the rest of rus ' land . 
  there were no point in history when rus ' suddenly disappeared . 
  this is just undeniable . 
   vacations from work were lengthy russians still enjoy 4 weeks of vacation  healthcare was universal healthcare is still universal  everyone was guaranteed housing housing is still guaranteed if you do n't have your own . 
  but at least in modern russia you can actually own your house , while in ussr you did n't . 
   every able-bodied adult was guaranteed employment employment is not guaranteed , but there 're state centers of employment that will seek you a job if you ask them . 
  also in ussr your were sent to a job against your will , while in modern russia you can choose your job . 
   because it actually has kiev within its borders as its capital . 
  that 's why i used medieval rus ' instead of kievan rus ' - because the term `` kievan rus ' '' creates perception of rus ' being ruled by kiev . 
  meanwhile , the original rus ' was n't kievan , but `` novgorodian '' , and united rus ' ceased to exit around 1132 year , 100 years before the mongol invasion , when dukes of polotsk and novgorod refused to obey duke of kiev . 
  after the split , kievan and other southern principalities experienced intensive raids by steppe nomads , and the power shifted towards novgorod and rostov-suzdal . 
  during this 100 years before the mongol invasion , immigration wave from southern rus ' to the north made it possible to rise new towns , such as vladimir , moscow , ryazan , murom , pereslavls-zalesskiy , yuriev-opolskiy , dmitrov , zvenigorod and many others . 
  so , the northern principalities rise . 
  the most powerful was rostov-suzdal ( later vladimir-suzdal ) principality . 
  in the year of 1169 , vladimir-suzdal duke andrey bogolubskiy untied with smolensk and seversk dukes successfully stormed kiev . 
  this leaded to formal change in duke hierarchy : from this time , vladimir-suzdal duke formally became on the same level with kievan grand duke . 
  after that , kievan was burned down several more times by different dukes . 
  so , even before the mongol invasion , kiev lost its status of leading city . 
  it hilarious how purely historiographical term `` kievan rus ' '' started to affect perception of rus ' state by uneducated masses outside of russophone world . 
  most of people would think `` hey , it 's named kievan , so russia can fuck off from claiming it as their heritage '' . 
   then boris yeltsin 's `` shock therapy '' program destroyed all remnants of the soviet welfare system i disagree with this part . 
  most of soviet labor regulations are still in place in russia . 
  yeltsin reforms were more about creating market economy out of planned one , not about changing amount of welfare, 
  linking historical documents is provocation now ? 
   great russians , white russians and small russians . 
  no , these were introduced only in 17th century by kievan monks in order to support ukrainian rebellion against polish rule, 
  because this article does n't have any sources and most probably a product of fantasy . 
  opposing to independence and `` russia and the soviet union before/after them have denied the existence of a seperate belarussian or ukrainian identity '' are 2 different things, 
  why do ukrainians like to revise the history so much ? 
  it 's a well known fact that people of 11th century kiev called themselves russians , any other opinion is just historically incorrect .
