  it may be true that ukrainian and belorussian get more russified , but not the other way around . 
   even so , some of the past differences are still present . 
  according to the same article , even polish used to be more similar to ukrainian and belarusian than russian , at least before russia conquered their territories . 
  that a bullshit article . 
  among some retarded groups of ukrainian and belorussian nationalists , conspiracy theories about russian language being closer to tataro-mongolian and russians being finno-turkic inbreds do exist . 
  and again this bullshit with bulgarian being closer to russian than belorussian ... 
  it enough to watch video [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuamfg8yau0 ) to understand how it 's in real live . 
   the 're just different opinions on programming languages and how the ui should work , about simplicity and complexity , and levels of abstraction . 
  and every distro variation boils down to that . 
  honestly , i think the op meant not linux system , but linux ( and in general open software ) environment . 
  it so much mess . 
  there 're thousands of different versions and slightly different programs but none of them combine all options you want . 
  and it 's almost impossible to find what you need . 
  and nobody guarantee that after updates all your installed stuff will work again . 
  for example , bibtex still does n't support utf-8 . 
  yes , in 2017 year there is a program that does n't do it . 
  of course , there 're solutions , but this solutions are bad and unpopular . 
  they have thousands of versions and some of them work only if you already installed another . 
  you have to spend hours to find the way to install them . 
  and they are n't mentioned in any popular latex manual . 
   the linux community consists of groups of end users who build their own distributions the way they want . 
  if that 's alsways best is debatable , but that 's basically it . 
  and it 's terrible . 
  i , as a user , want to use software to do my job , i do n't want to became software engineer . 
  with such messed environment as linux and all these open software , i have to became a system programmer instead of doing my job . 
  even if my profession is somehow related to computer programming , it does n't mean that it 's my job to fix all this mess in versions and dependencies . 
  i 'm simply not a specialist in it . 
  username checks out, 
   or perhaps opting for civil ceremonies over a religious service . 
  but are n't civil ceremonies are official ones , and religious service is just for religious people ? 
  well it says native language , not official , so no mistake . 
  if someone is interested , there is the documentary film about prokudin-gorsky , [ available free on youtube with english subs . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxm5antlph0 ) . 
  yeah and russia is also the only country that lost so many territories recently . 
  it 's a photo from russian iss sector . 
   in ukraine , russian soldiers or not , its ukrainians vs ethnic russians living in ukraine . 
  basically the ussr `` planted '' population seeds in order to `` russify '' the nations within the iron courtain ( mostly those that were part of the ussr itself ) and a generation later the results are in : it worked !, 
  which is bullshit in case of ukraine because large parts of modern ukraine territory were n't populated by ukrainians originally . 
  i mean , south-eastern part of ukraine and whole black sea coast were conquered from ottomans by russian empire in 18th century , and settlers from both ukraine and russia moved there . 
  major cities like odessa or dnepropetrovsk were mostly russian and jewish before 20th century , so any claims that ussr `` russified '' that part of ukraine are just ridiculous . 
  did you read his comment ? 
  he clearly said usa-backes junta * was * deaths, 
   but as a swede it might just be genetic for me to distrust everything russian . 
  wow how western and well argumented . 
  bravo !, 
  ( i know , but it seems like you were taken seriously by other users , which makes the situation even funnier ), 
  b-but us sphere of influence is good because people chose it themselves !, 
  that what they will respond to you . 
  ask iran about going nuclear . 
  seriously , europe just has one of the most pleasant climates on the earth . 
  the only similar part of the earth is probably china and it also was a prominent center of civilization for long time . 
  measuring military power in money spend on it is really shitty way to do it . 
  russia has nuclear determent , something eu as whole lacks of . 
  i do n't want even discourse conventional armies because they are irrelevant in such questions . 
  but yeah , russia also has rather strong conventional army , especially land forces . 
  good luck surviving without coal from `` ordlo '', 
  one wrong hug and your kid has broken neck . 
  it should be done accurately , without any force . 
  how is so ? 
   just appropriate and proportional force . 
  that 's exactly what i said !, 
  you have to use violence , force , or whatever you call it - but you still have to cause pain sometimes . 
   now what is the point you 're trying to make my point is exactly like yours : you have to use appropriate violence/force to stop kids doing violence . 
  but applying any physical strength to kid 's body is violence . 
  you can not separate them without dong it . 
  pretty simple method : any use of violence in non-defensive way leads to violence towards you . 
  but grabbing kids by the collar is violence and can cause traumas . 
  how do you not use violence then ? 
  you do . 
  well i did n't say it 's an effective method for 2 month baby because indeed it is not . 
  i just argued that before certain age kids do n't understand your explaining ( if i correctly understand what did you mean by the `` explaining '' ), 
   if your child does the same things that you punished by `` really tiny violence '' again , will you use a bit more than `` really tiny '' violence ? 
  what if it does it again ? 
  the same argument can be said about `` good reasoning '' . 
  what would you do if your child does the same things you already told to him are bad ? 
  will you increase `` reasoning '' ? 
  what if it does n't help ? 
   pull them apart then restrain them with the least violence possible ? 
  nobody will consider that `` borderline child abuse '' . 
  at least if you do n't show them who is the boss by throwing a few punches yourself . 
  god , nobody is talking about punches , it 's your imagination projects your stereotypes about `` child abuse '' . 
  what i am talking about is that even `` the least possible violence '' is still violence . 
  you have to use it sometimes . 
   that `` everything can be considered violence so actual violence is totally okay '' is a really shitty argument . 
  define `` actual violence '' . 
  okay , you can think whatever you want , but please answer my question : how would you stop kids fighting each other without using violence ? 
  they indeed understand pain better than words . 
  i think the word `` beating '' is bad in this discussion since it seems like everyone has it 's own understanding of its meaning . 
  the thing is , there 's nothing wrong in using really tiny violence such as slaps towards kids if you do it the right way , i.e. 
  use it only if they crossed certain boundaries and explaining them why do you use it . 
  but the problem is that there 're many parents who do n't care and slap their children depending on their mood rather than certain rules . 
  violence is also useful tool to stop kid doing violent things , such as hitting other kids or animals . 
  or how would you stop kids fighting each other without `` borderline child-abuse '' ? 
  you 're wrong if you think they will hear your reasoning during the fight . 
  what about 2 months old ? 
  do you think toddlers can fully understand you ? 
  how will you react on this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sterilization_of_native_american_women  reports of forced sterilization of native american women began to surface in the 1970s . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] of the 100,000 to 150,000 native american women of childbearing age , 3,400 to 70,000 of these women were involuntarily sterilized through tubal ligation or hysterectomy . 
  how is this not nazi germany tier crime ?
