  even ukraine trades with russia, 
   restrictions for crimea and sevastopol : hurts a few people in that region . 
  i concede that much . 
  restriction for crimea and sevastopol hurt all people in crimea and sevastopol because all western companies are banned from operating there , they are blocked from all western internet services and banking . 
  how it 's not punishment for their choice ? 
  under the pressure of exactly what ? 
  they are mentioned in primary chronicle as one of the tribes calling varagians to come and rule . 
  ukraine systematically oppressed russians in ukraine by not making russian language a regional language in russian-majority areas . 
  yeap , because bellingcat is totally unbiased source, 
  ukraine is not nato member and therefore nato has no voice in this conflict at all . 
  yeah because only ethnic russians are literally orcs and support rebels . 
  not like there 's no clear division between russian and ukrainians, 
   hurr durr russians are literally starving because of putin not that shit again please . 
  there 's greater chance that ukraine will have one more revolution than russia will have one . 
  oh great . 
  so yanukovich was a bloody dictator when his guards shot maidan rebels , but new ukrainian government is okay because they ordered to shot anti-maidan rebels ? 
  semantics, 
  ukraine is no more `` europe '' than russia, 
  they were unsafe when new ukrainian government send troops to interrupt anti-maidan protesters . 
  they are unsafe now when drunk soldiers of ukrainian volunteer battalions do whatever they want , and ukrainian kgb aka sbu send people they do n't like to prison . 
  why do you think russia is not able to support internet inside the country ? 
  also i think there 's no legal procedure for such sanctions . 
   they made it russian using ethnic cleansing in the 40s . 
  nice propaganda , but crimea was more than 50 % russian since the begging of 20th century, 
  or maybe russian people view the support of ldnr as protection of donbas people rather than `` the killing of ukrainians '', 
  well then eu should n't pretend that sanctions are anything but punishment . 
  actually they elected `` more moderate '' leader because `` less moderate '' was president for 2 terms and could n't be a president again . 
  nice propaganda , but sanctions already target russia 's tiny technological sectors , they banned all exports of double-usage and military tech . 
  name me one example from history when sanctions were effective and turned citizens against their leader . 
  present me a proof that there 's no magic tea pot on earth orbit, 
  i guess cia hacking merkel 's phone was russian conspiracy too, 
   1 ) kievan rus ' did also not control a third of estonia that year ; there were no `` estonia '' in the 1000 , but if we speak about modern-day border , then i doubt there 's reliable data about exact borders for this year . 
  i also doubt there were exact borders in the modern meaning . 
  so we really can not know . 
   2 ) it is not known whether chuds were estonians ; really ? 
  so chudskoe lake does n't speak for itself ? 
  and the chronicle there yaroslav the wise conquer modern-day tartu from chud ? 
   3 ) kievan rus ' was founded more than a century before the year 1000 . 
  indeed . 
  does n't change anything . 
  it was n't russia , but kievan rus , and estonians ( chud ) were one of the founder tribe of it . 
  they did n't launch it yet . 
  and they survived this winter reling on coal from ldnr . 
  why georgia , armenia and azerbaijan are not included into ussr on 1933 map ? 
   i do wonder if really all 2.5 million jews of ussr lived almost exclusively in the western part of the counrty . 
  most of soviet jews lived in modern day ukraine , belarus and southern russia due to segregation policy of russian empire . 
  yeah i guess there 's reason why jews move from poor ex-communist countries to rich israel and germany , they basically do n't have any requirements to immigrate , just be jewish and have a1 level german in case of germany and 0 level in hebrew in case of israel . 
  so you finally get bored , but admitting your arguments ' weakness is beyond your intellectual level . 
  have a good day . 
   yes there are , ural mountains , caucasus , mediterranean sea , straits of gibraltar , strait of bosphorus are natural physical bounderies of europe . 
  ural mountains ends in the south and leave no border between european and asian parts of the eurasian steppe . 
  both gibraltar and bosporus can not be considered a real border . 
  mediterranean sea was a transport artery rather than border since the antiquity . 
   which defines their ethnicity and from where they originated from . 
  korean will never be `` european '' he 's east asian living in europe . 
  tatars `` originate '' from the place there they currently live . 
   i know for russian it is hard to understand such thing as `` european '' but for rest of europe it is not , i know for you it 's hard to omit your stereotypes and hear logical arguments , that 's why you resort in shit like `` i know for russians '' and `` if it was shitty nobody would be using that '' . 
   i 'm european , white , christian , with my own culture that is unique but compare to other parts of world is closest to other european cultures then what 's exactly defines your european being ? 
  whiteness , christianity , or culture ? 
  if first , than brownish people in south italy are not europeans , if second , than atheists are not european , if third , than finns are not european . 
  or maybe you just admit that `` european people '' is an artificial construct with no real meaning ? 
   if it was shitty nobody would be using that nice appealing to `` everybody '' . 
   i 'm not asian , not brown skinned or anything , i 'm european , that defines my ethnicity , my culture and geography from where i come from . 
  there is border in europe and asia , it 's cultural , ethnical and physically geographical one . 
  no , there 's no such border . 
  i 'm sure you 're educated enough to know that there are `` asian '' people living in geographical europe , for example tatars and other turkic people , and there `` european '' people living outside of europe . 
  so saying `` i 'm european '' means nothing but `` i 'm from place that is considered europe by geography '' . 
  it says nothing about your ethnicity and culture . 
  no , soviet was introduced to note `` we 're all soviets , who live on soviet union '' . 
   because we 're all europeans , who live on european continent . 
  that a shitty tradition to divide people by abstract constructs such as `` european continent '' . 
  or do you think there 's a kind of border between europe and asia ? 
   except ukrainians are not russians and russians are not ukrainians , except there 're a lot of people in both russia and ukraine who straggle to chose between these two nationalities . 
   yes the space race was common effort , we have a true term for it - european , not artificially created `` soviet '' one . 
  how is `` european '' less artificial than `` soviet '' ? 
  also , soviet people included many non-european people ( i bet you know it too ) . 
  do you understand that there were no separate achievements , right ? 
  large scale projects , such as space program , were an effort of all soviet people . 
  it 's especially hard to separate russians and ukrainians because we were so close , and an ukrainian could easily became a russian and a russian could easily became an ukrainian . 
  ethnic russians were only about 50 % of ussr population , so soviet achievements belong to all nations of ussr , to all soviet people . 
  actually it landed on solid surface and worked for 57 minutes . 
  from wiki :  the lander had cameras to take pictures of the ground and spring-loaded arms to measure the compressibility of the soil . 
  the quartz camera windows were covered by lens caps which popped off after descent . 
  venera 14 , however , ended up measuring the compressibility of the lens cap , which landed right where the probe was to measure the soil . 
  [ 2 ]  the composition of the surface samples was determined by the x-ray fluorescence spectrometer , showing it to be similar to oceanic tholeiitic basalts . 
   the lander survived 57 minutes ( the planned design life was 32 minutes ) in an environment with a temperature of 465 \u00b0 c ( 869 \u00b0 f ) and a pressure of 94 earth atmospheres ( 9.5 mpa ) . 
  telemetry had been maintained by means of the orbiting bus that carried signals from the lander 's uplink antenna . 
  good alternative facts . 
  what 's next ? 
  both of them are actually from man . 
  look up in the internet . 
   hurr durr i 'd better trust cold war propaganda from robert conquest than actual historical research, 
  yeah , definetely they were n't driven out , just happened that st. sophia cathedral is turned into a mosque ... 
   how is saying humankind instead of mankind , some cataclysmic event ?!, 
  b-but the word `` human '' also come from man !!!, 
  how dare you to introduce such racist changes into the language ?? 
  how dare you ? 
   poland tried to create independent ukrainian and belarusian states poland actively oppressed ukrainians in their country . 
  or why do you think bandera was so mad at poles ? 
   comparing nazi germany 's plans to annex ethnic german inhabited land to that of literally splitting half of europe .
