  france ask for help from ussr in exchange for more territories . 
  ussr have better positions to attack germany . 
  but this did n't happened because france was crushed so fast and did n't asked for help from ussr . 
  hitler invades ussr first . 
  ussr ask for help in exchange for independent polish state . 
  the possibility of help from the west increases , hitler 's chances to win decreases . 
  apples and oranges . 
  massacring polish civilians had nothing to do with `` protecting ukrainians '' . 
  it was n't to protect them , it was to protect ussr . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  do you really think that being annexed by stalin is somehow better than being annexed by hitler ? 
  are you serious ? 
  it was obvious that hitler would attack ussr sooner or later . 
  there was anti-comintern pact , and hitler 's book screams about his dreams of invading russia and creating lebensbaum for the great german nation . 
  it 's not better to be annexed by anyone , but in this historical period it was impossible for these little countries to stay away from geopolitics . 
   hitler was able to annex half of the poland exactly because stalin said `` ok , but give me my half '' . 
  do you believe it ? 
  poland was steamrolled even before ussr invaded . 
  also hitler started preparation about half a year before , when there were no pact with ussr . 
  these 's no reason to think that hitler would n't invade poland if ussr did n't sigh the pact . 
   so soviet union is actually one of the biggest nazi collaborators in the world ( and ironically the most stupid one ) same can be said about france and britain . 
  i nonetheless would n't say that , france and britain had no means to protect czechoslovakia or poland , and as we know now , france could n't even defend itself from hitler . 
  yeah , because it was much better to allow hitler to annex whole poland , baltic states and finland . 
  fucking russians ! 11 they hacked ukrainian brains and forced peaceful ukrainians to honor nazi collaborators ! 11, 
  then why did the eu chose ukraine over russia ? 
  russia as far more economically successful than ukraine , and trade between the eu and russia is much larger than trade between the eu and ukraine . 
  you wake up in the morning . 
  you shave using noname chinese electric shaver , brush your teeth with splat \u2122 ( russian brand and the most popular toothpaste in russia ) . 
  then you leave the building , take your xiaomi redmi note 3 pro \u2122 ( the best selling smartphone in russia in 2016 ) . 
  on your way to work , you grab a free newspaper . 
  at work , you work on linux os ( which is used in most of state funded organisations , and the state is the biggest employer in russia ) . 
  you open your yandex \u2122 or mail.ru \u2122 account and check a couple things to order on avito \u2122 . 
  then , it 's time for lunch . 
  better go at local eating place , cheaper than any fastfood . 
  maybe i do n't want eat the same food again , let 's go instead to shashlychnaya or shaurmyachnaya . 
  after work , you go to your electichka and drink some cheap beer while looking at endless wall of graffiti near the railway . 
  then , going home , you connect to vk \u2122 . 
  you play a little bit dota 2 \u2122 or cs : go \u2122 on steam \u2122 . 
  you go to the kitchen get a vodka , then you look at some girls on vk \u2122 and go look at the news on tv \u2122 about the russia sphere of influence and the great emperor of all russia vladimir tavrichesky . 
  crimean tatars were n't a majority of population since the beginning of 20th century . 
  you comments is basically set of lies and propaganda . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  crimean tatars were a minority even before deportation . 
  as a member of left-wing party , how do you see the future of polish economy ? 
  it 's kinda obvious that right now poland can not maintain scandinavian-like social democracy due to undeveloped technological sector , so poland have to compete on less innovative ( and less profitable ) fields . 
  how do you plan to boost economic development in order to make an average pole as wealthy as an average scandinavian ? 
   except that he almost quotes ( and i mean literally quotes ) nietzsche in his novels . 
  literally quoting is n't something bad , especially if it 's done by authors like dostoevsky - with his endless allusions and double meanings . 
   i fail to see the actual influence here okay . 
  you may think he was n't really influential . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  actually i think it 's kind of surprising such heavy-style authors became so popular . 
  i bet most of people do n't understand allusions - because most of people do n't have degree in russian culture and literature . 
  both tolstoy and dostoevsky influenced many european authors and philosophers . 
  dostoevsky in particular was one of the first author of existentialism , while tolsoy pretty much developed his own philosophy , which inspired people such as gandhi and martin luther king . 
  that 's really surprising . 
  usually there 're a lot of stuff and security but nobody checks you . 
  i do n't remember when they checked me last time . 
  holy moly , you 're insane . 
   i 've seen more than 3 documentaries on ww2 you can be a generalissimo of op 's army !, 
  armchair general thread will now come to order !, 
  while i agree with you in part where you say that poor ukrainians and georgians did n't suffer as much as they like to portrait , i totally do n't see how the rsfsr was worse than the rest of ussr by the living conditions . 
  why should russians hate ussr from the beginning ? 
  anti-sovietism should have died with sovietism after the end of cold war . 
  emotions are far from being perfect instrument to analyse history , then why do you bring emotions into historical disputes ? 
  soviet union lasted for more than 70 years , and you can not just throw away it and say `` it 's all were wrong , we 're west now ! '' . 
  there were many good and bad things , and it 's not a secret that most of bad things happened so long ago that most of now living soviet birth people have never experienced hunger or repressions . 
   some people also like their new iphone and vacation in italy and admire su . 
  and there 're many people who use soviet build things everyday and admire capitalism . 
  not an argument . 
   one russian that the finns captured ( and then used for propaganda purposes ) was carrying a pair of women 's shoes in his pack . 
  he 'd originally gone into town to buy a pair of shoes for his wife , and was simply press-ganged by recruiters looking to fill a quota . 
  why do you think they used this made up story as propaganda ? 
  science is bitch, 
  in krokodil drug and icons, 
  putin paid troll here , ama, 
  probably people are more motivated to learn english . 
  why would ukrainian parliament allow torture investigation if ukrainian parliament consists of criminals and corruptioners , just like any other bunch and level of ukrainian state ? 
  there 's no racism against whites ! 11, 
  well i think it 's much easier for a spanish to learn italian than english , and for an ukrainian to learn polish and so on . 
  and this is exactly why english is not the easiest language to learn . 
  i have to disagree . 
  maybe in the netherlands it 's the case , and also dutch is the closest language to english , but most of countries are not so internationalized and their languages are much more different from english . 
   until the 1990s russia and china did n't know much about what went on in western societies . 
  most russian and chinese anglophones had been killed or exiled after the communist revolutions , and were never replaced did they just pull this from their asses ? 
  mgimo and kgb academy always had extensive language courses , not only english , but the languages needed in certain countries . 
   russia and china have lots of well-informed people who can sift english documents looking for intelligence , says adam segal , author of the hacked world order . 
  if they find anything embarrassing , they can disseminate it through english-language social media or the useful idiots of wikileaks . 
  american media can then be relied on to amplify the story . 
  alternatively , foreigners can simply make up fake news in english . 
  do they try to say that usa does n't have around 1 million of native russian speakers , most of whom probably hate russia ? 
  there 're also millions of russian speakers in germany , israel , baltic states and ukraine - more than enough to find someone willing to work for cia . 
  not to say that people from undeveloped countries feel inferiority to europeans when they suddenly realize how undeveloped their countries are and always were compared to europe . 
  even russian feel it , while russia was not so bad compared to the rest of the world . 
  inferiority complex is a bitch . 
  the thing is , for poor people and people from countries without developed pension system having kids is a good investment in their future , while in the west it 's not . 
  you will not end up without a place to live and money once you stop work . 
  so having better salary is more profitable than having kids . 
   i think they know way better than you what they should care about . 
  no , they do n't .
