no , russian muslims , especially chechen , are a flawless poor victims of evil russian-soviet expansionism for the liberal west , that 's why europe likes to give asylum for chechen terrorists and refuse to extradite them to russia via interpol . 
  it 's not originally islamic , seems more like general caucasian tradition , because even christian georgians and armenians for some reason are not okay with a woman going alone without a man . 
   but it 's cool to learn interesting new facts about borders and geography like this . 
  excuse me , are you like 10 years old ? 
   imagine yourself and your friend in the same pose and atire and say you would n't feel just a bit gay ? 
  you have some strange feelings . 
  how can standing in any pose can make you feel gay ? 
  of course i 'm !, 
  holly shit someone uses yandex.metrika on their site !, 
  must be russian agents !, 
  do you understand that `` the people of this sub '' are free to go to another subs if they `` want to expand their horizons a bit '' ? 
   you think anybody would want to live in dresden after the war ? 
  come back to rebuild it ? 
  no , it was simply american money that that rebuilt it completely . 
  except dresden was in ddr and rebuild for soviet money, 
  why do you ask questions that can not be answered ? 
  i 'm not a judge to blame anyone, 
  i see you are more worried about upvotes than about the truth, 
  where the fuck did i blame the west ? 
  do n't make the shit up . 
  the point of my massage was to debunk your historical nonsense , not to blame anyone . 
  china became the 2nd most influental nation only in last 10 years , why do you bring modern day politics into historical discoursion ? 
  ussr started to stagnate after the highest point somethere in 60s, 
  yeah let 's forget that ussr lost a third of its gpd and 20 million people , mostly young man , and that germany always was more developed than russia , and that industrialization in ussr started 50-60 years later than in germany . 
  let 's also forget that ussr was broke after the civil war , even more broke than germany after ww1 . 
   knowing both ukrainian and russian , i can understand only maybe ~ 40 % of a news report in belorussian , i bet you do n't know both russian and ukrainian , or maybe you 're not native , because belorussian is easy to understand for ukrainian speakers and a bit harder for russians, 
  \\* generic ` your mom ' joke *, 
   i point out the democratic deficiencies in your country , the illegal occupation of neighbouring nations , government control over the media and the pushing of a national narrative and all you can say is the us does business with china . 
  no , all i can tell to you - you 're either brainwashed or simply a hypocrite . 
  choose yourselves what you like more . 
   is that your defence ? 
  you accept my arguments as true you just point out that other countries are also bad . 
  god , we did n't even talk about good or bad countries , we did talk about strange western logic behind the sanctions - for some reason the west sanctioned crimeans more than ordinary russians . 
  so far you did n't any valid counter-argument . 
   the west wants to end the occupation of crimea , will that cause suffering ? 
  yes . 
  that 's unfortunate but the west did n't start this . 
  if the west wants to play world police so much , i 'd say the west is the shitty cop . 
  corrupt and unjust . 
  just like cops in russia you hate so much . 
  so why do you justify shitty world cop ? 
  for example : 1 . 
  subsiding moving from crimea to ukraine for everyone who do n't want to live in crimea . 
  apply it , of course , only to former ukrainian citizens if they have a proof they were . 
  instead of banning half of the internet in crimea , maybe they could target the truth about bloody murderous putin exclusively on crimeans . 
  support ukrainian economy so crimeans would see the reason to return . 
  because now crimeans live better than most of ukrainians . 
   i 'm angry because i do n't like dictatorships . 
  governments that control their national media so they can control the narrative they pump to their citizens and kill their political opponents without a revolt . 
  okay , that 's your personal and , i 'm sure , very important opinion . 
  but why do you think projecting your bad mood into the randoms in the internet is acceptable ? 
   the aim of the west is to end the occupation of crimea . 
  one way of doing that is to make it less valuable . 
  that 's great . 
  so if you were a spec-op commander , you would order to kill all hostages to make them less valuable . 
   but yes , there should be stronger sanctions against all rslussians . 
  i 'm glad you 're nobody to decide it . 
   that may seem unfair but we ca n't give legitimacy to an authoritarian regime . 
  then maybe you should stop trade with all authoritarian regimes ? 
  like china , for example . 
  but you wo n't . 
  because you really are n't what it seems to you . 
  i 'm actually impressed by the effectiveness of brainwashing in the west - the hollywood did something russian propaganda can only dream about . 
   the allied bombings of germany in wwii also hurt innocents , social democrats who resisted , and more . 
  but in the long term , that 's the only way to get democracy and rule of law back . 
  no , you did a wrong analogy . 
  the right analogy would be if the allies bombed the shit out of paris because it was occupied by germans . 
  but they did n't . 
   you do realize that sometimes you can only punish a country by also hurting innocents ? 
  but i am asking about sanctions that were put on crimeans and only on crimeans . 
  why are you so angry dude ? 
  chill out . 
   do you expect us to reward your occupation of a ukrainian peninsula ? 
  i just do n't the logic behind sanctioning all crimeans exclusively , not even russians from main-land . 
  if the official position of the west is `` poor crimeans were forcefully occupaed by evil bloody russia '' , then why are crimeans the most affected by western sanctions ? 
  would n't it be more logical to offer help for them ? 
  because it looks more like a punishment , a punishment for chose crimeans did . 
  yeah so evil russia invaded and annexed poor crimeans , but the west is imposing sanctions against crimeans . 
  is it some special western logic asians do n't understand ? 
   but still it 's safe to say that before piotr i russians called themself muscovites . 
  no it 's not because they did n't, 
   there 's consensus that ruthenians are ukrainians and russians are muscovites . 
  of course that 's oversimplification but still that 's fact . 
  no , it 's your fantasies , just like your fantasies about chinese , korean and japanese people . 
   what russians ? 
  pskovites ( leo tolstoy taught pskov language btw ) ? 
  chechen ? 
  other 150 + russian ethnicities ? 
  are you real ? 
  that 's exactly why there 're no ` muscovites ' , they all , novgorodians , pskovites , vladimirites , ryazanites , vologdanites ect ect ect , they all were just russians . 
  like prussians , bavarians , ect ect ect were germans . 
  is it a hard to understand conception for you or what ? 
   they never considered themselves ethnic russians , you 're mixing up rus ' / ruthenian with russian , two very different things . 
  lmao . 
  ruthenians and russian were literally same people , they spoke the same language , their aristocracies mixed with each other for hundreds of years . 
  the only difference was their suzerain , russian tsar or lithuanian great duke . 
  like between germans , austrians and switz, 
   still ukrainians switched self-naming from ruthenians only in late xix . 
  do you at least understand that ruthenians are the same as russians ? 
  because it 's just latinized name instead of greek-like ` russians ' .
