  they clearly chose anti-separatist rhetoric in their reports : [ their previous report ] ( https://www.bellingcat.com/news/uk-and-europe/2017/02/02/human-shields-in-donetsk-launching-grads-near-a-residential-area/ ) , titled `` civilian shields in donetsk : launching grads near a residential area '' , states that :  one launch site is around 200 meters east of the hypermarket , and in fewer than 500 meters from a school and residential area . 
  the second launch site is in proximity of the bypass and around 600 meters from an industrial area and 1000 meters from a residential area . 
  and makes a conclusion :  however , the repeated usage of the launch site 200 meters east of the hypermarket auchan strongly suggest that the selection of this area happened on purpose , deliberately risking the lives of the civilians in the area . 
  however , they did n't analyse at all are the hypermarket and the school still used , which is really important for this type of report . 
  meanwhile , the submitted report proves that ukrainian army placed their tanks and other military vehicles in literally gardens of civilian appartment blocks , which is , in my opinion , much closer to the definition of `` civilian shields '' . 
  they proved themselves that civilians still live in these blocks . 
  then i do n't understand why they did n't titled this report `` civilian shields 2.0 : ukrainian side '' or something like that . 
  the above proves that bellingcat has a pro-ukrainian bias and therefore can not be considered independent or creditable, 
   having a legitimate referendum such as the one the scottish people had is nothing eu is against as far as i know . 
  yeah the problem is that ukrainian government was against because they knew that half of ukraine would willingly became russia if they allowed such referendums . 
  except sudetenland never was a part of `` germany '' ( actually there were no germany before 19th century ) , and if you look up [ this article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_bohemia ) you 'll find out what that part of border is pretty much unchanged since the medievel times . 
  meanwhile crimea was part of russian empire or ussr since 18th century , and during ussr break up citizens of crimea never had a chance to express their will . 
  oh no , [ they actually did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_referendum,_1994 ) , but ukrainian government ignored their will . 
  i did it when i was a kid . 
  it 's actually to make tea cool faster . 
  posting link in comments is not `` submission '', 
  ask idf soldiers, 
  where is a factor : have enough free time and education to understand concepts mentioned above ? 
  search engines are banned in you country ? 
  [ from the north atlantic treaty  ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17120.htm )  article 5  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
   any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  how is this not an obligation ? 
   it 's a common point of view , well 95 % of people are idiots anyway . 
  stop spreading lies , budapest memorandum , unlike article 5 , does n't contain an obligation to defend ukraine outside the un sc . 
  [ here , you can read  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances )  seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine , `` if belarus/kazakhstan/ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' . 
  and they had n't any social support therefore they were forced to work to survive , unlike refugees . 
  there were no such conception as `` european '' culture or civilization before very recent time . 
  why do you think '' & co '' means anything ? 
  i mean ( kek ) , usa has it 's own interests , major european countries have their own interests , russia has interests , russia 's `` co '' ( iran and syria ? ), 
  have theirs . 
  well islamic terrorists do want to destabilize europe and usa supported them . 
  classic `` correlation = causation '' mistake ( or propaganda method ) . 
  says the moor !, 
  this should be renamed to ** some eu stats **, 
  there 're also many words from french , dutch and german . 
  does it mean that russians are gaulo-germanic savage hordes ? 
  i 'd like to see how would you live in a country there it 's nearly impossible to get basic state services such as obtaining driver licence without a bribe . 
  the state should fix their fuck-ups , and unless they are fixed , there 's nothing wrong with breaking some laws . 
  otherwise you say that defectors from north korea a `` part of the problem '' because they broke north korean laws . 
   crab people [ putin is crab ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho2bfqj8s1q ), 
  that 's a mistake - t-90 sells good , any overproduced tank would be sold . 
  there 're dashcams installed on all exam cars , by this does n't help . 
  there 're holes in rules that can be understood differently - so an officer always can chose an interpretation against you . 
  add subjective shit like `` inaccurate driving '' or `` unskilled driving '' . 
  add that you drive that car first time in your life - you do n't know controls well , and still they suppose you to drive that car ideally from the beginning . 
  i know people who did n't paid a bribe - but they had to pass exam 4-5 times before getting a licence . 
  and of course there 's an interval between exams - around a month for fourth try , so you better to get additional lessons , which is not cheap . 
  therefore it 's cheaper to pay a bribe than to fuck with exams . 
  damn it , in russia it 's still nearly impossible to get a driver licence without a bribe . 
  exams are too hard and subjective , official road rules are stupid in many aspects , so a police officer always can find a reason to bust you on an exam . 
  but still usa is an angel compared to china, 
  but how much it 's compared to pre-crisis investments ? 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ukraine/foreign-direct-investment ) , not so much . 
  but are n't they concentrated on the east of estonia and the south of latvia ? 
  why do you think there 's no real winter on british isles, 
  russians hacker are so powerful they 're able to hack people 's brains and mind-control them !, 
  but what if russians hackers already control putin ? 
  why do they mark practically non-existent finno-ugric minority in karelia and kola peninsula but do n't mark `` east slavic '' minority in baltic states ? 
  oh , so now you deny evidences because you do n't like them . 
  nice approach . 
  yeah of course internal kgb archives are less reliable than conquest 's estimations based on close to zero documented data made during anti-communism hysteria in usa . 
  you 're a genius of history . 
   all you know about gulag is what soviet union/russia let you know , nothing more  , and you probably read some bullshit like robert conquest or solzhenitsyn and think they are 100 % right . 
  unlike you , i 'm aware of modern historical research made after the kgb archives were open . 
  but not every state supports crimes of their soldiers . 
  nazi germany was the one that did it . 
   some of them were right things , some of them not . 
  just like soviet union did many things . 
  just like anyone else did them . 
  finally you admit it !, 
  yeah you 're such an expert in this question , that 's why you do n't know a shit about what you 're talking about , you do n't know how germans treated easter european slaves , you do n't know what the gulag was , you do n't know the scales of both , but you still dare to argue about it . 
  sorry , but you 're just incompetent in a topic . 
  yeah , especially for ukrainians , germans were so kind to them that they made brothels for german soldiers with ukrainian woman and kidnapped millions of people to use them as slaves in germany . 
  you said that if we agree that ussr was protecting itself by sighing pact , then upa protected themselves by killing poles . 
  so the initial talk was about comparing the pact with upa activities during the war . 
  i said that killing poles has nothing to do with self-defense , you complained that killing polish officers also has nothing to do with self-defense . 
  i than complained that katyn is not a subject of our argue , and you just pulled it from your ass . 
  do you actually think that soviet killed all priests , officers , scientists , ethnic germans , ethnical estonian , anyone who knows germans and anyone who was something in his possession on occupied territories ? 
  did i say that stalin was right about killing polish officers ? 
  you know , it was n't a point of the pact . 
   there is reason , my dear russian friend  , because otherwise why hitler need this pact , if he could do everything himself . 
  why not to take everything . 
  that 's exactly why the pact was a huge success for ussr . 
  it both moved german-ussr border to the west and undermined german-japanese alliance . 
  hitler was afraid of a war on 2 fronts , so he sighed a pact with one of the sides . 
  you can argue that this made possible the invasion of france , but in the 1939 there were no reason to think that france would be crashed that fast . 
  so possible scenarios without the pact were ( let 's assume that hitler already took whole poland and baltic states ) : 1 . 
  hitler invades france first . 
  if france requests help from ussr ( of course in exchange for former baltic and polish territories ) , it would be much harder for ussr to help them . 
  if ussr does n't agree to help france , then hitler takes france and then invade ussr with much better positions . 
  hitler wins . 
  hitler invades ussr first . 
  if ussr ask for help for france , what would it offer in exchange ? 
  there were nothing to offer . 
  there was no alliance between `` the west '' and ussr , and there was no reason to think that `` the west '' would n't sigh a pact with germany ( like they did before with czechoslovakia ) and allow hitler to invade ussr . 
  so , hitler crashes ussr and then `` the west '' . 
  hitler wins . 
  while options with the pact were : 1 . 
  hitler invades france first .
