  first , russian school books have nothing to do with official recognition . 
  second , all stalin regime crimes were were officially admitted and condemned , even by ussr itself in 1990 ( google for resolutions ) and then by independent rsfsr , [ there 's even a law about rehabilitation of victims of political repressions ] ( http://docs.cntd.ru/document/9004648 )  setting belorussian and ukrainian villages on fire when retreating during ww2 ? 
  this one is bullshit  raping millions of women by soviet soldiers . 
  this one is not viewed as a crime , along with fire bombings of german cities and nuking japan . 
  also numbers of victims are hard to calculate and your claims about every female between 8 and 80 were raped are not supported by any research . 
   `` on berlin for german womean '' ( c ) russian victory day celebration , yeah ? 
  there 're retards in every country , even in russia , that a surprise !, 
   crimes commited by soviet side has never been a subject for scrutiny because soviets were on the winners side . 
  oh really ? 
  every idiot in the internet thinks he knows enough history and law to argue about soviet war crimes . 
   by the way , you did not say which nazi crimes `` lose significance every year '' . 
  genocide of soviet pows and crimes against non-jewish civilians of ussr are nowhere as popular as holocaust . 
  i 'm not talking about germany , of course . 
  but stereotypes from video games and hollywood movies are strong in the heads of people , some of them really believe that soviet union killed more its own people than germans did , not realizing the scale of german organized terror on occupied territories , and not realizing that ussr was losing for 2 first years . 
   yet , there is one country which never admits its crimes . 
   which crimes were recognized by russia , for example ? 
  pretty much all soviet crimes are officially recognized by russia . 
  if you 're not aware of it , it 's your problem . 
   what guarantees can you personally give everyone that mysterious rebels wo n't try to annex another part of ukraine ? 
  common sense and some intellectual effort, 
  the problem is many people do n't know shit about ukraine , they think that after maidan , government changed from some bad pro-russian corrupt dictator to liberal democratic regime , which is definitely not a case . 
  no , one of the first decrees of new ukrainian government was to abolish language law . 
  russia could ' t just let ukraine go because our economies were integrated to each other , it was trade for mutual benefit . 
  russia buys ukrainian good , ukraine buys russian goods , russian investments and banking system are still very important for ukraine , not to say gas trade . 
  ukrainian free trade agreement with eu would broke that , allowing ukrainians to sell untaxed european goods in russia . 
  that 's why ukraine had to chose between russia and eu . 
  you of course will say that russian economy is tiny compared with eu , but in case of ukraine , it does n't mean anything , russia played same if not greater role in ukrainian economy than eu . 
  but of course eu won the populist vote , ukrainians thought they will became rich right after agreement with eu , that they will have visa-free eu . 
  not only eu set quotes to ukrainian goods in eu , but ukrainian goods also can not compete with european , they only have wheat and natural resources to sell . 
  their tiny industry had to much ties with russia , old soviet factories like antonov , military ship docs and space . 
  as for the war , i think putin expected much greater support from ukrainian people , and if he could start rebellions all over south-eastern ukraine , i think he expected to form `` alternative ukraine '' from it . 
  but ukrainian people were too zombified by eu propaganda . 
  i 'm glad you admitted your weakness in arguments . 
  that will serve you a lesson for the future . 
  oh how could you guess ... 
  yes i 'm paid ... putin personally forced me to write all these comments ... 
  yes i still wait for reports / u/novemore claimed to seen . 
  maybe you have them ? 
  come on boy , i ca n't believe you 're that egotistical to think anyone would pay to change the very important opinion of you . 
  in reality nobody cares about minks for long time , but west can not just admit it because it would mean that west failed it . 
  nobody but ukrainians themselves destroy their country . 
  nobody forced them to chose eu agreement over agreement with russia , they all knew the consequences of this . 
  nobody forced them to revoke regional language law just after the coup . 
  nobody forced them to burn people alive in odessa . 
  nobody forced them to bomb civilians in donetsk . 
  nobody forced them to give nazi and gang groups weapons and call it `` volunteer battalions '' . 
   you can start with this to see how russia stole from romania . 
  it 's not `` stole '' , it 's your price for allying with hitler and invading ussr . 
   yes , what history taught us is that russians are brutal , opressive murderious animals who will occupy every single inch of your house . 
  the only thing that cames out of russia in these modern times is retarded videos of russian people , drivers and insane tolerance to vodka . 
  jut for the sake of history when your comments get deleted again, 
  but whatabout whatabouts ? 
  navalny gets most of money from crowdfunding , and suspension of his bank accounts by russia is indeed an undemocratic act . 
  but how does matter in our discussion ? 
  when link me unbiased articles about : 1 . 
  the establishment of blockade of railway by armed groups 2 . 
  corruption scandal when it turned out ukrainian government is buying coal in donbass while saying they buy it in rotterdam 3 . 
  attempts of kiev to deblock railway 4 . 
  development in last 2 days , when loyal to government forces demolished blockade and banned unauthorized crossing of front-line , and after that freight trains from donbass immediately started to carry goods to ukraine . 
  for the same reason usa sponsor opposition in russia ? 
  promoting interests ? 
  how does banning foreign financing of political parties correlate with plutocracy ? 
  [ minsk agreements ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minsk_ii#measures ) do n't imply osce observers on the border before ceasefire . 
  also , ukrainian side broke this article :  constitutional reform in ukraine , with a new constitution to come into effect by the end of 2015 , the key element of which is decentralisation ( taking into account peculiarities of particular districts of donetsk and luhansk oblasts , agreed with representatives of these districts ) , and also approval of permanent legislation on the special status of particular districts of donetsk and luhansk oblasts in accordance with the measures spelt out in the attached footnote , [ note 1 ] by the end of 2015 . 
  well it 's not a surprise , western politicians keep accusing russia in violating minsk agreements , meanwhile the only side not interested in minsk is ukraine . 
   russian speaking ukrainians e.g. 
  russians . 
  ahahaha i remember discussion with you about ukraine , it was so funny and showed your full incompetence and lack of knowledge . 
  do n't even try it again ) ) ), 
  if it 's not banned by your country laws , why should you punish anyone for doing it ? 
  western media do n't like reporting ukrainian corruption because it does n't fit into their agenda . 
  it 's not rude , it shows that ukrainian government does n't care about ukrainian economy and peoples ' wealth . 
   complies with the osce agreements again remind me what osce agreements russia did broke, 
   now , to see all the russia 's disgusting cynicism ,  the judge to `` fasten the leg next time '' . 
   the other judge nice equating russia and some retards on tv . 
  by your logic , i should call ukraine a nazi state because there 're nazis in ukraine . 
   other by private entities from open societies i fail to see the difference between russian and `` open societies ' '' elites . 
  both are closed clubs with some private activities we do n't know about . 
  jokes on you , it enough to buy golden colored option and stick apple logo on it, 
  it 's still a bad investment . 
  my comment makes sense if you want to spend your money the most effective way . 
  no , mortgage is actually giving you better living conditions , plus you always can sell your property after you paid for it , while used smartphones cost nothing . 
  also new 700 $ smartphone will not make your life that better . 
  what 's the point of buying high-end if you do n't have enough money ? 
  it 's not like they are super better than $ 100 ones , the only their advantage is better performance in games and maybe a bit better camera . 
  maybe contraception costs compared to average income ? 
  the orange banner at the second pick says `` xiaomi phones !, 
  hire purchase ! '' . 
  you know you 're fucked if you take a loan for xiaomi phone . 
  sometimes i think having bad roads is actually saving a lot of lives, 
  border of armenia is screwed up , there were no independent ukraine , georgia and armenia . 
  it 's not separatist when nato do it :d, 
  this conflict had and has nothing to do with russia vs. nato . 
  and so were transnistria , abkhasia and south ossetia before the west declared support for moldova and georgia . 
  i also like how they did n't mention strongest nato armies in europe : france , the uk and turkey . 
  there 's no such thing as the `` spirit and intent '' of an arms control treaty . 
  it 's just buzzwords and propaganda . 
   tangentially related : russia breaching missile treaty . 
  russia 's word does not seem to be worth the paper it is written on . 
   u.s. general says russia deploys cruise missile , threatens nato clickbait ?
