  also it can change your mind about the west, 
   we have many journalists and politicians who write and say critical things about our government . 
  and nothing happens to them . 
  what happened with buzina ? 
  yes it 's sad it did n't spread outside of ukraine, 
   most ukrainian sources have english version ( contrary to russian ) , there can i find 112 . ua in english ? 
  i would like to present [ this video ] ( https://112.ua/video/anatoliy-gricenko-vladimir-cybulko-i-oleg-zhdanov-v-programme-tizhden-vypusk-ot-02072017-241334.html ) to reddit audience, 
   unlike the `` huns '' in germany the mongols had a deep and lasting influence on the mentality of the early russian nation and it still shows today . 
  loooooooooooooool, 
   modern russian nationalism is entirely built on being the eurasian rival to europe loooooooooooooool, 
  ^ is that the most american comment in this thread ? 
  because everyone know usa is richer than russia, 
   you think russia would fuck with ukraine if they had nukes ? 
  i think not . 
  i think corrupt ukrainian military would sell nukes or nuclear materials to some bad guys , like they sold almost all their weapons . 
   iran getting nukes would balance out the middle east . 
  and if egypt and sa got them it would balance it even more . 
  iran , egypt and sa getting nukes would mean that religious states now have nukes . 
  religion is irrational . 
  therefore there 's a chance they will declare jihad on some country and nuke it . 
  or start shia-sunni war . 
  or their government collapse and islamists come to power . 
  or whatever . 
   look at pakistan/india them having nukes has basically stooped a war that was 100 % bound to happen but it did n't . 
  you mean , stopped a war for time ? 
  because it can break again in the future . 
  if india develops or buys effective anti-missile defense , they will be able to start a war . 
  and this will happen , as nuclear missiles are n't really updated , they are old and easy to detect , while anti-missile technologies develop rapidly . 
   as controversial as it is and as dumb as it sounds . 
  nukes have done more for world peace then anything ever . 
  maybe during the cold war , when both sides were symmetrical in their nuclear capabilities . 
  it does n't guaranty anything to the future . 
   nukes are the only weapon that was so insane that nobody dared to use it after 2 small ones were deployed . 
  again , because all sides managed to develop symmetrical nuclear capabilities . 
  it can change in the future with progress in technologies . 
  yeah , you have guys who trust any information you write them in facebook, 
  ukraine already accused russia in all possible sins , firing a few missiles wo n't change anything, 
  the thing is , you can not just say `` hey , germany , japan and korea are good nations , let they have nukes ! '' . 
  this will lead to iran , saudi arabia , egypt , turkey , vietnam , indonesia , ukraine ect ect ect desiring their own nukes . 
  all this countries are able to develop nukes on their own , or buy them in pakistan or north korea . 
  i think the only good scenario for eu would be france producing more nukes on eu money . 
  it means that ukraine has extremely low journalism standards ( even lower than russia ) , and most of english language ukrainian-made news sites are run by unprofessionals and propagandists . 
  all they do is translating ukrainian and russian language blogs and present it like `` expert '' opinion . 
  i agree with your about non-sharp borders , so it would be more correctly to mark civilization centers and influenced territories rather than geographical parts of europe . 
  triggering one more arms race is n't the best future . 
  inf , start and abm treaties exist for good reasons, 
  you see `` ua '' in the hostname , you throw the site into trash . 
  no , not really . 
  imaginary . 
  how could i mistook . 
  in kazakhstan , it can get to 40 degrees in the summer and -40 degrees in the winter, 
  who is bitching about the 90s ? 
  it 's just a * fact * that 90s were n't good times in russia . 
  stop projecting you ill mind on others, 
  says who ? 
  define major violence all caucasus was in war , civil wars in central asia , war in chechnya , ossetia-ingushetia war , transniatria war . 
  also current civil war in ukraine has its roots in 1990s . 
  basically any possible ethnic conflicts happened, 
  i agree . 
  such people should be shot without a court . 
  like nazis did with jew-commies, 
  gaidar 's opinion is hardly relevant because he was illusioned idealist and believed in magic market 's hand, 
   georgia has n't done too bad either if you exclude the conflict with russia . 
  ayyy lmao georgia literally had a civil war just after dissolution of ussr . 
  they also banned any trade with russia back in 90s , and yeah , this killed all georgian industry . 
  a lot of georgians prefered to move to russia . 
  after 30 years of independence , one of the richest and developed soviet republics turned into one of the poorest and undeveloped , population shrinked , industry does n't exist . 
  only an insane person would say georgia profited from dissolution, 
  1990 was already after failed perestroika, 
  i agree . 
  actaully 90s were good and quiet times with low crime rates https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_federal_subjects_of_russia_by_murder_rate, 
  dunno , there were homeless drug addicted kids all over russian cities , was is a thing in estonia ? 
  yeah , because western germany sure has more in common with hungary than with the netherlands , right ? 
  i think he described a situation in which russia will openly intervene in ukraine . 
  '' \u0412\u0432\u044f\u0437\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f '' can also mean diplomatic or humanitarian support ... which russia never denyed, 
  and french royal family was murdered in paris . 
  do n't go to paris !, 
  wtf are you talking about , \u043f\u0438\u043f\u0438\u0441\u043a\u0430 ? 
  this does n't explain why latin america is more gay friendly than russia while being poorer, 
   russian october revolution how did october revolution became russian ? 
  well , actually `` eastern europe '' was the most popular just after the fall of ussr [ google ngram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kjidfvo.png ), 
  but dude , these days people do n't work all day with rustic tools . 
  at least in russia . 
  so far ukrainians did n't show photos of relevant pages of his documents . 
  why ? 
  then polan should be sarmatostan, 
  looks more like hackers had ukrainian email database to spam them with plagued mails, 
  russians are behind everything . 
  even behind your door . 
  right now . 
  i 'll wait until ukraine publishes photage of topless putin shooting rpg from his riding bear, 
  just official governmental newspaper '' \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0433\u0430\u0437\u0435\u0442\u0430 '' is enought . 
  propaganda articles does n't count, 
  because they are located in rather isolated place far from city center, 
  t.expert in russian law, 
  what 's wrong with telegram app ? 
  your definitelly should look for putin under your bed . 
  i 'd advise you to hit a wall with your head . 
  at first , it will hurt , but then you 'll get better . 
  this subreddit has suffered enough from your comments , this time we should act early !,
