  where 're courts and compensations ? 
  low emission = !, 
  developed country . 
  i 'm sure poor african countries do n't emit anything compared to developed . 
  look at population change of lithuania , latvia , romania and bulgaria . 
  look at level change of industrialization of these countries . 
  the better measurement would be emission per gdp ppp or emission per tons of produced goods or something . 
   hitler hitler hitler hitler hitler hitler that 's all you can say : stupid and invalid historical `` analogies '' . 
  the most american president on the earth !, 
  ~ ~ it ~ ~ he 's huge !, 
  yes , i mean kievan rus . 
  i think medievel is more correct term because kiev was n't always a center of this civilization , and it also gives clear time reference ( while `` ancient rus '' do not ) . 
  i think the reason for expansive agriculture was low population density and constant expansion of borders . 
  care to provide arguments for your statement ? 
  i think it 's incorrect to call them leftovers of mongol invasion . 
  mongol empire ceased to exits centuries before kalmyks migrated to european steppes . 
  actually kalmyks migrated to this territory in 17th century, 
  you do n't really need any advanced machinery for agriculture . 
  tractors are the same in every country and ukraine does n't have problems with tractors . 
  the chose of winter wheat is natural in a climate with short agricultural season . 
  actually british isles are much better for agriculture than ukraine ... 
  actually is opposite . 
  the better land for agriculture , the less people are needed as peasants , the more people can go to cities and became workers . 
  it was the key factor for development in the middle ages : the better the land - the more food can be sold to towns by local feudals - the more money feudals have - the more powerful army can be paid . 
  that was the main reason why medievel rus was never on the same level of development as medievel western europe . 
  for example , in rus , peasants could get like 3-4 sacks of wheat from 1 , and in northern italy of france it could be easy 10-15 sacks from 1 . 
  what they have is huge size of that land and relatively low population , so 55 % of their territory is cultivated . 
  but the productivity is low . 
  here 's the interesting map : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/wheatyield.png, 
  quality of soil is just one of the factors for agriculture - but long winters and lack of precipitation will compensate it . 
  it 's a myth that ukrainian land is the most productive in europe . 
  they will never beat italy or france in it . 
  do you still use nokia phones ? 
  yeah . 
  because russian government is behind literally every single anti-western article in the internet . 
  and those who do n't agree with it are all russian paid trolls . 
  fucking russian hackers turn people into nazis and then blame them for it ! 11, 
  it 's not in his interests . 
  putin desperately wants sanction lifted , but russia does n't really have anything to offer . 
  how does my flag matter in the discussion ? 
  you have a point ? 
  go away then . 
  eu countries should first get rid of cia spies snowden reported about . 
  but this will never happen because eu is not a country and usa will use all their opportunities to bring disagreement among eu countries if they ever try to oppose usa . 
   there is no space to put whole article in the title . 
  there 's enough space to leave the original title . 
   maybe that they are ( acording to this article and people who voted it ) not as good for raising children or maybe the article and their methods are shit and do n't represent the majority of people living in these countries . 
  it 's as effective as making a poll among certain group of people - not effective at all , against all statistical methods . 
   do n't be so butthurt about it . 
  i 'm butthurt because you bring this shit article here not because some countries were n't in the list . 
  the title is edited and is misleading . 
  the original title is :  these are the 19 best countries for raising a family , as voted by expats  as voted by expats this explains why countries such as mexico or philippines are in the list while developed countries such as switzerland , uk or italy are not . 
  funny thing nemtsov was christian and advocated transiting churches to \u0420\u041f\u0426 property while now `` liberal opposition '' oppose it . 
   why is alienating a portion of your own population , your own countrymen such an accepted thing in russia ? 
  because this very same portion of our own population considers the rest of the country `` bydlo '' and `` pidorahi '' . 
  the same portion applauded to 90s and privatization . 
  boris nemtsov himself was a man who destroyed russian energy industry because of his incompetence . 
  yeah it 's also pointless to count number of troops without counting arms they have . 
  he was prominent among tiny percent of population 2 . 
  i bet more people disliked him than liked . 
  nato drew first blood by bombing of serbia and then continued by iraqi invasion . 
  wow it 's so cool to respond in russian so nobody will understand and downvote you . 
  yeah yeah nato totally did n't bitch about iskander missiles in kaliningrad . 
  because accepting lgbt rights is not basic humanity . 
  ( or you 're saying the `` west '' was inhuman just like 30 years ago ? ), 
  if accepting homosexualism and gay-marriage are considered `` western values '' , does it mean that `` the west '' was n't `` western '' and had `` backward views '' 30 years ago ? 
  nobody is interested in your statements . 
  you do not contribute to discussion . 
  downvote . 
  i think there 're some laws about official debates on central channels . 
  at least they had to invite maltsev during parliament campain . 
  do n't know anything about turkey , but russia is literally governed by the same people for the last 20 years . 
  doubt it 's the same in hungary or romania, 
  both bosnians and tatars live on their own land with their own government . 
  it 's totally different from muslims imported from me . 
  yeah it would be better to leave ukraine to poland or turkey because ukrainians are poles and turks . 
  absolutely not like population of ukraine viewed themselves as russians before soviet times . 
  well okay , you can argue that ukrainian nation formed in austrian part of ukraine during 19th century , but then the border of german occupation during ww1 have nothing to do with ethnic border between russians and ukrainians . 
  but there 're also countries with bad education & good democracy , like latin american countries , india , indonesia , papua new guinea , philippines , some african countries . 
  you can not just say that they are outlets . 
  i also think the population size matter : both india and china are huge and both are against assumed correlation . 
  but the problem is that there 's no even correlation between education and democracy - there 're countries in all 4 categories ( good education & good democracy , good education & bad democracy , bad education & good democracy , bad education & bad democracy ) . 
  and , unlike correlation , un-correlation certainly means there 's no causation . 
  countries like china or singapore also have the best education , but they are not democracies at all . 
  where 's your own `` critical thinking '' now ? 
  ukrainian side complained that they can not respond to grad strikes because they 're located near civilians - but grads are essentially hit-and-run weapons , and it makes no sense to fire back to them - they are probably long gone . 
  but tanks near frontline ( they were n't on storage depo ) are potential targets for artillery and grads . 
  therefore if separatists try to shell them - they will damage civilians too . 
  commentators under `` civilian shield '' article compared separatist tactics to palestinian tactics , where palestinians purposefully fire from schools and hospitals and then , after respond-strike from israel , claim that israeli kill civilians . 
  but i think that putting tanks just next to civilian houses is much more similar to palestinian tactics than firing grad 500m from a school . 
  i do n't think reporting facts should be considered as having a bias , even if these facts are pro- or anti- something . 
  even reporting facts supporting only one side should n't be considered as a bias ( because it 's possible that another side do n't give any information or it 's impossible to confirm/disprove their own statements ) until it 's proven that anti-facts were known but omitted . 
  but the choice of words and titles absolutely should be considered as a bias . 
  bellingcat chose two different titles for two really similar situations , and this makes me think that they want to support ukraine rather than honestly report facts . 
  well the report i linked says they are not empty . 
  that 's why i posted it . 
  it also contains photos from separatist drones , so separatists know positions of ukrainian military . 
  is n't it exactly what called `` human shield '' ? 
  i seriously doubt this hypermarket still works . 
  by submitting this article , i actually try to prove that bellingcat can not be concidered an unbiased source .
