  nobody knows what happened with romanian golden national treasures, 
  he does n't want . 
  he is from the eu , the best union of glorious european states and liberal democracies , and nato , the best defensive alliance in the history of the humankind . 
  slovakia is the superpower as a part of the eu , and superpowers do n't care about barbarians around it . 
  how is atheism a western thing if the most important western country is religious ? 
  why do you think youtube host only bad documentaries ? 
  if it was bbc , would you trust it ? 
  \\  appeal to reputation you must be a troll, 
  how do you explain that more rich and developed countries tend to be more `` equal '' than poor and undeveloped ? 
  did you even open a link ? 
  it 's a documentary film, 
  all these who advocates for `` gender equal societies '' are exactly the same type of people as were nazis , communists , ect ect ect , they all invent `` an ideal world '' in their heads and try to enforce all people to follow it . 
  but science in russia does n't make money . 
  quite opposite , russian scientists are poor . 
  wtf ? 
  i thought he is in prison right noe . 
  yeah and also africa is poor as fuck , while this stuff would cost a lot , also sunlight is bad for plastic and this device may have problems with ooverheating, 
  i would n't say belarus is that poor , they are in the same category with the rest of eastern europe , like poland , russia , baltic states , ect ect , while ukraine is in failed state category , together with moldova and kosovo . 
  life in these categories is completely different , as i said , it 's like comparing quality of life in russia and germany . 
  democracy means less in such case , because rampant corruption in ukraine affect an average citizen far greater than authoritarianism affect average belorussian . 
  well i am talking on the scale , and scale is that belarus is 2-3 times richer than ukraine . 
  it 's the scale already . 
  and even posted another scale so it would be easier to understand the scale for you . 
  i literally did everything i could to illustrate that the difference between ukraine and belarus is not `` slightly '' . 
  i just want to be precise, 
  2-3 times is not `` slighly '' . 
  it like the difference between russia and germany . 
  but ukraine and moldova are 2-3 times poorer than belarus . 
   the kremlin has also released this hilarious video false . 
  it was n't kremlin but some user . 
  you should read more us official documents . 
  many of them are the same quality , just as [ this comment ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/66g0yj/estonia_the_little_spycatcher_who_could_every/dgig14i/ ) stated . 
  of course it 's propaganda ! 11 ) ) ) most of people in ussr lived in self-made wooden houses , only after 1991 people started to move into cities ! 1 ( god bless america and capitalism ! 1 ) these photos you see is a house for very very rich people , like highest party officials and their families . 
  photos are also edited to look more sunny , because actually there were no sun in ussr ! 1, 
  good , compared to 25k in 12m moscow , it 's quite a lot, 
  i do n't get . 
  according to screenshots posted here several days ago , the site is using google analytics as well . 
  are they angry about russian web tracing but okay with american one ? 
  why ? 
  if i were a citizen of hungary , i would be more angrier on american one , because russia has almost zero power projection on hungary , while usa may use political pressure to extradite you from hungary if they do n't like you . 
  that 's not surprising ; i actually reduced official title of nikolay ii to current size of russia , 
   tsar of chersonese taurian, 
  vladimir tavricheskiy , emperor and autocrat of all russia , moscow , vladimir , novgorod ; tsar of kazan , tsar of astrakhan , tsar of siberia , tsar of chersonese taurian ; lord of pskov and grand prince of smolensk , karelia , tver , yugorsky land , perm , vyatka , bolgar and others ; lord and grand prince of nizhny nogorod , ryazan , rostov , yaroslavl , belozersk , udorsky land , obdorsk , kondia , and all of the northern countries master ; and kabardia lands ; circassian and mountainous princes and their hereditary lord and owner ; and others , and others , and others . 
   stalin was preparing for his own conquest of europe , considering how many troops he had amassed at the german border even before the preparations for barbarossa were put in place . 
  suvorov memes from the beginning ) ) ) ) ), 
  it 's not that cold - you can see liquid water in photos, 
  shiet , i actually wanted to point out that he used same letter for \u0435 and \u044d . 
  they used latin for less than 20 years . 
  before the 1930s , most of people were illiterate in these countries , so they actually did n't knew any of alphabets . 
  russian language and culture were spread mostly because russian was de-facto lingua franca in ussr . 
  even you managed to fuck up with e , it should be `` jeto '' , `` djelo '' and `` privy\u010dkje '' . 
  just admit it , the current system with 10 vowels and the soft sigh is beautiful , the latin alphabet simply does n't have enough letters . 
  no it does n't . 
  people do n't chose their vacation based on alphabet , investors do n't care about alphabet in their investments , all business is already in english . 
  kazakh language is too different to understand for westerners . 
  only other turkic people will be happy , but i would n't call is `` open their culture to the west '' . 
  it would make much more sense to just use english everywhere , build more infrastructure , like airports . 
  cyrillic is a `` european alphabet '' as well, 
  how can such minor shit like alphabet `` open their culture to the west '' ? 
  it 's not like most of people in kazakhstan do n't know latin script already . 
  how is georgian script is different from cyrillic in this regard ? 
  it 's the same derivative from greek . 
  and i think you do n't understand how the chinese language and their writing system functions ... also you can fuck off with your racist standardization . 
  you do n't even use , unlike russians , metric system in aviation , navy ect ect ect . 
  so before making such statements , standardizate your own ass . 
  yes i am triggered by your ignorant attitude . 
   just add diacritics . 
  but diacritics are cancer . 
  they are too hard to read . 
  it 's easier to just use cyrillic for our languages . 
  no dude , latin is the holy western and the only good democratic and liberal alphabet , it can not be forced ! 11, 
   before that they 've used latin alphabet to give more perspective , they used latin only in 1929-1940 , before that they 've used arabic script . 
   what makes you think they are n't being honest here ? 
  i think i already explained it , but okay . 
  they reacted only after their fuck up was publicly revealed 2 . 
  their reaction is kinda crappy since it 's hard to not find evidences of the group being in crimea . 
  i mean that people are n't honest sometimes . 
   it does n't change the fact that they have a problem with this visit it 's not the fact , it just words they said after it was publicly revealed . 
  actually , no . 
  because ural ends in the south before reaching russia-kazakhstan border . 
  kazakhstan 's europe-asia border is just an imagine line in the eurasian steppe . 
  yeah , after shariy video became popular , they of course had to react . 
  but i do n't believe this :  in the case of a member of the russian show comedy woman , who held a concert on march 30 in kiev , at the state border guard service was not conclusive evidence that yumoristka visits annexed crimea in violation of the rules established by ukraine . 
  because it 's an attempt to justify their own fuck up . 
  they also had enough `` conclusive evidence '' on yulia despite both `` conclusive evidences '' are youtube videos and instagram posts . 
   but they are a far cry from their terrorist infested southern neighbours afghanistan and pakistan in terms of stability . 
  but they are also far cry from their more russified northern neighbor kazakhstan . 
  just admit your loss as an honest person . 
  no need to be a clown . 
  your immigration service do n't care about these nice people before it comes to politics . 
  well maybe his subscribers did it . 
  it does n't matter . 
   why do you always this was my first link to shariy . 
  you 're wrong again . 
  how exactly it has anything to do with shariy personality ? 
  he was just the one who discovered it and made a video . 
  no dude , you simply can not deny easy checkable facts, 
   according to some kremlin troll shariy you are free to check their instagram by yourself . 
   video thats unavailable [ here , enjoy . 
  it also has english subs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyd5wfnwkya )  ok . . thanks for laugh thanks for showing you 're a clown who will deny everything that does n't fit to your agenda .
