   he did n't say anything to media , `` anonymous friend '' did . 
  oh , i did n't notice that in the article . 
  but this makes the story even more suspicious . 
   the article mentioned he asked for help from committee for torture prevention , they could show him photos for identification of previously known torturers serving locally . 
  okay , but the article says that it was in march 21 , i.e. 
  today , and the article was published at 11:01 . 
  i do n't know , but ot seem were strange too : let 's imagine the committee start to work at 7:00 , how many time it would get to identify these people and than phone call your friend and tell him all the details including surnames of the agents , and then for the friend to call to media-zone and tell them whole story in details ? 
  also is it the site site of this committee ? 
  http://pytkam.net/o-komitete.obschaya-infomacia if so , then i find strange he came to them , because they focus on nizhniy novgorod and some other regions . 
  but yes , they claim to have an office in moscow with 2 people in it - would it be enough to collect images of all fsb agents ? 
  i doubt . 
   people are quite careless on social media , even if they work in fsb . 
  just search for your local ( police ) district , look at the faces . 
  fsb does n't have local district sites with faces of agents . 
   and forced to write a note that he is willing to work for fsb as an informant . 
  he identified one fsb officer and an anti-extremism police officer among the torturers really ? 
  not that i want to play devil 's advocate , but these details seem made up . 
  why would they force him to became fsb informant ? 
  how was he able to identify officers ? 
  did he know them before or what ? 
  something is not clear in this story , and there 're also no confirmations apart from articles on russian opposition sites ( which is not good source of information ) . 
  i do n't understand why would this student write about it to media , but do n't write anything in his social media and make a couple of photos of himself . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  these eyewitnesses were n't even collected by officials , lmao just admit that you tried to made shit up . 
  why are you talking about officials when i said eyewitnesses ? 
  is blaming everything on the russians also the national character of estonians ? 
  yeah it 's interesting that there 're thousands eyewitnesses of massacres committed by nazis in belarus , and not a single one eyewitness of massacres by rkka or nkvd . 
   russians probably did n't use bombs , did n't shell anything , did n't even shoot or destroy infrastructure , needed for survival , while they retreated . 
  such a good guys these russians are . 
  first of all , rkka and soviet union were not russian , in fact ( i think well known to you ) , russians made only about 60 % of soviet population in 1939 , so it 's unfair to attribute soviet achievements only to russians . 
  second , most of civilians in belarus died because of nazi atrocities , and not because of combat in civilian areas . 
  yeah , nazis were so kind and mercy to oppressed by bolsheviks belorussians , that they killed around 30 % of belorussians, 
   by claiming that irreligious people are irrational or that life for them is irrational ... that 's not exactly that i said . 
  what i try to argue is that * all * people are irrational , religious or not . 
   why should i care ? 
  well , that 's perfectly fine irrational position - nothing to be ashamed of . 
  [ moscow is not as flat as you may think . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wb4ehuw.jpg ) add trees and buildings to the picture , moscow was surrounded by forest back in 1940s, 
  maybe he was metaphorical, 
  [ it 's false . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_moscow )  on 2 december a reconnaissance battalion came to the town of khimki -- some 18 km ( 11 mi ) away from the kremlin in central moscow reaching its bridge over the moscow-volga canal as well as its railway station . 
  this marked the farthest advance of german forces on moscow . 
  lmao germans never entered the city , and were able to see kremlin only from aircraft . 
   your religiously indoctrinated mindset how is my mindset `` religiously indoctrinated '' ? 
   other people see a reason to live by default . 
  i do n't , and so were and are many others . 
   all creatures live . 
  that 's the whole point of life . 
  yet god is an invention . 
  no no no , what 's the * rational * point of life ? 
  because living because you can is irrational . 
  it does n't follows from any logically correct reasoning . 
   next you 'll say religion is pointless and prove my point ... 
  i never said religion has any point , nor claimed opposite . 
   i do n't think you understand what those words mean . 
  then tell me what you do imply by `` rational '' . 
  haha , i actually asked my question to detect people like you , to detect ignorant people who even refuse to discourse and think about the problem . 
  if anything , you 're much closer to classical religious mindset than i , because you just state dogmas and throw insults on those who do n't follow them . 
  but your point is n't * rational * . 
  your statements are just like axioms with no arguments to support them . 
  like :  because life on earth is the only chance we get for living how do you know ? 
  what if some kind of reincarnation exists ? 
  it 's not rational to assume it . 
   so better spend ... again , it 's just your personal irrational preference . 
   if life has no meaning , the meaning is what you give it . 
  but this means that our lifes are irrational . 
  but your will to live is irrational , because there 's no point of life . 
  your will is as irrational as a will of a religious person to believe in god . 
  your family feelings do n't matter too , because their lives are as pointless as your life . 
  arguing with religious people does n't help too , because this argue is pointless too and therefore irrational . 
  so , by even not committing suicide , you make yourself irrational . 
  if you 're so rational , what do you think is the reason not to commit a suicide ? 
  because you know , we all are just tiny bits of matter in the infinite universe , so all our lives are pointless . 
  there 's no reason to to live , at least by committing a suicide , we will explore something new , we will know first handed what happens with our minds when we die . 
  ayn rand counted as russian really cringed me, 
  he also forgot like half of europe, 
  good genes , very good genes , ok , very smart, 
  i do n't know any eastern european country beside poland that banned abortions, 
  more ukrainians fought in the red army against hitler than collaborated with him, 
  i like how cases from your links got zero evidences of russia involved . 
  so basically swedish line : shit happened , we suspect russia , no proofs , but let 's blame russia anyway . 
  we are too lazy to add eyes ), 
  ussr was an experiment too ... 
   latvia continued to exist legally not more legally than yanukovich is legal president of ukraine . 
   no they were n't . 
  tovarish in denial, 
  compensations and repression museums are on paper now ? 
   soviets invaded again when nazis lost the war stop this bs plz . 
  latvian did not existed under nazi occupation , ussr invaded occupied by nazi territory , not latvia . 
  or should they just left this territory occupied ? 
  nobody pretends everything is fine . 
  compensations for victims are paid . 
  names of nkvd agents has nothing to do with rehabilitation . 
  admitting = !, 
  reparations . 
   are you saying that russians admit :  causing artificial famine in ukraine with millions deaths . 
  how is it described in russian school books ? 
   signing molotov-ribbentrop pact and occupation of poland . 
  what do russian pupils study on history lessons about this ? 
   occupation of estonia , latvia and lithuania , mass deportations there .
