  then crimea was okay because you know , just ethnic russians, 
  because it means that there are no excuses for the actions of the british empire to be treated different from nazi germany . 
  but that famine affected not only ukraine . 
  it was also in russian south and kazakhstan . 
   why are n't we calling the us european ? 
  you sure can do it . 
  call anyone like you want , but be ready to be misunderstood . 
   they are celebrating oktoberfest and st patrick 's day which makes them more german and irish but not european . 
   because there never really was enough european thought in russian identity define `` european '' . 
  because the whole narrative of `` europe '' being cold war allies of the usa is very new , not more than 50-60 years old . 
   the russian people did n't really care for all that shit . 
  european culture was always detached from the normal russian daily life . 
  why do you think poor norse or spanish peasants cared about `` european culture '' ? 
  or bulgarian and romanian peasants ? 
  what makes them more `` european '' than russians ? 
   after the tsar era we got a few decades worth of marxism/leninism/stalinism . 
  not very european again . 
  how it 's not european ? 
  i thought mass killing and genocide is pretty european , because your beloved germans and americans were so successful in it . 
   i actually would conclude that we gladly can accept georgia , azerbaijan , armenia , uzbekistan and the other * stans into the eu someday , because they are as european as russia . 
  they were part of russia . 
  so they must be somehow also part of europe . 
  i agree . 
  you also should accept most of the world because most of the world were colonies of different `` european '' countries . 
  nigeria is `` european '' because is was british colony . 
  they are also 40 % christians . 
   wars of conquests  ask georgia and ukraine as to how those are getting on . 
  if georgia and ukraine were `` wars of conquest '' , then why do they still exist ? 
  that 's the problem with all these indexes - they often mean nothing and made the way authors want them to make , without any serious meaning . 
  all they do is comparing apples and oranges and then pack it in a fancy pdf file and make nice-looking maps . 
  not to say they often fail to find creditable data for all countries and have to resort in `` estimates '' based on their asses opinion about said country . 
  that 's why only maps that matter are gdp ppp per capita , murder rate , life expectancy and other core indicators that can be measured directly . 
  that 's exactly why i did n't mention karelia in my previous post . 
  also `` ingrian independence movement '' existed only in the internet , but at least i 've heard about them, 
  every politician they do n't like is pro-russian . 
  because russia is the source of everything bad in ukraine . 
  it 's actually russia force ukrainian politicians to be corrupt . 
  most of these `` movements '' in russian populated areas of caucasus exists only in author 's head . 
  i 've never heard about any separatist movements in voronezh , rostov and krasnodar . 
  other than that , it seems like author just looked up national republics in russia , even thought many of them never had any separatists , like udmurtia , mari el , chuvashia , mordovia , komi republic and northern ossetia . 
   ussr did n't have any other non-warsaw pact countries bordering them during the cold war . 
  turkey , iran , afghanistan , mongolia , china , north korea and japan would disagree . 
   second of all , if i look at the the disinformation review of the european union , i looked to the first article from your link , and found :  the current russian leadership describes the ussr as the only winner over nazi germany , no source of this obviously false claim . 
   it is even illegal to recall that adolf hitler and joseph stalin were allies at the beginning of world war ii . 
  false , the case was about a dude denying results of the nuremberg trial . 
   german authorities were accused of supporting fascists tendencies -- despite the fact that german polls show that the number of people sympathizing with neo-nazism is decreasing . 
  false logic - dmitry kiselev accused german authorities , not german people , then why did they posted poll 's results ? 
  should i even continue ? 
  maybe just your search history ... 
  what 's the point of having vocative not for given names ? 
  it 's not considered grammatical case , but it 's very widespread . 
  you say it like russian themselves do n't use vocative sometimes . 
  it 's says eda , or european defense agency , which includes most of eu members . 
  i 'd also add to the equation that different countries have different defense conceptions . 
  ex-warsaw pact and some nato members still operate soviet or russian made tech , which was designed for ww3 rather than blitskrieg-like operations of nato against weak enemies or low intensity guerrilla war . 
   russia repaid us by calling for nato & the imf 's dissolution . 
   russia repaid us by propping up two authoritarian regimes as they waged proxy wars against us in iraq , and then by invading georgia . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  iraq was not supported by russia , quite contrary - russia offered assistance . 
  but nato did n't agreed and instead withdrawed from anti-ballistic missile treaty - wow such a good diplomacy move !, 
  and then started to support regimes hostile to russia, 
  too much propaganda in one video . 
  it leaves an impression that `` caucasus emirate '' was or is a real organisation with its own territory , while in reality it never existed outside of terrorists 's claims . 
  it gives an impression that there 's a kind of anti-russian unity among north caucasus people , which is completely false . 
  in fact , even inside ethnicities , they are divided by clans ( yes , it 's 21st century and they still have clans ) . 
  and this division is actively exploited by russian politics . 
  their economical fail is , indeed , caused by corruption and cronyism . 
  but what alternative do they have ? 
  do they have another elites ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  all their educated people fled away to the west or russia . 
  thus any instability will only lead to terrorist rise . 
   by eu countries ftfy, 
   you know that in russia the standards of living are very similar to poland , right ? 
  they manage to cope . 
  why ca n't poland ? 
  because russia has shitons of resources to sell , but poland does n't, 
  \u0415\u0434\u0438\u043d\u043e\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0439 ( jedinoli\u010dnyj ) means `` sole '' or `` individual '' in russian . 
  while monotonous is `` monotonnyj '' or `` jedinoobraznyj '', 
  they are mostly private . 
  it 's like literally translating english to russian - you know all words , but you do n't know how to connect them . 
  or maybe you clearly understood that '' \u043d\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0440 \u043e\u0442 \u0438\u043d\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0443\u043a\u0446\u0438\u0438 '' means ? 
  do you know what '' \u0437\u0430 \u0434\u0430 \u0441\u0435 '' means ? 
  because i do n't and i can not guess . 
  and it clearly makes it easier to understand . 
  in bulgarian , you know all meaningful words and zero connections between them . 
   as far as pronunciation and grammar go , ukrainian and belorussian are of course much closer to russian than bulgarian is . 
  well maybe that 's the point . 
  while both belorussian and ukrainian are easy to guess . 
   it claimed that despite the usual russian claims ( '' russian is the most slavic language '' , '' the oldest slavic language '' , none of these are `` usual russian claims '' '' ukrainian and belarusian are not even proper languages but dialects of russian '' , etc ) russian academy of sciences admitted that ukrainian and belorussian are separate from russian in the end of 19th century  the reality is that ukrainian and belarusian are more slavic than russian define `` more slavic ''  and they are also more similar with each other than with russian . 
  it 's a well known scientific fact  russian language used to have a lot of words of uralic , finnic and mongol/tatar origin till a few hundred years ago . 
  russian , ukrainian and belorussian language still have a lot of words of turkic origin , because eastern slavs contacted with various turkic nomads since they settled in territory of modern russia , ukraine and belarus . 
   as it expanded to the south and west , where the slavic element was far more dominant , the language started to lose some of the initial words and use more slavic words . 
  the people in northern rusia ( north of moscow ) used to have real issues trying to communicate with those from the new territories in the south . 
  just fantasies of the author  in order to fix that , the language was submitted to several '' uniformizations '' over time uniformizations of language happens not to fix certain words , but to make people of one country easier to understand each other . 
  dictionaries and official language institutions are important part of any country . 
   making the slavic element far more present than in the past and removing a good part of the other linguistic elements , especially the mongol/tatar elements . 
  first of all , mongol and tatar languages are not the same , they are , in fact , very different from each other , it 's just happened that in russian language the mongol yoke is usually called `` tatar-mongol yoke '' , thus leading to misunderstanding . 
  second , nobody never tried to remove turkic words from russian , it 's simply impossible without inventing hundreds of new words . 
   it was during the past 100-200 years ( russian empire and ussr ) that the languages got even closer due to the russification practiced at times .
