  but of course they all were killed by bloody kremlin , right ? 
  yeah if you knew russian language you would know there 're a lot of them, 
  you are seek . 
  go see a doctor , you need help . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  ukraine is playing dirty while pretending they are modern pro-western progressive democracy . 
  all articles i linked are from western sources . 
  stop this bs, 
  why do you like to play stupid so much ? 
  how is russian tv relevant in this question ? 
  it 's just well known ( well , maybe less know in the west due to pro-ukrainian propaganda ) facts : 1 . 
  ukraine suppress opposition journalists . 
  source : http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/ukrainealert/something-is-very-wrong-in-kyiv 2 . 
  ukraine banned some of most popular sites just because they are russian . 
  source : http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21722360-blocking-websites-may-be-pointless-it-could-help-president-poroshenkos-popularity-ukraine 3 . 
  ukraine gave weapons to neo-nazis thugs without any checks just because these neo-nazis were anti-russian . 
  source : https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-tornado-battalion-rogue-paramilitaries-kyiv-trial-crimes/28205795.html 4 . 
  ukraine lied about not trading with separatists before nationalists physically blocked trains from donbas . 
  source : http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/mar/9/ukraine-coal-blockades-fuel-nationalist-tensions/ and these are just 4 facts , while there 're many more . 
   the symbol was revived in russia in 2005 as a response to the pro-democratic orange revolution in ukraine . 
  another bs . 
  or more exactly , it 's just an opinion of some russian opposition journalists . 
  from the same wiki :  yulia latynina and other journalists have speculated the russian government introduced the ribbon as a public relations response to the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine in which demonstrators had adopted orange ribbons as their symbol . 
   they were introduced by putin in 2005 to allegedly show support for the victoy day of russia ( the day soviets defeated nazis ) . 
  initially , it was purely people 's symbol , and the ribbon was distributed by volunteers as a symbol of remembrance . 
  wait , so house of commons is secretly communist ? 
   russia internet usage - 73.4 % , france - 84.7 % , germany - 87.6 % , estonia - 88.4 % . 
  so , it is truth , not false . 
  73 % is not `` very small '' compared to ~ 85 % . 
   care to explain ? 
  should i ? 
  you just make false conclusion from false statement . 
   when i am in the middle of nowhere in estonia then i have 4g internet . 
  how come ? 
  how come the way to my dacha is longer than the way from one border of estonia to another ? 
  how can you seriously compare tiny and populated estonia to huge and unpopulated russia ? 
  if you have numbers of mobile internet coverage by percentage of population - present them . 
  if not - do n't make such claims . 
   `` nginx software , inc '' is an american company . 
  we are not talking about ethnicity here . 
  okay  i saw only once that someone used kaspersky and it was in a `` russian-employees-only company '' in latvia . 
  not an argument . 
   i never heard of `` doctorweb '' no need to play an idiot . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  why do you measure it development in exports , when european it is not even able to success in european market ? 
  russian it at least hold huge american corporations out of russian speaking segment , something european it was n't able to do . 
   [ do you have any proof ? 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/098/099/40b.jpg ), 
  i named abbyy because it 's more successful abroad . 
  of course there 're larger companies like yandex and mail.ru group , but they are more russia oriented . 
   relatively very small share of russian population uses internet compared to european countries false . 
  you 're incompetent and like to make bold claims . 
   so there is a smaller incentive in russia for the local it development . 
  false again . 
   also , russia is very badly covered with mobile internet false . 
  even my dacha in the middle of nowhere is covered by 3g . 
  also , mobile intrenet = !, 
  it  which russian it products do you know that are exported to any other european union country ? 
  why do you measure it development in exports , when european it is not even able to success in european market ? 
  russian it at least hold huge american corporations out of russian speaking segment , something european it was n't able to do . 
  from internationally successful companies : mostly cyber-security , kaspersky and doctorweb . 
  nginx was developed by russians . 
  abbyy is russian . 
   does russia export more it products than european countries in your opinion ? 
  at least in software , russia is in top-10 exporters . 
  everything is joke for you, 
  russian it is easily better than any european country , except maybe uk . 
  they are , but please do it the way not to fool other people, 
  wait , do you really claim that tornado abatalion crimes are russian propaganda ? 
  are you real ? 
  i linked to wikipedia because it has a lot of link to ukrainian sources , you 're free to explore them, 
  it 's not my definition , it 's from wikipedia if the law is not enforced , it is not the law , and there 's nothing wrong in braking it . 
  russia is able to enforce the law , while ukraine can not . 
  i 've seen countless times how people edit their comments to change the original meaning and make commenters look bad or stupid . 
  no you can not because russia will punish you for doing so . 
  ukraine , on the other hand , is not able to enforce this law on whole it 's territory , meaning that this `` law '' miss a very important pact from its definition :  law is a binding custom or practice of a community ; a rule or mode of conduct or action that is prescribed or formally recognized as binding by a supreme controlling authority or ** is made obligatory by a sanction ( as an edict , decree , rescript , order , ordinance , statute , resolution , rule , judicial decision , or usage ) made , recognized , or enforced by the controlling authority **, 
  that was n't addressed to you personally . 
  every country has stupid laws and there 's nothing wrong in breaking them . 
  updating a comment :   there 're same stories about torture by ukrainian `` volunteer battalions '' aka neo-nazis with guns . 
    also why did n't they show ukrainians who were raped and tortured by tornado battalion ? 
  it 's an interesting theme , unfortunately rarely discoursed outside of russian-speaking internet . 
   has it ever occured to you that the simple explanation for all of that is that the russian propaganda you hear on all your news outlets is full of lies ? 
  instead of assuming the absurd scenario that the entire world is involved in a global conspiracy to hide ukrainian crimes and rapes in the area of the conflict , perhaps it 's the russian media inventing lies to justify the war russia started there under the lie that the russian minority there is '' opressed by the ukrainian nazis '' ? 
  to vilify the ukrainians and ukraine , so the russian authorities and what they are doing there will get more support from useful idiots ? 
  some of these useful idiots end up being recruited in that war for fake reasons and die there . 
    propaganda ultimately played a key role in russia 's military campaign against ukraine ; it became an effective recruitment tool.within the separatist territories , russian propaganda spurred tens of thousands of ukrainians to take up arms against their countrymen . 
  an enlistment office for the separatist republics was opened in moscow for russian citizens who wanted to join the war . 
  and russia 's false news reports disseminated worldwide via the internet drew foreign fighters to join russia 's proxy army against ukraine -- including from serbia , france , brazil , and the united states . 
  even today on the ukrainian side of the front lines in the donbas , some villages and towns only receive russian broadcast television -- ukrainian tv and news programs are unavailable , except by cable . 
  among the false reports intended to stoke nationalist hysteria were the story of a three-year-old boy who was allegedly tortured and crucified by the ukrainian military in slaviansk , a report on the raising of the levels of the lopan and kharkov rivers so that nato submarines could reach donetsk , a report on the cancellation of the may 9 world war ii commemoration in kiev and its replacement by a gay pride parade , a report that the ukrainians had stopped selling bread to russian speakers , and a report that petro poroshenko , the ukrainian president , was preparing to make hitler 's birthday a national holiday . 
   i saw loads of obvious fake news invented by russian televisions and presented as facts to their audience . 
  not to mention how some of them , when presenting '' news '' about ukrainians and ukraine , like to put images of gypsies or other shocking images to brainwash people into associating the 2 completely different matters . 
  or they take images or clips from war crimes commited in other countries , years ago , but present them as crimes currently commited by the '' ukrainian nazis '' against innocent russian ethnics in ukraine . 
  wait what ? 
  do you think armies shell each other only during offences ? 
   there was a peace agreement out there . 
  why do n't russia actually honor the peace agreement ? 
  because russia is not a side of this peace agreement , unlike ukraine 2 . 
  ukraine does n't honor the agreement too . 
  everybody is guilty of some `` crimes '' .
