  you would n't be able to fit a wrist watch around your waist even if you were near death skinny . 
  why would you want to wear a wrist watch on your belt anyway !, 
  it 's a wrist watch !, 
  i 'm surprised the friend did n't get pepper sprayed . 
  too little too late . 
  sweden will be a martyr for us all . 
  immigrants from different cultures will dilute the cultural homogeny of a country . 
  more so if they are from cultures far removed from the local culture and/or arrive at a rate faster than they can be assimilated . 
  this applies to all cultures , not necessarily americans - i just used your example . 
  i approve , preserving culture and ethnic groups is important . 
  i 'd hate to see the danish people and culture destroyed by being turned into an americanised homogenous monoculture . 
  obama 's wife does n't look too pleased . 
  strange, 
  he did a bit more than just say it . 
  he announced it via , not just a normal thread , but a sticky thread ( highlighting the issue ) , and by posting it as a thread he invites people to discuss the topic . 
  so , it really depends on the context . 
  if you were to announce to an audience `` merry christmas '' and then proceed to invite them all to a discussion about christmas in europe , no not so much . 
  in saudi arabia or pakistan probably yes . 
  you would oppose a sticky regarding christmas even though it 's been part of european culture for thousands of years ? 
  what really annoys me about that game is how small the continents are , especially how small the uk is ( it is n't even a viable spot to settle !, 
  ) , and how you ca n't start in realistic locations . 
  i want to settle london in england damn it !, 
  not on the cape of good hope or in the netherlands . 
  trying to push an agenda here norris ? 
  i imagine it would be a lot worse without the fence . 
  you can even use preemptive reasonable force . 
  bit of a double standard , surely . 
  they should be just as responsible , if not more , to rescue the boats in `` distress '' just off their coast . 
   do you think that being born in europe gives you a greater right to live here then others ? 
  yes . 
   do you honestly not think you 'll run like hell to escape your country if your life is in danger ? 
  not at all . 
   you did n't to anything to deserve living in a peaceful continent by right , and you can go anywhere you want in the world . 
  but africans should not , right ? 
  our ancestors fought and made a peaceful civilisation , to improve the quality of life for ** their ** future generations . 
  not anybody else . 
  the success of our civilisation at providing us with a high quality of life is a result of their combined efforts . 
  ensuring that we maximise the quality of life for our future generations is the debt and obligation we owe them . 
  africans have the same obligation for their country . 
  europeans ca n't `` go anywhere in the world '' we are subject to the same laws as african immigrants when trying to visit or move to foreign countries . 
  pleasantly surprising . 
  huh ? 
  are n't you swedish ? 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about islam , you little kaffir ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the maroon berets and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on both kurds and assad and i have over 300 confirmed dead apostates . 
  i am trained in jihad and i 'm the top sniper in the entire yarmouk brigades . 
  you are nothing to me but just another infidel , i will behead you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this sutihat , mark the words of allah , sallallahu alayhi wa sallam . 
  you think you can get away with insulting islam over the internet ? 
  think again , kuffar . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of imams to put a fatw\u0101 on you . the fatw\u0101 that wipes out the haram little thing you call your d\u012bn . 
  you 're fucking going to jahannam , heretic . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over nine thousand ways , and that 's just with my knife . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the turkish military and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of ash-sharq al-awsa\u1e6d , you little g\u00e2vur . 
  if only you could have known what holy retribution your little `` clever '' verse was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the hudud , you goddamn disbeliever . 
  i will shit gha\u1e0dab all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , disbeliever . 
  pretty shitty agent if they take you from a warzone through several safe countries to another warzone . 
  with rough calculations it would appear i was slightly disingenuous . 
  i 'd put syria + eritrea in the first chart at 78.5 k vs everything else at 246k . 
  in the second chard i 'd put syria + eritrea at 100k vs everything else at 85.5 . 
  so slightly less than half in the second chart . 
  as for the first country idea . 
  i refer you to this . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position  there is no obligation under the refugee convention or any other instrument of international law that requires refugees to seek asylum in any particular country . 
  there has , however , been a longstanding `` first country of asylum '' principle in international law by which countries are expected to take refugees fleeing from persecution in a neighbouring state . 
  this principle has developed so that , in practice , an asylum seeker who had the opportunity to claim asylum in another country is liable to be returned there in order for his or her claim to be determined . 
  judging by that second chart about half of those applicants are not from syria or eritrea , and the difference is even greater in the first chart . 
  furthermore , they still pass through safe countries . 
  edit : extra explanatory words, 
  do n't be naive . 
  most of the people departing africa on boats are young working age males from central africa . 
  hardly any women , children or elderly . 
  they are certainly not refugees from the countries you speak ( this is obvious from the photos as most of the boat people are black ) . 
  they leave safe countries in central africa and enter a unsafe one ( libya ) to make the trip . 
  refugees fleeing syria and iraq are not going via libya , they go via turkey and by a land rout ( unless of course they went through is controlled land in order to boat to cyprus ) . 
  to actually get to libya from syria they would have to pass through jordan , israel and egypt ( all safe countries which they could claim asylum in ( and if passed through would invalidate their refugee claim ) ) . 
  as for eritrea they would also have to travel through sudan and egypt , so same deal . 
  could you be a bit more specific ? 
  their vote is just as powerful as yours . 
  good, 
  economic migrants not refugees are arriving by the boats . 
  convict , maybe but it sure as hell would n't stand up in court as those products were n't the intention . 
  the police would also be severely chastised by the judge for arresting someone for possession of a scented pillow and wasting the courts time . 
  i get your point though that laws crafted need to be concise . 
  i wonder how many newspapers have a department that reviews law proposals and tries to imagine the most bizarre way it could be implemented . 
  it would be a rather fun and imaginative job . 
  kinda like the drink driving laws in new zealand . 
  if interpreted in an imaginative way you could be charged for drink driving by being piggybacked when over the limit . 
  he might be referring to this article recently . 
  [ bringing civilisation to the third-world , one country at a time . 
  ] ( http://www.historytoday.com/sites/default/files/empire_main.jpg ), 
  problem , solar farms require very little human labour after the initial construction and the labour required is high skill . 
  the majority of the workforce is extremely low skill . 
  it would require a huge investment of recourses to civilise them , which will reduce the return on capital employed and the payback period . 
  not to mention the costs of quelling rebellions that would ensue due to high unemployment . 
  well if he made a delicious casserole or pie from it afterwards then i see no fault . 
  brilliant !, 
  you 're on your way to becoming the governor and crown representative for the newly acquired territory of british punisia . 
  there is nothing stopping you from donating or even starting your own charity .
