  it 's like having someone on your assignment team that does just enough work to say he 's contributing but not as much as everyone else , and ultimately drags down the overall grade . 
  that figure ( even if true ) still lowers the average contribution per citizen and would entail that the refugee is still a disproportionately high consumer of public funds . 
  which would ( assuming public funds are spent on different things according to a ratio ) still reduce the quality of life for your average citizen . 
  plus that 's just the direct cost . 
  i imagine the indirect costs would put that person in the negative . 
  in conclusion for a refugee ( or any person really ) to not harm or to benefit society , they need to be contributing at the average or above the average . 
  edit : edits, 
   the us is the wealthiest nation in the history of mankind . 
  i somehow doubt that . 
  adjusted for inflation i 'd bet england , france or the netherlands was more wealthy . 
  at one point in time . 
  this seems like it should belong in the megathread, 
  ethnic brits living in london . 
  earl grey and ceylon tea . 
  my bad . 
  cheers . 
  that 's what i said ... 
  problem ? 
  it 's pretty much accepted that greece cooked the books to get into the eu . 
  however , regarding now , you 're probably right ( at least i hope so ) , they have way too much scrutiny to do something stupid like that ( it was more of a joke ) . 
  is it ? 
  they did it to get into the eu , did they not ? 
  you would be giving up australia though . 
  there are some fascinating theories regarding the portuguese discoveries of australia and new zealand . 
  there is the australian legend of the mahogany boat as well as the maori legends of the `` ghosts with pointy heads '' ( conquistador helmets ) visiting new zealand . 
  not to mention the theory that james cook relied on portuguese dieppe maps when navigating the coast of australia . 
  apparently , your national archives got burned down so all the dieppe maps got lost forever ( and we will never know the truth of whether you discovered these places first or not ) . 
  they 're cooking the books again . 
  there 's nothing stopping you from going over there and paying for their travel , food , water and housing . 
  hell , you could even start a charity to pool money from like minded people in order to give them the lifestyle you believe they deserve . 
  just do n't make people assist these illegals more than they are willing to . 
  everyone forgets about new zealand . 
   we ca n't . 
  the leaders are corrupt and the money does n't go to what it needs to . 
  the only time it does is when it 's done by businesses , such as oil companies in nigeria . 
  even if we did build them the natives just [ ruin and steal ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-28311240 ) it anyway . 
   the only way we could do that is through recolonisation . 
  i concour and approve . 
  i smell cuck . 
  i just checked out the website of the institution [ in question ] ( https://www.wzb.eu/en/about-the-wzb/organization ) they seem pretty well educated and authoritative . 
  wow i feel old . 
  i addressed this in my post . 
  i 'm aware that the skewing can happen . 
  however , i also said that when you look at institutions that would skew the statistics in the favour of their client you still get results that are n't particularly favourable for muslims ( although more favourable compared to wilders ' statisticians ) . 
  i can provide examples if you like but i believe i 've shown them to you already . 
  humidity , heat and mainland chinese ( with their complete lack of awareness and damnable wheelie bags ) . 
  in that order . 
  we are talking about professional research institutions here . 
  people who work with and probably have phds in statistics . 
  surely , they know how to make an unbiased and impartial survey ( it 's part of their job ) . 
  sure , you can argue that these companies are funded by parties that would like to skew the statistics , but the funny thing is , you can look at statistics from organisations that lean towards being sympathetic to muslims and still see similar results . 
  you could even average out the statistics from all different sources to give you an upper and lower limit . 
  the truth is somewhere in-between , and it 's not particularly in their favour . 
  [ shit like this is not uncommon ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=f7o5vndv8li ), 
  hong kong chinese are good . 
  mainlanders can be atrociously low quality . 
  just type `` mainlander hong kong '' into youtube . 
  `` non western and/or non first world '' would probably be a better question . 
  you should try china . 
  it 's far better than the eu . 
  anally administered enrichment . 
  i was talking about the christians you bigot . 
  [ the british grenadiers ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oivspy8xy9i ) this is by far my favorite . 
  the lyrics are absurdly pompous . 
  [ men of harlech ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=drtnwvvdx6k ), 
  there 's a big difference though . 
  the blasphemy laws in the uk would 've never stood the test of trial . 
  it was only due to lazy legislators and/or the fact that there are more important things for legislators to spend their time on , other than repealing silly old laws , that caused it to be repealed so late . 
  the third world shit-holes these people come from still actively enforce these laws . 
  sigh ... 
  very well , i 'll explain . 
  the way he wrote the sentence makes it sound like `` please cum all over my communities '' ( i.e. 
  inviting illegal immigrants to ejaculate over his people ) . 
  instead of his intended and presumably sarcastic , welcome of illegal immigrants `` oh yes , please all come to my communities '' . 
  it 's typically swedish because it played into the meme of swedes welcoming all third world dysporia to their homeland and the swedish people having cuckold miscegenation fantasies . 
  i 'm not sure if your poor english makes your wish more worrying or not ... 
  typically swedish either way . 
  vast majority ? 
  more like 30 % . 
  then people start complaining due to the reduction of their quality of life and decreased security if they loose their job . 
  i do n't see why we as a country should take a massive hit to our quality of life , in any avenue , in order to keep out illegal immigrants . 
  they should be kept out with a competent border security , necessary force and , if that fails , deported with the utmost efficiency . 
  hon hon hon la baguette !, 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  every country practices it to some degree . 
  the values are part of being british . 
  the values and traditions held by britons are part of what form our national identity , they are british values , but you have a point . 
  when comparing individuals there will always be exceptions . 
  however , on a macro holistic level , comparing populations and the values held by the majority of members of a group as a whole , one could reach the conclusion that the british people are better . 
  almost every ethnic groups has pride in their ethnicity many even hold rallies and set up social clubs to proclaim this fact . 
  are you calling them all worrisome ? 
  chances are that the majority of them are single , young and able men wanting to enjoy the fruits of our labour without having to go through the proper procedures . 
  they assume that as soon as they get in they can apply for asylum and get given all the gibs . 
  alternatively , if asylum prospects are not looking good , they can work illegally for a european wage in the mean time stalking clubs for a european woman to wife . 
  they are under the impression that they get free houses , money and food . 
  best of luck to them , deus vult !, 
  i could simply spread misinformation i.e. 
  you will be turned back , sunk , shot etc. 
  someone should modify those for europe and post them on all those trafficker facebook pages . 
  oh you are op .
