  they 're not our responsibility in any way . 
  if a brit commits a crime in the states he would be subject to the us legal system and laws ( their responsibility ) . 
  it 's the same if they join a terrorist group in syria . 
  they would be wanted by the syrian government and held to account by the manner the syrians see fit . 
  why should we intervene in syrian justice ? 
  sweden can take them in , surely . 
  this is your chance to shine . 
  your country is the ` humanitarian ' super power right ? 
  i 'm 100 % confident that the swedish people , with their generous welfare and ` hug the jihadist out of them ' policies , will ensure that they become a net benefit for your multicultural society free of hate . 
  heh , i played this to my girlfriend . 
  she got all offended at the part where the commentator said `` that 's basically it for dutch food '' , saying `` that 's unfair , we make many different varieties of stampott '' ( which were shown in the very next segment ) . 
  had a good laugh . 
  american detected . 
  you are not disowning english from england . 
  we invented it , we taught the world our language , it 's our language that they learnt . 
  in my own home and on my own income - english . 
  when given , from the generosity of the spanish people , a house and income - spanish, 
  upon further review , i understand how the ban ( of foreign channels via satellite tv ) targets foreign speaking people on welfare . 
  however , i still do n't see how this is a bad thing . 
  1 ) it 's still an irresponsible use of public money to have sateillite tv whilst on welfare . 
  2 ) banning foreign tv ensures that they have more exposure to the local language and culture . 
  which makes them more employable and integrated . 
  that said and to answer your question above , yes they would . 
  edit : ah , i see the purpose of this . 
  they 're wanting to ban it to ensure that foreign people on welfare learn the language of the country their in ( helping integration and employability ) . 
  that 's not a bad idea ... 
  hmm , i would n't outright forbid it . 
  if their parents or friends wanted to provide it for them , i 'd have no objections ( assuming the appropriate disclosures are made to their case manager and the gifts are within acceptable limits ) . 
  where i have objections is when it 's provided for through public money . 
  as for cigarettes and alcohol , i 'd say the same ... that is simply irresponsible use of public money . 
  especially if they have kids to feed . 
  i 'd be in favour of food stamps or a welfare card that would restrict the purchases one could make to just the essentials . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i have n't had a tv or subscribed to their services for years . 
  what 's wrong with banning it . 
  i can see the logic . 
  government housing is provided at tax payer expense for people on welfare . 
  welfare is supposed to be a safety net to provide you with the necessities so you do n't starve or freeze . 
  satellite tv is a luxury , not a necessity ( that many working people ca n't afford ) . 
  therefore , it should n't be provided . 
  i do n't see how this is particularly oppressive or unfair . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  very libertarian ... is it possible that current discrimination laws may clash with hypothetical laws that would limit immigration from particular countries and/or religions because i can see the use in that . 
  much the same as the one i had while i was in my country . 
  just with unusual food , different surroundings and people speaking other languages . 
  he 's an idiot for sticking his dick in there as he was already burnt once before . 
  i guess the thought of paying her a lifetime of increased child support and living expenses was too much for a one night stand . 
  could 've also been greed or revenge on her behalf as well . 
  who knows . 
  if revenge , she would 've got it either way . 
  if greed well now shes missing out on two lots of payments . 
  phew , i was thinking the landscape would be northern england . 
   but why make a comparison to the surpluses of empire when nobody advocates that anymore . 
  a few of us still do ... plus :  yes , quite rightly we are n't able to maintain the surplus we enjoyed when ~ ~ subjugating and pillaging ~ ~ civilising the ~ ~ developing world ~ ~ barbaric tribes under empire . 
  ftfy, 
  land of hope and glory . 
  yes, 
  [ the british grenadiers ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oivspy8xy9i ), 
  please , noting that obtuse . 
  simply tow their raft just outside africa 's territorial waters and in a place where the ocean currents would deliver them back to africa 's shore . 
  this is terrible !, 
  given the amount of oil and chemicals stored on boats , this ca n't be good for the environment . 
  i hope the cleanup is done asap . 
   at least drink it yourselves !, 
  i 'd rather our tea drown a thousand deaths in their harbour than have it end up like this `` american tea '' ( http://www.target.com/p/lipton-diet-citrus-iced-green-tea-1-gal/-/a-12953921 ) nsfw / nsfl, 
  that was brilliant !, 
  we have no culture you shitlords !, 
  i 'd pay good money to visit your country and eat your horrible food . 
  any laws for that matter . 
  they could n't give a shit about integration or adapting our culture . 
  all they want is a first world income and lifestyle while still clinging to their bronze age ideologies and cultures . 
  failing that , a first world jail cell where they get three hot meals a day and a bed . 
  you can be denied if you are deemed a threat to public safety . 
  i do n't get where you get this idea from . 
  there have been plenty of `` right-winged '' people in history that have done great things for their nations , just because you had that one guy ( which may not even be right-wing ( it was after-all the `` socialist party '' ) ) does n't mean they 're all like that . 
  additionally , right-winged people ( in a very generalising nut-shell ) , at least the ones i know of anyway , tend to be upstanding moral citizens . 
  they generally have stable traditional nuclear families , they are honourable , they value personal responsibility , hard work and tradition . 
  they tend to be those stereotypical moral citizens of the community . 
   democracy can not be supported or maintained with right wing views this is pure nonsense . 
   right wing views are almost always discriminating one group or the other . 
  this is not the case and i think i know where you might be confused ( again in a very generalising nut-shell ) . 
  right wing thought maintains that everybody has equal opportunity not that everybody should be equal . 
  your success depends of your hard work and ability , not the fact that you simply exist . 
  so there may be some supposedly `` disenfranchised groups '' that can not achieve the same level of success in society or a particular field , as other more capable people . 
  they may complain that this is discrimination where the reality is a social , cultural or natural explanation . 
  this may seem harsh but it 's fair . 
  left-wing seeks to make everyone equal irrespective of ability . 
  they will give `` disenfranchised groups '' special allowances , lower barriers of entry and lower responsibilities to to get the same rewards as a non-disenfranchised group i.e. 
  affirmative action , same pay for men as women as fire-fighters etc . 
  this is more unfair in my view and is actually a form of racism , sexism etc it 's the racism of lower expectations . 
   right wing groups are proud of their country which they have no right to whatsoever , they are not the reason their country is as it is . 
  of course they can and have the right to . 
  they are part of the society , culture and ancestry that created their nation and in their own way they will contribute to make it better for their future generations . 
  just like a single ant cant claim to have built the whole anthill but can be proud of the hard work he and his ancestors put in to make it a great place . 
  let the riots come . 
  it 's a deposit or a decent part of a deposit . 
  the nzd will also appreciate , its currently at the lowest its been in a long time . 
  i expect it will appreciate at least another 10 % in the next year . 
  it 's not terrible at all . 
  it 's normal .
