  these values usually include concepts of freedom , democracy , and human rights they are derived from political thought , widespread employment of rational argument favouring freethought , assimilation of human rights and the need for equality . 
  later these values include traditions of rationalism , spread throughout the middle ages and renaissance , developed by hellenistic philosophy , scholasticism , humanism , the scientific revolution and the enlightenment . 
  you will be hard pressed to find a european that does n't value the above or a european country who 's people do n't care about these values enough to write then into law or put them into practice . 
  did your brain fall out of your head during highschool ? 
  what about burberry suit wearing patriots ? 
  it is for this reason that i feel the applicant locutusofborges would be unsuitable . 
  why does it matter if he feels put off ? 
  many people are offended by lot 's of things . 
  i find these constant attacks on the core values of western civilisation as offensive as any muhammad cartoon . 
  should i demand that dissidenting groups be silenced on the threat that i may shoot up a mosque ? 
  celebrated by some and protected by most . 
  you 're trying to shame people into selfcensorship . 
  islam deserves to be criticised because of shit like this . 
  hell , it 's not even islamophobic by its very definition . 
  there was enough of a rational fear for a swat team to be put there , and the fear was actually actualised . 
  not just that but they 're attacking people in texas of all places . 
  i 'd bet half the audience had firearms on them . 
  and that is what freedom ^ ^ tm tastes like islamists !, 
  murica # 1 !, 
  dissuading them from making the trip in the first place . 
  start an advertising campaign in lybia telling them that if they try to enter the country in any other way than through legal means they will never get residency . 
  turn back or tow back boats that try to enter eu waters to their port of origin ( sinking / irreparably disabling the boats where applicable ) . 
  deport illegals if they make it . 
  lethal force against human traffickers and people that try to recover the smuggling boats ( i 'd like to see one of those boat mounted 20mm gatling cannons turn these people into puree ) . 
  take advantage of the political turmoil and recolonise lybia . 
  those comments ... 
  [ b/f from old thread ] nice to see that the perfectly reasonable ~ ~ economic ~ ~ war refugees , migrating to our shores , have their priorities in order . 
  i 'm sure this ( now even more ) diverse bunch will be a net benefit to out societies . 
  seriously , the australians have it right , their boats should either be left to sink or their boat towed back to the port of origin . 
  we simply ca n't have this tribal barbarism fester in our lands . 
  edit : although , what 's the point in commenting on the story now . 
  the damage is already done . 
  is it not the case that the british people value concepts of freedom , democracy , human rights and rationalism ( even though these values were cared enough about to be written into then into law and put into practice ) ? 
  it 's not vague at all . 
  i find that the people who use these phrases `` there are no british values '' , `` british values are vague '' , '' britain has no culture '' or even worse `` white people have no culture '' are the same ` progressive ' , open-borders , cultural relativist types that only seem intent on pushing their ideology of shaming western ( typically white ) males ( that is if it is not just pure laziness on their behalf of thinking about british values ) . 
  one of these ways is shaming our values and culture which is exactly what you 're doing in your post , and which is actually rather insulting - you deserve the down votes . 
  british values first of all stem from western values . 
  these values are ethical values , political systems and belief systems introduced by the greeks , romans and christianity . 
  these values include traditions of rationalism , spread throughout the middle ages and renaissance and developed by hellenistic philosophy , scholasticism , humanism , the scientific revolution and the enlightenment . 
  these are derived from political thought , widespread employment of rational argument favouring freethought , assimilation of human rights , the need for equality , and democracy . 
  more specifically , each country in europe has it 's own flavour of the above . 
  british values tend to be stoic and favour fairness and personal liberty , which is captured within the magna carta and our legal system . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'd rather vote for parties that only immigrate compatible cultures . 
  i 'm not going to waste my precious time counseling people who should n't be here in the first place . 
  thanks for the suggestion though . 
  i never even talked about women and course i do n't care about what they do over there . 
  i only used them as examples of the differences in culture of each society ( hence the usage of `` for example '' ) . 
  i only care about the immigration these people to the west in numbers that are unsustainable and undesirable . 
  you still have n't answered my question . 
  however , i do n't expect you will at this point . 
  the fuck ... 
  you are , otherwise you would 've answered it by now , it 's a simple answer . 
  perhaps i 'll rephrase , would a society be better off or worse off without that cultural practice ? 
  you 're avoiding the question . 
  i 'm willing to accept that it will change but this is n't really the issue . 
  the issue is that this important aspect of discourse is now excluded from conversation . 
  especially when it comes to immigration policy and who we decide to let into our countries . 
  for instance i can accept that letting in small amounts of people from highly incompatible cultures may be acceptable . 
  given that small populations integrate faster ( and they would need more time to integrate ) . 
  let too many in too quickly and they set up insular communities , like we see in europe now , which breed all the negative aspects of the culture they import . 
  obviously if their countries culture changes and becomes more compatible i 'd be more willing to accept more . 
  so i believe it 's important in regards to immigration policies to consider the cultural compatibility of immigrants - especially when deciding how many and from where . 
  removing this aspect from the discussion is unacceptable . 
  so you agree that this is an inferior aspect of their culture which is incompatible with the west ? 
  ok , i 'll make it easier for you . 
  take honour killing ( this is for sure part of pakistani tribal culture ) . 
  would i be wrong to say that this part of their culture is incompatible with the west ? 
  should i be prevented from discussing this issue because i hold the view that it is incompatible ? 
  that theodosian wall ... 
  i do n't get how this view is even useful . 
  you can ice the cake as much as you want but it still does n't change the fact that gay people ca n't live a proper life in sa or make them feel better about their current circumstance . 
  being a homosexual is still incompatible with the culture they are currently in . 
  that 's simply a fact . 
  you 're fabricating a hypothetical future culture , which does n't even exist , to compare to western culture , to say `` look you ca n't say one is incompatible with the other '' . 
  all this view does is make yourself feel better about adhering to cultural relativism . 
  give back constantinople please . 
  that and dried , salty fish . 
  they 're also , coincidentally , the ones most third-worlders flock to . 
  fitting with illegal immigrants benefit shopping ? 
  i ca n't see the connection between the two ... fyi : eic was an extension of the british govt for quite some time and it conformed with the companies ( and related laws ) of the time . 
  there was no criminal behaviour on its part . 
  benefit shopping . 
  my honed cis , white , straight , male patriarchy senses are tingling . 
  i can already feel the testosterone flooding into my veins and engorging my `` rod of oppression '' . 
  it seems i have detected a strong independent wimmin object . 
  how are you m ` lady ? 
  it would be my privilege to treat you to a nice dinner . 
  indeed , us brits literally scrambled to africa when we got the opportunity . 
  got some nice wealth from those jobs . 
  same problems though . 
  the natives did n't seem to respond well when we tried to enrich them with civilisation . 
  kina like being the elves in the lotr . 
  a fading but superior culture . 
  one can only hope that the elves leaving to valinor is an anagram of europeans leaving to live in elysium . 
  * ... britannia rule the waves ... * ; _ ;, 
  since when was the sarcastic use of pro multicultural platitudes considered nazi behaviour ? 
  / r/queueporn, 
  as much as i dislike poor spelling and grammar , i tend to forgive it more these days . 
  typing comments on smart phones , while trying to be grammatically correct , is painful .
