  what bullshit are you trying to pull ? 
  you read the conversation between me and the byzantum guy . 
  edit : never mind , this argument is pointless and going nowhere . 
  i 'll save both our time and move on . 
  uhh , i 'm typing on my phone and it 's a real pain to pull out quotes and try to explain the context of the discussion , the thread he was referring to and my response . 
  please , try to read it again and follow it carefully . 
  it 's obvious that we were never talking about welfare in belgium but rather ~ ~ your ~ ~ his advocacy for basic income , which is unregulated welfare . 
  edit : word, 
  probably a bit more money but it 's the principal that counts . 
  have faith in * all * humanity etc. 
  do the math , you could pack up all your stuff , move city and easily make a profit . 
  all without working a day . 
  that is until the experiment finished . 
   that assumption is incorrect . 
  so / r/basicincome is incorrect in saying that `` a basic income is an income unconditionally granted to all on an individual basis , without means test or work requirement '' ? 
  it 's unregulated in the fact that there is no criteria to be met or obligations required in order to receive this welfare , or is this assumption incorrect ? 
  i 'm for the status quo . 
  up-skill ? 
  do you think before you write out these crappy analogies and one liners ? 
  it is the same job with the same title . 
  jesus , does belgium seriously not regulate welfare ? 
  regulating welfare on these conditions is a pretty standard thing for governments to do , almost everywhere ... 
  i still have an actual secretary as well . 
  i found that statement a bit bizarre , tbh . 
  greece 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  and i was talking about inductive logic . 
  yes it is , why do you think they make `` predictions '' when performing experiments ? 
  funnily enough , the same logic underpins all of our current scientific theories . 
  i would n't say so , subsidised employment could still mean that the people employed are still net contributors to society , breaking even or not costing as much as a person sitting on their arse doing nothing . 
  maybe in the immediate short term but people ca n't automate everything . 
  there will always be human support and management staff behind every automated factory . 
  automation means freeing up the available workforce to provide their services elsewhere . 
  this ultimately achieves a more efficient economy per person . 
  instead of 10 support staff managing 50 workers in a factory producing 100 units in a day . 
  you can now have 60 support staff managing six automated factories producing 600 units in a day . 
  do n't worry they will only upload videos of gay sailors to the internet . 
  well i 'm going to get busy if you 're not . 
  well i 'm going to get busy if you 're not . 
  ah , i was not aware . 
  so how would you go about doing that with the information provided ? 
  of course not and i think you misunderstand me . 
  i 'm being pedantic , the fact that the assumption is faulty still does n't change the fact that the calculation is mathematically correct . 
  not really a math error . 
  how is that misleading ? 
  i was as transparent as possible . 
  i stated both assumptions and that the figure was the maximum upper limit of the ratio . 
  there was no other data provided to work from . 
  if he had stated the proportion of working males to females i could 've factored it in . 
  i have a feeling you want to paint me as a bad guy . 
  hence my use of `` up to '' , four times is the upper limit . 
  because  which is like only 10 % less than the non-immigrants , and which you can explain by 1 ) education gap ( no diplomas ) 2 ) language gap ** 3 ) women often stay home . 
  assuming all refugee woman stay at home and all refugee men work . 
  with the whole groups employment rate at 80 % would entail up to 4 times as many men to woman . 
  i did the math . 
  there must be a hugely disproportionate number of men . 
  i do n't think it really makes a difference . 
  these people willingly put themselves into life threatening situations when there are perfectly safe means of applying for asylum . 
  how much sympathy is stupidity worth ? 
  it would be a bit hard to sympathize with people throwing themselves off cliffs in the hope that people at the bottom will catch them . 
  especially if there is a stairwell next to it . 
  i doubt that is actually correct . 
  when asking questions rhetorically , you can use either a question mark , exclamation mark or full stop , but not more than one . 
  are you talking about / r/european ? 
  perhaps you should ask there . 
  why !, 
  enjoy your ebola . 
  more like damns the seas !, 
  * drumbeat *, 
  as the carrier reaches completion the entire population of britain starts rotating and humming [ rule britannia ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ) louder & louder until they 're practically screaming it and the queen looks out to sea atop a giant corgi and sheds a single tear because britannia will finally rule the waves once more . 
  perhaps try watching these moderate muslims vote on what actions they believe to be acceptable . 
  apparently if you do n't hold these views , you 're not a muslim . 
  i would n't want these people part of the society i live in imo . 
  you ? 
  yes, 
  yay , ca n't wait ... 
  i do n't say all , i say that there are certain groups of immigrants that i 'd rather not have . 
  again the vast majority do not come from war-torn countries and it 's not our responsibility to find solutions for these people when they misbehave . 
  if they want to live here they have to respect our rules or leave , simple really . 
   it 's not muslims who fail to be responsible citizens , it 's radicals . 
  who happen to represent a disproportionate amount of muslims . 
  that word is vague as hell anyway . 
  the `` moderates '' , even hold radical and barbaric views ; some views that are even antithetical to the core values of western civilisation . 
   of course they `` shop around '' , if you got a better job proposal in sweden would n't you go there ? 
  ca n't you see how selfish it is to say `` i was born in this land , therefore only my kids can live in it and no one else . 
  go back to your country , i do n't care how messed up it is , that 's the country you got , deal with it yourself '' a country is like your house . 
  a house build by you and your ancestors over thousands of years . 
  it 's a beautiful house . 
  it 's not selfish to want to protect the quality of your house and the hard work of your ancestors that built the house . 
  even considering you were born into it by no choice of your own . 
  sure you can invite guests to stay in your house and share its beauty . 
  some guests are fine and some guests are great ( they will improve the place with their presence ) . 
  however , there are some guests that get drunk , punch holes in the walls , leave the electricity on and shit on the carpets . 
  these guests should n't be invited . 
  if i got a good job offer in sweden , i would probably take it . 
  mind you , i was invited and i 'd meet the quality of guest they want . 
  refugees are n't invited and they vary in quality ( the average being on the lower end of the spectrum ) . 
  there is only so many the nicest house on the street can take before someone starts shitting on the carpet . 
   we have no right to deny people 's entry based on religion or country of origin . 
  yes , we do and many countries do deny people on these grounds . 
  sure , i did n't fight the wars but my grandparents and ancestors did , and they did so for their future generations .
