the cantonese word is `` gwai lo '' . 
  it means `` white ghost '' . 
  i can only say that for hong kong ( a former british colony ) . 
  not sure about countries in the dutch east indies , however , i have met a few red head dutchies throughout my travels here . 
  as for dutch females , i agree . 
  dating one at the moment . 
  ahh , volendam , love it . 
  she 's actually quite sexy . 
  need to see her holding cheese in front of a windmill though . 
  there is this item called a dress . 
  it 's a fairly common and traditional item of clothing worn by females in europe . 
  depending on the price of said dress they can be considered very ornate and elegant . 
  you had your chance . 
  fantastic news . 
  in response to the late and disgraceful conduct of this criminal in the wanton vandalism of private property in hamburg , in order that if the war against this barbarism continues the council and lawmakers hamburg should , if they judge it advisable , put into force the necessary measures which shall deter these `` artists '' from a repetition of similar outrages . 
  born in hong kong with parents from england and new zealand . 
  i consider myself a child of the empire and last of the colonial ex-pats from hong kong . 
  also dating a dutchy , so if that goes anywhere i can declare myself alpha oppressor and colonial overlord master race . 
  pfff, 
  * civilisation, 
  ^ ^ this, 
  i think you had a small part near north china for a while . 
  surely these were just a bunch of disillusioned youth which do n't represent all neo-nazis, 
  the flashman papers . 
  it 's an act of inciting terror , glorifying terrorism and possibly recruiting for terrorism . 
  all of which are outside the bounds of free speech in most countries ( including the us ) . 
  good old gunboat diplomacy . 
  i would n't mind if the drug trade was legalised . 
  especially opium , it 's a fantastic foreign trading good that is easy to mass produce and does n't experience diminishing marginal utility . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  especially if used against isis , if there was ever a pro-gun/arms dealing arguement that would be it , those savages are what guns are designed for . 
  not all of them . 
  edit : i 'm going to the netherlands next week . 
  i will definitely check out the maritime museum in amsterdam and the voc headquarters . 
  anything you recommend seeing ? 
  ( the more oppressive the better ) . 
  because they 're dutch . 
  i have a hard time seeing what 's wrong with those policies . 
  beef curry and chips . 
  i simply love it , not because i feel ethnic but because it completely butchers an ethnic dish . 
  it 's got colonialism written all over it . 
  see that nice ethnic dish you have there ? 
  i 'm just going to come over there and fuck it up with my culture . 
  i can hear all the indians around me weep as i have my beef vindaloo with chips , it is glorious . 
  we also invented americans . 
  checkmate !, 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  absolutely love these . 
  i find this offensive . 
   we [ claim to ] win too quickly . 
  it 's our curse . 
  mission accomplished - ftfy, 
  you changed that as well !, 
  you savages !, 
  i still have nightmares of that poor lost tea lying at the bottom of boston harbour . 
  i 've been stung by one of those fuckers . 
  definitely one of the more uncomfortable experiences i 've had . 
  unsure , probably was n't picked . 
  he could n't speak german . 
  both of my grandfather 's fought in ww2 . 
  my grandfather on my fathers side fought in the dutch east indies and mainly did reconnaissance . 
  he killed a japanese soldier and managed to keep his katanna . 
  he was also almost killed by an arrow ( which he also kept ) . 
  his father fought in ww1 as a cannoneer . 
  according to my father , he always said he had an `` easy war '' ( my great-grandfather was responsible for the transport of artillery and in being so avoided a lot of the heavy fighting and miserable conditions ) . 
  my grandfather on my mothers side had a far more interesting career . 
  he was a kittyhawk pilot and flight lieutenant in the rnzaf kittyhawk squadron . 
  he fought with monty in desert fox , pushing back rommel , and saw plenty of action . 
  he was shot down twice and the second time he was caught . 
  he was sent to stalag luft iii for the remainder of the war , however , while he was there he helped build the tunnel for the great escape ( was n't one of the escapees though ) . 
  1453 never forget ; _ ;, 
  i like your fillet american . 
  imagine if the anzac 's only did a little bit more scouting before they landed . 
  we could have had constantinople back in our hands . 
  we could smash down those damn minarets which currently disgrace the hagia sophia . 
  the illegal immigrant race . 
  those seem like very reasonable policies . 
  or even for the natives . 
  we are also looking to improve our lives and the lives of our future generations . 
  if i was there i 'd be out protesting against them as well . 
  if they 're safe they 're not a refugee . 
  there very likely would be . 
  although , i imagine it would harder to find it for finnish woman specifically . 
  metrogees, 
  i do n't get it . 
  did i make a syntax error ? 
  i 'm no fan of the extremes of the spectrum . 
  i would n't want my daughter dressing like some harlot . 
  however , between the cultures there are clearly different standards in regards to acceptable clothing ( for good or bad reasons ) . 
  when someone moves from one to another , perminantly , they should respect and adapt to the standards of dress . 
  you asked if there has wide spread resentment or if it was a one off incident from an organization . 
  i answered resentment . 
  did i misunderstand your question ? 
  perhaps rephrase ? 
  i do n't envy you . 
  resentment ? 
  perhaps in a different kind of way . 
  they think western clothing for women ( and some for men ( shorts for example ) ) is degenerate . 
  any women who wear such clothing is a whore , and should be treated as such . 
  the resentment is so bad in some circles that when their own daughters try to wear something like that they are severely punished or worse .
