  you could pool money from people such as yourself to provide these illegal immigrants the lifestyle you believe they deserve . 
  disagree . 
  occupy libya , turn migrants into cheap labourers and use land to grow cash crops . 
  being that our country has a state religion , that the uk was formed through the crown ( who were the appointed representatives of god ) and that the queen is the current head of said religion , and defender of the faith . 
  one can deduce that the uk is certainly a christian country . 
  do you mean new businesses ? 
  i was n't making an argument . 
  it was more of a suggestion . 
  they probably bit each end off and used it as a filter for their industrial ethanol supply ( if you run it through a baguette it filters out the methanol and the chemical added to make you throw it back up ) . 
  [ rule britannia ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ), 
  i have better things to do with my time than watch that crap . 
  those seem to be valid criticisms and a somewhat reasonable suggestion that comparing the total number per thousand ( is that complaints or instances ? ), 
  to other countries ( with different laws and customs ) would be like comparing apples and oranges . 
  however , you could perhaps get a clue by comparing the countries the year on year increase for rape stats with the third world immigrant intake . 
  i bet there is a correlation and i still bet sweden comes out on top . 
  this just seems to be the typical progressive case of denying the obvious truths for the sake of an imaginary political philosophy . 
  it just ca n't be the poor , oppressed immigrants that hold barbaric views and come from a country barely out of the ironage . 
  ~ ~ art ~ ~ shit like this really disappoints me . 
  art , in my opinion , needs to meet ** at least ** three criteria : 1 ) it needs to make an attempt to impress me ; 2 ) look like its had some care and effort put into it ; and , 3 ) demonstrate skill . 
  this crap is just insulting . 
  those geometric ones look like they were printed from ms paint or stenciled within about 10 minutes . 
  those other hand drawn ones look like a five year old drew them . 
  this painter does n't even attempt to create something the common man would even find mildly difficult to create . 
  that 's how most colonisation was started and done . 
  a lot of the time the natives of foreign lands sold us large tracts of land for modern weaponry or hired our services for settling tribal disputes ( in exchange for more land ) . 
  we ended up owning so much of the land that it was ceded to crown rule . 
  why would he be joking ? 
  without the uk bringing civilisation to every corner of the globe many countries would n't have left the stone age . 
  i 'd be up for a bit of recolonisation . 
  scramble for africa round two anyone ? 
  hell , if we recolonised africa i may even consider moving there . 
  a nice section of farm land in rhodesia would be a very pleasant place to retire . 
  what year were those taken ? 
  i know things looked rather pleasant there when they were dominions of the british empire and/or had adopted british culture and values after the privilege of being governed by her majesty the queen . 
  certainly !, 
  of course you can . 
  more like :  be me abolo from grass tribe and mud brick hut in nigeria . 
  professional monkey hunter and captor of wives from the stick tribe . 
   hear from friend in mud tribe that his friends friends friend awolowo ( former nigerian prince ) got to europe . 
  they give him free house , food , woman and he can earn enough money illegally to buy fifty monkeys in one day !, 
  feed whole tribe . 
   wowidonthavetochasemyfoodorwoman.jpg  convince tribe to pool together all their money in order to get five strongest hunters to europe . 
   travel to libya ( three hunters die in sahara and tribe back home dies because hunters left ) . 
   meet a human trafficker that says he will get me to germany . 
  he tells me i will earn lots of money , get given a castle and all the women will sex me for the small fee of all tribe money . 
   cantbelievemyluck.jpg  step on leaky boat with 500 other africans . 
   looks unsafe , help throw christians off to lighten load . 
   standing out in the middle of ocean waiting for rescue boat . 
   see boat approach , they stop beside and ask if we need help . 
  rescue boat is from malta , tell them to make sex with their mothers . 
   three more days at sea ( quarter of boat dies from thirst and last hunter dies drinking sea water )  the italian shore is in sight . 
  in our excitement we capsize boat ( half of boat drowns ) . 
   swim to shore barely clinging onto life the thought of free money , food , castle and woman keep me going . 
   met by white men that call themselves boarder security . 
  take me to refugee centre . 
  ask me questions about where i 'm from . 
  i say i professional monkey hunter and wife captor from proud grass tribe in nigeria and that i 'm here to claim my castle , woman and food . 
  they laugh and tell me i need paper called passport to stay here or be sent back . 
   fuckthat.gif  escape from the school gymnasium and start making my way to germany . 
   arrive in germany and meet awolowo . 
  he tells me to say to white man that i do n't know what tribe i 'm from and i flee war . 
  when done , find white woman and perform wife ritual for passport and that i can find wife at ` club ' . 
   tell german white man i flee from war , he let 's me stay , until application completed but if find out i do n't flee from war he send back . 
  need to find wife fast . 
   gone to club every night for three weeks now . 
  struggling to steal enough jackets to pay for drinks and door charges . 
   tonight i try to impress woman with drink i demand from german man ( he do n't need wife he already german ) and with fertility dance . 
   she no like and go to german man . 
   i start to get angry and frustrated , woman not as easy as trafficker say . 
   arab refugee tell me western woman sluts no appreciate fertility dance and they only interest in sex . 
  i pull out penis and wave it at woman saying `` aye baby want some fuk '' but she walks away disguised . 
  i call her fat hippo that smells bad because she does n't understand that i spent all tribe money for eu castle . 
   running out of time . 
  decide to go with traditional approach , punch other german men who do n't need passport and carry woman to take as wife . 
   bouncers kick me out of club saying they 're sick of refugees harassing woman and attacking customers . 
   take money from mans jacket on way out . 
  hmmm , never been to africa ( do n't particularly plan to either ) but thanks for the warning . 
  edit : yes , story please . 
  edit2 : how do you know i have a blonde girlfriend ... 
  culture has something to do with it but i do n't think it 's the main reason . 
  they more likely want the benefits and lifestyle that a german passport ( which a german wife ) will get them . 
  considering they spent their family 's life savings crossing the med to illegally enter europe . 
  it makes sense that they would become more desperate and violent when their passport walks away with another man . 
  they 're not after the woman they 're after a chance at securing german nationally . 
  the woman is just a preferable means of getting it . 
  it probably explains their aggression too . 
  they have much more to loose by not securing a wife . 
  so it makes sense that they take more desperate / violent measures to ensure that their ~ ~ woman ~ ~ passport does n't run off with competition . 
  funny thought : i 'd wonder how many would swap to gay bars for husbands if more ` straight ' clubs rejected them . 
  i see , well , if you get picked , i hope your experience as a moderator for a year has helped develop your impartiality to opposing views . 
  the fact that you take issue with him being a ukip supporter and imply that ukip are far right is a perfect example of why i 'm concerned . 
  i really hope you 're joking . 
  i think you misread my comment . 
  i do n't recommend him . 
  i do n't believe he could provide balanced moderation to this sub . 
  i remember him from / r/unitedkingdom ( or / r/ukpolitics ) where even there he thought the sub was too right wing for criticising islam , immigration and multiculturalism . 
  he then went and created / r/britishpolitics , which is essentially a hard left hug box . 
  i strongly doubt his capability of separating his political views from his moderation or his ability to determine racism from criticism of immigrants , immigration or religion . 
  judging by the usual views in this sub , he would be an unpopular mod and would create more problems than he would solve . 
  the values of europeans in general tend to focus on the values , political systems and belief systems introduced by the greeks and romans ( even throughout the introduction of christianity ) .
