  whereas , the most extreme view we have is that we concider their clothing as an advertisement for archaic world view . 
  a view on the equality status of citizens in a society that is not acceptable ( and perhaps illegal ) in the west . 
  you tell me what you think is the more reasonable or noble of the two . 
  you do a great service for europa . 
  [ that feel ] ( https://i.warosu.org/data/tg/img/0381/45/1424240988990.png ) when removing kebab . 
  keep me informed when you make a decision . 
  i 'd like to try / eliminate some good / bad ideas . 
  those sauces do seem pretty damn good though . 
  i might experiment with a few . 
  my girlfriend may even enjoy my roast more . 
  she 's dutch and also refuses to eat it with mint sauce , she has it with tomato sauce instead , it 's truly bizarre . 
  i googled my recipe and it is near identical to jamie oliver 's [ best lamb roast ] ( http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/lamb-recipes/best-roast-leg-of-lamb/#5gksqtcvftkgveef.97 ) recipe - not mention being the recommended sauce for most of the recipes if you google `` lamb roast '' . 
  although , this could simply be the british / master race colonies preferences . 
  the continentals and you yanks ( obviously too much french influence ) may prefer something else . 
  mint sauce compliments the rosemary and garlic in the lamb well . 
  plus it gives it that country style cooking flavour . 
  that 's simply barbaric . 
  you french are a strange lot . 
  ** glorious lamb roast ** 1 lamb leg potato , carrots , onion , sweet potato , tomato , mushroom and any other vegetables good for baking . 
  garlic , rosemary and salt & pepper stab holes in the leg and stuff the holes with garlic and rosemary . 
  put even layer of salt over the leg ( very important ) and pepper . 
  chop vegetables and put into an oiled baking dish . 
  put leg of lamb on a separate grill so the fat drains . 
  bake in oven for 50min at 200c ( if you put on the layer of salt correctly and fan bake , you get the best crispy skin layer you will ever taste in your life ) . 
  serve with mint sauce . 
  you forgot the / s /, 
  he 's clearly intending to use it as a weapon . 
  i 'm sure we can figure it out . 
  satellite surveillance , drone surveillance , interrogation and informants from well known ports would suffice . 
  we could even bribe one refugee to spill the beans on the rest . 
  i like this idea . 
  you 're saying that as if it 's not something a normal country would do . 
  but ... 
  but ... diversity, 
  it worked for china when invading tibet . 
  problem ? 
  i think he should step down for personal health reasons . 
  surely it ca n't be healthy physically , mentality and socially to spend that much time on reddit . 
  well , yes . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  i cant see how taking responsibility for hoards of refugees advances britain 's interests . 
  they can pick any side , or start their own side , that best represents the direction they want to country to follow . 
  they should really be fighting for their country . 
  when a certain population reaches a certain proportion of problematic people . 
  we can , do and have taken actions against them ; treating them all indiscriminately , for example , the there were something like 880,000 nazis in germany during its peak in ww2 - out of a population of 66,000,000 that 's roughly 1.3 % of the population . 
  this was enough cause for the allies to systematically raze half of germany . 
  if you want a less ridiculous example just look at how visa requirements for countries change depending on the nationality of the applicant . 
  yes and yes it is . 
  imperialist , monarchist and mercantilist . 
  it 's nothing like american football . 
  the ball is n't even the same . 
  [ being english ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1385/78/1385788776013.png ), 
  rugby player here . 
  like any team sport it requires tactics , teamwork , speed , skill and strength to play well . 
  it 's weighted pretty evenly across all of those aspects . 
  you ca n't be an olympic sprinter or power lifter and expect to play rugby well . 
  it looks amateurish . 
  i was being lazy . 
  edited . 
  bah , it 's wishful thinking at best . 
  knowing ~ ~ brussels ~ ~ some eu member states , they will probably give passports to them , their extended families and the next 20 million that arrive . 
  so not much different from what we 're doing now then . 
  although , this approach costs less and is safer for our people and culture . 
  i 'm familiar , however , they also did n't have access to modern methods of managing armies . 
  i 'm sure with the appropriate separation of powers , limits on progression for foreign volunteers , rotation of generals etc. 
  we could manage it . 
  i 'm not really sure , they are the most famous one , that 's for sure . 
  other countries have also used [ foreign volunteers ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_volunteers ) however i 'm not sure if many still do today . 
  you dutch could start back up the koninklijk nederlands indisch leger . 
  the germans might want to re consider the name of their foreign legion . 
  perhaps in that situation we could offer `` the roman solution '' . 
  the roman solution being that we offer them the chance at residency by serving x number of years in the countries foreign legion . 
  that way they prove their loyalty , they integrate and serve our interests abroad , and assuming they survive , they get residency . 
  edit : nearly all of them are able bodied young males after all . 
  another option is to put them all on temporary refugee visa 's , give them the cheapest housing that meets living standards in an area away from the general public , provide them the basic meals each day and return them to their country once it is safe . 
  no need to bother integrating them or spending more on them . 
  if they want to stay permanently they can apply like every other person . 
  mosquitoes probably . 
  i 'm not sure what the laws are now regarding detention of illegal immigrants . 
  however , enforcing a jail time will ensure that the illegals are detained for deportation . 
  perhaps they had unsold homes on the market in the area and needed a little while longer to liquidate their assets before the impending local property market crash . 
  note : i do not condone market manipulation . 
  out of curiosity , what is the cheapest beer ? 
  i imagine the cheapest beer in germany is actually quite good . 
  by the gods !, 
  you live in the netherlands !, 
  at least visit the rijksmuseum . 
  pull the emergency stop ? 
  anyone hungry ? 
  i can get some rape , stabbing and arson for dinner if anyone is interested . 
  woosh ... 
  literally potential dictators and mass murderers everywhere . 
  i imagine it would be repatriation subsidies . 
  they 'd have my vote . 
  debts have nothing to do with the contribution deficit of refugees compared to the average citizen . 
  it does n't change anything , it still means that the refugee is still not contributing as much to maintain the ( artificially inflated ) standard of living and it would still be better to bring in people that contributed more than average ( not less ) . 
  your argument would make sense if the public services were allocated to every individual based upon a % of their contribution , but this is not the case . 
  it is also silly to suggest that a # 1 contribution per person is just as good as a # 1,000 contribution per person ( or would not damage quality of living if a whole lot of # 1 contributors replaced or diluted # 1,000 contributors ) . 
  it 's obvious that the more a person contributes the more opportunity a government has to improve public services , spend on each person etc. 
  net monetary contributors , yes but net quality of life detractors .
