  i am obliged to carry on the duty of increasing the quality of life for mine , and increasing the quality of life in my country entails removing ( or stopping ) the negative aspects from it ( or to it ) . 
  muslims , unfortunately , ( and despite us doing as much as we can for them ) fail to meet the expectations we have of responsible citizens in a civilised society . 
  as such , they are a direct threat to the quality of life of my children . 
  therefore , i want the immigration of this group to stop . 
  i should also say that i am willing to do my humanitarian duty for war refugees from ** neighboring countries ** , as i would like the same option in return if it were to ever happen to us . 
  however , i would accept refugees on a refugee visa only ( they and their children would have to go back after the war was over ) . 
  that being said , there are a few points to note : the majority of muslim immigrants to europe do not come from war-torn countries . 
  the ones that do , travel through numerous safe countries to get to europe and then shop around for the best deal while commiting crimes . 
  they could also fight to turn it into a better place , you know , how we europeans did it . 
  no they do n't . 
  they have an obligation to turn the countries they were born in , into better places for their children . 
  as do we . 
  they really do n't do themselves any favours . 
  a gas pistol or rifle would n't do anything to a human - unless you shot them in the eye . 
  you would be better to have a crossbow , hunting bow or myriad other antique weapons i.e. 
  sword , spear , hammer , mace etc. 
  hell , even generic garden shed tools would do the trick i.e. 
  an axe . 
  does anyone really want to keep letting muslims into europe ? 
  this is probably the fifth high profile attack this year . 
  how many of these do we want to put up with to maintain the multicultural dream ? 
  they died in the enjoyment and preservation of one of their countries most time honoured traditions . 
  hardly a bad way to go . 
  a very spanish sounding headline . 
  you forgot cuckolding . 
  fair enough . 
  who even listens to the un these days ? 
  are you actually from sweden ? 
  i doubt many of those migrants are either . 
  many have left safe countries , where they had work and were well fed ( otherwise how would they afford the journey ) to get to europe . 
  thank the gods !, 
  and he accuses / u/jackele of peddling myths . 
  yes, 
  the ones that care about this are n't exactly our friends . 
  so it 's a bit of a non-issue . 
  why would they need anti-aircraft missiles when they ride motorcycles ? 
  my comment was in regards to traditional gender roles , not being a jobbik supporter , if that 's what you 're referring to ( i do n't know much about this jobbik party anyhow . 
  so i 'm not sure if i would support them or not ) but as the saying goes , a broken clock is still right twice a day . 
  agree . 
  why should we do this though ? 
  it will be the hard work and the self-determination of the people living in ( and fleeing ) those countries that will make it a better place . 
  not us . 
  unless you 're suggesting we re-colonise everything - in which case i 'm in . 
  is that necessarily a bad thing ? 
  eliminate demand and you eliminate the supply . 
  is n't that what they 're doing though , by going after the smugglers ? 
  it 's a shame you feel that way but i wo n't push you for a discussion , and do n't worry i 'm no breivik idoliser and i wo n't start a killing spree . 
  so you suggest just letting crime happen unopposed ? 
  i am actually . 
  exactly , i would n't want these `` gender theories '' taught either . 
  call me an old fashioned heteronormative shitlord but i 'm supportive of traditional gender roles and reject these stupid relativist notions of gender . 
  this toxic hard left relativism , imported straight from the us , be it in regards to sex , culture or ethics has done enough damage to western civilisation already . 
  i 'd want my daughter to be an archetypal female and my son to be an archetypal male . 
  i do n't want them to be , nor indoctrinated by the school to be , gender amorphous snowflakes . 
  way more but less in proportion to relative population . 
  this is the narrative that makes then feel victimized in the first place . 
  we liberated and protected their people . 
  he 's waiting for one of us to snap and kill him for saying such things as it would prove his point . 
  he will be waiting a long time . 
  his screed , from what i can tell , focused on the people pushing a cultural marxist agenda and the islamisation of norway . 
  he considered native norwegians who pushed this agenda as traitors . 
  he went on the spree with the aim to kill as many traitors as possible , and be the fire that incites a violent uprising against those who would destroy norway with their ideology . 
  as such , he did n't consider the muslims he killed to technically be traitors because they were not norwegian - my guess is that he viewed the ones in the party as collaborators ( he lists the categories of traitors on a court document ) . 
  so it 's a bit hard to tell if he would slaughter a bunch of middle easterners or blacks in a racially motivated attack , as you suggest . 
  it 's obvious be does n't like foreigners in the country as he believes that they are destroying his people and culture , ( so he could be racist or xenophobic etc ) but he does n't blame them for being there . 
  he blames the people who let them in . 
  therefore , race does n't appear to be the issue , politics do . 
  he may even disapprove of the killing of foreigners ( as they could be deemed innocent parties only doing what is best for themselves ) wishing only for their deportation instead or disapprove because they are a lower priority of people to be wasting bullets on . 
  yeah , i just checked the list and edited accordingly . 
  breivik mainly killed people of european descent though ? 
  edit : mainly, 
  there 's a refugee day ? 
  sweden yes ? 
  i 'm a british nationalist . 
  right here , sorry to say . 
  well considering that pepper spray is illegal ( except under specific circumstances ) in the uk , it would n't be an option . 
  by an improvised weapon , he means a stick , broom , bat or something that happened to be readily available which could be used , within reason , to detain the thief - i.e. 
  once they are subdued you do n't beat them to death . 
  not at all , you could use pepper spray ( or any improvised weapon ) to detain them or to stop them from fleeing in those circumstances . 
  source : sitting with a criminal lawyer right now . 
  a weapon is not necessary an issue , although , using one may be a bit more risky , legally . 
  the key words under common law is `` reasonable force '' . 
  if you were a 100kg body builder restraining a 50kg girl who was shoplifting and you pepper sprayed her , that would be in my view , unreasonable . 
  however , if you were a 50kg girl trying to stop a 100kg bodybuilder , pepper spray would be reasonable ( or in this case two average built men ) . 
  then again , in the uk pepper spray is illegal to carry as a civilian . 
  so if anyone were to spray someone , it would automatically be unreasonable . 
  i was curious about that when looking at the video . 
  i imagined that it would be very easy to spray yourself , especially when using it offensively and walking into the plume as she did . 
  that 's just silly . 
  theft just requires the intent and action to dishonesty deprive someone of property . 
  bullshit , at least in the uk you can do it because theft or burglary are indictable offenses . 
  you should be able to or at least detain the person for the police . 
  as for that case , i imagine he could 've used reasonable force to detain or prevent it . 
  however , by the sound of it he probably went overboard and beat the guy half to death . 
  nope . 
  under common law , a shop keeper ( or any person really ) that witnesses a crime can take measures to detain the person for the police . 
  this is often called a citizens arrest and as is the same with an officers arrest , you can use reasonable force to subdue the person if they are being violent or trying to flee ( i.e. 
  i would n't consider it unreasonable to tackle and pin them on the ground if they were trying to flee , or to strike them in anticipation , or in defense , to them getting violent . 
  however , the level of force required has to be in proportion ) . 
  i still do n't get it .
