why do people believe that global powers should interfere when there is nothing for them to gain out of a potential conflict ? 
  i was talking about the high school exam by the way , 60-80 % people fail it . 
  i do n't have any data about how many people go to or graduate university . 
  thanks for your reply , but i know lots of people who make minimum wage or only make about 1200-1500 lei a month , so you do n't know the whole situation . 
  you 've clearly worked with people that were lucky enough to make 2000 euros a month , that 's an incredibly big salary here in romania ( a couple of euros bigger than the president 's actually ) where most old people have to wait freezing their ass off till the government turns on heating during winter because they ca n't afford to buy a real heating system that runs on gas and electricity . 
  it has zero unemployment and it pays a lot but unfortunately stem is n't for everyone and not everyone can work as a programmer or as an engineer . 
  jobs here , especially one in the public sector are very hard to get because of corruption , you and your colleagues were lucky enough to find a great paying job in the private sector probably but such a high paying job is very hard to get even in richer cities like bucharest . 
  to get a job in the public sector that requires some sort of written test and interview is almost impossible to get unless you know certain people . 
  40 % of romania is still rural and very poor , my grandfather had a pension that was only a few hundreds lei big and he worked hard all his life in factories and on the field . 
  my grandparents relied on their animals and crops for food , mostly , and only used money to pay the bills and sometimes buy beer , sweets and vegetables that they could n't grow , their entire village was like that and it was n't such a poor village considering there are still areas in romania that do n't have access to electricity either . 
  my grandparents ' village did n't even have a sewage system or gas , they relied on fountains , wood and gas tanks to survive . 
  besides for a tv and a couple of light bulbs they were almost living like during the medieval times . 
  such a thing is unheard of in america , england , france and other developed countries . 
  looking at forum and reddit posts most people have n't even seen a cow in real life , but here in romania 40 % of the population have to rely on farm animals to survive . 
   and fucking hell stop looking to the government for help . 
  politicians from any country wo n't help you . 
  the best you can hope is that they stay out of your way . 
  fuck minimum wage . 
  your goal in life is n't to earn that . 
  if you push on that you 'll end up with a country full of chavs like the uk . 
  true dat but i do n't want to live in a welfare state but i do n't want to be negatively affected by the government either . 
  it 's stupid that i have to go to a private hospital to get treated because they 're far better equipped and i do n't have to bribe anyone . 
  it 's stupid that everything besides rent is as expensive or more expensive than in a much richer country like the uk . 
  i do n't care about beer being cheaper when i have to pay 300 $ for a phone that 's costs the same in the uk or costs 150 $ in america or a car being slightly cheaper despite romanians making on average a lot less than 80 % of what westerners ( or even some other eastern european countries like poland or hungary ) are making . 
  it 's silly because this country has lots of potential in tourism , agriculture , industry and we have mountains , access to water and we 're also in a great geographical position but corruption manages to ruin everything . 
   and you 're in the european union . 
  if that 's not opportunity i do n't know what is . 
  there 's no border between you and the rest of europe so use that !, 
  some of your countrymen know that and their ventures are taking over europe . 
  i 'll probably move to england ( despite censorship and lack of privacy ) or another nordic country after i brush up my english . 
  looking at old people and how they live here does n't encourage me to spend my entire life in romania contributing to it in any way . 
  i like this country , its history and its nature but a handful of people managed to ruin it . 
  you 're like an american living in silicon valley saying detroit and everywhere else in the usa is perfect . 
  you 've experienced the best romania has to offer . 
  do notice that the minimum wage in romania is 240 $ and you said your colleagues were making 2000 euros ( after taxes ?? 
  ) , meaning $ 2500 . 
  simple math says that your colleagues were making more than 10 times what a minimum wage worker makes in one month , meaning your friends worked only one month to get an amount of money a poor romanian would have to work their ass of * for an entire year * . 
  that 's an attractive salary everywhere in the world , but in romania it 's huge . 
  how can you consider yourself worthy of speaking for an entire country if you only lived near to people who were making thousands of euro a month ? 
  about 40 % of romania is rural . 
  i 'd love to see a peasant make 2000 a month shoveling manure , now that would be funny . 
  also , what a coincidence . 
  our president apparently makes 6700 lei a month which is about 2000 $ . 
  obama makes $ 33333 a month but i guess that 's appropriate for `` the most powerful man in the world '' . 
   see here 's the thing : i lived in bucharest for a while as an expat . 
  utilities only set me back about 600 lei and i was living it large in a 3 bedroom apartment so i do n't see how you can hit $ 300 in utilities . 
  i 'm paying almost 600 euros in utilities now in belgium . 
  note that i said `` small family '' . 
  also , minimum wage is 800 lei in romania and you just said that while being on your own you spent 600 lei on the bills alone and the government thinks that you can afford food , clothes and luxuries with those 200 lei that remain . 
  a traditional family made of a working father and a stay-at-home mother is difficult to sustain given those conditions . 
  the average wage in romania is about 1600 lei . 
  after you pay the utilities you 're left with 1000 lei which is 300 $ for non-romanians . 
  with 300 $ you have to afford new clothes , food , going out , watching movies , buy furniture and electronics like a tv ( a 40 inch tv is about 500 $ ) or a smartphone ( a nexus 5 , considered a midrange phone is 350 euro in romania ) . 
  most families also have only one person who works ( the father ) and has to sustain a few other family members or friends . 
   cars ? 
  they 're like 20 % cheaper than the prices in western europe and you have dacias cheaper than anywhere else and they are great cars . 
  i remember someone in my office bought a vw gold for 15000 euros while another friend of mine that was living in scandinavia bought almost the same model for 45000 euros . 
  romania is full of cars that have bulgarian license plates . 
  i 'll leave you to think about why that happens . 
  a car is 20 % cheaper but are salaries here only 20 % smaller than in the rest of europe ? 
  minimum wage in ** poland ** is almost double than it is in romania , about 400 euros . 
  minimum wage in poland is higher than the average wage in romania . 
  yes , that 's true , look it up . 
  do you think a romanian cares about 20 % cheaper cars when he struggles to make what in poland is considered the absolute minimum wage ? 
  and that 's poland , i wo n't even talk about germany , uk , france or goddamn scandinavia . 
  you 're being silly here . 
   electronics ? 
  are you fucking shitting me ? 
  i stocked up on electronics like crazy when i was living there . 
  i was buying the newest graphics cards and shipping them off to friends in europe where they could n't even get them nevermind the price !, 
  after i moved to belgium i had someone buy me the laptop in romania and send it to me because it cost half what it cost here !, 
  you mean second hand ? 
  an online shop that sells electronics even made an article saying that buying from other countries , especially from the uk is n't cheaper than buying from them . 
  http://blog.pcgarage.ro/magazin-pc-garage/componente-pc-mai-ieftine-%e2%80%9cafara%e2%80%9d-mit-sau-realitate/ here 's a gtx780 ti as an example : http://www.pcgarage.ro/placi-video/asus/geforce-gtx-780-ti-directcu-ii-oc-3gb-ddr5-384-bit/ http://www.amazon.co.uk/geforce-directcu-graphics-express-displayport/dp/b00hfmpmx6 3277 lei vs 2665 lei ( from uk , link below , same model ) . 
  even without the price cut amazon sells that gpu at 2750 lei . 
  my gpu , a 7850 , was about 1150 lei in romania . 
  in the uk it was always much cheaper . 
  in the usa my hd7850 was 180 $ at that time . 
  the popular entry level smartphone is moto g and it 's $ 130 in the usa , in romania it 's about $ 300 . 
   and do n't get me started on your internet . 
  gigabit internet for like what ... $ 15 us ? 
  mobile internet costs like $ 3 and it works everywhere . 
  gigabit is n't available everywhere though . 
  that 's the only good thing about living here , that and piracy laws that are n't enforced at all , and very rarely someone gets busted for cybernetic crimes . 
  and no , mobile internet is a bit more expensive than that . 
  the 3 $ / month internet you 're talking about is probably slow mobile internet that 's capped at about 100 or 200mb a month . 
   beeeeer !, 
  oh my freaking god i could buy a beer in a bar for one euro and it was n't a bargain bin brand . 
  it was only lagers but i can live with that . 
  since when is food a worry ? 
  even someone from the rural parts of the country can afford beer and almost anything he wants to eat . 
  why do you think villages are full of drunken hobos who pick fights with people all the time ? 
  alcohol is something everyone can afford and if they 're too poor to afford a beer chances are they 're living in a rural area where they have the means to make their own stuff like palinca , tuica , wine or whatever . 
   i will give you that the salaries are sometimes low ( though my romanian coworkers were taking home almost 2k euros after taxes ) but you pay next to nothing in income taxes . 
  what 's you income tax ? 
  flat 16 % ? 
  call me when you 're paying 45 % . 
  your vat is high but you have basically no property taxes . 
  back home in canada i am paying through the nose for not selling my apartment after moving out of it . 
  did you seriously compare canada to romania ?
