  canada is one of the best countries you can live in . 
  every wealthy romanian person moves to another country when they require medical aid , they know that money can buy better things than what romania 's free `` healthcare '' can provide . 
  and also , taxes are much higher . 
  you end up paying around 50 % of what you make after you take into account income tax ( 16 % ) , health tax , insurance and the other taxes that you have to pay . 
  i do n't know where you lived or where you worked but taxes here are so high that working illegally is extremely popular , even though it obviously has severe consequences . 
  people would rather sacrifice their pension than to starve to death working like a slave for minimum wage . 
   worst ? 
  you 're complaining your kids learn c++ and python ? 
  all the countries on this planet are desperate to introduce programming to the school curriculum and you are dissatisfied that your includes it ? 
  why ? 
  what possible reason could you have to complain about something like this ? 
  we 're talking about kids here . 
  children who are going through difficult times and do n't have time for all that . 
  c++ is considered a fairly low level language , it 's a bad choice for a first language . 
  it 's too complicated . 
  it 's not for everyone . 
  something more simple like java would 've been a better choice . 
  ** slamming a hundred books on a kids desk and telling him `` memorize all that or else ! '', 
  is n't education . 
  ** you ca n't force feed education and expect it to work . 
  paid tutors have become a trend here , you ca n't survive without one because there are specific rules you have to follow even when solving math problems . 
  you have to write in a specific , robotic way or else you lose points . 
  same goes for language tests and others . 
  everyone cheats during their tests here , teachers getting bribed and offering extra , paid classes to students ( in exchange for better grades of course ) is a huge problem here . 
  it 's such a big problem that instead of buying furniture or equipment for schools they 're put cameras everywhere . 
  and guess what , the moment cameras are installed , the average grades in that place drop significantly . 
   your highschool graduates can stand toe to toe with the stem universtiy graduates of other countries and you think this is a bad thing ? 
  what is this bizzaro world ? 
  you mean hypothetically or in practice ? 
  it 's a bit optimistic to hope such a thing . 
  because every year about 60-80 % students fail the bacalaureat exam that they need to pass in order to graduate university . 
  that 's how much old literature , derivatives , integrals and c++ matters to 80 % of the romanian population . 
  if you 're a country full of poverty and corruption you ca n't hope to achieve what the usa , england , japan and other more advanced countries could n't . 
  it 's been proven that poverty and education greatly affect someone 's iq . 
  that 's why romania has a fairly low average iq . 
  the 3rd or 2nd lowest in eu from what i saw here : http://www.photius.com/rankings/national_iq_scores_country_ranks.html * sorry for the long reply and the many types of currencies used . 
  but i 'm sure that you 'll either write tl ; dr or insult me . 
  well it 's too late to delete this now that i 've wasted so much time so here i go . 
  are you implying that britain is any different compared to the rest of the world and the average voter is n't close to being brain dead ? 
  * i did n't mean to insult anyone that 's why i said some people ( the average person ) are n't that bright and would eat up any shit a politician says if it appeals to them in any way . 
  * most dumb people already think that romanians = cave dwelling gypsies . 
  instigating violence or hatred towards romanians and other minorities would n't take too much effort . 
  if the average person was a genius we would n't have had half of europe under communism and someone like hitler would n't have been popular enough to become the ruler of a country and start a world war . 
  america would n't have voted bush and nsa would n't have existed for so long if the average person was n't an insensitive dumbfuck that 's eager to spy on other people 's emails and steal their nude photos ( and [ share them ] ( http://news.msn.com/us/snowden-nsa-employees-are-passing-around-nude-photos-1 ) ) . 
  all of that happened mostly due to the dumb masses . 
  true , i do n't know what race or nationality has to do with anything if that group of people are legal immigrants who are working hard and therefor contribute to the country . 
  how can you compare 2 human beings and say one of them is superior to the other juts because the country they were born in has a different name ? 
  inciting hatred towards an already vulnerable minority is downright machiavellian , i do n't know what made farage think it was appropriate to say such a thing . 
  it 's even worse considering he 's a public person , a politician that has enough influence to sway the masses . 
  we 're maintaining our situation , but life here has n't changed much . 
  we pay some of the highest taxes in the world , life for businesses here is a nightmare , bureaucracy is something you have to deal with every day and it 's a pain in the ass . 
  i pay 24 % vat and a ton of other taxes for everything and stuff like cars or electronics are much more expensive than in the west . 
  usually it 's much cheaper to buy things from amazon.de or amazon.co.uk and that 's incredibly sad considering that the british or the germans make a lot more money than we do . 
  a small family living in bucharest needs about $ 300 a month just for utilities , but on the other hand the minimum wage is about 240 $ and it 's hard to get a better paying job unless you work in engineering/it or have relations and know who to bribe . 
  the worst part is the healthcare , hospitals are so filthy they have cockroaches in them most of the time , even in the capital . 
  westerners have to worry about airborne diseases but our worries are even bigger and easier to spot with the naked eye . 
  nurses and medics do n't give a shit about you unless you bribe them a little ( and most people ca n't afford that so they 're treated like shit , nurses yell at them , leave them to die , etc ) . 
  the second worst thing about this country is the education system and the government . 
  kids are expected to read dozens of novels , learn c++ / python ( in high schools where they focus on math-related subjects ) and university level math meaning things like integrals , limits , derivatives , matrices and other stuff that most americans do n't know anything about until the first year of uni . 
  the laws are also formulated in a very ambiguous way so that influential people can get away with anything if they have relations and money . 
  the only good part is that the crime rate is very low , even with all these gypsies ( and their gypsy clans ) and the poverty in the rural areas . 
  corruption is very strong though . 
  i do n't know anyone in the parliament with a clean record . 
  sorry for the long post but that 's everything you need to know about romania . 
  hurp durp i want equality , but i 'd rather have a german as a neighbor than a romanian family . 
  and i say this as a public person , knowing that the dumb masses in my country will take what i said literally and my words will create even more animosities between immigrants and the rest of the population . 
  please vote for me and fuck eu !, 
  by the way , hope you do n't mind if we install more cctvs and sign more agreements with the other 5eyes countries so that we can legally spy on our population indirectly . 
  take that eu !, 
  do n't tell us what is right or wrong !, 
   in a 2014 interview on lbc radio farage said that he would feel `` concerned '' if a group of romanian men moved next door to him . 
  when the reporter inquired what would be the difference between romanian men moving next door and a group of german children , in reference to nigel farage 's german wife and children , farage replied : `` you know the difference . '', 
  well that 's funny because this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income#by_ancestry_or_ethnicity shows that romanian americans have an average income of $ 64,390 as opposed to german americans that make less $ 59,383 . 
  the average income in the usa is apparently $ 51,914 . 
  the article gets its data from http://factfinder2.census.gov/faces/tableservices/jsf/pages/productview.xhtml?pid=acs_10_sf4_b19013&amp;prodtype=table so correct me if i 'm wrong , maybe it 's a bad source . 
  since romanians make more than germans ( legally ) how would it make sense commenting that all romanians are filthy gypsies who would rather stab a granny and steal 20 pounds from her than work at a stable job ? 
  they appear to be more hard working than germans are , and unless usa is the land of opposites i do n't think things are so much different in the uk that romanians are worse than trash . 
  when i read that quote i felt the same as i felt when obama claimed he could 've been trayvon ( a criminal ) . 
  what the fuck man ? 
  do n't these politicians know politics 101 ? 
  you do n't comment on an ongoing case by trying to stir up trouble in exchange for a bit of popularity and you do n't attack a minority just because a couple of illegal gypsy immigrants gave them a bad name . 
  that 's so childish and is such a disgusting way to gain approval or votes . 
  it 's even more dangerous considering that most people are gullible idiots who copy everything they hear on tv and from people . 
  saying these things as the potus or as a candidate for mp in britain is just ... silly . 
  i 'm really at a loss for words . 
  it 's crazy that people like these rule some of the most powerful countries in the world and are n't more mentally mature than a 4th grader that laughs at an indian classmate and calls him `` curry breath '' . 
  what the fuck mayne ? 
  not even a miracle can save romania though . 
  http://www.sebastianbargau.ro/2010/03/31/ghid-practic-cum-sa-obtii-permisul-de-port-arma-pentru-autoaparare/ you do n't even need to know romanian to notice that 's a huge ass guide , full of hundreds of complicated steps that involve a great deal of bureaucracy and large numbers ( meaning lots of taxes ) that make legally obtaining a `` gun '' a nightmare . 
  i said `` gun '' because it 's actually a toy that shoots rubber bullets . 
  sure , it can probably break a couple of ribs but i do n't see how that could stop someone that 's determined to kill you , it 's like trying to stop an elephant with a 9mm gun . 
  there are also many laws restricting their use . 
  as far as i know only prosecutors , judges , policemen , gendarmes and people in the army can get a gun that shoots real bullets , and only in * some * cases , not all the time . 
  you ca n't get a knife either , anything bigger than metal toothpick is considered an illegal `` white arm '' . 
  obviously , those laws are n't worth shit and gypsies are running around with machetes , katana swords ( katanas ? 
  japanese has no plural i think ) and cleavers chopping people left and right when clan wars happen . 
  curiously , the laws restrict the width of the blade more than they restrict the length , and double edged knives are even more illegal . 
  is n't stabbing deadlier than slashing ? 
  almost any kind of weapon is illegal , including tasers . 
  pepper sprays are legal though , but you need a permit for that too .
