the french ... beat us ? . . 
  also , who cares if they 're running away , there 's very little chance they 'll get back anyway . 
  what bit ? 
  this would mean a five fold increase , which is is n't nearly as impressive as poland 's increase from 60,000 to 600,000 . 
  better luck next time italy . 
  edit ; wow , lithuania went from 4,363 to 130,000 , in ten years . 
  the mob has always been present in the u.k. 
  this might boost their numbers slightly , but the mafia are nowhere near the same position of power they once had . 
  i doubt we 'd see much of a difference in organised crime . 
  they want a point based system implemented , which means that every person gets a good shot at getting into the u.k as long as they have something we need , despite their national background . 
  thsi could mean less people form pakistan and more people from , say south america , it 's too hard to say where they would be coming from , just that there would be much less people . 
  also it 's hard to argue to european side as well , as free movement means a lot of roma can get into the country and have caused a bit of damage and nuisances . 
  really , every country has their own group of horrible people . 
  sounds almost like the scottish exit . 
  all of my what . 
  because the islamic state really just do n't have any brain cells ? 
   great britain will always trump sweden . 
  that is not something you hear too often actually . 
  ah , right , sorry , i was a bit confused . 
  edit ; just read it and we 're one behind the u.s ; _ ;, 
  do you mean the u.k ? 
  sometimes , i ask myself , are the french really trying ? 
  also , as if russia get 's some colonies but poland gets none . 
  so he was just over exaggerating ? 
  or was labour being labour ? 
  you realize that ed is an atheist right ? 
  all of the labour party are . 
  they been committed to a secular party for a few decades now . 
  i thought that was just people coming . 
  thanks . 
  i had no idea we took in this many from outside the eu . 
  i knew we took some in ... 
  but we make up a third of 2.4 m on that graph . 
  how do we even take that many in ? 
  is this outside of the eu too ? 
  are we single handily brain draining the eu ? 
  edit ; i was wrong . 
  i 'm voting for him knowing that he wo n't take that eu withdrawal seriously . 
  it 's quite obvious he 's pro-eu and does the whole charade just to keep potential ukip ` ers in the party . 
  if he get 's voted in i 'm betting this is how it 's going to go ; * starts up a fuss about leaving * get 's on the renegotiation table * get 's some new human rights and immigration powers * declares the eu reformed to the u.k 's needs . 
  he 'll probably then reduce outside eu immigration to make the statistics look good . 
  as annoying as it is , i 'm willing to put up with it just as long as we do n't leave . 
  which yougov poll ? 
  i ca n't find it ? 
  oh , yeah , i 'm sure he 's a great , you do n't get to the top of the labour party without a lot of skills . 
  he just seems to suck in the being human department . 
  more like ed spilliband . 
  [ more like ed milibot . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrhzol9o0uq ) i 'd say nigel farage is a bit more populist than cameron . 
  but i would n't say cameron is too bad . 
  if i had to chose our next leaders it would probably be between him and nick clegg . 
  if nick had his way i think everything would have gone smoothly personally . 
  i 'd have voted for 2010 nick clegg but he still should have given himself some fall back in the event he never got that majority . 
  i do n't expect him to be able to predict whether or not he 'll get the votes but he should n't have promised something that was wayyy out of his reach . 
  there was no way he was going to get enough votes to beat both labour and conservatives . 
  he should have known that and promised to fight for no raise in tuition fee 's . 
  in an ideal world nick would have gotten the majority he needed and kept that promise but he did n't and he should have known he could n't have beaten the two major parties . 
  i still respect him for trying though . 
  better than labour who brought in scottish mp 's to vote on an english and welsh matter . 
  the u.k ? 
  i welcome our non-euro brother 's . 
  he should n't have promised it then . 
  deputy prime minister still holds a lot of weight and as if the raising of tuition fee 's in anyway helped the economy get better . 
  i do n't blame nick clegg but he should have known that he was n't going to have the political pull to be able stop tuition fee 's going up , and he definitely should n't have based a lot of his campaign around it . 
  out of three the leaders we could have now i would arguably say he is first if he had a bit of a spine , definitely beats ed millipede and would beat cameron in my books if he just got out there a bit more . 
  to be honest i would n't have minded if they had put an unlimited cap on tuition fee 's . 
  at least then universities might actually compete for students instead of each one arbitrarily raising their fee 's to # 9,000 together . 
  before anyone thinks they 've been infiltrated by a far left islamic group , they 've always been fucking idiotic . 
  the only note-worthy thing they have ever done is is get lib dem leader nick clegg to sign something on not increasing tuition fee 's . 
  he then immediately went on to not stop the increase in tuition fee 's . 
  they 're pretty much just edgy left wingers , who will never hold an inch of power . 
  the only reason i 'm signed up to them is because i get 20 % off at topman and i bet over 90 % of the people signed on do n't ' even realise these people do anything . 
  yeah , i understand , i have n't got anything against gay people . 
  well , at least he is n't serving time . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , i do n't think someone should be arrested for watching this , but is watching fabricated cp a slippery slope to watching real cp ? 
  obviously that 's not true for every case , but it 's still something to consider . 
  outright banning this is not the way to go about it though . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right , i 'm just personally a little weirded out , no need for it to be banned because of it though , that was n't what i was saying . 
  i guess you 're right , i do n't know though . 
  it 's just a bit too weird for me but i guess it would lead to a slippery slope . 
   but the sentence will be suspended if hoque maintains good behavior and follows the court 's requirements for two years . 
  not really sentenced for certain yet . 
  i think the next big question is how do people feel about drawings of little girls ? 
  as odd as it is does it deserve a prison sentence ? 
  obviously it 's not on the same level as actual cp but is it still weird enough to be sentenced ? 
  pretty grey area . 
  as long as parents actually do their job and do n't rely on the government to do everything for them , yeah , i 'd say they are . 
  at this point most of the worlds governments have blocked most of the dangerous sites and pages to the point were you have to actively know what you 're looking for or have a lot of dumb luck . 
  it sometimes depends on the company but all my mates houses have n't had to opt out of anything , though they were asked if they wanted a filter . 
  not unless you request it, 
  not as bad as i thought it would be . 
  if anything i would say this is more of a problem for the developing countries . 
  eventually they 're going to have matured populations that are well educated and will have to go through the exact same thing most of the developed world is going through . 
  we 're lucky in the sense that we have a small population right now . 
  when countries like india and china have to go through this though ... 
  what 's weird about this graph is that the rise of ukip has been a large loss for labour , not the conservatives . 
  just thought that was a little odd . 
  yeah , sorry for not stating i meant the mean , i 've edited my previous comment to make it more clearer . 
   would you say that the mean was more accurate at pointing out how well off civilians are or the median though ? 
  i would personally say the mean .
