  why would a simple , undeniable , completely true fact be considered terrorism ? 
  it would be barbaric to suggest otherwise . 
  i think it 's actually a good show of unity that everyone in the united kingdom managed to call the police on this one van . 
  / s not everyone in the u.k hates iran . 
  maybe it 's because iran still is n't looked at very well here due to the previous terrorist attacks . 
  declaring that your foreign country is great will not get you a visit from the police . 
  while i think that it was mostly unfounded fear that made people call the police . 
  i personally would n't find a van like that too dangerous and i 'd be much more concerned about van saying `` i love saudi arabia '' . 
  i like how the picture has two people just merrily getting on with their day . 
  that being said it 's such a weird statement to have plastered on your van . 
  lucky shit , i have a church down the road from mine that rings it 's bells every 2 god damn hours . 
  something wrong definitely happened . 
   the norwegian central bank ( 5,15 % ) what are they planning ... 
  that 's why he said in europe . 
  foreign countries buy british related products , such as the u.k flag on handbags , listen to their comedians and music , got their to see it 's sights , play the video games that it produces , admires the scientists that come out of the country , watch u.k television listen to news companies from the u.k and use the countries slang , etc. 
  stuff that , while on outside may look like little bits of entertainment and media , actually has a huge effect on people image of the country . 
  it helps massively that the u.k 's primary language is english which is the most spoke second language in the world . 
  without that benefit i do not see our country generating anywhere near the same level of soft power . 
  yeah , it 's why i said the loan was probably one of the best we 're going to get in life . 
  still a loan none-the-less, 
  as someone who should be entering university education here i personally believe that the threshold should be a little higher . 
  the reason that students are so annoyed is because they 're watching people who had the chance at a free education throw away our chances . 
  while the system is quite fair , and going to be the best loan we 'll probably get , there is still quite a bit frustration about some of the hypocrisy . 
  removing the maintenance grant was just a bit of a kick in the teeth though . 
  ** main points of the article **  the office for national statistics ( ons ) said the economy grew by 0.4 % in the quarter , compared with an earlier estimate of 0.3 % . 
   on an annual basis , the economy grew by 2.9 % from the first quarter of 2014 , up from a previous estimate of 2.4 % . 
   john longworth , director-general of the british chambers of commerce , warned the current account deficit was `` as big of a risk to the uk 's future prosperity as the eurozone crisis or other international shocks '' adding it was `` high time this stark fact is recognised '' . 
  a little ironic but cease * not seize . 
  a lot of the money for our upgrades has alreay been allocated , most of the navy , the destoryers , submarines , carriers and the new f-35 are new . 
  they 've put money aside for new maritime patrol aircraft and for the new frigates as well . 
  that being said , i 'm not too sure where this money will be taken away from . 
   the mod said britain will meet the nato commitment to spend 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense this year , despite the # 500 million in cuts . 
  all that matters in my opinion . 
  also # 500 million is not that much in the u.k 's massive # 36 billion sized budget . 
  the british government is really transparent about everything they do so it 's really easy to find out about anything including the military . 
  for finding out deployments about pretty much any royal navy vessel , besides the submarine fleet , you can just go on the royal navy website and click on the ship you want to find out about . 
  http://www.royalnavy.mod.uk/our-organisation/the-fighting-arms/surface-fleet that 's for the surface fleet , the submarine fleet deployments are kept understandably secret . 
  edit : also props to the government for using incredibly competent web designers . 
  the website is easy to navigate and looks very nice as well . 
   six passengers detained by police for ` drinking their own alcohol ' and ` smoking on flight ' for times when the party just * ca n't * wait . 
  they 're all busy right now . 
  hms daring is currently undergoing serious troop training in the u.k , hms dauntless is in portsmouth preparing for orders , hms diamond has just undergone a massive refit and is about to receive further orders , hms defender is touring the u.k , awaiting further orders , hms dragon is currently in the south atlantic patrolling the falklands and sandwich isles and the hms duncan is currently in the middle east . 
  yeah , that 's the speech i remember . 
  very good speech as well , if the no side had kept that up for the entire campaign then it would have been a landslide no win in my opinion . 
  i 'm english and he made me proud to be scottish . 
  he came in at the very end , he was n't campaigning the whole time . 
  a bad move in my mind . 
  he should have been leading the no campaign rather than whoever else was put in charge . 
  like i said before , he can be alright if he actually wants to . 
   we were talking about inspirational figures . 
  i see where you 're coming from but that one time he showed up for the independence referendum he was pretty good . 
   lost a lot of his popularity . 
  i 'd say he 's still pretty popular . 
  did pretty well in the leader debates . 
   would those be able to persuade the english as well ? 
  scotland is already largely pro-eu . 
  he could probably do well in scotland , wales and parts of england yes . 
  i doubt many people in england even know who he is . 
  most people i know do n't and i consider myself in a anti-eu area . 
   mudroch 's `` empire '' is not some totalitarian top-down structure , are n't there multiple steps of ownership there ? 
  he seems to have direct control of what is published in the u.k.  and anyway , bullying your employees to - or even telling them - how to vote is the best way to create a huge shitstorm and possibly force fence-sitters to vote against you . 
  it worked for discrediting ed miliband . 
  no , but if your boss tells you not to do something , people tend not to do it . 
  they have a few inspirational figures , gordon brown , nick clegg and alex salmond , arguably nicola sturgeon as well . 
  but no one near nigel 's level of charisma . 
  [ murdoch himself has come out as pro-eu ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3104119/huge-boost-prime-minister-murdoch-does-u-turn-europe-says-stay-in.html ) and wants the u.k to remain inside of it , what his subordinates think is irrelevant . 
  it 's not called the `` murdoch media empire '' because they all decide which way they want to lean their bias ', 
  the pro-eu side has half the conservatives , labour , greens , snp , plaid cymru , murdoch 's media quite a few inspirational figures like you said , jeremy clarkson . 
  i 'd say the sides are pretty even , leaning on the stay-in campaign due to the massive amount of people backing it . 
  hopefully that wo n't be used to their disadvantage with disorganization . 
  that being said , i 'm pro-eu but i 'll admit farage is a talented speaker . 
  but the man is like marmite , you love him or you hate him , so i 'm not sure if he 'll be able to pull over many pro-eu members due to this rift . 
  i do n't know the other two enough to comment , sadly . 
   the better together side was also a very poor one . 
  that too . 
  the entire campaign was just a mess for the no side and the yes side managed to take advantage of that . 
  as someone from england i 'm willing to admit that they achieved that result because the independence side was brilliant . 
  the events they put on , the atmosphere , the dedication is what should have been a landslide victory for no , turned into a close call . 
  it 's going to be a lot about whether the euroskeptic side can pull off the same level of dedication in order to swing people and make them vote against the status-quo . 
   french and indian war we just called it the seven years war in my school . 
  i know , i posted the article on / r/libyancrisis . 
  the article says that the problem was caused by domestic disturbances , not foreign intervention . 
  the u.k and france just took advantage of it when it actually accumulated . 
  france and the u.k took part , but where by no means the instigators of the libyan revolution , that had been a hot put for a while . 
  it 's fine , the only reason i 've been able to keep up-to-date with it all is because i have been following / r/libyancrisis which is pretty active with news . 
  i can understand your view point as well , but like most wars , the who started them is blurry and up for debate . 
  i 'd say that the international war was started by nato because he started the civil war . 
  but the series of events that lead the coalition starting a no fly zone occurred because he sent government troops to forcefully recapture a benghazi from protesters , when a promise of reform was all he needed . 
  after that it just erupted into a civil war which then lead to the international involvement . 
  i personally am not happy with how the operation was carried out . 
  while there is a democratic government in libya we seem incapable of helping it like we should have with peacekeeping forces after the bombing . 
  but i still have confidence that the libyan people will pull through this stronger than before and with a much more fair government . 
  no country looks good a few years after an armed revolution , this has been apparent throughout history . 
  and it 's hard to argue that the west would even install a puppet regime considering the dignity gov , the most legitimate and internationally recognised is democratic , which is harder to control than a dictator . 
  his dreams of pan-africanism however would have been dead from the start . 
  pretty much all african countries have trouble keeping their own countries together , never mind uniting other governments . 
  the instability that started was obviously as good as time as any and that is probably why the u.s and the e.u decided to strike then and get rid of a dictator who was n't good for their goals . 
  but like i said though , the casus beli of getting rid of a horrible dictator , which eh was , also helped . 
  i see the democracy and human rights aspect as one of the major 3 points in my opinion . 
  democracies help create stable governments , which helps increase trade in the mediterranean , which is what the e.u wants , a democracies are accountable by the people , thus better human rights , thus less internal hatred for the leaders of the countries .
