  congrats , it 's not news we hear often in europe . 
  they 're working for good pay and zero-hour contracts are n't most of the employed , they 're mostly taken on by people like me , students , who have to get work around their school schedule . 
  it 's alright , you speak better english than i do french . 
  germans can post their achievements too , i doubt anyone would not like them to post their unemployment figures if there 's an update . 
  for every new job created , immigrants take up 20 of them , and 32 of them are romanian . 
  as someone not acquainted with spanish politics , where would you put him ? 
  not for me personally , but you 're not really convincing many people posting it on sub on reddit that tends to be anti-uk . 
  but still , if the british people democratically decide to leave the e.u , that 's up to them , same with the people of scotland when they had a chance to leave the u.k. no matter how much of a drag it is , it was decided by the people . 
  is it really the responsibility of the u.k to look after others ? 
  the government has one job , to oversee the safety of it 's citizens , not europe 's . 
  i think they have taken in something close to a million syrians . 
  apparently some sort of civil war going on around there or something ? 
  good lord the british rations looks good . 
  you should cross post this to / r/militaryporn as well op . 
  for a quarter it 's alright . 
  really ? 
  they were one of the first to legalise gay marriage . 
  edit : even if it is on a state level . 
   is it because the uk does it , and therefore you think it 's normal ? 
  no , i 'm worried about it in case they actually do it , the government there seems like a type that would if they took over the islands . 
   well , that 's demonization . 
  can you blame me ? 
  this is a country that still invaded another country . 
   how is it twisted ? 
  `` argentina threatens the falklands with new russian bombers . 
  government increases garrison defenses . '', 
  a country which has , once again shown that it is dedicated to claiming the islands in recent news , such as , once again putting the islands on their money and constantly using it is a way of to distract the populace away from corruption allegations of the fernandez government . 
  on top of the economic crisis in argentina , i 'd say a desperate government makes a desperate government . 
   sometimes countries get aircrafts because the existing ones are just falling apart ... and argentina can get better planes , i just wish it came at a more peaceful time . 
   well , let 's not start pointing fingers to crimes against humanity . 
  just because one country has done it mean that it 's okay for another country to do it . 
  that still is n't a reason for me not to be worried about the people of falklands . 
  what did they do in those crimes ? 
  are you saying that because the british have committed war crimes their forceful removal from their homes is justified ? 
  [ are you acting like argentina has a beautiful record of human rights ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_argentina )  what they are saying is that they are just british citizens . 
  they are n't an independent or autonomous population that weighs both alternatives and chooses the uk . 
  they are just uk citizens . 
  yes they are british citizens . 
  british citizens who live on the falkland islands . 
  they are therefore falklanders . 
  but the government does n't recognise them , thus they do n't believe that anyone lives on the island , just trespassers with no claim to their own home , some families who have lived on that island for decades . 
   the point is that they are already represented in negotiations by the british government . 
  they are n't a third party . 
  what i do n't get is how do you get from that to massive deportation . 
  i brought it up because the argentine foreign minister still does n't recognise them as falklanders . 
  just british people on a rock they own . 
  not people who have lived on their generations . 
  and the fact they do n't recognise them their means that they probably think they can ship those people the british mainland because they are just `` trespassers '' on their territory . 
  this means that their forceful removal would be justified as they have no right to live on the islands , in their own eyes . 
   exactly . 
  the argument is that there are n't `` falkland islanders '' as a separate entity from `` british '' . 
  they are just british . 
  how is that not recognising the islanders are n't there ? 
  unless argentina plans on forcefully moving the entire population of the falklands off the island [ which would constitute as a war crime against humanity . 
  ] ( https://www.ictj.org/sites/default/files/ictj-research-brief-displacement-criminal-justice-andreu-guzman.pdf ), 
   of course they recognize they live there , where did you get that idea ? 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/falklandislands/9852717/no-such-thing-as-falkland-islanders-says-argentine-foreign-minister.html, 
  no , they threaten them . 
  they refuse to recognise that they live there , [ they have their homes are argentinian money ] ( http://en.mercopress.com/data/cache/noticias/49234/0x0/mlv-money.jpg ) !, 
  [ how is that not threatening ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-26860278 ), 
  does he know it 's upside down ? 
  i do n't see the islanders affecting argentina . 
  yet the government still insists on bothering them . 
  given more time i 'm sure they could have learnt ore about it . 
  it 's just that it was dismissed right off the bat because it was a pretty terribly planned . 
  the av referendum was a joke and rushed . 
  if it actually was revolutionary then people would have been inclined to vote for it . 
  just let him chat shit . 
  they hate american , british , russian , swiss and turkish users all alike . 
  this place has become a shit hole ever since it became a default . 
  to think i supported a federalised e.u once . 
  i agree . 
  do they think the u.k is the only country doing this ? 
  almost finished horus rising myself now , it 's fun getting a space marines perspective on things that are n't just how to kill aliens . 
  we 've been getting a lot of europeans recently , both from the south and some new groups from the east , on top of that , eastern europeans are the ethnic groups in the u.k who have the most children , with poland being at the top . 
  not really , if one of my employee 's was watching porn at work instead of doing their job i would fire them pretty quickly . 
  i have n't got time that for that shit . 
  i thought it was about them saying `` south ossetia was stating an alliance and soft anexation ? '', 
  the website is actually alright no that i look at it on my pc on mobile it was terrible though . 
  dear lord that is one horrible website . 
  edit : on mobile *, 
  `` you 're bad . '', 
  from your report :  poland is the most common non-uk maternal country of birth in the uk , with around 23,000 births in 2011 . 
  it is the most common in each of the four uk countries and in london , reflecting the wide geographical distribution of women born in poland . 
  there were 196,000 non-uk births in the u.k and poles made up 12 % of those births . 
  middle east and african birth rate have been decreasing in the u.k for quite a while now . 
  apparently germans make up next largest for the e.u with 5,100 births , however romanians and hungarians might have eclipsed this now . 
  they also have the most kids too , of all the immigrant groups . 
  on top of that large increases from eastern europe and sharp declines from new commonwealth countries should put them on the top by now . 
  i thought polish was our biggest ? 
  if it was n't then , it definitely is now considering the jump from 60,000 to 646,000 in the space of ten years . 
  damn . 
  i think even with the `` common foreign policy '' this 'll have a much larger chance of happening . 
  immigraion is becoming way too sore of an issue for every european country . 
  i 'm sure every leader would like to boast `` i helped stop illegal immigration ! '', 
  fucking finally . 
  this should have been done a long time ago . 
  co-operation with our border states , we 'll invest in immigration centers and then we can also pay them for every ship they stop from leaving their own borders .
