  sorry , i was thinking of the mean , the median however is n't really an accurate prediction for telling how well off citizens are in a country , no ? 
  true , but incredibly high paying jobs can also skew that figure , despite them being few in number . 
  edit ; i 'm thinking of the mean , sorry for the confusion . 
  [ here is the article . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/sep/26/anjem-choudary-released-on-bail ) weirdly , all of his friends were kept in while he was released on bail, 
  in the morning i 'll link a very recent news article where he and several others travelling with him were arrested . 
  he , however , was bailed and his `` friends '' have been kept inside . 
  he 's also responsible for most of the islam 4 uk protests you see with about 8 followers , all of which are usually the same people . 
  i think they 've kept him doing this because they know how to keep track of him . 
  of course this all just r/conspiracy level stuff , he 's probably just a cunt who has connections and is too stupid to realize he 's constantly fucking over his accomplacies . 
  i personally do n't believe he is an mi5 source , but i can not deny he has gotten a lot of potentially dangerous people arrested simply by working alongside him . 
  i 'm confident he is being monitored . 
  he 's been arrested numerous times . 
  the main reason people are beginning to believe he has n't been arrested for good yet is because he is so good at getting his friends arrested . 
  he 's a brilliant honeypot and some even call him an mi5 source . 
  i was only joking , mate . 
   but seriously though , it is shit . 
  it 's not our fault it 's shit . 
  he went there to help muslims . 
  he only wanted to help and he was beheaded . 
  every country in europe , at some point , was an arsehole . 
  you know it 's good satire when people are actually annoyed . 
  not really , he was more accepted into and wanted than the current king . 
  more of a family issue among the royals than a foreign invasion . 
  these past few months have been quite fun for british politics . 
  shame i do n't really agree with ukip . 
  that must have been weird to explain . 
  alternatively , one spaceship , bombs cities from orbit until enough people die and the other team gives up . 
  / u/verochio made a brilliant post on / r/unitedkingdom about the breakdown of the stats ; http://en.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/2gn6hg/unemployment_falls_by_146000_to_202m/ckkoov0, 
   the conservative immigration minister , james brokenshire said : `` our reforms have cut net migration by a quarter since the peak under the last government - and have led to net migration from outside the eu falling to levels not seen since the 1990s . 
  holy shit , i kind of feel sorry for the conservatives , their promise of reducing immigration to the tens of thousands would have been impossible even if they cut all immigration from outside of the eu . 
  it 's pretty important to europeans , imagine russia slowly climbing up to mexico city and attacking panama . 
  you 'd be pretty paranoid too . 
  what are you talking about ?!, 
  do n't you understand that germany would never spy on it 's allies like you filthy americans did !, 
  that 's most peoples experience with border patrol . 
  they act like that to a lot of people and i 've heard a few of the stories about the way they treat people . 
  i would n't say spanish people are personally targeted . 
  to add to that though i live near liverpool and i 've actually noticed a large jump in the number of spanish people in the city which i thought was a little weird . 
  as undemocratic as the house of lords is , they do a pretty magnificent job at stopping stupid crap getting through . 
  hopefully ? 
  maybe in 4 years time . 
  this year it lasted a whole week !, 
  argentina is a white majority country but people found out if you tell them they 're not they get really annoyed and non-argentinians found it hilarious . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of the ukip votes were a protest vote against the three mains in the u.k. , liberal democrats , labour and conservatives , sadly does n't change the fact that these parties are incredibly anti eu who can use this news in order to further more angst and distrust in the eu . 
  i can pretty safely say that there are a lot of eurosceptics in the u.k. 
  especially among the older groups . 
  junker is more eu fedaralist , which means more intergration and powers to the eu . 
  many of the countries in the eu recentley displayed their eurosceptism with massive gains to parties such as ukip and the french national front in the recent eu elections . 
  about a week later junker gets volunteered for president whivh goes against pretty much the message most people were trying to send in the recent elections . 
  this has caused friction with david cameron and jumker . 
  little esti apparently also made the 2 % gdp targets as well . 
  who would 've thunk it . 
  greece is of genius though , it 's not as if germoney can get it 's money back from a sub . 
  who would attack a sub ? 
  jesus , [ some how the u.k , u.s and ... greece met their targets . 
  how does france , germany and canada not commit but somehow greece can . 
  ] ( http://www.asoulforeurope.eu/sites/www.asoulforeurope.eu/files/media_pdf/asfe%20gdp%20targets%20in%20international%20organisations.pdf ), 
  that 's what i was thinking . . 
  bit weird , especially for the bbc . 
  [ still says that it 's in europe for me . 
  this coming from the u.k. ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4a8h5br.png ), 
  you 're a pretty bad troll . 
  you should be more subtle and lead the replier into a trap to play there own quites against them , instead of flat out changing the subject to just blantaly annoy people . 
  in the same way that you 're the voice of the u.s.a. maybe . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  well , the russian soldiers are terrorizing innocent people just trying to report the news . 
  i think that does fit the criteria for a `` terrorist '' . 
  i do n't see why people are so eager to defend the term . 
  i do n't think that a u.s.e. 
  would be too great , sure there are perks , a massive united military , more geopolitical influence and a more descive foreign policy . 
  but , in my opinion , one of the reasons the e.u. 
  is successful is because it 's members can look out for their own interests and pursue their owm agendas to suit their countries . 
  this allows for more finacial diversity and gives people a much larger sense of independence . 
  something that the u.s. could never really achieve . 
  he ca n't really choose who rents his property . 
  he 's just another landlord trying to make a profit off of their property . 
  this does make sense , why should the u.k. have to share a currency with a country that wants complete independence and also expects to lower taxes on corporations to compete . 
  also if scotland does fall into an economic crisis it 's going to be the u.k. who will take a large hit as well . 
  these risks should not be put on us if you want to be an independent country . 
  i think politically enforcing english as mandatory is not the way to go about it . 
  it would probably upset a lot of people because of cultural heritage . 
  i say just let it naturally happen . 
  if people want to learn it , let them , if not , do n't add benefits for people who do learn it . 
  he better have taken three of our jobs to make up for it . 
  `` we must find out how he managed to make that hat so big ! '', 
  yeah , i guess but even then there 's that part of me that when i 'm asked this type of question when i 'm in the u.k. 
  i will probably say england . 
  i assume they gathered data from here rather than abroad so i would think it would apply but i do n't know really . 
  could just be me . 
  i 'm going out on a limb here but i have to take a guess that it 's because maybe the people who asked them were british as well . 
  if someone from your own country asks where you 're from i doubt your going to say britain because it 's obvious . 
  i think most people here narrowed it down to there specific place in the country because a lot of the people i know still refer to themselves as british abroad despite most of them being english . 
  at least our ships reach our customers . 
  abadi has done much better at cracking down on corruption , and is n't subtley persecuting sunni 's like maliki was . 
  the only problem is that he came to power in the middle of the isis crisis so he has a lot of work on his hands . 
  this is already classed as child porn now . 
  that is why this is being dealt with in this manner . 
   the boy , aged 14 that 's already underage . 
  i do n't see why this is news .
