  the tobruk government currently control well over half of the country , and the dawn government owns less than a third . 
  [ the red is the dignity government , the green is the dawn government . 
  the dignity government has also been making advances as well . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/libyan_civil_war.png/270px-libyan_civil_war.png ) the fact that a country is in a state of instability after a civil war should n't suprise anyone . 
  stability does n't always mean a happy and prosperous country . 
  there are many ways to keep stability . 
  and at the end of gaddafi 's rule libya was not a stable country due to his actions . 
  you do ' t have to live in a a country to see that some people are being treated horribly elsewhere . 
  if the people , and i mean the majority like the arab spring had , of another country decide to ask for help from our government and we had the means of getting rid of them then we should help . 
  should we always sit idly by as innocents are massacred just so we can have the justification of saying that we had no part of it so it should n't involve us ? 
  i can assure your now that the many people new who gaddafi was in the u.k and he was hated person . 
  he had links to the 7/7 bombing and has in the past been known to fund and arm the ira . 
  the british public knew all about him and tony blair got a lot of flak for associating with him . 
   my point is we did n't aid the rebels because we wanted to fight for human rights and democracy . 
  i do n't personally believe it was because of all democracy and human rights but it was definitely one of the reasons , but not the decider . 
  but going back to your original point , the u.k and france were not responsible for this war , gaddafi was . 
  just because we do n't topple all the worlds most horrible regimes does n't mean that we ca n't topple any . 
  the fact of the matter is that he was a horrible person who posed a threat to the u.k and france and his own people . 
  the only people who deserved to run that country are the libyan people itself . 
  the u.k and france did not cause the arab spring in libya , complete hatred for gaddafi did . 
  the u.k and france where simply a means to an end of that man 's life . 
  highly debatable . 
  it can be argued that france and the u.k helped out a lot of people who were trying to topple a dictator who has a history of funding terrorist groups in both of those countries . 
  a dictator who has in the past made threats towards europe and a dictator who treated his own people horribly . 
  because most of the migrants come from places south of libya . 
  the reason so many boats are coming from libya is because the government could stop smugglers before . 
  now , however , the government is split in two and does not have the capacity to stop every boat trying to get past , with the dawn government actually promoting it as a source of income . 
  granted some of them will come from libya but definitely not the majority . 
  i thought the u.k mission was just the american mission . 
  dawn and dignity , being located in tripoli and tobruk respectively . 
  the dawn government is made up of people who feel their term is n't over because of the low turnout of the new elections , they also backed by some islamic factions . 
  the dignity government is made up of an american-libyan military general known as haftar with a government that was voted in , albeit , with a low voter turnout ,  36 % the only reason there is two is because the u.n is still trying to push for peaceful dialogue between the two and does n't want to undermine the other because it could disrupt the peace process . 
  isis is there as well but they 're not too big and are having growing problems , no one recognises them and they both dawn and dignity have agreed to attack them when they can . 
  if the eu or the al gets there mission to do peace keeping ops in libya it 'll probably disperse . 
   germany , uk and britain it seems are gradual take over of the continent is going ... as expected . . 
  no , i mean that you said :  spain is the 4th largest economy in eu and yet europe is growing ... spain is the fifth largest economy in the e.u , fourth largest in the eurozone , and fourth fastest growing in the eurozone . 
  for the e.u it goes : 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  the united kingdom 3 . 
  france 4 . 
  italy 5 . 
  spain, 
  the sharia zone posters guy . 
  he usually attends these . 
  he might still be in jail though . 
  i do n't care but these protests are getting predictable now . 
  i have n't watched the video but i 'm going to guess some of the people there : * anjem choudary * the two weird brothers * the gingercunt because it always seems to be the same people at these protests . 
  i think you mean spain is the fifth largest economy in the e.u. 
  did n't you invade and occupy/attempt to colonise the philippines and cuba ? 
  tell me about it yesterday , when i was signing up for my living license , i was asked about my local ip and any proxies i 've been using !, 
  they should already know this !, 
  it 's a bit of an insult that i have to fill in the form at gunpoint twice . 
  but i digress , as much as cameron gets a lot of shit , i do have to thank him for letting me remove the heart beats per minute monitor though . 
  the europeans here also have a lot of babies apparently , with poland having the most by far from immigrant communities . 
  so when you have massive numbers of europeans moving here + them having a lot of babies = a massive boost in the population . 
  it was pretty much expected . 
   opinion also , he does do quite a lot of stuff already , and the fact that he 's a member of the royal family greatly limits his options for a job . 
  oh , i never knew that . 
  i thought the u.k was the only country in europe who had a system like that . 
  thanks for the til !, 
  oh , it 's pretty irrelevant now . 
  he said `` i did n't know sharia law allowed it '' implying towards gay satisfaction . 
  he was romanian and because belgium has an equally sized muslim population to the united kingdom and the flags look similar i said `` you would know , belgian '' offending two people at once for a joke with no more intent . 
  i 'm pretty sure he only said his statement as a joke , and i just meant to reply with one too . 
  i 've deleted mine now too because it does n't make any sense without his comment and mine probably looks provocative . 
  the gchq and guardian raids would have happened under labour in my opinion . 
  both parties have shown their interest in increased surveillance . 
  it seems to be much more global and european issue as well , with the german revelations coming to light . 
  so in my opinion it 's not much to dwell on , because no matter whether lab or con where in , they were going to happen . 
  the porn filters however , while a non-issue quite literally , is just the conservatives way of appealing to the religious audience . 
  you have to keep in mind that they still have to represent one of their core voting areas , the religious , and after gay marriage got through this was probably the best thing he could come up with in order to stop all of those religious old people going over to ukip . 
  i 've nothing but hate for jim murphy , never really heard anything though about ruth davidson though . 
  not that more people are commenting it does look likely that i misjudged . 
  i guess we 'll figure it all out in the next few hours . 
  they compromised for the av referendum , which failed anyway , sadly . 
  i was quite annoyed after they backtracked on one of their largest promises of the campaign , but then i realised that they at least tried to not get it through , just giving 50 % +1 that the conservatives agreed in the contract . 
  i was thinking about voting labour as they are the only other party in my local area that looked like they would have stopped tuition fee 's but instead , they 're responsible for them being there in the first place , and they did n't resist when they were increased . 
  you probably have a better perspective than i. 
  this is just what i have taken away from post-independence / r/scotland and some small personal research . 
  i do n't actually live in scotland so i am unsure of what the people on the ground actually think outside of the average reddit poster . 
  not so much power hungry , than they realise the position they 're in and can not make changes without compromises . 
  exactly what i was trying to say , they 're apathetic to who get in because a lot of the electorate seem to purposely distinguish between the two , it 's just a choice of what colour they would prefer . 
  i personally do n't blame scotland one little bit and i hope the snp give them much better futures than what scotlab promised them . 
  i actually do n't think it would , right now scotland seems to have a complete hateboner for labour . 
  i think , if scotland can be promised more devolution powers , something that the conservatives are strongly trying to get through , then the people of scotland will be quite apathetic to who will get in . 
  labour however want their mp 's to be able to affect legislation in england and do not seem as committed to making sure that scotland will get its powers . 
  edit : on top of this ed has repeatedly ruled out a coalition with the snp , and i can understand why because of what they did to labour in scotland . 
  this leaves only the lib dems as the only possible coalition partner , who i personally do n't think will have enough seats to get labour through , on top of that i think lib dems would prefer to side with ` the evil they know ' . 
  cons seem way more open to potential partners from all over the u.k , from northern ireland to england , compared to labour who seem to have just shut them self off . 
  yeah , it 's more of a ' i do n't like labour ' issue more than a ' i like conservatives ' issue . 
  lib dem , hoping for another con/lib coalition . 
  i 'm pretty much voting for them because i like nick clegg , feel that their fall from grace has been too brutal , yeah they failed with tuition fee 's but it 's not like any of the other parties tried to stop its increase as well . 
  besides that lib dems have stopped a lot of bad policies getting through parliament , kind of like a leash . 
  that and my area has a 99 % chance of lab getting in power ( not even joking , that was the stat when i looked it up ) so tactical voting con is out the window , which leaves me with just showing support for the party i feel is having the toughest time and represents quite a few of my views . 
  what i expect will happen is a tory/lib/snp coalition . 
  an election is looming , people are watching carefully and monitoring the next few weeks . 
  does n't surprise me that it 's slowed for now , i expect it to pick back up after the 7 ^ th . 
   they were persuaded and forced to stay there for political reasons any proof on that ? 
  the islands were invaded and they were forced to stay by the argentine junta . 
  small beginnings i guess , at least you got an increase , even if it is n't practically enough it 's a good sign .
