  i 'm not denying anything . 
  i 'm just saying i am both anatolian and turkic . 
  i count byzantine history mine , as seljuk history is mine . 
  the hittites , urartuans , ionians , cylicians , lydians and so on . 
  alexander was my emperor as diogenes and mehmed was . 
  that 's not the point . 
  my point is , people can have more than one culture , they do n't have to belong in one particular culture . 
  and anatolians certainly do n't . 
  turk is just an upper identity we adopted but many people see it as their culture as well . 
  i focused on only turkic customs but there are as many - even more - anatolian and roman customs . 
  plus , it has been 900 years since the first invasion . 
  you can not possibly know whose ancestor was whom and turks have a history of migrating from altai to anatolia which is ~ 2000 years itself . 
  that changes everything you do , genes , culture as well . 
  but the point is they came from there and influenced other cultures with their own . 
  so your point of betrayal is vague ; to whom am i betraying is vague . 
  to whom am i betraying with whom is more vague . 
  uhm , ca n't i adopt a place where my culture originated ... where my llanguage originated ? 
  the way we behave , the way we perceive the world originated from there.of course i 'm not asian looking but apart from that , everything is turkish . 
  you think genes matter more and i say they do not . 
  i think culture and behavior make people not their genes . 
  so yes , modern turks did originate from there , just not the genes of modern turkish people . 
  other than that , khazaks , turkmens , uzbeks , uighurs , siberians , crimeans etc. 
  would disagree . 
  like every soldierr ever killed people . 
  we do not like them for the killers they are though . 
  we like them because they were important in their time and brought some sort of development to the world . 
  dude nothing is one thing only . 
  turkish people are not entirely turkic , yes . 
  most are n't genetically turkic either . 
  we speak a turkic language though , we have entirely turkic customs . 
  what is with this skull obsession ? 
  a person can be both turkic and caucasian if they literally have so many properties from both sides . 
   defending ottoman empire in the 21st century lol there are misconceptions though . 
  it should actually be worrying to you , you know . 
  like , how can a fucking dictatorship come to my country and play political drama ? 
  it 's absurd and worrysome imo . 
  you are trying to define a country by simple majority . 
  majority is not always  50 % . 
  sometimes for something to be considered a majority , it has to be overwhelming . 
  turkey 's economic , cultural , political , academical and military relations has always been with europe mostly . 
  thus only the european side of istanbul is undisputably vital for turkey . 
  you are dismissing east thrace as a mere 3 % but how much is that percent when it comes to the actual importance of east thrace ? 
  even if it is not  50 % it is still indismissable . 
  sure , we ca n't say turkey is european as far as people go . 
  but can we say turkey is asian/middle eastern without dismissing the role of europe in its * everything * . 
  turkey does more business in europe , has more political ties in europe , has its laws and lifestyle adopted from europe . 
  nothing of turkey 's state atmosphere is middle eastern or asian . 
  right now , even the constitution is more african than it is asian . 
  but keep in mind like 70 % of the people in this sub disputing turkey 's presence in europe care about skulls more . 
  that means , they only consider people who are white and christian as `` european '' . 
  they are not completely wrong but that kind of an argument does n't comply with cultural shifts , as is in turkey . 
  enver is not that liked in turkey as you put it out ... 
  he was responsible for sarikamis for god 's sake . 
  only some turkish nationalists like him , very rare . 
  also those streets are rare too , do n't exaggerate . 
  so , i live in europe and i 'm an asian ? 
  if you say i 'm european because i live in europe , i have lived all my life in geographical europe , then there are 13 million people living with me here , who are geographically european . 
  that 's more than greeks for example . 
  so there are more `` europeans '' in turkey than in greece . 
  either your point stretches far more than geography , or it is wrong . 
  then you must use more arguments than just geography . 
  i agree about the turkish music part . 
  just note that `` turkish '' music is not just one thing . 
  byzantine music really influenced ottoman palace music and agean folk music with also the black sea region . 
  not much with the eastern and inner anatolian music , at least i 'm not hearing it . 
  this is bullshit , nobody cares about what happens to them in the eu so long as they get there . 
  these recommendations are bound to be abused . 
  our constitution has a society vs individual perspective on rights . 
  while i do n't agree with this ; it does n't sink us to russia or iran level . 
  the rights and how they must be protected are taken straight from europe , the de facto situation is not on par . 
  what clouds our judgment is the ohal bullshit . 
  it has been so long since we have been in a state of emergency and it is blurring our view of the normal state . 
  keep in mind i 'm not saying our rights and freedoms situation is on par . 
  i 'm explicitly pointing out that the constitution is the main culprit on this . 
  what i 'm saying is i have no problems with articles 17 through 74 ( aka `` rights '' ) . 
  i 'm saying they are exactly on par with europe although it could be slightly lackluster . 
  your rights can not be completely rescinded though . 
  besides , it is a good thing to limit the usage of rights to some degree . 
  every state has these , our lawmakers did not make this up . 
  they were copied from germany and france . 
  and it really is on par though , what is not on par is the general understanding of what a constitution is . 
  ysk 's actions in this latest referendum is an example . 
  yes , the constitution does give ysk immunity from legal action . 
  but this does n't mean ysk can outright break laws . 
  as you see , the people are the problem not the laws . 
  constitutions are meaningless if people do n't uphold them . 
  whatever you write onto your piece of paper , if you have a government like turkey 's , it would be meaningless . 
  it does n't since 2001 . 
  there was n't a referendum because the parliament agreed on it with a 2/3 majority . 
  but yes , both the state of emergency laws and the constitution articles are a joke , i agree . 
  check out article 13 of the constitution before and after 2001 , it explains it . 
  not since 2001 . 
  there are a lot of shit to be fixed but the basic rights are fine . 
  akp supporter irl, 
  just keep on keeping on pal . 
  you are thinking very primitively , life is not a hollywood movie , there are no moustache rubbing turks waiting to get revenge with their huge bellies . 
  you are on the very extreme end of the spectrum . 
  people are not divided as jews and turks and nazis in my head . 
  perhaps this is why you sound like an unreasonable far-righter to me , who knows . 
  wow , i felt like i was talking to a turkish nationalist for a second .
