  oh do n't worry , once they completely achieve that and the country becomes a shithole , they will create an enemy and still blame it . 
  this is their mentality and it must be cured before they grow up to become voters . 
  i live in a country that completely falls into your description , i speak of experience . 
  it just takes some common sense to battle populism and to not fall down below to their grounds of discourse . 
  it just takes some common sense to battle populism and to not fall below to their grounds of discourse . 
  what about it ? 
  it is partly there , it 's clear they just wanted to include north . 
  turkish invasion happened for a reason , they happened because cypriots could n't pass a day without slitting eachother 's throats and , let 's not kid ourselves , the second invasion happened because of geopolitical reasons . 
  the fact that you searched for an ulterior motive in this pesky map compelled me to think you may have some prejudices about how turkish people are . 
  unless you straight up hate them like some few chaps i 've seen around this sub , of course . 
  i already said on many occasions why cyprus is there , you only strawmanned it and did not respond to it . 
  i am sorry but this is how humans work . 
  no country is 100 % people who were born on that particular land and there has to be a way to deal with settlers of cyprus . 
  in case of turks of turkey there is no way knowing who came from where . 
  many civilizations settled anatolia , even greeks . 
  this is not anybodys fault . 
  it is an ideal path between continents . 
  but cyprus , there is a way of knowing who settled as it happened 35 years or so ago . 
  but i do n't think fucking them off to turkey is the best choice . 
  when i say find a way to coexist , i say that those people can be a part of cyprus as a whole , even if they illegally settled . 
  we all have to get over nationalism , nobody no land has to be particularly greek or turkish . 
  this kind of thinking got cyprus to this point . 
  and your prejudice of turks will not help any discourse . 
  thing you have to understand is turks are not hating greeks , are not in envy of them , or want their lands . 
  in case of reddit , these people on reddit do not represent the erdogan loving majority or the grey-wolf minorty of turkey . 
  turkish redditors do not represent turkey and i dont mean this in an official way , they do not represent the turkish sentiment on many things . 
  it 's just that they do represent it on this one . 
  no turkish person has a feud with greeks , or their government , or lands . 
  no one is trying to push cyprus agenda , we just want to exist together , nothing else . 
  there might be loud people out here but do n't think such ridiculous things like `` turks sticking to our eye that they invaded cyprus ! '', 
  this is fucking reddit we wan na have a good time , not start a flame war . 
  this is what i think anyways i do not speak for any redditors but myself . 
  so this map supports illegal occupation ? 
  just because it happens to include the border between nc and roc ? 
  well that border is there whether you like it or not . 
  it is there in an international setting . 
  the border is drawn de facto by the un not the turkish government . 
  this is not even a map . 
  there is no clear cut borders between countries , there is no header , there is no evidence nc is shown like a part of turkey . 
  the shaded areas are clickable areas . 
  you are the one who is being nationalistic at the moment . 
  you might not agree with the inclusion . 
  you said op was pushing an agenda here . 
  do you know how stupid that sounded ? 
  there is no way an occupation can be legal without the occupied country being destroyed or agreeing with the occupation . 
  none of the occupations you see in the world are legal at the moment . 
  and general people of an occupying country usually agrees with an occupation . 
  if a democratically elected administration occupies a land , people usually agree with it as they elected the administration . 
  moreover , this is the second time you are accusing a user of a bannable offense . 
  first , you accused the op of pushing an agenda , and now you are accusing me of denying genocides . 
  i do not speak for my country as you can guess . 
  but please stop nitpicking weak points and strawmanning . 
  i do not want to argue the legitimacy of cyprus with a person whose thoughts are set in stone . 
  i do not agree with the second invasion of cyprus just so you know . 
  but at one point , somebody has to break the cycle and find a way to coexist , as they did before . 
  are you still seriously thinking that the op is a raging nationalist who put this map to subliminally plant the idea that cyprus belongs to turkey ? 
  cyprus is just a mere detail . 
  you might not agree with its inclusion there . 
  but you are saying that this map was put into reddit for nationalistic purposes ? 
  you just strawmanned my argument . 
  yes , nationalistic sentiment is there , i would be dishonest to deny that . 
  but it is so small compared to other demographic , economic and infrastructural ties . 
  it is completely normal for the turkish state to include nc in its maps . 
  it is occupied , yes , nobody else recognizes it , yes , but , none of these change that it has been occupied for 40 years now , investments were made and nc is like the de facto 82nd province of turkey . 
  so turkey invests in nc , has presence in it . 
  these , you may not agree with . 
  it is a different argument . 
  including it in a map ? 
  completely normal if the said country has been occupying it for 40 years now . 
  it is not pushing an agenda because nc is a de facto state . 
  by the way , it is of-fucking-course to normal to include an occupation in a map !, 
  do not spout this somewhere else , you would be ridiculed . 
  why else would a country occupy another if it is just going to pretend like it did not ? 
  and it is of course normal for the citizens of said occupied country to be angry about it and not recognize it . 
  in today 's international law , it is impossible to formally annex part of a country without the annexed country recognizing the annexation . 
  it is completely normal for russia to include crimea in its maps now . 
  they fucking annexed it !, 
  why would they fucking annex it if they were just going to pretend nothing happened . 
  and gluten-free pastry, 
  um , dude , i have read your original post . 
  you said exactly this :  using the `` weather map '' trend as an excuse to propagate it on r/europe ... 
  so low of you ... no , you explicitly accused the op of pushing an agenda . 
  you could have said something along the lines of `` why did this map include northern cyprus as if it is a part of turkey ? '', 
  and i am pretty sure people would try to answer that . 
  your words were provoking and you ca n't act like you did everything right . 
  besides , i did not mean the turkish republic of cyprus when i said state , i obviously meant state department of meteorology of republic of turkey as the abbreviation is written on the pic . 
  moreover , every `` map '' that is about turkey , made by turkish officials includes nc . 
  this is because of both nationalistic sentiment and people very often travel there and people from there travel here . 
  it includes a big chunk of tr soldiers and military bases . 
  these soldiers and bases are of turkey 's and basically , northern cyprus concerns turkey more so than an insignificant inner anatolian city concerns turkey . 
  we provide water , electricity , workforce and security there . 
  inclusion of nc to a turkish map is justified . 
  the legitimacy of nc is up to debate but i wo n't argue that here since you made me delve into this cyprus conflict out of the blue and frankly , this makes me think you are pushing an agenda . 
  well you did say that the post was `` low '' of op . 
  and the op acted disgracefully . 
  you really took this post offensive which is nuts to me . 
  it is a goddamn weather report by the state department and a low effort post . 
  you have to be nuts to think op put this here to push some nonexistent cyprus agenda that i have never seen anyone push here . 
  i 'm not arguing how it sounds like to you , if you say they are more similar to you , then they are . 
  i was not talking from a factual point of view but an opinionated one .
