  not you , not me . 
  yeah , i took it too literally . 
  you ca n't ban people from deciding what happens to their body . 
  it should be restricted for children who ca n't consent though . 
  ey , you okay ? 
  yeah , all the same . 
  just the concept of `` discourse '' mentioned in that book is enough to primitively understand how the general public acts . 
  what you are suggesting is a law against the discourse of the political power which could be interesting . 
  the notion of public being enraged and oppressing the individual can only be uttered in the presence of a self-ruling society . 
  because in that case the majority opinion rules the state elements . 
  so when we say , `` protecting the individual against the public '' we are talking about ensuring your rights in the presence of the state . 
  what you are suggesting seems to be more in the lines of social elements rather than legal . 
  the guarantees brought by human rights ' main function is against the state . 
  they protect the individual from a legal person rather than a real one . 
  laicit\u00e9 is not something that directly protects the person from raging crowds of belivers or non-believers . 
  it allows people to not be in a advantage or disadvantage for freely practicing their religions , because it bans the state from getting involved . 
  now , freedom of religion is a different concept than laicit\u00e9 . 
  freedom of religion can exist in a theocracy too for example . 
  such country ( say it 's christian ) can allow muslims to form sects , cults and let them pray whenever , wherever and still only let christians in the government offices and ban other religions/atheists from many benefits . 
  laicit\u00e9 however offers a more prosperous society by effectively banning the state from anything religious . 
  i mean it should be taken into account that in case of freedoms usually the part of state is argued rather than the general public however democratically represented the public opinion is . 
  that is because the legal system actually has effective power over violations . 
  written words do not hold much power over the simple man . 
  it is the actual political power that does . 
  [ you can read this book to have an idea about how civil unrest is prevented or made ] ( https://www.amazon.com/discipline-punish-prison-michel-foucault/dp/0679752552 ), 
  it of course is more . 
  it 's not just plants and trees , it 's people , animals , bugs , fungi , hundreds of years of natural history , even as small as a shade in a sunny day , it 's a place where every living being in that area can call home . 
  not sure if wildfires are common in portugal , i 've read sometime ago that it is good from time to time for forests to burn because it is like pest control but this was in canada so floral life is different and flourishes quick there , not like portugal . 
  there are more lgbt people in tr than these guys . 
  i bet even some of them are gay . 
  this could be the right step but do n't forget that the individual declaration of will and opinion is what must be protected against the public . 
  not vice versa . 
  you should be aware of that because of the 82 constitution . 
  it costed us many lives and it caused a massive disregard for human rights on the state 's end . 
  this is because it put the general good of the public above the individual . 
  but this makes no sense since the public is always by nature above the individual and the laws must be there to make that individual feel safe in the face of public advantage . 
  otherwise you can just about get away with anything with the disguise of `` public prosperity '' . 
  the reason of that is the actual concept is very vague . 
  `` public prosperity '' can be bent and stretched to literally everything . 
  for instance , after a terrorist attack , i can ban every individual from leaving their houses because the risk is there and it would be in favor of public to not get attacked/bombed . 
  this was a very basic example , but it should give an idea . 
  our goal must be to prevent the public from getting enraged when the individual acts outrageous . 
  this is one of the purposes of the actual concept of human rights . 
  well , not getting enraged , rather acting enraged . 
  it is one of the most valuable things we can pass on to coming generations . 
  do n't the other countries help ? 
  this is all of our heritage burning . 
  i could genocide 5 different alien races in my prime . . now we 're stuck with pesky romans !, 
  dolla dolla, 
  wow , should 've written `` cyprus '', 
  this is where my mind loops on itself . 
  will banning solve it ? 
  but i live in a country where women wear all kinds of muslim women-wear and i must sadly say that they are not producing anything for the society . 
  i mean , they are there , i see them . 
  but even though they exist in society , they do n't exist in many jobs , they do not by majority exist where their men exist . 
  sure , we have ministers who wear hijab but we do not have world-renowned professionals who have made a name in their field wearing hijabs . 
  banning hijabs is banning a freedom . 
  but not banning hijabs is banning even more freedoms , just not de jure . 
  these people do not wear hijabs/niqabs/burkas by their independeny choice . 
  in their minds , they do . 
  but i see children as young as 5 in hijabs and i think , is it really possible for a child to make her choice when the possibility of a choice was n't even there to begin with ? 
  i mean , a choice means there are at leadt more than one thing to choose from . 
  allowing hijabs in schools eliminates this not wearing choice as we know how young minds work . 
  i have been a child and many wrong things were thought to me . 
  i have seen them as the proper truth but inexistence of societal oppression helped me slip over them . 
  that is another thing , even if this child at one day decides to not wear a hijab , can she ? 
  will their brothers , friends , parents or whoever made her wear that hijab when she was a child allow it ? 
  the pressure is real and we see that this so-called freedom is actually a limitatiob of freedom by how they act . 
  in a society , when something is banned , people will secretly or violently do it . 
  that 's why sexually oppressed religious people tend more to do fucked up sexual shit or beat their wives secretly . 
  i will give an example from konya/turkey . 
  one of the most religious majority cities of the country . 
  two strangers have an argument on the street and they immediately pull pistols on eachother . 
  the president who looks like the most religious person in the country is a fucking petty criminal . 
  when a society oppresses a person from experiencing every element of the bodily desires , it backfires heavily . 
  hijab laws , and the idea of banning muslim/religious clothing is a very interesting topic to talk about . 
  mainly because it confuses me about many things regarding basic freedom of clothing conflicting woth other freedoms . 
  now , think about it , in a very broad sense people have the right to wear whatever they wa n't on the condition of not breaking the laws right ? 
  so if people want to practice their religion it is easier for them to wear the clothing accordingly as their religion siggests . 
  this should n't bother anyone since people can wear whatever the fuck they want . 
  but , when a woman wears a burqa/hijab/veils their other freedoms get narrowed . 
  they do n't swim/sunbathe properly , they do n't become artists like painters , singers , they do n't become independent businesswomen , they ca n't do a lot of things men can do mostly because of strict religious rules or overwhelming pressure by the enclosed society they live in . 
  so we said people should have the freedom of practising their religion , wearing what they want but when women do that / are forced to do that , they give up a lot of freedoms . 
  they become useless people that only exist to breed and houseclean . 
  on the other hand , it can be said that they * choose * to give up these freedoms . 
  but if you implement young women these ideas from childhood , what choice do they have ? 
  i mean a country needs its strong minded / intelligent / productive people to provide better living conditions . 
  a liberal democracy requires these kind of people to take care of its subjects . 
  these people have their lives set for them in an enclosed society and a ban on their basic right to wear whatever the fuck they want will have cahnce to lead them to become productive and intelligent people . 
  or at least provide grounds to make them actually , de facto equal to men . 
  so even if you de jure make them equal , making them wear these clothings will de facto make them lesser than men just because they wo n't be able to do whatever they want like men . 
  the bektashi branch first appeared in anatolia and the early ottoman officials / janissaries were of that branch . 
  it is very easy to convert non muslims to the bektashi understanding , because it 's not like the wahabbism today and it makes a lot of sense of things . 
  even the isis - like guys in turkey ca n't smear shit into it . 
  they even quote bektash veli some times i 've experienced it and was like , wtf ? 
  you are so right , hijab may be a thing in islam but the way it is implemented by society/the administration caused a massive culture shock to the point of people marginalizing eachother and the old culture fading away to arab culture in turkey . 
  this can be observed so clearly here . 
  this did not exist before , even in ottoman times where sharia law was in effect . 
  at least people had their own identity in small places . 
  this hijab thing is very new and it caused that culture shock here .
