  if they do n't want that , they should say it . 
  it is not a possibility for turkey to become a member at this current state but even if turkey became a sweden tier democracy , these people say they wo n't want turkey . 
  and i say they should spill the beans , i do n't have any hard feelings , i actually support drawing distinct lines . 
  there are not different types of turks like some genetics in turkey . 
  turk is one thing : it means citizen of the turkish republic right now . 
  there are armenians kurds arabs lazs , assyrians and a fuckton of different ethnicities in turkey but they are all turks . 
  so , for your point , islamists are not different types of turks like some sort of genetic or `` tribal '' difference . 
  they are people who think that way . 
  and most of the time , they are uneducated and do n't think that much , like yourself , about ideologies . 
  they have a very simplistic view to life and they teach their children this . 
  it is not complex , very emotional , and highly `` narrative '' filled , so it is easy for a child to adobt this way of thinking . 
  moreover , the more uneducated the public gets , the more the birthrate rises . 
  you can compare birthrate in turkey to birthrate in norway . 
  then compare the hdi of two countries . 
  the poorer , the more uneducated you get , the less you control your family and birthrate . 
  so if uneducated people become islamists , the more educated people 's ideology becomes a minority through outbreeding . 
  many more factors than this though , this is just a small fraction of why the conservative majority came to be in turkey . 
  they are just fooling themselves trying to make a sane sounding point . 
  although , only taking historically christian or white ( genetically european ) people into europe is totally fair , just be consistent about it . 
  armenians , according to this , can be considered europeans , just like the assyrians . 
  armenians and assyirans do n't fit into any of their pc descriptions ( maybe armenia somewhat does ) yet they are treated like de facto europeans . 
  but that 's totally fine , as long as they admit that they think this way . 
  the commonly agreed on european identity is an emotional one . 
  therefore partially brown and muslim people ca n't be european . 
  i am not butthurt about this . 
  i am butthurt about the fact that some europeans on this sub are acting too pc to say this . 
  `` historically '' european , `` ethnically '' european , `` religously '' european and bla and bla . 
  every description fits into some sort of turkish people . 
  yet that is not the description you guys go by in your idea of a european . 
  and a european is not something you can define with textbook examples . 
  it is 100 % on the decisive hand of europe . 
  if you consider australians `` european '' , then by all means they are european . 
  do not limit your pov with lackluster descriptions , you ca n't fit people in descriptive bags . 
  if eu or any other regionally powerful consensus considers turkey as a non-european country , then turkey is a non-european country . 
  turkey is geographically in europe , though it is usually considered insignificantly in europe . 
  turkish people in general do not behave very european-like but they do n't behave ( culturally ) like any other folk either . 
  so turkey does n't fit into a major group , agreed on that . 
  turkey is technically in continental europe , our european soil is more developed than any other part of the country so i think we have somewhat of a part to play in europe . 
  does n't mean we 're european . 
  but geographically , politically , and culturally , we concern europe . 
  europe concerns us . 
  turkey will always be a conversation point in europe , therefore making us a part of europe . 
  not european . 
  but we belong in stuff related to europe , it affects us and we affect europe , good or bad . 
  yeah i 'm agreeing with you , just opening up on the situation , the mentality of the commoner in turkey . 
  yeah it is rule by law . 
  more so towards a police state . 
  the government does not see itself bound by the rules that are in place , they can break a law of their choosing and hide behind the ridiculous state of emergency laws ( which actually prevent this kind of thing but , it can be bent ) . 
  their decrees right now , are above both the constitution and essential international conventions such as the echr which is what takes turkey adrift from the liberal democracy it has to be , by eliminating rule of law . 
  no it does n't , that happened a long time ago . 
  but yeah , turning it back into a mosque means islam has a very formidable impact on politics . 
  could we vote this constitution out my very knowledgeable friend ? 
  did they or did they not rig the votes through accepting ( normally invalid by ** law ** ) unstamped ballots ? 
  did they or did they not de facto ban opposition `` no '' ads through influence on akp controlled municipalities . 
  did they or did they not use my tax money for extra referendum funding ? 
  did they or did they not declare me terrorist in front of the world and the nation for wanting to reject this constitution ? 
  did they or did they not manipulate anadolu agency to broadcast yes votes first so that they looked more in contrast to no votes , so that election inspecting opposition would quit ? 
  what 's the guarantee that these will not happen again ? 
  what 's the guarantee that erdogan wo n't follow the constitution his lackeys drafted like he did not follow the formerly amended constitution ? 
  erdogan is not putin , because he is not responsible for a global player , instead he is responsible for a constantly gnawed , taxpayer money wasting , middle eastern leaning , war-fearing wreckage that still claims to be in some sort of a rule of law through its grave . 
  i do n't have to explain anything he did to you , nor does the millions of people who have suffered or died because of akp policies . 
  stop kidding yourself for the good of all that there are in your personal space . 
  oh dude , try telling that to millions of people here . 
  they think it all ends when you vote ... turkey is not just a democracy in the vague sense of the word . 
  it is a liberal democracy and that 's not just in the words . 
  it 's thoroughly defined in the constitution and yet , nobody acknowledges it and they think erdogan has all valid powers and actions yet it 's a 180 from the actual rules . 
  norms and rules are part of countries that are n't even democracies yet somehow in turkey , when you get voted up you do n't have to follow them . 
  the situation was on the contrary in the case of atat\u00fcrk . 
  yes , the chp rule did impose rules without being in a pluralist multi-sided election winner situation but they too were elected through democratic means , provided , this is n't liberal democracy but liberal democracies started to trend after ww2 ended which was not the case for early republic . 
  what i 'm getting at is , chp followed the rules it itself imposed , unlike akp which is a keystone factor to dictatorships ( they are not bound by rules ) . 
  # 1st mistake : confuse 1920s dictatorship requisitons with today 's liberal democracy and hr values . 
  # 2nd mistake : confuse liberal , half representative democracy with a regular , full on representative democracy . 
  so , very common here . 
  we should free ourselves from the notion of `` leaders '' but i guess it 's impossible with the latest amendments to the constitution . 
  brits got ( mostly ) what they they wanted . 
  it 's everyone else that 's cross with ataturk , be it greeks , islamists , armenians or kurds ... at least it 's for good reason they do n't like him . 
  actually kefir sounds better , with all the dill and stuff . 
  and we all have cerebral palsy to thank !, 
  it 's not to measure the actual wealth of individuals afaik , just the state . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  damn your comic sans and stupid hip songs, 
  lol , same . 
  `` cereyan '' here . 
  `` babanne '' will get mad at you for causing `` cereyan '' . 
  can we flair the mods with swastikas ? 
  please, 
  i fucking hate them regardless . 
  enjoy the freedoms and rights granted and most importantly enforced by europe , then fuck me over and tell me how erdo is making turkey great . 
  are mayors charged with law and enforcement in england ? 
  or is there a central executive official who is ultimately in charge with security in cities , other than the police chief of course . 
  those are totally different people though , the battle tactics and the culture of war and so on . 
  they did succeed that 's the point . 
  erdogan got a whole nazi rhetoric out of it bandwagoning the nationalists for a yes vote in the referendum . 
  otherwise he would n't make her go knowing she would get kicked out, 
  they did succeed that 's the point . 
  erdogan got a whole nazi rhetoric out of it bandwagoning the nationalists for a yes vote in the referendum . 
  otherwise he would n't make her go knowing she would get kicked out, 
  aha , from my previous post :  dude nothing is one thing only . 
  you see , we do n't have a single culture . 
  the anatolian culture is very rich and it is my culture as well .
