oh shit that cyprus flag, 
  we are actually quite objective when it comes to his character , he is not criticism proof . 
  but the idea of an atat\u00fcrk is sacred . 
  he has become a symbol at this point . 
  he is the only turkish leader in a 1000 year history to actually care about the people . 
  the other leaders were all about the state , but atat\u00fcrk dispelled that and for once , he reformed an entire public . 
  he is respected among the common people for that , he invokes a sense of admiration . 
  but , the idea of an atat\u00fcrk is different . 
  atat\u00fcrk represents modernization , progress . 
  his idea reminds a historically conservative nation to be wider , to be something beyond what it currently is . 
  he brought some alien concepts to an ignorant folk , and when you see what he did in how much of a dire situation , how he set his goal from the beginning which was in the middle of a crumbling empire with a death sentence on his head , you realize whatever nation you are in ; progress is inevitable and will always overcome brutality in the face of archaic tradition . 
  yes , he did controversial stuff but that 's not what he 's admired for . 
  it 's not actually him we 're admiring , excluding some people , it 's the idea of progress and modernity . 
  which is true imo because societies who made a step backward away from science , secularity and rationality , always suffered and crumbled . 
  shut up and eat your kebab, 
  i am literally a kebab now, 
  this makes no sense whatsoever but it 's fun, 
  that was a mistake on the part of the republic . 
  you see a nationalism based on citizenship is still nationalism . 
  but that nationalism is fine as long as it stays in the limits of one country . 
  when you are taught turkic history , it 's not as objective as say sumerian history . 
  you learn everything as heroic turks this , heroic turks that . 
  you ca n't expect someone from a certain culture to adopt that . 
  but , kurds can define themselves as turks as long as everyone in turkey defines themselves as turks . 
  that is only if we allow every ethnicity in turkey to flourish . 
  i am not saying replace whatever ethnicity you have with turk . 
  turk in itself is an ethnicity so that 's why it 's causing a confusion . 
  here 's why it should n't : very few people have that turkic ethnicity in turkey . 
  it 's an ethnicity that can be adopted very easily in turkey because of that . 
  and i believe turk right now is something different than turkic . 
  this is why kurds can be turks while still retaining their ethnicity . 
  turkey could adopt a federal structure but that 's not a debate of these decades . 
  as far as i recall atat\u00fcrk does n't have a history degree so he is not an expert . 
  anyways , you were probably treading the edges with these because these are never taught in turkish schools . 
  at least not for generations so i do n't get it , what 's the point . 
  it 's absurdity is well documented but what point does it serve when you cite it here ? 
  atat\u00fcrk was an idiot ? 
  he certainly was not . 
  did he write up a seemingly absurd theory , yes he did . 
  but what 's the point ? 
  none of his actions were tied to the supremacy of a certain race in turkey . 
  all he did was fight against the seperatists and islamists and i 'm glad for that . 
  they were soldiers and they acted like soldiers . 
  i was not implying this was the case historically . 
  it is now . 
  i do not condone anything that was done to anyone just because of who they are . 
  as for history , it is clear that the system was intended to be this way but it was de facto not . 
  by the way i do n't see a unitary republic existing in an already conflicting environment without every ethnicity compromising . 
  you can still be kurdish while technically or legally being a turk . 
  we can all cherish turkishness together for its diversity in ethnicity . 
  nobody is a 100 % turk or kurd in anatolia , everything is mixed . 
  when you ca n't genocide in 21st century but you need to quench dat thirst, 
  ahahah some dumb shit was done in early republic period in turkey but this motherfucker who wrote the paper had really moronic conclusions there . 
  the effort to purify the turkish language never stopped . 
  it 's still going on to this day . 
  they did not need a mad theory to justify the sheer impossibilty to replace some words , they did not need to purify anything at all . 
  they delivered the political power to the people of anatolia and eastern thrace , who were mainly uneducated villagers . 
  their language and the elite istanbul language had very little similarity . 
  it was not a nationalistic ambition to purify the state language , it was a necessity . 
  these being said , the sun-language theory was a joke , it is a great example that politicans should keep out of wide arcs while they have power , one person simply ca n't be the expert on anything . 
  the first point is granted , although we do n't celebrate genocides you know , we are not evil and literal demons but turkish identity , i mean recognizing the turkic ancestors became a thing in 1900s . 
  there is turkic hisory in anatolia that is 900 years old and ottomans have been there for 600 years yet they recognized their turkic heritage in early 20th century . 
  this was not even by the sultan . 
  anyways , a lot of people can trace their lineage to actual turkic settlers but the majority of us turks have anatolian and persian , mainly caucasian genes . 
  as we know actual turks looked more like people in kazakhstan or turkmenistan so not many people can claim they can be biologically identified as turks . 
  that being said , unlike some europeans who seem to be mainly obsessed with genes , being a turk is not tracing yourself to actual literal turks . 
  the turkish people who say they are the descendants of asian turkic tribes can be somewhat right , but genes and biological identity change in that many centuries , so they may possess turkic genes but they are actually in fact descendants of anatolian farmers for example . 
  if i could today go to japan , marry there , have children , my children would have caucasian genes and they may identify as anatolian-turkish , but their children 's children will definitely be japanese if they all breed with japanese people . 
  they might someday say they have turkish genes but that does n't make them literal anatolians , right ? 
  so that 's the case with turks except think about me going to japan with an army and install my own lasting state there . 
  if all of us bred with japanese people , we would slightly alter the gene map but ultimately , after some time , all of our great-grandchildren would look like how the japanese people look today . 
  we have a simple solution to this : an upper identity . 
  turk is an upper identity , held by citizens but at the same time , an actual biological heritage . 
  the fact that you exclude the irish people from brits makes your sentiment correct . 
  the autistic lion itself, 
  why did i look at that shit omfg, 
  you need some citations there but i agree with the sentiment that non-violent expression should be allowed in any form . 
  because otherwise far-righters ' fear would be justified if they were banned from voicing controversial stuff . 
  and their preposterous remarks ( both far-right and conservative and far-left ) could be opened to healthy discussion whoch may prevent these remarks peacefully and justly . 
  i would n't put specific people on the banknotes . 
  i think it should be representative of the peoples and cultures of europe . 
  so things like the french revolution , the magna carta , decleration of human rights , the geneva convention could be examples . 
  i know these are all political but i ca n't think of much , i 'd rather see events than people . 
  and people who are not controversial or antagonizing . 
  i mean i did not want to share it as news , the photo adds dramatic effect because islamists have been destroying secularism and rule of law , which are things atat\u00fcrk brought to turkey . 
  since this islamist is trying to send a message with some sort of sickle in his hand , i thought it would be a little summary of what turkey went through in the past 15 years , like satire , only real . 
  the soft liberals like this fellow have continously been a disgrace for this country . 
  look , i want what they want but you ca n't be support-akp-blind . 
  they looked us in the eye and supported the 2010 referendum , as good as the change may have seemed , it was obvious that turkey was being thrown into the jaws of a religious cult who wanted to politicise the judiciary . 
  now i do n't know how much nisanyan made a change , but as a block ; these soft liberals made the difference in 2010 . 
  none of this would have happened , i 'll tell you that much . 
  is that various swedish stuff , compressed into the geographical image of sweden , derived from a post which was posted to the swedish subreddit by a swede ? 
  that 's indeed very swedish . 
  it could be perceived as cruel since it was either their lives or jizya . 
  it 's not likely we would ever do this mistake but our standards did not exist then , that 's why i 'm saying the jews and christians might not have minded it that much compared to the advantages of having legal , educational and economical ( minus the tax ) autonomy within an empire . 
  this actually protected them from being brutally assimilated , a common thing in those times for non-abrahamic religions . 
  protection , isolation and autonomy . 
  none of these meant much near and after ww1 but they had those until then . 
  they had their own laws , their own communities , their own land . 
  these are what they did not have in the european kingdoms of the time .
