  granted , there have been unrest and spite among the people themselves in which non-muslims were massacred before ww1 but i do n't recall any major events other than hamidian massacres . 
  plus , they were conquered . 
  they were part of the state whether they liked it or not . 
  it is cruel but also very common , it 's human history . 
  they were subjects , since the empire was not a democracy at all until its very late years . 
  this is a misconseption . 
  look , i hate ottoman empire more than any of you euro fellows . 
  but you have to think beyond this century . 
  we are talking about an empire that gains the majority of its wealth through wars . 
  plus , the army has to be made of muslims . 
  now ; the non-muslim community wo n't fight , they wo n't convert , they wo n't contribute that much . 
  jizya comes into effect here . 
  the tax is not to economically force people into islam , it is to cover the soldier deficit gained from non-muslim communities . 
  it is a shit tax and i 'm sure it forced some people into pretending to be a muslim , but it is also 18th , 19th century . 
  again , this is a fighting empire . 
  it did not have a year without war after some point . 
  you ca n't use 50 % of the population in wars , on top of that you ca n't use non-muslim communities in the army . 
  something needs to keep the gravy train rolling . 
  it also puts laws under more executive authority . 
  if you want a strong legislative branch , the simple majority veto is the best . 
  there 's a difference between not taking him seriously and not taking what he says out there seriously . 
  of course i take him seriously , he 's been the worst thing that has happened since 1980 coup . 
  btw , how does not caring about him suddenly stop a state organ to break laws and shit on the country ? 
  because that 's how he won the referendum . 
  yeah actually i have n't been taking him seriously since he 180 'd on pkk . 
  most of us have n't . 
  he 's just a populist , nobody takes what he says seriously , nobody tries to debunk his arguments because everyone knows he 's talking bullshit and it 's matter of time he 180s from what he says . 
  well , everyone but his supporters . 
  yeah they do ? 
  they would support anyone that 's beneficial to them . 
  us is not a charity . 
  us is funding a kck branched hostile army in the south border of turkey , why would they give us advanced military tech ? 
  it 's not like they are playing chess against themselves . 
  * sigh *, 
  why does it sound so much like a slavic language, 
  exactly what happened in turkey , all of a sudden it was `` nazi europe '' when europe ( eu , ec ) took precautions to protect itself . 
  1 ) turkish minority was n't small , it was like the kurds to turkey , a formidable minority . 
  2 ) this turkish minority was getting discriminated against 3 ) gc junta regime was illegitimate and unconstitutional , therefore not acting in the name of cyprus as far as turkish cypriots were concerned . 
  your analogy does n't work . 
  but i am talking about the first invasion . 
  the second invasion , you can shittalk about . 
  but only because of the rush of it and the ethnic cleansing . 
  turkey had every reason to be in cyprus right before the 1st invasion . 
  i 'm not sure i have all the facts , i want to learn . 
  firstly , how are we sure they are not historical greeks but slavs . 
  do they claim themselves as slavs ? 
  secondly , i ca n't understand how it can be a problem . 
  i 'm thinking , if some random country started claiming they were like us suddenly , i 'd be happy because that country and its people would likely be my ally . 
  does/will fyrom have hostile policies against greece ? 
  thirdly , what would you think about turkey adopting greek heritage ? 
  as you know , greeks have long been a part of anatolia and us anatolians have gained part of our identities from them , as well as a few other nations . 
  is this conflict this kind of a sitiuation ? 
  lastly , i want grasp whether or not this issue is an emotional one . 
  because if this does n't have any certain pragmatic benefits for greeks , rather than nationalistic pride , it is a pointless conflict . 
  because history ca n't be stolen , it can only be adopted . 
  the credit still goes to ancient greeks , rather than their descendants or random slavs . 
  your comment contains layers and layers of self admiration and entitlement which dropped my jaw to say the least . 
  so greeks are offended because they are better than macedonians and their people 's history is somehow lower than greeks ' , that 's why the two ca n't be associated with ? 
  because greeks actually are more entitled to be proud of their own history ? 
  i 'm confused , help . 
  are you saying i ca n't possibly understand what a greek goes through when a stranger tries to adopt their history , because my culture and history are lower compared to greeks ? 
  if macedonia will demand land through their stupid identity ordeal , then sure battle it . 
  but do n't come to me with `` i am actually entitled to be proud of my history so i ca n't possibly let people adopt my history , unlike those turks who should n't be proud '' by the way , turkish history is a very complex and a not entirely turkic subject . 
  actually , it contains an indisposable amount of greek history in it . 
  it has kurdish history , armenian history , balkan history and arabic history as well as turkic history in it . 
  so , specify what you are referring to . 
  i am not proud of any killer , if that 's what you 're referring to . 
  no , * i * do n't understand . 
  if some random person 's country started to teach their children how turkish they were ( while in fact they were not ) , i would n't give a damn . 
  like , why would i ? 
  should n't the actual people who were not historically turkish rise up against it ? 
  macedonians are apparently fine with it , why is greece offended ? 
  if they misrepresent the culture , that 's another thing . 
  that referendum had decent support from europe . 
  and frankly , on paper it did look beter from the former system . 
  of course we knew what they 'd do with it . 
  but the situation in poland seems different and a lot more hopeful imo . 
  everybody is aware what the proposition brings and there is considerable outrage , contrary to us in 2010 . 
  this could go both ways still . 
   i assume young children do n't drink tea that 's where you 're wrong kiddo, 
  i guess screw you for having valuables because the thieves steal them . 
  screw rape victims for causing lust in the rapist . 
  screw multiculturalism because some maniacs genocided people who were n't them . 
  i do n't believe it was a false flag . 
  but they were definitely aware that the coup would happen hours before , planned their course of action and let it happen way before than it was planned . 
  it is really idiotic to perform a coup on 11pm . 
  especially if it 's a friday summer night . 
  everybody is fuckin awake , all the media is doing their post prime time talk shows ; many businesses are still going . 
  nobody would even bother at that time , which tells us the coup was actually attempted earlier than planned , with very very few soldiers . 
  this is because the soldiers were alerted that they have been found out ( if they had been found out , then how could they still leave the barracks ? 
  a simple order from the center to stay in barracks would solve this shit . ) . 
  it could totally be under control without civilan interference , yet people were already out on the streets before a course of action could even be * planned * . 
  result was ~ 300 dead and a neverending state of emergency with unconstitutional decrees . 
  apparently that 's ** advanced ** democracy . 
  not something our primitive minds can handle . 
  username checks out then ? 
  if people want to make a fuss about this , they should stop being hypocritical and just outright say what they want to say . 
  if they do n't want millions of muslims to be european , they should say it so that the pointless arguing could end . 
  turkey has a population equal to germany . 
  if turkey ends up being in the eu , there will be millions more muslims roaming around europe and all the more .
