  you guys really sound alike albeit the blatant opposement . 
  no matter , this is a dying syndrome , even in turkey . 
  i can be patient of people like you . 
  crimes committed by soldiers is not a civil rights issue as cypriots were not granted rights by the turkish state , it is an international criminal issue in which turkey failed.i am sorry about that single event but it does n't belong in this argument . 
  i am not talking about issues within turkish public too . 
  i am clearly talking about the false notion that minorities are legally discriminated against . 
  this thing used to happen too , but not anymore . 
  also you sound very condescending , i have to say . 
  government is a temporary and person bound word . 
  you say my government are exactly like the nazis , but which government ? 
  this and how you think anatolia is filled with `` illiterate hordes who are islamists '' makes me think you have a feud with turks in general . 
  anatolia is filled with so much diversity , the majority of turkey are not traditional islamists . 
  i do n't know where you get your demography from . 
  not that any of this will convince you , but i really felt offended . 
  your arguments are off topic and the constant bashing of turks has become really tiring in this sub . 
  besides , how would the rest of the world disagree with literally written stuff , all i am saying is everyone has the same rights in turkey . 
  my only source is the constitution . 
  just fucking read it . 
  they have the rights , problem arises when the people have little freedom to exercise their rights . 
  this oppression on freedom is not only on minorities . 
  it is on the opposition . 
  i am from both the ethnic and religious majority but the moment i express my political thoughts , i am treated like a terrorist . 
  this `` christian '' thing is nothing but a rhetoric . 
  the legal system does n't recognize ethnicities and religions . 
  just like any democratic country with a rule of law . 
  but minus the democracy and rule of law . 
  i never said they are treated the same anyways . 
  bro , i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  islam has no influence in turkish laws . 
  turkish constitution is on par with europe as far as rights go . 
  civil rights exist , they are copied word for word from the swiss civil code . 
  i am talking about turkish laws here , our public problems originate from exactly not following these laws . 
  what rights are there to give ? 
  because when you say rights , a legal word , there are not many places you can go . 
  they have the same rights as anyone . 
  if you 're talking about how the majority acts , that wo n't get fixed with laws . 
  they have equal rights ? 
  people are not divided by their religion or ethnicity in turkey , as is normal . 
  there is n't a particular discrimination on a group . 
  there is a discrimination on opposition . 
  kurds are having it , socialists are having it , even religious fundemantilsts are having it . 
  akp discriminates every opposer . 
  everybody has equal rights in turkey , de jure . 
  i am sure christians who support erdogan are fine as fuck . 
  though it would be absurd for them to support him . 
  that 's factually incorrect but nobody cares i guess . 
  yes , i am speculating in the event erdogan does that shit . 
  i 'm saying eu or us ca n't just watch turkey do stuff in the agean . 
  i 'm saying turkey got to this point without any sanctions , just with erdo 's nonsense . 
  so the slightest sanction will shake erdogan . 
  if turkey actually pulls off a landgrab , the public support of that will be over the moon . 
  but does turkey actually * need * a landgrab , is the question . 
  how much is the need of an annexation and influence in the agean worth for turkey ? 
  i mean are those islands really that valuable to cyprus-ify them ? 
  they would be disputed till the end of time , we 'd have to commit war crimes to assimilate the population , they would cost tons of potentially-embargoed resources.in the long run those islands may start to profit but the long run is very vague and unclear when you hold illegal and disputed territory . 
  is an illegal annexation and the opposition of island population really worth the possible sanctions that have a potential to cripple the economy ? 
  now i get it , you think erdogan would just headbutt into this mess if it meant he 'd stay in power . 
  but then again , erdogan has been a lot `` pacifist '' in the agean dispute than the other administrations . 
  the possibility of this happening is very slim , but i am sure this kind of an action in this time would mean the destruction of turkey 's domestic balance . 
  and boy , if we ca n't manage to actually annex the islands , for me the events following that possibility is an even bigger deterrent . 
  dem greek gainz, 
  cyprus is not relevant but crimea could be . 
  let 's take a look at it this way : how much is turkey dependent on foreign economic ties ? 
  an example of that would be the whole erdogan dictator crazy episode between 2012-2016 . 
  many foreign companies pulled their quarters out of turkey and we got real fucked . 
  i mean my 1 turkish lira in my hand right now is equal to approx . 
  0.3 turkish liras in 2012 . 
  that 's how fucked we got . 
  tourism absolutely tanked and this whole ordeal happened because of erdogan 's poor policy making . 
  unexplained isis ties , pro- muslim brotherhoodness , him supporting pkk and then doing a 180 to liberate southeast turkey , war with gulen etc. 
  these things along with completely fucked judicial system and a back to 19th century constitution got turkey 's economy and alliances in this state . 
  turkey is completely dependent on foreign economic ties . 
  so crimea comes up in this spot . 
  what did russia face after they annexed crimea ? 
  eu and us put heavy economic sanctions and that 's about all they did . 
  ( turkey got to this point of poverty , about 1/3 of my wealth went up in smokes without me doing anything , without any sanctions . ), 
  russia can survive these sanctions because they are a giant on patroleum and natural gas . 
  they have a shitton of resources and nukes for deterrence . 
  what does turkey have ? 
  what do you think the eu and us will do if turkey snaps and goes to town on agean ? 
  they will probably do a lot worse than what they did to russia . 
  since they do n't have much to lose . 
  eu is somehow dependent on russian natural gas . 
  are they dependent on turkish kebab ? 
  if they do n't operate in a military sense , they will operate on an economic sense . 
  turkey would go to shit in a month . 
  everybody knows that . 
  it would be complete isolation and russia could n't compensate . 
  we would have to give in to eu 's demands even if we did annex the islands . 
  annexing the islands is another problem , it would be a disaster for any politician in office , because of the casualties . 
  cyprus is irrelevant because the whole ordeal ended in 1974 . 
  greece was n't in eu then and nato was more focused on ussr , not to mention turkey was in a key spot against ussr . 
  greece has more international importance at the moment and turkey has less . 
  turkey invading greece = / = russia invading ukraine turkey = / = russia , greece = / = ukraine . 
  turkey would be slapped hard if they tried to invade just one island . 
  kardak is not as significant , maybe carries a symbolic meaning ( as in turkey can invade an islet ) but not an actual geopolitical gem . 
  greece and turkey has near matching military powers , greece has stronger allies while also being a strong military themselves . 
  turkey is nowhere near russia 's strength . 
  erdogan did some stupid shit and that stupid shit cost him soldiers , allies and voters . 
  being cautious is not worrying about some invasion .
