  and frankly , it is reasonable to worry about sea territory since turkey has so little in agean and will constantly try to expand it . 
  autocrats , unite !, 
  this is ignorant , you are oversimplifying the isis-turkey relations and exaggerating it at the same time . 
  you have to stop blabbering about issues you are not exactly familiar with . 
  not to mention the turkish public will probably be against it . 
  some islands , people do n't bat an eye , but nobody wants a fucking war . 
  even erdogan 's popularity tanked after the whole syria and pkk ordeal . 
  people just do n't want dead soldiers . 
  turkey is not some shithole ruled by an illegitimate dictator , yet . 
  people are still vaguely heard . 
  what the fuck, 
  do n't spoil the master plan !, 
  who caares it 's in the map of the subreddit so do n't bother with people claiming `` this not europe , that europe '' just say it 's included in the subreddit and pass . 
  inb4 turkey is not in europe comments . 
  the building of the turkish parliament is not located geographically in europe . 
  fuck no the hype train is departing choo choo motherfuckers gay pm lets goo, 
  it 's not a coat of arms , but a municipality logo as it was pointed out . 
  they change regularly , every municipality has one , even district municipalities of provinces . 
  [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsij6stl8go8rlcgh2igia0_buaricuhgmdjh0y7nojdhh56vqy ) one is of istanbul . 
  [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gctz7np0ouyvb2sik-sljnjvw4mxvu9ht6vykotxwdce823q41zk ) one is of sisli , istanbul . 
  not in maps of turkey ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  wow , why ? 
  they could n't turn back ? 
  that 's not how property works . 
  the owner has the right to do whatever it wants with it . 
  and the owner at that time decided not to take sides between the original and the converted . 
  because they are both our history . 
  justinianus , the christians , the muslims and mehmed are all our history . 
  that 's why the republic decided to preserve all of them . 
  but if such consensus changes among the republic and the people decides the romans are not part of anatolian/ottoman history anymore , then we all would have to comply with the republic 's decision . 
  world heritage convention is above the government , so the heritage site wo n't be destroyed , although it would be murky water . 
  it would be super inefficient to make it a mosque or a church because there are literally tens of them near hagia sophia . 
  not to mention ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople is so near it and the biggest mosque in istanbul is few steps away from it ... 
  he 's doing it for his own security ... 
  he will toss the country into fire and war if it means his illegal assets do n't get exposed . 
  turkey has literally no interest in this conflict but erdo does . 
  he sold too many turkish assets to qatar in exchange of qatar 's cooperation on his money laundering . 
  if qatar loses independence in the area , erdogan gets hurt the most after the amir of qatar . 
  that is according to you bro . 
  as a greek , the fyrom people mightnot come to your mind at first but in an international setting , a person who is from the province of macedonia is simply referred to as `` greek '' here . 
  a person from fyrom is referred to as `` macedonian '' . 
  in greece , this may cause confusion but in the europe sub it do n't . 
  just let this one go , you can still dispute alexander and greek history while accepting your neighbors are called macedonians . 
  according to a recent pro-government survey , only 22 % attend the salah 5 times a day . 
  this is a prerequisite to become a muslim . 
  looking at this , we can say 22 % of turkey are actual devout muslims . 
  people think laicit\u00e9 turns them into sinners but actually they need laicit\u00e9 . 
  all of the things they say points to this , excluding fucking lunatics who shoot children out of boredom and blame it on fasting , akp supporters are people who care about their pockets and this ideal view of `` their '' muslim and moral turkey which they think akp is trying to preserve but those feto and pkk people are trying to bring down . 
  feto and pkk are very real threats but not that big of a deal as akp says . 
  anyways around 70 % of them are good citizens who just want what 's best for turkey but boy are they fucking ignorant . 
  they do n't know what terms mean , they think laicit\u00e9 is atheism , they think kemalism is blasphemy . 
  they think social-democracy encourages terror states . 
  this is because they have this `` we wuz prosperous under ottomanos who ruled 3 continents '' illusion . 
  they have no idea what it was like to be an ottoman citizen , they think they would end up straight in the palace with their gurls and live in a happy muslim society . 
  they think being muslim automatically makes you a good person . 
  they have no idea what laicit\u00e9 brought to them , it allowed land reforms , reallocation of resources to the villagers , the once `` tebaa '' ( the naturally ruled ) became the `` people '' who had self rule . 
  ( ottomans were close to being a country like the uk , but they were doomed to fall ever since they fell at the gates of vienna . ), 
  if they could understand that religion is a matter of afterlife , that not everyone is muslim , they would care about such matters . 
  they ca n't identify rule of law when they see it , they think european societies are sinful kuffar stocks . 
  they always play the blame game like the opposition is ruling turkey . 
  something bad happens , erdo asslickers ( paid propagandists ) shout `` eyy kemalll '' ( talking about chp 's current leader ) like kemal fucked the country up , allowed bombs to explode in our capital , f-16s to wreck the fucking parliament . 
  they immediately buy the propaganda . 
  like , every akp official called out the justice march of chp , but no one could dare say , even akp supporters , `` our justice system is top notch , we are a very just country so what are you walking for ? '', 
  because everyone knows justice is dead in turkey . 
  but erdogan supporters are distracted by paid bootlickers to shallow shit about the march . 
  chp made a statement saying , `` all 80 million people need justice in turkey , we are marching for everyone '' and akp propagandists started a hashtag which was carried to trending by an army of twitter clones ( paid akp thugs ) which than got the attention of everyone because it said `` do n't march for me '' . 
  like you ca n't deny the justice system is raped but you ca n't even blame the people who were in conplete control of the country for 15 years . 
  and when someone has had enough , they are anarchist terrorist supporters . 
  no , bitch , states have obligations to their citizens too ; what the fuck were they supposed to do if the state was keeping on raping them , what the fuck am i supposed to do ? 
  they ca n't correlate . 
  30 % of turkey is lost in circlejerks ... the remaining 15 % are either evil or confused . 
  you forgot fethullah , his army benefited him the most till 2013 . 
  bahceli buried himself to the 10 % threshhold . 
  i will rip my dick off if these braindead necrophiliacs elect him to the parliament ever again . 
  funny thing is , akp did a very `` good job '' eliminating both hdp and mhp . 
  the two wo n't probably pass the threshhold , the alternative party formed by mhp leavers wo n't get enough support to get 10 % , akp will get 44-48 % of the votes but still be represented at 55-60 % because of the shit ass electorate system . 
  two parties will be in our brand new fucked up-useless parliament and erdoboy will mount my ass with his presidential decrees . 
  the only way we could hand erdogan his own dick is to get a candidate that will get the support of both k\u00fcrdos and m e r a l b o y e s ( wolves ) , i do n't know if such an avatar is even born . 
  but i think southeastern populace will boycott the general election . 
  so we need to snatch some akp voters . 
  that is of course if the godly ysk keeps it in their pants ... 
  they can always cheat . 
  they usually stay away from them since some of them are secretly gay too , might ignite some feels ... 
  how , just how is syria multiplying ? 
  holy shit . 
  naah do n't worry sharia wo n't be implemented in turkey ^ hajum, 
  i actually did not think of it till today but that stereotype is completely correct !, 
  we have soft shit everywhere ... 
  even the traditional clothing is puffy , wide and comfortable . 
  i mean they got the animal right too !, 
  i mean they got the animal right too !, 
  you can be gay and be a muslim at the same time just like you said , no one can suggest islam allows homosexuality either . 
  these being said it is also acting like god to choose who to accept to your religion . 
  it is strictly between god and the believer . 
  both accepting/rejecting gays are forbidden . 
  only thing you can do is believe and practice . 
  there are five pillars to practicing and 6 pillars to belief . 
  you are a complete muslim if you do these 11 things , tasting what is haram does not put you out of religion and you yourself are the only authority who can decide whether you are in or out . 
  no one can speak for god but the prophet and it is no one 's job to speak for islam 's support/rejection of lgbti . 
  you ca n't approve homosexuality as a muslim but you definitely can accept its presence and only god decides whether they are kuffar or not .
