ungrafted berserker r, 
  creature - human warrior, 
  haste, 
  ungrafted berserker gets 0 / -1 as long as it 's equipped . 
  they did n't thought at that time that every playable utility spell should be rare , so they did n't made up the excuse of `` good creature removal at common is bad for limited '', 
  since m13 , that yes , was very good . 
  rtr was fine , games were fun but decks felt too constrained . 
  gtc was simply too fast . 
  dgm was beyond horrible . 
  m14 was mediocre . 
  ths was boring and one-sided . 
  play voltron because the removal sucks or do n't bother . 
  bng has been the worst set since saviours . 
  jin coulnd ' t save the block , as it came too late . 
  m15 had one deck . 
  ktk was very good , with lots of directions and fun matches . 
  frf had bomb rares and bad commons . 
  dtk was mediocre and ininteresting , felt like a core set . 
  ori is fine , but it 'll be forgotten soon as it does n't do anything special . 
  so , from the last 13 sets , only 4 could be considered good . 
  that 's a very low score . 
  i think it 's safe to say that limited has been getting worse . 
  magic has been for around 20 years , and they wasnt the game to last for at least 20 more years . 
  this means that they will absolutely try to do the least amount possible of unique and new cards per set , as they fear running out of ideas . 
  they tried t\u00edo balance this by giving medics no extra ammo fue their guns , so field ops and other clases could be played . 
  sadly , ione of the first things that the community modded in the game was to give more starting ammo for medics , sand then what you described happened . 
  goyf did n't broke standard in any of the two years it was legal . 
  it was played , but it did n't become the powerhouse rhino or thragtusk are in their respective formats . 
  the power of a card for a format is completely relative . 
  there were standards formats where wrath was not a format defining card !, 
  they are lowering the number of instant playable cards in the format , possibly to make the game more computer and new player friendly . 
  is an attempt to make the game more similar to hearthstone . 
  because it wins games you were going to lose , it wins games you did n't know you were going to win and it wins games you were winning . 
  you are not killing bears with that card unless you absolutely need to . 
  and then the cards gives you that option . 
  it will be voluntary , as long as you can pay for it . 
  insurance companies will charge you way more for having a manual car as they will percieve that those cars are more likely to have an accident . 
  because of that , unless you are rich , you will be forced to go on an selfdriving car . 
  seven easy cuts that will make your cube more interactive , fun and skill testing :, 
  the 5 swords , batterskull and wurmcoil engine . 
  maybe it should be a snow tribal instant - wizard arcane with devoid . 
  then we would be talking . 
  play commander ? 
  wait six months for rotation ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i 'm still surprised at how popular mtg is given how expensive it has become . 
  at least in 2002 drivers pushed their driving the whole race . 
  these days they are saving fuel or tires , engines almost never break and tarnac means that there 's almost no penalty for going off-track . 
  2002 was a bad year , but unlike 2015 , it had ` racing ' . 
  it 's name , it has ` lotus ' on it . 
  wizards could make a [ [ searing spear ] ] reprint , make it mythic , call it ` lightning lotus ' and most people would defend it because it ` feels mythic ' and ` is too powerful for limited ' . 
  did it need to have deathtouch ? 
  was n't being a 2/3 with two sinergic abilities for just 2 cmc enough ? 
  these days once they decide to push a card they put words and words into the card until they feel that they are done because there is no more space left . 
  theros was mediocre , born was bad , journey was mediocre , m15 was bad , khans was good , fate was bad , dragons was mediocre , origins was mediocre , battle is bad ... 
  yes , it has been steadily improving . 
  at the same time , the average value of a pack had less variance , because rare cards had all the same chances to be open . 
  because of that , it was easier to trade a card you did n't want for another one you did wanted . 
  openings packs was less of a gamble , as there were more possibilities to open a card with a value close to the pack 's cost . 
  and let 's not forget that not too long ago , uncommons and commons were playable in every set , not mistakes that they forgot to put in the mythic slot . 
  ( delver and cruise ), 
  the magic number in this format is 4 . 
  many defenders will have a toughness of 4 , and many attackers ( rakdos commons and selesnya centaurs ) can only attack for three , so keep that in mind when building a deck . 
  agro decks should have a way to get over defenders with 4 toughness , and control decks and 3/4 color bgxy midrange decks should love [ [ trestle troll ] ] . 
  splash when needed and have in mind against izzet that they can win the game via [ [ teleportal ] ] ; selesnya usually can play 3/3 at instant speed at eot or in response to something [ [ rootborn defenses ] ] . 
  it 's an amazing format , the second best they have done in recent years , just behind khans . 
  market research shows that skinner box mechanics make games interesting long enough for most buyers . 
  once they are done with the treadmill , they are ready to buy the next game . 
  having good mechanics , high skill ceiling and a equal start for everyone would make two things :, 
  - some players would play the game too much and would not buy the next one as they are already too deep playing the present one . 
  - casual players would say that the game is boring and would tell friends not to buy it . 
  in the end , is all about money . 
  but they were n't saving fuel and tires 90 % of the time . 
  it depends . 
  if bernie is still alive or the third world war has started , f1 will be dead . 
  if bernie is dead , f1 will be still alive . 
  these are exactly the kind of cards that current wotc would never do again , as they care about little details , make the gameplay more complex , are hard to grok for new players and give the better player a better shot at winning the game . 
  that , and because they are flavorful , is why i love the cycle you have done . 
  you have titans , mana vault , skullclamp , signets , swords , batterskull , wurmcoil engine , armageddon and many other powerful cards that almost win the game on the spot and/or help the midrange deck take over . 
  i do n't see why jtms would be too powerful in your cube . 
  it 's a common with an extra line of text and it 's easy to grok . 
  one could say that having pacifism at 1cmc is too cheap , but that would be too cheap even at mythic rare . 
  i would n't rule that card out of oath yet . 
  maybe having other ability than menace , buy essentially , that . 
  again , i like the idea . 
  remember to change the colorless symbol of 1 into [ c ] when it 's available , 
  should n't the transformed lands have the subtype `` colony '' once they are transformed ? 
  that way you are creating synergies between the cards in the set , and it also makes sense . 
  this cycle of lands have made think about a card that your set should have if you do n't have it already , but i do n't see it if https://doortonothingness.wordpress.com/custom-sets/kazundoo/ is the actual list of cards in your set . 
  call to work 1w, 
  put 2 white human settler creature tokens into the battlefield, 
  here is an example of the current phase of mtg design , following the steps shown in the previous sphinx . 
  ` r&d does n't want you to play red ' elemental . 
  creature - elemental, 
  mythic rare, 
  prevent all damage that re and colorless sources would deal to this . 
  when a player casts a red spell you win 5 life . 
  `` it 's balanced because it 's mythic '', 
  good magic sets were more common 5 years ago , so we did n't expect them to be bad . 
  non creatures spells were still playable and costed less than 3 .
