  and speaking about ` common ' , common cards were also playable !, 
  ` that 's why we 'll keep bending the rules this year so mercedes can keep on winning ', 
  one card out of 5 sets . 
  `` if you have a brand that you want to put in front of a few hundred million people , i can do that easily for you on television . 
  `` now , you 're telling me i need to find a channel to get this 15-year-old to watch formula 1 because somebody wants to put out a new brand in front of them ? 
  they are not going to be interested in the slightest bit . 
  `` young kids will see the rolex brand , but are they going to go and buy one ? 
  they ca n't afford it . 
  or our other sponsor , ubs -- these kids do n't care about banking . 
  they have n't got enough money to put in the bloody banks anyway . 
  `` that 's what i think . 
  i do n't know why people want to get to the so-called ` young generation ' . 
  why do they want to do that ? 
  is it to sell them something ? 
  most of these kids have n't got any money . 
  `` i 'd rather get to the 70-year-old guy who 's got plenty of cash . 
  so , there 's no point trying to reach these kids because they wo n't buy any of the products here and if marketers are aiming at this audience , then maybe they should advertise with disney . '', 
  are you focusing on the theme or the mechanics ? 
  if you focus on mechanics , there are many cards that care about color that would feel very good in your cube across many blocks , ravnica specially . 
  [ [ civic saber ] ] , [ quickchange ] , [ transguild courier ] or the cycle of rings from m13 could be good additions . 
  there are no so many cards about -1 / -1 counters , but i would look at cards from the scars block , like the ones with proliferate , [ [ vedalken anatomist ] ] and [ [ serrated arrows ] ] . 
  cards like that would play nicely with that theme . 
  now that you 're also including the theros god 's , feel free to look after the other hybrid creatures from both ravnica block 's and alara reborn , i think that cards like the borderposts ( [ [ fieldmist borderpost ] ] ) would help greatly to increase the devotion and chroma , and also play well with the cycle of blades : [ [ naya hushblade ] ] and others . 
  it should be mythic for 2 reasons , and limited is one of them . 
  they want to slow down standard so games last longer . 
  how do they do that ? 
  adding one mana to the cost of every basic spell . 
  players do n't complain and keep buying cards , so they keep doing that without risking any power creep . 
  that 's why basic cards like llanowar elves , rampart growth , pyroclasm , mana rocks , rituals , stone rain , giant growth , lightining bolt , wrath of god , counterspell , edicts and doom blade variants have equivalents that cost at least one more mana . 
  the other reason is to keep the game simple making new players feel welcomed . 
  the more expensive spells are , the less choices the players have and the less likely is to play two or more spells in the same turn . 
  from a deck building point of view , this colorless mechanic is essentially a new color . 
  for example , in sealed , in most sets you usually make 5 piles for colored cards , another one for artifacts and another one for multicolor if there are any . 
  in this set you will make a pile for every color , another for artifacts , another for multicolor and another one for c colorless cards . 
  then you will have to check that you have enough wastes and other colorless lands to be ably to play your eldrazi colorless cards , in the same way that you did with your other colored cards . 
  if bfz were a well designed set , it would . 
  unfortunately , the did the same mistake they did with journey into nyx and reserved the most interesting mechanic for the last set . 
  once the chaos enters into stage , the game forces the player to go the old way of going into cover to regenerate health ( shield ) . 
  it 's a shame that going melee in later levels means death , specially in higher difficulties . 
  they created a nice health mechanic but decided to make it irrelevant . 
  first of all , always try to draw instead of playing first , the 2 cards of advantage are worth it . 
  there has been only one format where aggro in 2hg was viable , and it was playing infect in scars of mirrodin block before the letal poison count was changed from 10 to 15 . 
  since you 're not playing scars block , aggro decks , 2/1s for 1 , and bears are not really good , but having 1 or 2 bears in your deck is also not bad ( 0/6 walls for 2 are better ) . 
  stick to a mid-range/control shell where you manage to play between the 2 of you all the rares , colors and bombs that you open . 
  every card that gives card advantage should be played , every removal spell too , and you could also try to put one naturalize effect between your decks . 
  there are no combo decks , but the player with blue should play all the counterspells ( even if it costs 4 ) and try to bluff them even if he does n't have them . 
  evasion , and a way to close crowded boards is important , too . 
  it seems that in this format , playing surge is going to be the dominant strategy , so when building your deck , rate the costs of your cards with surge as if surge were the normal cost . 
  games go long , so the big eldrazi become more playable than normal , and you should have them in your deck and you should have ways to dispose them . 
  as you said , cards that hit every opponent are stronger , so play them . 
  [ [ skull rend ] ] was unplayable in rtr 1vs1 limited , but in 2hg it was almost as broken as [ [ pack rat ] ] . 
  most opponents will also have 2 or 3 cards in hand the whole game , so play discard as it will usually made them discard theirs bombs . 
  play 18 lands because you do n't want to be mana screwed , ever . 
  in the past , landwalking creatures ( they were almost always unblockable in 2hg because your opponents will be plating 4 or 5 colors ) and creatures with protection were always a must play , but they do n't exist anymore . 
  keep this in mind if wotc spoils something similar in ogw as the cycle of own color hate cards of theros , that was maindeckable . 
  ( [ [ glare of heresy ] ] ), 
  you will have 30 lives , and that 's a lot . 
  feel free to lose 10 or 15 lives against aggro players without worrying , at that point your card advantage and quality will take over the game . 
  because of these advices , you will mostly have a slow deck , so remind yourselves and your opponents to play fast or you will go to time and end up tying . 
  and finally , have fun . 
  it 's 8 packs for every pair . 
  i forgot that it was a prerelease . 
  titans and wurmcoil dominated standard at that time , making this card unplayable . 
  in its limited format it was playable , but still failed to kill many of the bombs that som had . 
  i think it 's going to be much more played 3 months from now once rhino rotates . 
  [ [ wurmcoil engine ] ], 
  y es . 
  and by doom blade and go forma the throat . 
  i do n't how having unplayable commons and very good rares makes for a better limited . 
  one f the worst limited sets of all time , avacyn restored , was bad because of the major gap in power level between commons and rares . 
  the less playables per pack are , the less choices a player has to build a deck and the worst the format is . 
  i 'm having the same problem . 
  well , [ [ oath of nissa ] ] is a start for printing efficient filtering at rare . 
  i still remember how was the composition of teams in clan matches in wolf : et . 
  5 medics and an engineer vs 6 medics . 
  if the map objective did n't require dynamite , then there were only medics . 
  it was a a great game , but certainly some class balance tweaks were needed . 
  i would say that forcing players to buy more cards more often was the real reason that a card 's life in standard went from 24 to 18 months . 
  wotc makes mtg to earn money , and they are really good at it . 
  i hope that this is n't true . 
  f1 is boring enough with maldonado ; it does n't need to be even more boring . 
  when him and kimi are gone , almost every driver in the grid will be a boring corporate drone , too scared to say or do anything worthwhile . 
  not using the kill animations would be a sub optimal way to play , so we could as well say that they are mandatory even if there are health kits scattered around . 
  the two years that the original ravnica block were in standard were probably the two best standard seasons ever . 
  every archetype were playable ( aggro , control , midrange and combo ) , cards across every rarity were played and staples were printed then . 
  magic was funnier , more diverse and cheaper . 
  one of the few mechanics i 'd never like to see at uncommon or common rarity and/or with a cheap cost . 
  shuffling should not happen often , as it make games go longer . 
  good card , probably part of a 5 color cycle , like the beacons or zeniths . 
  light and awe . 
  1r instant, 
  ~ does 3 damage to target creature or player . 
  scry 1 . 
  `` we created the mythic rarity to lower card availability , why do you think that we would like to reprint the cards that we purposefully made that hard to find ? '', 
  one exception does n't make a rule . 
  maybe only 1 % of the commons they print these days are main board playable . 
  just go ahead and count the number of common cards played in standard . 
  who gives a **** ? 
  what does a movie having an r rating have anything to do with quality ? 
  the duels of the planeswalker games are responsible for that , as they were a great teaching tool that showed mtg to people who usually does n't play tcg .
