  the nwo has nothing to do with saving the game . 
  red bounce in planar chaos was restricted to creatures the opponents control , as [ [ stingscourger ] ] and [ [ dead/gone ] ] shows . 
  in the same set [ [ vampiric link ] ] did n't have any restriction . 
  something as simple as [ [ gathan raiders ] ] was awesome . 
  instead we have +1 / +1 counters mechanics in every set . 
  the same for me . 
  the first deck that i had was about interacting with flash creatures and damage in the stack . 
  the second deck i had was about chaining suspend spells with storm spells . 
  the complexity of mtg was the reason i loved the game , back them almost every card at almost every rarity had a deck or archetype where it 'll be fine . 
  cards were puzzles pieces waiting to be put into a deck and the player had to solve them . 
  i remember that i used to despise yu-gi-oh because it was too simple , but these days i feel that yu-gi-oh has more depth than mtg . 
  and yet they had to neuter and dumb it down creating the 5 mana morph rule of thumb . 
  the main reason that card is unseen is because they nerfed forever counterspells by printing [ [ cavern of souls ] ] . 
  that 's why most counterspells in modern are played with the intention of countering non creature spells . 
  [ [ big game hunter ] ] has a mandatory trigger that can target creatures on both sides . 
  [ [ ana battlemage ] ] 's trigger could also misfire . 
  you could regenerate an opponent 's creature with [ [ dawn charm ] ] or sacrifice a creature of your own to counter [ [ brain gorgers ] ] !, 
  the restriction on red bounce was a choice made to show the recklessness of red , not a decision made to dumb down the game . 
  you felt more natural to you to add that word to your statement . 
  one is the problems with pg13 movies is that they do n't feel real as the characters use an artificial way of talk as they ca n't swear ( and swearing when you are trying to save your life is pretty natural ) . 
  that 's what i wanted to show you . 
  under no circumstances i will pay 60 $ for a controller , 120 $ to be able to play split screen . 
  given that , i do n't think that i 'm the only one who thinks that the steam controller will never be close to become a standard . 
  the game is designed around the glory kill mechanic . 
  you may as well say that firing weapons is also optional . 
  shoot , move , pause , shoot , move , pause , level up , bigger pause , shoot , move , pause . 
  nice mechanic they have , forcing the player to pause the game every few seconds in higher difficulties for optimal play . 
  it will probably be . 
  they are promoting that mechanic and they are proud of it . 
  they really want players to do glory kills as the trailers show . 
  maybe the game will be out and there will be an option in the difficulty setting to disable it , but it 's unlikely . 
  the trailers of the witcher showed more things than killing monsters , and the witcher is also an a-rpg . 
  `` you 're joking right ? 
  they 've already said glory kills are optional . 
  you do n't have to do them . 
  at all . '', 
  getting ammo and health for doing glory kills sounds like something every player that is not gimping himself should do . 
  unless the game puts more health and ammo if the glory kills are unchecked in the options menu , the game will be designed around them . 
  in dishonored they said that objective markers were optional , but in reality , there were not : the levels were designed around having a magical objective marker hovering in the gui ; a player that switched that off would often have no way of knowing on which direction or random room to go to trigger the next cut scene or level . 
  it would need at least two more turns to be something that needs to be considered , and any player that tries to kill it with an instant kill spell would stop it from growing one more turn even if the spell is countered , so i think that it 's fine . 
  that game was from the time when studios thought that consoles were going to kill pc gaming , and the odd times they decided to do a pc port , it was shit : low fov , bad controller support , mouse acceleration . 
  that ca n't be turned off . . 
  it 's a shame that a game as good as bioshock had such a bad port . 
  current f1 is so boring that even the colours left the sport . 
  brutalize needs a reminder text telling that the attacking creature wo n't deal damage to the defending player unless it has trample . 
  otherwise the card would confuse new players too often . 
  i forgot those cards , but i 'm really surprised that they do n't have the remainder text as it 's not a very intuitive rule for a new player . 
  it 's not about selling the game , is about making life harder for pc players so they end up buying an xbox . 
  just what they did back 8 years ago with gfwl , that was intentionally bad . 
  it 's like they are trying two achieve two different objectives at the same time :, 
  - getting people to move from previous versions of windows to windows 10 so they buy on the closed and opaque app-store . 
  - moving players from pc to xbox . 
  somehow these objectives contradict each other , but they do n't realize of it , maybe because the windows department of microsoft is different from the xbox department . 
  the only thing in common both objectives have is making sure that no one can play games any more on a os without serious privacy flaws ( win7 & 8 ) and that 's what they are trying to do with all their efforts . 
  and also can not leave the battlefield . 
  actually , it 's not a bad card . 
  at all . 
  but it was on the wrong environment , a format without almost any artifacts worth playing . 
  if i had a cube centered around artifacts you can bet that [ [ renowned weaponsmith ] ] would be there as a small [ [ sol ring ] ] , even if there were no vials nor shitty bows . 
  and it 's also a 1/3 for 2 than can defend against bears and tokens , do n't forget that . 
  2008 : garfield comments that the game may be too expensive , specially for competitive cards . 
  the same year , mythic rarity was created with the objective of making competitive cards even more expensive . 
  they really listened to him . 
  and limited is better thanks to the mythic rarity , too . 
  it 's also better and cheaper when utility spells have their rarity increased , the game becomes more affordable . 
  wotc 's actual guide to create a card with mythic rarity or a pushed rare card . 
  design a fair french vanilla common . 
  give it a second ability . 
  is there space enough left on it ? 
  give it another ability . 
  take one generic mana off of the card cost . 
  so , we started with a 2/2 menace for 1bb and then we ended with this card . 
  the same happened with ayli , anafenza , kytheon , kalitas , deathmist raptor or prophetic flamespeaker . 
  if every color had cards like this limited would be better , more fun . 
  few people will have the joy of playing this cards in limited given it 's rarity . 
  magic : the stock market that also happens to be a game for some reason . 
  this is the kind of card that should be mythic . 
  a thing in the ice that awakens and then destroys everything . 
  nice design , it reminds me of [ [ ludevic 's test subject ] ] . 
  the tokens wo n't need to wait a turn if tapping them is removed from the cost . 
  but then what 's the point ? 
  it may as well say ` destroy up to three target creatures ' . 
  by waiting a turn you are giving the opponent a chance to answer , making it fairer but also underpowered . 
  i 'm still surprised that fiery temper is a common . 
  the last quality burn spell printed at that rarity was in theros , in 2014 . 
  they wo n't stop until almost every card in every top8 other than basic lands is at least rare . 
  i 'm so glad i stopped buying years ago . 
  i still have nightmares about those pilgrims armed with lifelink cleavers that were impossilble to race . 
  it was a fine card until they broke the rules that made that card fair . 
  it was so useless that it was played in standard at its time ( specially after caw-blade was banned ) and it has always been a part of gr-tron in modern . 
  check your facts . 
  ravnica had mana rocks at common and it was one of the best limited environment ever done . 
  time spiral also had one and was also a very good format too . 
  the real reason this card is rare is not balancing limited nor reducing complexity for the nwo . 
  it 's rare because its will be played in constructed and they do n't want common and uncommon cards to be appearing in constructed . 
  check the too complex  mana dork that is also rare . 
  in a few months they 'll probably say that rally was a mistake because it was too cheap . 
  someone should ask maro about it . 
  because it 's hard to play , is made mostly of commons and uncommons with only 4 mythics and has an unusual way of interacting instead of being midrange rhinos . 
  remember that the game is better thanks to the nwo !,
