  if something does n't appear on those newspapers it does n't necessary mean that it did n't happen , it could mean that those newspaper did n't want to push that news as it does n't follow their agenda . 
  that card always made me think that it 's from future sight . 
  i usualy do grid drafting , previously removing a color from the cube . 
  yet i feel that they failed to show mechanically that the lives of the aetherborn are very short and intense . 
  it would have resounded more if they had vanishing or some other mechanic that forced the player to seize their shorts lives . 
  it 's worth it . 
  many archetypes and many inusual interactions but as the block went on the archetypes became more diluted . 
  drafting slivers is usually a trap , but a fun one never the less . 
  control is usually too good in this block , so try to boost the aggro creatures . 
  it was very , very fun . 
  using a removal spell on your own creature so your opponent has to target their own creature with [ [ phthisis ] ] is one thing you never forget . 
  i know [ [ sprout swarm ] ] is very powerful but i would n't take out of the cube , just keep one copy of it , as if it were a rare . 
  try also to play with damage on the stack : many , many cards in this block are designed around this rule and would feel very underpowered if you play without the rule . 
  time spiral came in autumn of 2005 and damage on the stack was removed with m10 in summer of 2008 . 
  you are forced to cast any spell you control with suspend when the last counter is removed . 
  warhammer 40,000 space marine also had a qte final boss . 
  a disappointing end for a game that went from very good to mediocre through the campaign . 
  4.5 ) find that your cards have rotated out . 
  you are forgetting how low was the fov in that game ( and the config files were encrypted to avoid fixing it ) and how mouse acceleration and autoaim was on by default even if you played it with mouse and keyboard . 
  but mythical rarity main objective was to balance limited so it 's good , do n't you know that ? 
  then why so many mythics have so many extra lines with abilities on top of abilities and also efficient bodies ? 
  kalitas , avacyn , chandra , the gb bear from emn ... all these extra lines of text just because they are mythics and r&d want standard to be domintated by those cards . 
  can you give me the source ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i think on the other direction , in an alternative reality mtg would only have 4 colors . 
  green and white share so many mechanics ( tokens , life gain , disenchant effects , efficient creatures , vigilance , enchantments matter , flash creatures ) that they may as well may be reduced to one color . 
  mana ramping could be red and wraths black . 
  draft would be very different that way with 8 players and 4 colors . 
  this reminds me of the release of new phyrexia . 
  everyone was complaining because cawblade was too strong and then [ [ batterskull ] ] was printed . 
  it seems that wotc has n't learned anything . 
  they usually cost more mana because r&d does n't want them to be played in constructed and also because they are scared of the combo implications of global effects on a lower cost . 
  the cost of the cards is fine as it is , although as it has been said , it should sacrifice itself if a player chooses the second option . 
  extra points for being a sort of answer to [ [ sprout swarm ] ] . 
  this card should have been printed at that time . 
  time spiral 2 : electric boogaloo , mixing new and old mechanics , reprints , references , common cards with 7 lines of text and a new card type that 'll never be used again . 
  that 's how i 'll do it . 
  and then i 'll do it again . 
  i do n't think that this card is rare because is too complex for new players . 
  there must be another reason . 
  my [ [ trinket mage ] ] is smiling . 
  lovely uncommon that i 'm sure will populate many peasant and budget cubes from now on . 
  not strictly better , as you wo n't be able to play this card if your opponent does n't have any artifacts in their deck . 
  i 've played [ [ manic vandal ] ] as a [ [ gray ogre ] ] more times that i 'd like to admit . 
  playable in almost any non-aggro green deck in limited and boring . 
  modern started with artifact lands banned because of their power level and [ [ sensei 's divining top ] ] also banned because of logistic reasons . 
  i know it 's not exactly the same , but this could be a sort of precedent for wotc starting the frontier format without fetches . 
  about [ [ dark intimations ] ] :, 
  `` i bring this up because we decided to once again to have a little fun and reference something that was n't in this set . 
  what sets this card apart from the three i just mentioned is that what the card is referencing might not exist in aether revolt but does exist previously in magic . 
  nicol bolas had a planeswalker card in the set conflux many years ago . 
  that said , the card does seem to be as forward looking as it is backward looking . 
  does this mean anything for our trip to the plane amonkhet ? 
  maybe . '', 
  so , could this be a hint that the story of amonkhet is happening in the past ? 
  or are there going to be story flashbacks in the next months ? 
  what an amazing display of reading comprehension on my part !, 
  i love this idea . 
  a cube like this would be easy to do looking at cards with the old border , as they loved to do creatures with downsides back then . 
  downside abilities are usually a part of red and black , and not so much on white and green . 
  for green and white , i would take a look at cards with echo , vanishing and fading , self bouncing ( why do i love time spiral block so much ? 
  ) , cumulative upkeep and defender . 
  you could even put a defender subtheme in the cube . 
  the removal would need to be toned down , as overcoming the downsides of the creatures is already a good challenge , so most removal would need to also have downsides . 
  [ [ utopia vow ] ] , [ [ pongify ] ] , [ [ bone splinters ] ] are good examples , although [ [ pacifism ] ] effect could be too mean as they remove the creature but sometimes not the downside . 
  it should be tested . 
  i 'd like to look for more ideas for this in the future . 
  not until they remove the mythic rarity . 
  maybe next year if standard keeps being unplayed . 
  as a spaniard , i ca n't tell you well enough of anglicisms used in mexico , but i can tell you that in spanish the name of languages is n't capitalized on its first letter . 
  look at / r/mexico . 
  it used to be somehow similar , back when they did n't push only 2 or 3 cards per set , but yes , the card pool size is another reason . 
  the seasons of standard with ravnica or timespiral were incredibly diverse , as there were playable cards for almost any archetype . 
  there is always a first time for everything in life . 
  they did many design philosophy and rules changes at almost the same time than the nwo , so it 's normal for people to blame things on nwo . 
  for example , nwo came with the same set than brought mythic rarity , and with it wotc started putting less constructed playable cards at common and more staples at mythic . 
  it 's around 80 $ / month in spain . 
  i ca n't afford to pay that . 
  [ [ earthen arms ] ] goes crying to a corner . 
  a link for your cubetutor list would be a good start . 
  origin is also not forced to exist only on w10 . 
  expanding your user base must help instead of restricting it . 
  amazing work putting together all the art . 
  i loved it . 
  escalate has nothing wrong with it other than being a generic and theme neutral mechanic than can go into any set , when investigate was a very on theme mechanic that played well and was loved by the players but only showed in soi . 
  but this card can discard planeswalkers . 
  i think that this may be saying something ... , 
  this card seems to be a reverse apology to [ [ fatal push ] ] . 
  they printed a very good uncommon that would have been rare at most cases , so now they print a good uncommon that does n't need to be rare . 
  and for those who say that this is because limited , remember that aftermath and embalm are the main mechanics of the set , so 2x1 will happen very often in the same game . 
  i never thought i 'd see this card again . 
  maybe they are listening . 
  you do n't . 
  for r&d having unanswerable permanents is good design that avoids feels-bads . 
  planeswalkers are big splashy mythics needed in constructed that sell sets . 
  the financial stability of the game relies on players having the urge to open cases to get those planeswalkers . 
  so yes , it 's very bad for hasbro . 
  is ` dies to shock ' becoming the next ` will be good when polukranos rotates ' ? 
  you may consider the direction that current hollywood has taken : sequels , reboots , prequels , adaptations from every video game , book or comic ever sold and nostalgia over everything else . 
  the movie industry was doomed to failure and ... it failed .
