  probably exert . 
  the flavor of the mechanic shows how the people of amonkhet train to become the best trial runner , and those trials are very likely to be over once bolas arrives , although is not a very flavorful mechanic that probably wo n't resonate too much . 
  on the gameplay aspect , it 's a simple mechanic that plays well and does n't require almost any build around , but it could be anywhere . 
  exert belongs to the same kind of mechanics that battlecry , unleash , support or bolster belong . 
  they are dull , focused on combat , play well on limited and are quickly forgotten . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  a current slivers mirror match is just a race to see who vomits their hand into the battlefield first . 
  some removal or trick can finish the game quickly , but is similar to current hearthstone matches : play creatures and attack . 
  the quality of the initial hand will decide most matches . 
  an old slivers mirror match , on the other hand , is a slow and methodical battle of wits to see who tricks the other player to play the wrong sliver at the wrong moment . 
  knowing when it 's the right moment to drop a [ [ dormant sliver ] ] , a [ [ frenetic sliver ] ] or a [ [ plague sliver ] ] is not an obvious thing , although , yes , very chaotic . 
  it gave an extra dimension to deck building and limited play : do n't limit yourself to the mogg fanatic example , effects like bounce and p/t switching are now less powerful because now they can not be used to obtain card advantage/save or kill a creature as often as before . 
  the removal of dots made the game more shallow and simple . 
  it was just an example of the type of counterplay that does n't exist anymore , but yes , it 's a far fetched . 
  experiences of been a casual player when tsp was out , drafting the set later and watching and reading some comments about it . 
  keep in mind that the current version of far cry on steam has the ai bugged , causing enemy mercenaries to see the player through vegetation ( the game was designed with vegetation being a place to hide and sneak unseen , so now it 's even harder ) . 
  there might be a patch for this problem , i do n't know where . 
  you forgot the best answer against a sandworm convergence : [ [ lay claim ] ] . 
  but i get your point . 
  it 's very hard or even impossible to play against that card . 
  i 'd love it if they would create a fling variant with the option of sacrificing planeswalkers , doing damage equal to the loyalty of that planeswalker . 
  i have the feeling that in a few years from now , after listening to market research , they will change again the legend rule so the only rules meaning of legendary will be :, 
  `` this permanent can be your commander '' . 
  after that , everyone will agree that the previous legend rule was silly coming up with examples that made it ` complicated ' and ` unintuitive ' and as a result more legendary mythics will show as a playset in constructed decks . 
  i 'd like to think that as well , but given how badly they have designed mtg this years , pushing it into further simplification , it seems likely . 
  not a good set value wise , but i 'm using in my cube almost every fuse card released in dgm . 
  because of that , it 'll always be a good set to me . 
  seeing the whole time spiral block at the top ten makes me realize that / r/magictcg shares nothing with the target demographics wotc caters to . 
  winning the rise of the eldrazi pre-release ( 80 people attending ) with a 3 color 41 cards deck without fixing that did n't have any eldrazi cards . 
  futhermore , my opponents were also [ [ deprive ] ] d of them . 
  zendikar was saved that day . 
  spaniards have higher minimum standards than arabs and africans . 
  ulamog may had rotated out but emrakul would still had been there getting free mindslavers in turn 4 . 
  missing the free cast triggers from the big eldrazi has been a error as big as printing felidar guardian next to saheeli . 
  damage on the stack also allowed you to use an [ [ unsummon ] ] effect to save a creature from combat while killing the one it fought to . 
  it 's existence made limited more grindy and control friendly compared to what it is now . 
  this pair or replacement rules would n't actually do anything . 
  each time a player wins the game , both replacement rules would apply only once , so the outcome would remain the same . 
  a replacement effect ca n't affect the same effect more than once . 
  player a wins -  replacement rule 1 -  player a loses -  replacement rule 2 -  player a wins, 
  take this with a grain of salt , as it 's been many years since i judged . 
  and it would have been a nice cog to be used by decks with the improvise mechanic in the same block . 
  when was the last time it was n't like this ? 
  so you just called people nerds in reddit . 
  do you feel better now ? 
  they always did , but not too long ago they catered to rdw players . 
  for example , those three cards were common red burn across zendikar block :, 
  [ burst lightning ] , [ searing blaze ] , [ staggershock ] . 
  and why has changed this so much ? 
  because wotc does n't want timmy to feel bad for having his $ 30 planeswalker killed by a 20 cent common . 
  [ [ burst lightning ] ] , [ [ searing blaze ] ] , [ [ staggershock ] ] . 
  this is what i fear is going to happen with the game once they stop doing small sets : no mechanic will be developed at all for fear of being too complex . 
  if the cycling cost were 1 less , the cycling duals from amonketh would n't be strictly superior and ( ignoring the desert synergy ) you would n't feel the need of playing rare lands instead of commons . 
  they could create a vanilla supertype , just for this card . 
  i remember tapping my [ [ llanowar elves ] ] over my [ [ imperious perfect ] ] to make little elves back in tsp-lrw standard . 
  i also did . 
  this card could be very playable in a janky control build with aftermath and x-costed cards . 
  somehow , i have the feeling than this could be the next [ [ dynavolt tower ] ] of the set . 
  for some reason , in this block playing creatures from the graveyard is a blue ability . 
  although it was also a blue ability in alara . 
  cycling was already in alara . 
  this is the perfect trope to do a level up enchantment . 
  please , write them . 
  worse yet is the enormous difference in value edh precons have against standard precons . 
  for 30 $ you get a full deck that will hold well against other players ( the own multiplayer nature of edh helps weaker players ) , meanwhile in standard the precons are absolutely garbage , so new players start wasting money in boosters before they realize that the best option is to buy singles online . 
  it 's normal that many of them realize that is better just to play edh instead of spending hundreds of $ in decks that will be outdated in merely months . 
  wotc really needs to make standard accessible again to new players instead of putting almost every single playable card at rare/mythic and releasing precons full of unplayable cards on purpose . 
  cube and masters sets politely disagree with you . 
  play plague belcher , who etb putting 2 tokens on it self , triggering the creation of 2 insects ] ( / spoiler ), 
  play grind ( triggers arhcers , opponent at 6 ) targeting festering mummy and one insect . 
  2 insects are created , zulaport cuthroat triggers twice , opponent at 4 , plague belcher triggers , opponent at 3 , 2 tokens are created and festering mummy targets the other old insect with it ability . 
  that ability will kill that insect , triggering zulaport cutthroat and leaving opponent at 2 , creating another insect . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  attack with archer and cutthroat . 
  no matter how opponent blocks , thanks to cutthroat the opponent will lose 2 more lives . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  edit : forgot that kari zev has first strike ... damn . 
  spare him his life from this monstruosity !, 
  i 'm also having that impression . 
  it 's getting awfully hard to start a draft of the current set and impossible to any chaos or grab bag draft . 
  i have the feeling that they are trying to be a little too conservative regarding design space . 
  there 's only one new mechanic in the whole set , explore , and it 's not a complex one . 
  this card is the definition of power creep . 
  has been there a 2/2 for 1 mana without drawbacks before ? 
  i hope that they print some good cheap burn to compensate this . 
  edit : misread the card and thought that this was a 2/2 that could become a 3/3 . 
  then it 's ok . 
  it has a drawback . 
  each one of them needs an additional clause to be 2/2 or bigger or have some drawback . 
  what makes the elf powerful is not its drawback , it 's the additional untap trigger the elf has . 
  did you read my edit ? 
  to teach new players that good cards in mtg will never be cheap or easy to obtain . 
  amazing card . 
  i had [ [ see beyond ] ] for a long time in my cube , but this card is a direct upgrade that still does n't feel too powerful . 
  this is the kind of card i like . 
  i 'd like to see more like this , and in a reasonable rarity . 
  it 's quite ironic that wotc decides that 1 mana elves are too powerful because they restrict their capability to print creatures on the cmc of 3 and yet they print a `` elf '' that allows 4 cmc drops to come attacking on turn 3 . 
  seems like an intro pack rare that somehow got demoted to uncommon . 
  well done . 
  i 'm looking to draft this .
