  some basics should finish the deck up to 40 cards . 
  good cube . 
  i 'm not fond of conspiracy cards in cube drafting as they made an already complicated thing ( drafting ) even more complicated , but it 's up to your group . 
  one card i really missed was [ [ steel overseer ] ] , specially when [ [ master of ethereum ] ] is in the cube . 
  if you would like to draft my cube , the link is on my flair . 
  first of all :, 
  i know that whole cycles usually do n't need to be put in the cube , but once you put 8 shards charms , put the last two . 
  even if jund and bant has 2 tricolor cards . 
  i do n't have ocd , but that is killing me . 
  some cuts :, 
  remember the fallen , too weak and does n't do enough . 
  skullclamp power level is too high compared to the rest of the cube . 
  i would remove the signets and the tricolor cards and put some morphs on every color . 
  they are easy on the mana and help gathan raiders not feel alone . 
  right now almost every pack has too many cards telling the players to go 3 + colors midrange , but maybe that 's your objective . 
  finally , add [ [ infest ] ] or something similar , as black has only one board wipe and imo it does n't feel enough . 
  it is meant for a [ muticolor ] ( http://magiccards.info/cfx/en/8.html ) set . 
  of course it makes sense . 
  for the same reason they changed etb abilities to only target your opponent creatures or added a may clause . 
  to make sure that new players do n't have to think at all , just play their creatures on curve and win . 
  he wanted to say `` playable '' cards . 
  there was an article of maro saying that if mtg were done from the scratch today it would have `` elemental '' spells like those you say . 
  now it 'd be too late to add something like that , but , who knows ? 
  equipment and planeswalker were created when the game was mature . 
  in the years before nwo wotc experimented with so many things ... 
  as you say , they tried that with `` arcane '' , but 3 years later they tried again with `` tribal '' . 
  it 's a pity that they do n't allow themselves to be as creative as they were back then . 
  mtg has to be profitable . 
  no , it does n't . 
  a vehicle needs to be a untapped creature to be declared as an attacker , and crewing a vehicle requires tapping creatures before the declare attackers step . 
  my bad . 
  for some reason i did n't read the words ` to block ' . 
  standard . 
  where everything is too powerful , but a red jtms is fine . 
  great work , r&d . 
  artifacts matter cards , a proliferation kind of card , tezzeret , lots of couters moving around , one new kind of artifact subtype with its own rules , stations ... 
  we 're just one spell-bomb cycle away of having mirrodin pure renamed as kaladesh in an alternative universe . 
  the spellbombs of the set . 
  just what was needed . 
  kaladesh is mirrodin 3.0, 
  would you care to give some examples ? 
  i ca n't rally tell if you are being ironic . 
  it has been a long time since a sweeper this good at uncommon . 
  i thought that these were only at rare . 
  was n't the last [ [ firespout ] ] ? 
  i think that sometimes they should , but making sure in those cases that there are many cards at the same rarity in others colors also able to do a 3 for 1 . 
  the problem lies when a card or two are leagues better than the rest . 
  the same happens in constructed , as we have seen with collected company . 
  we 've had many 2/1 for 1 at uncommon , a 2/2 for 1 in court homunculus , a 3/3 for 1 in wild nacatl and a 3/2 for 1 in delver , this three at common . 
  this format is not better because this card is rare . 
  but we know that packs have to be sold . 
  so is your argument that any card that has potential in constructed but is not very good in limited ( delver was n't good , but the ur flashback deck would play it ) has to be rare ? 
  very few uncommons warp a limited format . 
  a good one drop has never been one of them . 
  cards in top of my head that have been too good for limited at lower rarities : sprout swarm , mulldrifter , fireball , vampire nighthawk , invisible stalker , druid 's familiar , mist raven , pack rat , gary ... 
  i ca n't remember an agressive one drop being too good in limited . 
  there has never been one . 
  why would this do that ? 
  but gaining life because of the death of creatures is not a white effect , is black . 
  it 's funny how the 2 effects on its own `` you gain a life for each creature on the battlefield '' and `` destroy all creatures '' are white , but together they should n't be white . 
  good point . 
  classic gb build , with a pair of elves . 
  this deck will have many color screw problems , but if it wins , it will win big . 
  for a tricolor cube , some of your cards have too many colored symbols , specially on black ( 1cc and 2cc ) . 
  consider that , as you have a wide range of cards available at your power level that would fit in your cube . 
  if you would like to try mine , the link is on my flair . 
  would n't it be better to ban fetches from tournaments for logistic reasons ? 
  between all the time lost seeing one player shuffle and the amount of cheaters that uses fetches to tutor cards , the pros of the banning would out-weight the cons . 
  i currently ca n't stand watching any kind of non mtgo stream in a format with fetchlands . 
  turn 1 . 
  wait 40 seconds . 
  turn 2 . 
  wait 40 seconds . 
  turn 3 . 
  wait 40 seconds . 
  turn 4 . 
  wait 40 seconds . 
  2 or 3 minutes have gone lost for nothing !, 
  it bores me to tears . 
  jitte was from betrayers . 
  he avoided losing a lot of seconds ( and positions ) by cutting the corner . 
  it 's not about what he won , is about what he did n't lose . 
  til that when you are driving on 1st position you can skip any corners you want if you are feeling pressured by rivals . 
  as i 'm saying , if he would had used well his brakes , he would have lost much more than 2 seconds . 
  by skipping the 2 corners , the won those 2 seconds and all those seconds that he would have lost by taking those corners by braking . 
  it 's simply unfair . 
  this is a joke . 
  british driver vs non-british driver . 
  scars of mirrodin had [ [ golem foundry ] ] as a common , kaladesh has the whole energy mechanic at common and this is not much more complicated . 
  it could be an uncommon as well , but is simple and good enough to be a common . 
  as long as not every common card in your set is as complicated as this one , and there are more cards a common using charge counters , this is fine . 
  i did a simple and fun uw soldiers deck , http://www.cubetutor.com/cubedeck/630709 , and to be honest , the only reason i 'm running blue in that deck ( other than filling cards up to 24 playables is [ [ true-name nemesis ] ] . that card is just absurd and its power level clashes with the rest of the cube . 
  but i 'm seeing other cads that i 'm my opinion should n't be there , as [ [ balance ] ] , [ [ armageddon ] ] or [ [ infiltration lens ] ] . 
  the power gap between then is too high , as i 'm maybe seeing two choices drafting the cube : go all-in in tribal synergies , or try to draft a mean control deck . 
  there are little cards that can go in between . 
  but maybe this was your choice , as you wanted to reflect the old days of control deck fighting weenie decks and not the midrange-fest of today 's magic . 
  i do . 
  the differences between amazing drivers and just very good drivers lie in very few mistakes . 
  what we do n't want to see is a championship decided just by car quality because driver skill is only relevant between teammates . 
  spanish media is as biased and corrupt as american media or maybe more .
