putin is just misunderstood ... 
  i also have a beer bottle opener made from a reindeer antler that my parent 's brought me back from finland , thanks for that too , i 've had it for 10 + years and it 's opened countless beers . 
  what 's the german for * gracious in defeat * ? 
  congratulations alex zane, 
  germany , just in case you missed it , we beat you . 
  sorry , maybe more beards next year ? 
  if russia get points from ukraine , maybe we should allow iraq in and the uk will get some more points ? 
  thanks to the costa del crime, 
  thanks for the cringe finland, 
  sweden cares 1 point . 
  only today ? 
  france , you are so stubborn , no one will think any worse of you for speaking english !, 
  i was not disappointed !, 
  the worst that happen is you 'll mistakenly call your ex and shout `` iceland '' a few times !, 
  it 's good fun though , is n't it ? 
  watch out for the evil satellite !, 
  i expect so , silly russia . 
  nice bit of umpa umpa there germany !, 
  you must not have been watching the polish song, 
  i was churning my own butter ... 
  poland have got this right, 
  it 's going to take more than that to beat [ iceland ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bntgwzvceai27e7.jpg ), 
   webchat : https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/europe, 
  we never do very well , i have a good feeling this year though !, 
  good call , i 've given it a little edit !, 
  i opted not to use the term * official * as i did n't know what qualifies the term in this context . 
  apologies for spoiling your tradition , i had a quiet afternoon . 
  i do something similar with my colleagues at work . 
  i believe so , he 's great !, 
  no calendar ?!, 
  it 's saturday 10th may 2014 , today . 
  i can only imagine the bewildering world of confusion and missed appointments you must live in !, 
  ( get well soon btw ), 
  i 'm looking forward to this bit the most !, 
  do n't pretend this has n't been on your calendar for some time now !, 
  i 'm excited . 
  a shared one with france : [ the tunnel of love ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel_tunnel ), 
  it 's not often i say this to a german but that was quite funny . 
   wine , cheese and bread . 
  that 's your own stereotype , we 've got different ones for you !, 
  while we 're boasting about how much tea we drink , the irish are drinking even more tea !, 
  i 'm putting the kettle on now you crafty git . 
  you my friend are wilfully ignorant , but that 's okay without you the the daily mail would never sell !, 
  i am going to spend my life not judging people but the cut of their beard , the cross on their neck or the fsm sticker on their prius . 
  try not to spend too much of your life worrying about muslamic ray guns . 
  yes there was some terrible business of `` asian men raping young white girls '' , or some would call it `` men raping young girls '' when a catholic priest abuses children , is that a problem with catholicism ? 
  or a problem with catholics ? 
  or a problem with catholic priests ? 
  or a problem with a particular catholic priest ? 
  this is a thread about whether muslims are a problem , so focusing on the actions of a select few and applying to all muslims , that is prejudice . 
  [ group of white men raping asian women . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my_lai_massacre ) - they 're not british or muslim , but that does n't matter , does it ? 
  whether it 's a muslim man raping a white girl , a us solider raping women or a catholic priest abusing a little boy , the problem is n't the army or the church or the religion , the problem is the individuals . 
  the reason their victims were targeted , was because they were there , not because they 're a particular race , colour , creed or religion , just because they happened to be there at the time . 
  more tragic is that people are prepared to hijack tragedy to pursue their own agendas . 
   they omit , as usual , that the rochdale pedophiles what about the white paedophiles ? 
  who do they target ? 
  what about little muslim children that are getting abused by family members ? 
  what about the jewish paedophiles ? 
  catholic paedophiles ? 
  what about the slightly taller than average paedophiles ? 
  you 're saying that paedophiles regarding children as whores as something worth commenting on ? 
  not like the good old white paedophiles that really appreciate the children ?!, 
  is that your point ? 
  a paedophile is a paedophile - sickening . 
  end of . 
  what people are doing is manipulating horrible events like abuse , to perpetuate prejudice . 
  second hand story : a colleague went to berlin on a stag do , one of his friends was black , a white german came over to the black chap , pointed at him shook his head `` no blacks '' pushed him and did a foot stamp thing like he was extinguishing a cigarette . 
  that day a racist german got beaten up . 
  my colleague and his friend do n't think all germans are racists . 
  i honestly thought my premium would go down , i 'm so naive . 
  perhaps there is a problem with respect ? 
  maybe fix that before altering immigration policy ? 
  there 's a little portuguese place near me , i 've had a sandwich called ` the little french girl ' - that was an excellent sandwich . 
  i do n't know if that was typical cuisine or not . 
  even though ed is very different to tony , i ca n't get passed it , not yet , not while tony is still popping his head up telling us who to vote for or how * peace * ought to be achieved . 
  so i voted green . 
  it 's only a joke portugal , it 's not like i mentioned the abduction of children or anything !, 
  nandos , is that you ? 
  one of the things i want to see in my life is to stand somewhere and look in all directions and be unable to see the influence of mankind . 
  ( not at sea or above the clouds ) . 
  i had a quick wiki of finland and yeah it sounds considerably less dense than the uk !, 
  as much as i 'd like to see yorkshiremen being hunted by bears and wolves ( lancashire here ) you 're right , the only places where bears and wolves could have enough space and remoteness are up in scotland and even there ( although i think only ever being fairly close to a road affects how i perceive wilderness ) there are hamlets and farms and little villages all over the place . 
  i 'm probably thinking more about the top half of the country , from leeds down there 's a lot of towns fairly close to one another , drive from lancaster to inverness and you 're going to go through miles and miles and miles of nothing . 
  on the whole the countryside is very sparsely populated . 
  we cram millions of people into tiny little houses right in tight little clusters and then have miles and miles and miles of nothing until the next insane blob of urban concentration . 
  i can picture mummy bear telling baby bear * not to eat the fatty ones , yes they 're more tasty and easy to catch , but if you keep eating people who are 50 % fat you 'll be a fat little bear , chase the slender ones , they 're not as juicy but they 're organic fed !, 
  is n't hungary the only place in europe with a higher bmi than the uk ? 
  could lard be a mistranslation from lard-arse ? 
  the germans call it blitzkrieg, 
  some of them might be busy . 
  apart from all the quentins at edinburgh uni and st andrews ... 
  `` it was reported that smeaton shouted `` fuckin ' mon , then '' and aimed a kick in the testicles '', 
  that 54 % is an average which the do n't provide the numbers for , the numbers they do provide only have one instance before the war the rest are after the invasion , that one instance shows a * for * figure rounded up to 50 % and * unknown * and * against * combined as ~ 51 % . 
  i do n't want to say the piece is total misleading bollocks , but the piece came out a month before the chilcot reminding people that most people definitely wanted a war . 
  you 're wrong . 
  it 's not supposed to be easy , it 's supposed to be right . 
  you 're not spreading the jam , you 're dolloping it . 
   nothing to write home about possibly my favourite phrase . 
  the finest song contest in the whole ~ ~ of europe ~ ~ universe , discuss !,
