  lmao dude you can call your local eu representative or howvere that works and ask them if you really care so much about this, 
   za dom spremni , is among other things , the intro of the \u010cavoglave patriotic song . 
  a pretty disgusting song , just like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaewjvwiwmq hopefully no one in their right mind even thinks of singing them , and yes they should be banned . 
  in yugoslavia , tito had the right idea and banned all nationalisms . 
  if that kind of arrangement is what you desire , i am all for it !, 
  ( not kidding i really do think it was a very wise move )  that rule for that or similar verses and songs would not be applied as chetnik songs would be antifascist in eu . 
  i guess we 'll just have to wait and see , because i do n't think that would happen . 
  eu is n't really concerned with antifascism . 
  there is no need for an / s there though, 
  then you are a traitor to glorious independant slovenia and are a filthy communist my friend, 
   members of serbs in croatia minority returning their homes . 
  you think there would be a mass return to croatia if serbia joins the eu ? 
  idk personally  we would accept those as the patriotic songs but why do you think that would happen ? 
  i guess i just do n't understand why it would be so hard to just apply the same rules to both countries , as you say it already happens in croatia, 
  druze smiri se malo `` who still thinks this is yugoslavia and he can order croatia what to do '' gde si ti to video sa ostatkom komentara se slazem, 
   returners you think diaspora is going to come back ? 
  i do n't know what happened in croatia , but i do n't think the economic wellbeing of serbia is going to surpass canada 's / germany 's / australia 's in a long , long , long time . 
  if anything , those holding a serbian eu passport would just use it to work elsewhere in europe more easily . 
   nobody in eu would have any legislative to punish them . 
  why though ? 
  if you insist that there is a precedent for the eu persecuting croat fascist rousing songs , why could n't they apply the same law to serbian fascist rousing songs ? 
   `` two bitterly poor countries '' seriously ? 
  now i know croatia can be quite shitty , but no need to enter into such hyperboles . 
  cant speak for serbia , but somehow i do not think bitterly poor is entirely applicable either . 
  you can speak for serbia : no it is n't bitterly poor . 
  it 's not rich , but people do n't starve or wear dirty clothes or drink contaminated water . 
   til i personally represent the whole of slovenia . 
  when you get into shit flinging contests about the war , realize you 've abdicated the right to individuality and that you 're supposed to reenact the war once again on the internet , your flair represents which destructive nationalist you pledge alliegance too . 
  downvotes = artillery shells, 
   the first is banned and one would be charged for ... really ? 
  i did n't know , truly . 
  if it is banned then all the better . 
  the cetnik equivalents should be banned then too , sure . 
  keep in mind , i 've agreed with all you 've said here since the beginning of this discussion . 
  i 'm just not up to date on the details . 
  lmao good one, 
  the eternally mysterious crossroads between east and west , a gem ravaged by centuries of war , etc etc etc, 
  pretty disgusting tbh , but this is politics and dirty tactics are fair game . 
  i think this is a way to try and squeeze serbian government and serbian population to shift opinions on euro - * atlantic * integration . 
  maybe it 'll backfire , who knows . 
  it sure is printing tabloids though . 
  realistically , i would n't fear a regression to the worst period of our recent collective history . 
  i thought of posting it though yes , medieval serbia 's core was around the area of kosovo and metohija, 
  why do russia and germany have such unique names ? 
  do the terms mean something in latvian ? 
   the republic of serbia statehood finds its legacy of antifascism in both narodnooslobodila\u010dka borba and chetnik movement . 
  not officially as far as i know ... 
  i do n't think i 've heard any president or pm mention serbia 's `` legacy of antifascism '' in any official capacity i agree , all warmongering fascist movements must be eliminated from the premises of the region , and i 'm always disheartened when i see seselj burning flags or thompson selling out concerts in croatia , people bringing their kids to chant nazi war cries , etc, 
  i 'm just curious where you see cetniks or a cetnik movement in serbia i 'm all for banning fascists but frankly i do n't see them, 
  nah man i do n't think chetniks or ustase or any nationalist movement is antifascist , only partizani deserve that honour . 
  though i do n't know of any legit chetnik like movement that has any power in the region , except srs maybe ? 
  they wo n't be elected any time soon though but what , pusi\u0107 thinks \u010cetniks were antifascist ? 
  i guess it is like venice , still beautiful but touristy . 
  which is what i said . 
  jeremic is just a smart dude with good experience in diplomacy , he was speaker/president/the 2nd position after secretary-general in the un a few years ago and i 'm not as opposed to `` gayregionality '' as you are , 
  the point was that law = / = morality, 
  which is actually a very rational position for the vatican to take, 
  said the plantation overseer to the would-be maroon, 
  seems like a good choice . 
  would be interesting to see her or jeremic become secretary-general . 
  eau de toilette is still used as a term for certain fragrances/perfumes, 
  uhhhhh dubrovnik is filled with tourists but it is n't a tourist trap it 's fucking amazing, 
  gracias for the tip mate , guess i 'll have to ask my grandmother for her birth certificate next time i see her then !, 
  haha i can only hope they get duolingo , though it does n't seem like it will come any time soon yeah i 'd love to be able to get a slovene passport , for the sake of having a eu passport and not waiting for serbia to join haha , though i have n't researched the conditions you need to get one by ancestry ( how many relatives do you need to have to get it ? ), 
  my grandma and all her family is slovene but almost none of them have a slovene passport/live in slovenia because of reasons ( wwii , moving around europe , yugoslav wars , etc ) , and my grandma has had hard times getting the passport by jus sanguinis due to administrative reasons , so the first hurdle to overcome would be to get them passports , then for me to try and get one through her being a citizen or something slovenia is a great little country though , i really love visiting it . 
  you 'll love it the first time you go . 
  really cool that you want to get in touch with your slovene roots , i 've wanted to learn slovene too because i think it 's a beautiful language and it is very similar to serbo-croatian , so it would n't be too hard to learn . 
  if you know of any good online resources/books to learn it please let me know , as it is n't the most popular language so the tools to learn it are less widespread than for other languages :p, 
  do you speak slovene ? 
  or are you a 3rd + generation immigrant and only speak spanish ? 
  just curious , 
  i greet my slovene kin with hug and kisses , but they live close to italy so maybe it 's different in other parts of slovenia closer to austria ? 
  i know germanic people have a reputation for being more distant in their greetings but idk how true that is for austrians, 
  first time i 've seen a reply to a fedora joke that made me laugh more than the fedora joke itself ( which is n't even that funny really ), 
   i had a class mate in elementary school who had came from serbia and he had been allowed to write only his zada\u0107nica and only in the first year in srpskohrvatski jezik . 
  demanded by curriculum . 
  i fail to understand the relevance of this anecdote to your claim that croatian is a distinct language . 
  yes , croatia has enforced its dialect as its official language , sure , how does that detract from what i said ? 
  also there were * novotvorenice * to further distance the dialect , again irrelevant to the fact that both serbian and croatian are dialects ( with their own * sub * dialects ) of the one and only south slavic language that used to be called serbo-croatian or other names . 
  if one day when i go to croatia i have to take a class to be able to communicate with the people i 'll accept your claim that it is a completely different language . 
  until then you got a lot more * novotvorenice * to create . 
   in every other mean those two languages had been different . 
  `` a language is a dialect with an army and navy . '', 
  - max weinreich , yiddish linguist the dialects of croatian and serbian are 100 % mutually intelligible , in fact this is actually one of the main arguments , if not the main argument , many early croatian serbian and bosnian proponents of yugoslavism used to promote a common identity amongst the south slavs . 
  now i understand why you insist on how croatian and serbian are entirely different , i get it you support an independent croatia and there 's nothing wrong with that ( even i find the fact that the language used to be called by the decidedly non-neutral name `` serbo-croatian '' and not yugoslav or something more universal a little stupid ) . 
  but just realize that this is * purely * a political contention , this distancing of the two dialects , and that it holds no water linguistically . 
  as long as i have never in my life had the need to take a `` croatian '' class to entirely understand and speak to my family members in croatia , or read a book in `` croatian '' , i will never fall under the illusion that it is not the same language . 
  sure it 's a distinct language , because i need a class to be able to understand and speak it 100 % . 
  from wiki  the most common , and most purely linguistic , criterion is that of mutual intelligibility : two varieties are said to be dialects of the same language if being a speaker of one variety confers sufficient knowledge to understand and be understood by a speaker of the other ; otherwise , they are said to be different languages . 
  as such , croatian and serbian are two dialects of the same language . 
  further reading : http://www.slate.com/blogs/quora/2014/02/03/what_s_the_difference_between_a_dialect_and_a_language.html http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/02/economist-explains-8 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialect#dialect_or_language, 
   but if for example the us ever attempted to help the saudis against a democratic revolution , they 'd have to do that openly i agree with all you said except this . 
  covert operations are well within us gov ' t realm of expertise they have done it many times and i do n't see why it would be impossible for them to covertly support the saudis, 
  still , that does n't make the language that used to be called serbo-croatian or croatian or serbian language a dead language , seeing as this is the definition of a dead language :  a language no longer in everyday spoken use , such as latin . 
  i speak the language that used to be called serbo-croatian every single day . 
  i 'd bet you do as well . 
  you just do n't call it that . 
  now just because the idea of unifying the dialects of ekavski jekavski stokavski kajkavski etc that are now called serbian croatian ( as if we do n't understand each other with 100 % clarity ) and whatever is abandoned , how does that constitute its death ? 
  it is still spoken every day by millions . 
  the `` death '' of this language is a conflict of semantics , rooted in politics .
