  this sounds like a movie plot more than an actual scientific theory . 
  this stuff reminds me a lot of arguments in religious apologetics . 
  i 've heard the fine-tuned universe argument , which atheists usually reply to with the `` if it was n't , we would n't be here '' argument . 
  i thought that was a pretty solid reply , but it seems like it is n't . 
  i still do n't fully understand why though ( not your fault , great explanation , i 'm just a little slow today :p ), 
   even if there are numerous sects within christianity today ( such as the copts and seventh-day adventists ) who abstain from pork and also practice circumcision but that is besides the point bof , i would n't call them numerous , they really are not representative of chrisitianity . 
  just like ahmadiyya muslims or nation of islam are not representative of most islam and are considered * kafir * by 95 + % of muslims . 
  besides , the copts are divided over this issue and realize full well that the bible [ approves of pork , they claim to be against pork eating for health reasons instead ] ( http://onislam.net/english/news/africa/418391 ) , probably due to influence from their islamic environment . 
  they are not trivial examples , in that they are laws that are * distinctly * levitical and jewish , and laws that people who are not familiar with christianity like to point out as examples of `` cherry-picking '' . 
  orthodox jews still follow these laws ( stoning is still theoretically permitted in judaism , though most currents of judaism are opposed to capital punishment today afaik ) because they are still bound to this covenant until the return of the messiah . 
  since christians consider jesus christ to be the messiah , they are now bound by a new covenant which is explained in the new testament . 
  pretty straightforward . 
  that is not to say there is zero overlap between ot and nt rules and values , certainly not . 
   in europe , people were being stoned and hanged to death for blasphemy well into the 17th century . 
  yes , but you realize this was not based on `` not respecting the old testament 's laws '' ? 
  it was based on that fact that in that period of history , defying the major political force ( the catholic church here ) would result in death and/or torture . 
  just like in any totalitarian regime you can think of . 
  * christian dogma concerning old testament laws did not change with the enlightenment , the political relationship between church and state did . 
  * christian dogma concerning the ot has remained the same for over 2000 years . 
  which is why i said , in my original comment , that secularism and laicite are what changed in europe in regards to religion , not reforms within the religion itself . 
  if the church regained the political clout and power it had back in the day nothing would change ( well maybe it would a little because the hierarchical structure would have to adapt to a democratic one , in order to remain relevant on the world stage ) from how it was back when they did have that power . 
  no , it really does have a lot to do with the new covenant overriding old testament laws . 
  a very simple proof for this is that during the entire history of christianity in europe , even in the periods where christianity was most deeply embedded into european political and social life ( i.e. 
  the middle ages ) and not secularized for one bit , there were no provisions against the eating of pork , no laws making circumcision mandatory , and certainly no restrictions against the wearing of mixed fabrics . 
  further proof for this becomes redundant at this point , but if you 're still unconvinced , you can read a text that is [ literally in the bible ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=galatians%201 ) where st. paul urges early christians communities in anatolia to stop following jewish laws as it is not binding christians anymore . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.catholic.com/magazine/articles/why-we-are-not-bound-by-everything-in-the-old-law ) is another explanation from a catholic website . 
  do you believe that old testament laws are what causes religious conflict ? 
  inquisitions like the one in spain or the one in languedoc had nothing to do with mosaic law . 
  religious wars like the thirty year war had nothing to do with it either , as neither protestants nor catholics disputed whether we should eat pork or wear mixed fabrics . 
  yeah it seems impossible to prove but i mean the scientists advancing this theory must have * something * to base the theory on, 
  aah ok i thought someone in greece actually wanted to sell the acropolis, 
  is this the greek john oliver ? 
  also could you post a short summary of his main points , 20 minutes is quite long, 
  poor hrvatska though serbia will beat them when we join the eu in this metric ... :(, 
  i remember watching particle fever and they talked about this , that there is an infinite number of universes in the big multiverse , each with slightly different `` physical constants '' , iirc . 
  i 'm not too well-versed in physics but it seems plausible to me that some of the fixed values our universe operates on could be tweaked and still allow for life to exist . 
  is there any evidence for this multiverse theory ? 
  yeah i do n't blame you , it 's not a huge mistake to make , it really does look like cherry-picking for the sake of cherry-picking to an outsider . 
  and even if you 're not religious it 's still good to know !, 
   maybe these people are so `` bad '' at being christians that they 're not even right in this explanation !, 
  very possible . 
  * quite * possible . 
  sweden does n't have a very strong christian demographic afaik , so some people who identify as christians in your country maybe do n't even go to church at all . 
   other universes woah really ? 
  how the fuck, 
  especially considering that the muslim population growth in belgium does n't show any signs of hitting the brakes, 
  while you are right that most christians in europe are `` bad '' christians , it 's not because of cherry-picking . 
  secularism and la\u00efcit\u00e9 are the reason why we are n't medieval europe anymore . 
  the bible is not structured like the qur ` an ( i.e. 
  the infallible word of god from beginning to end ) , instead it is a collection of various texts spanning an extremely large period of time that depict the relationship between god and humanity through myths/poems/laws / stories/accounts/etc . 
  a common misconception is that christians do n't follow the levitical ( jewish , or old testament ) laws ( stoning of adulterers , mixed fabrics , `` homosexuality is an abomination '' , no pork eating , circumcision , etc. ), 
  because they do n't feel like it . 
  this is pretty misleading , and illogical ( jesus christ himself stopped the stoning of the adulteress in one of the most famous stories of the new testament ) . 
  christians do n't follow these laws because they do not apply anymore since the christ died on the cross . 
  this is whole point of the new covenant and numerous texts have been written about the subject ( including a biblical text , see the epistle to the galatians ) , condemning those who try and make christians go back to those laws ( it 's categorized as a heresy , called [ judaizing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judaizers ) ), 
  depends on who you ask , and depends on what your criteria for eastern is . 
  educations can mean many things , if you 're talking about implementing much stronger assimilation practices i agree . 
  i see education being thrown around , like it 's some panacea for every ill of mankind . 
  you ca n't just handwave away the complex issues of identity and disloyalty in european immigrant communities like that . 
  telling people to go to school or just giving them more money wo n't make them less likely to identify with the kind of identity isis pushes , if that 's what is openly taught and socially acceptable in their insular communities . 
   a large number of european citizens who have traveled to be a part of isis are young and stupid . 
  those lucky enough to return [ ... ] i do n't know , i mean you are certainly right that a rich kid with a comfortable life has a low probability of going off to syria but i have an extremely hard time feeling sympathy for people who look at isis and say `` yes !, 
  this is what i want to be doing with my life ! '' . 
  whether they are 16 and kind of poor and stupid does n't excuse it at all . 
   i do n't know why people making such stupid comments like `` throw them in jail for life ! '', 
  putting all of them together in a prison for the rest of their lives is also a easy way of handwaving the serious problem of having an abnormally high number of traitors and wannabe war criminals among a specific demographic in your country . 
  it 's just as simplistic and populistic as `` expand welfare !, 
  '' , but tailored to conservative sensibilities . 
  this is why the american prison system does n't enrage as many people as it should . 
  i agree that putting all of them together for life is pretty much the worst idea ever . 
  i also think that thinking more language courses are the cure is incredibly naive ( not accusing you of thinking this but i 've seen someone argue this in real life ) . 
  in the end , i do not have a concrete solution to suggest either , just critique . 
   you have to re-educate these people . 
  how, 
  i think that 's what her logic was at the time haha, 
  reminds me of my mom telling me halloween was the feast of the devil and that we would never celebrate it she relented after i pleaded for a bit though maybe crimean kids should try whining, 
  probably not , but i guess that 's because politicians are an acceptable `` target '' for caricature and mockery ( as they should be ) in any democratic society . 
  regardless , giving this guy a prison sentence for singing a becarac song would be very stupid . 
  is the officer herself pressing charges or is this a criminal offense ? 
  that 's pretty much the opposite of how the roman catholic church operates though , so it 's pointless to hope for it . 
  this is the dumbest charge i 've heard of in my life lmao, 
  you do n't need every immigrant to be a fanatic extremist for problems to arise . 
  all you need is pockets of homogenous immigrant communities , possibly in economically disadvantaged positions , `` ghettos '' so to speak , and a few extremist `` leaders '' to push the community in a certain direction . 
  you think every german in the 1930s was a nazi ? 
  no , yet their tacit approval and indifference ( even meek disagreement ) to the nazi regime has been analyzed time and time again to prove how * you do n't need everyone to be an extremist to get a horrible result * . 
  we share heart borders my friend, 
  thank you very much for frango portugues best chicken of all time, 
  i 'd think `` extreme leftists '' , assuming you 're talking about communists and anarchists , realize that open borders will benefit the bourgeoisie in the current system , which is why they spend 90 % of the time talking about how to destroy capitalism and the state your run of the mill liberal progressive probably does n't realize , or maybe even care , as much, 
  east europe to west europe : brain drain , pretty sad `` the east '' to `` the west '' : smaller numbers of immigrants , pick the highly educated and give very careful attention to where immigrants are settled so as not to create ghettos is the way to go imo refugees : cohesive eu wide action , allow asylum applications in turkey/jordan/lebanon , eliminate the temporary intra-schengen border controls and raise frontex funding, 
  which is why i said hopefully and not thankfully :(, 
   half the time you ca n't tell whether he realizes he 's making a presidential speech and not having a couple of laughs with his buddies at the pub . 
  spot on observation , i 've been thinking this for a while now and it 's maddening, 
  orban reminds me of that uncle that likes to make dirty jokes and argue loudly about politics when he 's drunk, 
   he probably has some new latin proverb to quote . 
  why though ? 
  i 'm sure someone at least attempted to make a english version of something like fussell 's * class * , interesting book about america 's class system which is newer and less established than yours . 
  wow class divisions are strong in england , i thought this was just some dickens shit from the late 19th century do you know where can i read more about contemporary class divisions in england ? 
   even worse if you work in certain professional careers like banking . 
  maybe bankers should stop running fraudulent money-making schemes all the time and generally acting like thieving scum then, 
  definitely tactless i never understand why some eastern european ( or central in your case lmao ) diplomats and leaders instead of making themselves look like fools when they know the whole world is watching them .
