  like lavrov 's comment about women on their knees , wtf, 
  horrible manifestation of police brutality wtf is this hopefully these officers are brought to swift justice, 
  you can have organized barbarism . 
  organized senselessness and genocide , with all the bureaucratic trappings of a tax agency . 
  the ideology was senseless . 
  interestignly enough this is the entire point behind the [ memorial to the murdered jews of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memorial_to_the_murdered_jews_of_europe ) in berlin . 
   according to eisenman 's project text , the stelae are designed to produce an uneasy , confusing atmosphere , and the whole sculpture aims to represent a supposedly ordered system that has lost touch with human reason . 
   and being a woman , his recent remark didnt helped . 
  what did he say ? 
   erdo\u011fan has been known for his longtime aspiration for a presidential system in the country . 
  erdogan has been known for trying to set up ottoman empire 2 for a while now . 
  `` bosnia is entrusted to turkey '' and all that, 
  absolutely . 
  i think a fed eu can not possibly have a stable existence if we continue tip-toeing around questions of migration and identity like this , the introduction of a new common `` european '' identity will have to be , not to use the word force , more aggressively implemented so to speak , in the same way the `` white '' identity ( which the overwhelming majority of americans of european descent identify with ) was formed through pretty intense governmental/non-governmental actions and policies ( ranging from german language restriction in texas to urbanism policies in the midwest/iron belt , all with the goal of melting the german/irish/polish / english/scottish/french / etc. 
  immigrants into the white people we know today ) . 
  is this a good thing ? 
  certainly not for the various cultural practices which do make europe so diverse , some of which will * inevitably * have to be suppressed in order for the new european identity to successfully supplant it . 
  without this , you can expect solidarity within the union to be close to nil , and - exits will be happening left and right until the fed eu devolves into a trade union . 
  yes , but for a federalized europe to be be strong enough to counterbalance usa/russia/china / whomever , you 'd need to unite the 30 + major ethnic groups ( 80 + counting minority ethnicities ) and 51 independent states in europe , some of which have serious objections to uniting with each other due to shit like different values , historical rivalries , irredentism , and general xenophobia . 
  in a world where this has been achieved , and every europeans sees themselves as european before anything else , it 's not a stretch to imagine russia being eu-happy as well . 
  i 'm not saying it 's plausible in reality , i 'm just saying both options seem as far-fetched as each other to me . 
  what do you mean by personal prosperity is the same in all nations i do n't think it 's willful ignorance , rather the fact that humans are tribal as fuck and thus will prefer to be subjugated by foreign powers in their little divisive nationalisms rather than sovereign and free in a more united country, 
  i thought about including a sentence on that as well but yes to counter russian expansionism as well though i think in a world where a federalized europe is plausible , including russia could be a possibility, 
  personally , i am slowly warming up to the idea of a more united european union , but * only * on condition that it act as a fully sovereign counterbalance to american hegemony in the world . 
  sadly i think the diversity of europe is the biggest roadblock to this ever happening . 
  hmm interesting , were the past ones against the socialist party too ? 
  and is it always pro vs anti serb unionism in these protests ? 
  what i find interesting is that the opposition that is trying to depose djukanovic is the pro-serbian unionism party , and the fact that these protests are happening right after podgorica supported kosovo 's unesco bids/attacks on the albanian embassy . 
  apart from this , what is causing this discontentment with djukanovic ? 
  the nato bid ? 
  corruption ? 
  what is the df 's offical stance on serbian unionism ? 
  do they want like another referendum or something tamer ? 
  [ as a sidenote , this is really intense ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eg5p_ljzpc0 ), 
  this is pretty major , really wonder what 's going to come out of it bager revolucija 2 : crnogorska edicija ? 
  thanks !, 
  if only i could find a way to convince my putin-loving friends that the guardian and haaretz are legit journalistic sources and not `` western lies and propaganda '' ... 
  unless rt or sputnik talk about this their opinions are impossible to change lmao, 
  do you have a source on that russia offering to depose assad thing seems interesting, 
  well yeah obviously you can be a reactionary to different degrees , do you want to go back to this time or that time or that time , etc. 
  but as i said reactionary , the way it is used in political discussions today , means being a traditionalist conservative ( sometimes used to refer to capitalists as well by the far-left ) . 
  imagine how i feel about all the `` xd remove kebabs '' i get sometimes in reply to even the most serious of posts, 
  reactionary means `` very conservative/traditionalist '' when used by the left no point in arguing semantics, 
  this is so disgusting just the thought of so many people being involved in the kidnapping , sexual exploitation , human trafficking of children and young women ( and men ) makes me want to vomit . 
  i am opposed to the death penalty , but when i hear about the kind of scum that rules us it makes me want to hang every single one of these human septic tanks on a public place . 
  i do n't think he has a checking account with 70 billion in it lol , i 'm pretty sure most of it is in shares of inditex or something like that, 
   but to demand it in recess is retarded . 
  why ? 
  in quebec all children must speak french at all times , even during recess . 
  of course you do what you want at home but when you have school with children from 26 different countries ( e.g. 
  my elementary school ) , it 's very important to have a common language for everyone to use . 
  if we spoke , at * any * moment in the school day , in arabic/chinese/spanish / filipino/russian/romanian / etc. 
  or especially english , we would get a stern `` en francais s ` il-vous-plait ! '', 
  ( `` in french please '' ) from the person keeping an eye on us during recess . 
  it was literally written into school rules , not to mention into provincial law . 
  ( the loi 101 is one of the most important pieces of legislation in quebec 's history , and european countries with high influx of immigrants/refugees should all emulate it in my opinion ) thanks to this it is * extremely * rare to find language issues in quebec 's second-gen immigrant population , which diminishes tensions * so much * . 
  integration is greatly aided by more restrictive language laws . 
  personally i see nothing wrong with forcing immigrants to use the one common language of the country everywhere . 
  perhaps it 's because i live in quebec and we have very intense french language protection laws so i 'm used to it , but when i came here as a child , i went to a school with a 99 % immigrant population , and the moment anybody spoke in any language other than french we would be sternly verbally scolded . 
  thanks to this , every single kid was speaking french all the time by the time we got to high school . 
  this is one of the elements of quebec 's immigration policy that makes it such a peaceful place . 
  this is not a popular opinion among the serbian community , but i really do n't see many reasons to oppose kosovo 's accession to unesco . 
  i 've had very lively debates with friends and family about the subject and most people oppose it because : a ) they fear this would help kosovar albanians somehow claim that the serb heritage in kosovo is theirs ( which i do n't see happening tbh , anyone with a bit of knowledge in balkan history knows that the coastal cities of dalmatia and montenegro are venetian in origin , that the quaint `` mitteleuropean '' cities north of the danube are austrian in origin , ottoman bridges in bosnia etc so why would one think it 'll be different in kosovo , and besides it would serve no purpose as they already are independant so lying about who built the monasteries and churches would serve no `` nation building '' purpose to aid separation ) b ) out of spite and refusal to recognize kosovo 's independance . 
  listen , it happens that once we lived there and now we do n't . 
  territory changes in our region have happened so many times that it is pointless to fuss about this one . 
  i also think it is more beneficial for serbia to not have kosovo 's population be proportionally represented in our parliament than hold onto this province in which we have 0 sovereignity . 
  what i want is protection for both serb heritage and albanian heritage ( because i am not isis-like world heritage destroying scum ) and more stability/sovereignity for our southern neighbour , as well as mitigation of the bad blood between us . 
  this would help all of those things . 
  mr. corbett , your pro-european stance leads me to assume you believe in the idea of the `` ever closer union '' and in the federalisation of the eu . 
  what do you believe would be the most important benefits europe would gain from federalisation ? 
  thank you in advance . 
  well ... at least labour is unapologetically leftist now i think , and not just a party for rich liberal progressives, 
   as far as i 've gathered , there is a strong social pressure to be a good muslim and this is why they should n't be able to form their own zones , ghettos , whatever one wants to call it . 
   is it a white person 's responsibility to put white people in order ? 
  it * was * european christianity 's job to put european christianity in order with public , secular life , and european christians did . 
  come on man you get his point , most ( i 'd say 99 % ) of the problematic muslims in europe are sunni but him not mentioning that does n't invalidate anything . 
  just like when people criticize `` american christians '' , it 's still legitimate even though most of the ones people have a problem with are a specific subset of protestant christians . 
  and european states do n't have limited capacity for help ? 
  sweden does n't have a housing crisis ? 
  how many * can * come in your opinion ? 
  my analogy only referred to you saying `` there is * no * way that is n't arbitrary to class migrants into sick/healthy or able/not able categories '' which is not true, 
  completely arbitrary ? 
  wew a prime example of a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuum_fallacy what is a good and ethical way of deciding who should receive our help , if not ranking people in order of urgency/need ? 
  ers do it , are ers evil and unethical ? 
  i mean you may not agree with the concept but it 's not exactly impossible to qualify people are able/not able , sick/not sick , etc. 
  militaries do it all the time, 
  lmao why does our pm look like a moist noodle why, 
  well horrid colombian accents then what i meant is it 's terribly obvious that the actors are n't native speakers, 
  this is literally the best thing to come out of the whole debacle some people now know serbia is not siberia !, 
  and cnn does n't publish only what its owners want to ? 
  besides you 're making it sound as if 95 % of rt content is false lmao it may be state media but calm down, 
  egregiously bad spanish accents though, 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  well if nothing else , many countries still have backwards attitudes to women as a cultural element , rather than have discriminatory practices written into law . 
  i 'm talking about certain balkans countries specifically which i know from experience see women as second-class , example : my montenegrin great-aunt was overjoyed when i was born because she finally had a male descendant she could write into her will and pass on the belongings/estate to . 
  it 's not illegal what she did , but it 's not exactly a feminist utopia now is it . 
  ca n't really go more into detail now but you get the gist . 
  just a question to you , out of curiosity , it 's slightly off-topic but i like asking it : you say feminism has a long way to go before the patriarchy is deconstructed and gender roles no longer oppress us , does that mean the endgame of feminism is the end of gender roles ? 
  by extension , is the end of gender roles the end of gender ? 
  as a disclaimer i generally consider myself a feminist though i disagree with many feminisms ( which i assume most feminists do as well ) .
