  aah i knew my comment was n't clear enough : / first off , this was a usa centric comment , so i was thinking in terms of black americans and white americans . 
  second , as i said `` you do n't have to believe in an essentialist view of race to recognize that it exists and has real-life implications . '', 
  black people are significantly disadvantaged compared to white people , due to social differences , economic differences , historical disadvantages as well as the cherry on top being still existing racial prejudice . 
  this is what i mean by `` race '' `` exists '' , notice the quote marks . 
  which is why no one i 've ever heard of has a problem with using the word race unironically , because it does exist . 
  thank you so much for making this point how exactly do you identify politically , out of curiosity ? 
  i agree with pretty much all you said but idk how it 's called and how it 's leftist in particular . 
  non-interventionism ? 
  this is how immigration should work . 
  why not ? 
  you do n't have to believe in an essentialist view of race to recognize that it exists and has real-life implications . 
  simply ignoring the fact that `` races '' `` exist '' ( in the sense that black people and white people are not the same and that there a lot of power dynamics between them . ), 
  wo n't make it go away . 
  `` colorblindness '' is pretty much on its way out as a way of approaching race issues . 
  this has been a usa centric comment, 
  african-american = / = us citizen that immigrated from africa though, 
   what about the massive influx of immigrants from the indian subcontinent that came to britain during the period of the raj and afterward . 
  british desis are not exactly the best example to use , especially when some of them ( mostly muslim pakistanis afaik ) are one of the most controversial immigrant populations in the west . 
  i am embarassingly unfamiliar with the history of chinese immigration to the usa/canada , so i have to defer to your knowledge of the topic . 
  i would n't discount their religious background/lack thereof from being a major element in their greater success at integrating into american society . 
  problem is , it is an issue . 
  and it 's not the first time large-scale ( i often repeat this point , but yugoslavia tried really damn hard , harder than it 's even conceivable in the west today , to assimilate/integrate all southern slavic populations and squash ethnic tensions for * 60 years * . 
  we all know how beautifully that ended . ), 
   although the way things are going now , i ca n't say i 'm holding out a huge amount of hope . 
  me neither . 
  i 'd bet on it escalating into a civil war at some point , probably after our lifetimes . 
  there is no reason for humans to stop acting in a tribal manner over the next few generations , when we 've been like this since we 've existed . 
  i ca n't see it happening . 
  it 's not like it 's not been tried , and the way the west is dealing with immigrants is never going to lead to assimilation . 
  crazy idea but hear me out ever think about not letting so many immigrants in in the first place ? 
   hope this islamism thing stops . 
  not to dampen your view of the future but it 's extremely unlikely it 'll just stop . 
  like which ? 
  which example can you give me , of two completely different cultures ( secular/christian-influenced post-revolution france and quite religious/muslim-influenced mena and sub-saharan africa ) , in similar very large numbers/proportions that current france has , where the immigrants have peacefully been assimilated into the host country 's people ? 
  honest question, 
  as if catholics are a potent sociopolitical in france anymore ... they 're much much much much less relevant than islam when it comes to your citizens ' views and faiths . 
  oh yeah i know i was under the impression that you thought right-wing was an insult . 
  the keyword here is 4th generation . 
  the idea that the great-grandchildren of these immigrants will be 100 % assimilated is obviously a falsity , when you look at news like op 's link . 
  the great-grandparents of today 's terrorists were pretty secular and nice too you know . 
  tbh ttip is deserving of more than two minutes of hate . 
  it 's just as much of a threat , probably a lot more , than the immigration issue ( which is extremely serious as well ), 
  right wing is n't an insult, 
  the way humans work we 're going to have to wait for something very , very serious to happen because of this , and affect a large enough number of people for it to even have a chance to change significantly . 
  same . 
  i know muslims who are very unpious and still do ramadan and ask if something has pork in it . 
  it 's like going to church on christmas or easter for them i guess . 
   the first generation of immigrants is always the most miserable and are the ones that piss everyone off because they refuse to change and segregate themselves , their kids are kind of stuck in the middle of both cultures and can adapt . 
  once you get to the 3rd generation most are 100 % assimilated but it 's a long and frustrating process for everyone . 
  that 's not very true . 
  the first generation is often the one that is most willing to become good , loyal citizens . 
  the second generation , especially when it comes to muslim immigrants , is showing to be one of the most at risk segments of the population for radicalization , refusal to participate and `` become '' french/german/british / etc. 
  one small example , both the charlie hebdo shooters were born and bred in france . 
   the only real options at this point are to kick everyone out or just accept that everyone is going to be pissed for the next 30-60 years . 
  yugoslavia lasted 60 years and we had a pretty authoritarian government that sent anyone exhibiting nationalist tendencies to prison , national pride songs were banned/taboo , all nationalist movements in the past were demonized , populations were forcibly mixed around and shaken up in order to promote a common identity and we still destroyed each other because of ethnic tensions . 
  even if eu countries are ready to get as totalitarian as yugoslavia was when it comes to assimilation they 'll never succeed . 
  `` integration '' is * so * much more complicated and difficult than western gov ` ts and politicans make it seem , and the successful ones often are synonymous with genocide . 
  simple answer , it 's impossible to integrate ( i prefer saying assimilate because that 's the goal ) properly without resorting to orwellian measures . 
  especially not when they 're coming to europe in these numbers . 
  well , that 's a relief !, 
  the news about that village just shocked me , i mean i 'm sure you agree that just dumping 4 times as many refugees as residents in some village is ridiculous . 
   i think you wo n't get the germans to make more babys that easily . 
  our government is trying for decades . 
  but a few financial benefits just do n't get germans to reproduce . 
  i never said it will be easy , but it 's either that or germans as a nation , an ethnic group , could very well disappear . 
  some people do n't care about that but i do n't think that 's a very nice idea of the future . 
  plenty of countries that are poor as dirt have very high birthrates , and family economics like this are pretty much all regulated by social norms . 
  one of the biggest benefits of religiosity in europe has always been that it keeps birthrates high , or at least high enough for us not to die out . 
  nowadays it 's obviously not an option anymore , as pretty much all of europe has been either formally or informally secularized and i have a hard time imagining europe becoming a devout christian continent again . 
  these developments , along with the advent of feminism ( a much needed set of reforms btw ) have essentially nuked europe 's birthrates and are what prompted the whole immigration movement in the first place . 
  if europe is to be sustainable , there needs to be a lot of change regarding cultural attitudes towards motherhood , children , as well as large labour reforms . 
  and do n't worry man you did n't hurt my feelings lol it was just something i had on my mind . 
  well those are issues inherent in capitalism , but i do n't think they have anything to do with the kind of colonialism you were talking about earlier . 
   germany did rather bad in the past , as we kind of just thought `` things will work out , if we just let them '' . 
  we actually have to put some efforts into integrating people . 
  politically , i completely understand the whole laissez-faire * multikulti * policies you guys instated post-war , but as you said yourself there * needs * be effort from the host country 's part ( as well as will from the would-be immigrants ) to entirely assimilate into germany and `` germandom '' so to speak . 
  for germany to start assimilating turks who came to reconstruct right after the war was over would have been unthinkable . 
  however , i think it 's time for you guys to move on from the fact that your ancestors were genocidal maniacs ( just like , surprise , every single person on earth most probably ) and institute more policies about assimilation for the current and future immigrants ( first , second , and third generation ) . 
   of course we shall not have `` muslim '' and `` non-muslim '' cities or districts . 
  careful , do n't speak too fast . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/asylum-seekers-outnumber-locals-in-german-village-a-844818.html ) , and realize that it 's far from an impossibility . 
   we have some parts of bigger cities , where migrants are the majority already . 
  this however is mostly due to socioeconomical reasons , as most germans can affort higher rents . 
  that is literally how ghettos and majority cities/cantons/regions are formed . 
  not all ghettos/cities full of minorities are formed by forcibly settling them there , that 's pretty much an oddity . 
  american ghettos and inner cities were all formed through redlining , white flight , low/high rents and property values ( ie socioeconomic factors ) . 
  i also agree that refugees should be given ** temporary ** stay , but the whole situation needs to be dealt with better . 
  the best conclusion here would be for modern imperial powers to stop destroying foreign countries and distribute some birth control in places with birthrates like 7.0 , and for you guys to * seriously * consider doing something concrete about your ridiculous birthrates . 
  europe arrived to its current stability and prosperity through the homogeneous democratic/semi-democratic nation-states that are all over the continent , and it 'd be stupid to throw it all away . 
   thus said , we still profit to a big extend from our current endeavors in africa , due to ressources we get , and goods we sell them . 
  i know , i just highly dislike the indiscriminate painting of everyone with pale skin and european features as `` le evil colonialist give reparations '' . 
  fuck you want me to repair with ? 
  my country has a lower gdp than fucking ghana lol . 
  it 's just really ignorant . 
  one time someone jokingly called me a cracker and i thought wtf i have literally nothing to do with the usa and slave-owners , my ancestors probably only saw black people on pictures and you use that word ? 
  it was just really curious to me . 
  it 's like the idiots calling sikhs with turbans terrorists . 
  do you really need to feel guilty about your country trading with africa ? 
  i mean cameroon and namibia may possibly deserve reparations from you guys but trade = / = violent colonial exploitation . 
   maybe it speaks to my privilege that i can read their killing of actual people and just be sad , but when they blew up the ruins , i saw red .
