  obviously there are a lot of caveats ( a lot relating to epigenetics ) when talking about this topic but the myth of the * tabula rasa * human is just that . 
  http://news.sciencemag.org/biology/2014/10/genes-dont-just-influence-your-iq-they-determine-how-well-you-do-school http://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/traits/intelligence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heritability_of_iq http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xp14wz_hjernevask-brainwashing-in-norway-english-part-7-nature-vs-nurture_news, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the case . 
  actually i hope that 's the case , but i have a hard time thinking people will long for the good old days of the maersk container ship , 
  oh true , i get mixed up sometimes because president is weaker in many countries ( like serbia or germany ), 
  our languages are even closer though : serbian and croatian are so close that you can call them [ serbo-croatian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian ) for all intents and purposes , or even bosnian-croatian-montenegrin-serbian . 
  they 're more like british and american and australian english . 
  slovene on the other hand is definitely a distinct language . 
  bosnian is just serbian/croatian with an accent and a few religious terms from islam . 
  montenegrin is basically serbian with an accent . 
  yeah but they 're ugly :p something about old brigs passing through old european ports is just more romantic to me, 
  true but i was mostly thinking of those big ass cargo ships , the wooden ones you see a few times in the gif i 'm pretty sure there 's some historical record of the london thamesport or the venetian port with number of ships passing through, 
  ahh yes so historical serious rivalry that has boiled down to friendly teasing , kind of like our situation down here ( though the violence is n't as historical as yours ), 
  and where did i say anything about iq indicating increased aptitude ? 
  i just said that it being down to culture ( or food or genetics or weather on the day of the test ) is irrelevant to the fact that ashkenazi jews have very high average iq . 
  you all are reading into this too much, 
  why do danes and swedes dislike each other ? 
  not talking about this debate in particular but it comes up often as a meme , danish-swedish rivalry , and these big political/mentality difference you see in regards to immigration in each country seem to confirm it . 
  crazy when you think that many of the `` old ports '' in europe had similar water traffic in their heyday . 
  filled with exotic cargo from far-away lands you 'd , at best , read about in the newspaper or some book . 
  which changes literally nothing to the reality of ashkenazi jews having very high average iq, 
  it 's maddening when perfectly good words become stupid , hollow buzzwords to fling at your opponents, 
  lol exactly , i do n't think anyone in serbia would support removing words like \u010dar\u0161af ( though it means bed sheets in serbian lol ) or dugme or pekmez , even the most ardent anti-muslim segments of society . 
  croatia 's govt did the same thing in the 90s , inventing words to distance themselves from serbian ( only example i can think of is zrakomlat instead of helikopter lol ), 
  lol imagine the headlines `` french president hollande declares icbm and nuclear strikes against isis territory '', 
   populist why is this word always being used to discredit everything that 's even slightly right of the current political discourse , especially when merkel is the most powerful populist in europe . 
  do people actually believe centrist and leftist populism does n't exist ? 
  yeah , when i watch something in turkish i always get surprised at the similarities , but i can never know which language came first ( except for some words that are obviously turkish , like the ones that end in - luk for example ) also yeah i 'm surprised i have n't heard of any movement to remove kebab from our language , i guess we consider it ours fully now :p, 
  you 're right , but if every young man ( and woman ) in germany thinks like that , no one will try and fight and it 'll be a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i guess this is why propaganda is so important in times of war , people can get demoralized crazy fast and it quickly becomes a matter of survival to lie to your people about how close we are to victory , we just need * your * help !, 
  at one point , it seemed like the germans had already won wwii , having all of continental europe ( expect for small pockets in yugoslavia ) under its heel , but the british , americans , yugoslavs , french resistance and russians just kept marching on , and they eventually won . 
  i bet the outcome of the war would 've been very different had the allies resigned themselves to failure . 
  really ? 
  there 's no scenario in which you could imagine yourself defending germany/europe/the world from an actually evil force ? 
  hypothetically if isis bought sweden and invaded germany is there no way you could imagine yourself taking up arms against them ? 
  how do wars end , if not with one side overpowering the other ? 
  i guarantee you isis is n't going to sign a treaty in belgium somewhere, 
  this addresses egregious poverty and america but i think the concept translates pretty well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
  the specific group of people who do go to germany do it because their culture is quite anti-work and they do n't get any welfare here , while germany gives some monies to every asylum seeker , whether they 're accepted or not . 
  it 's not a new thing , they 've been doing it since way back . 
  guess who i 'm talking about, 
  intermarium when, 
  eh at most she warrants being `` heavily disapproved of '' not hated, 
  same thing in belgrade . 
  the only good-looking parts of belgrade are the ones that are old ( and even then , some of the prettiest parts are unrestored and generally not taken care of as they should be ) . 
  i mean compare [ this ] ( http://www.bascoagency.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/zemun-kasno-popodne.jpg ) to [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/18256288.jpg ) . 
  the same thing applies to every european city tbh , i really wish that a new architectural movement spreads and that we start building structures that will make our descendants proud , and not some stupid homogenous modern glass skyscrapers . 
  i hate commieblocks and glass skyscrapers with a burning passion . 
  what do you mean by that dude, 
  man you guys have influenced our languages so much it 's crazy . 
  in serbian sometimes you say `` ej vala '' at the beginning of a sentence as an interjection/amplifier of your sentence . 
  [ check out this song about all turkish words we use in serbian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eruxu1n2hbg ) do you guys use any slavic words ? 
  everyday macaron , baguette , not good ? 
  i do n't understand their standards tbh, 
  this is a very good , succinct way of describing the problem . 
  you ca n't expect refugee treatment * and * economic migrant treatment at the same time . 
  horror was a little hyperbolic , it 's mostly a question of the rift between natives and immigrants widening with each subsequent generation , in questions of economic disparities , creation of ghettos , allegiances , etc. 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/twice-many-british-muslims-fighting-isis-armed-forces-265865 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10233993/immigration-we-must-break-down-the-barriers-of-britains-ghettos.html here 's a news report on what i 'm talking about , but it 's a german example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm, 
  and this is why you do n't hear the same immigration horror stories from austria that you hear from say the uk or france . 
  you could always go and read through my comment history if you want to know my views . 
  i do n't think responding to someone who makes dumb blanket statements like `` euros are privileged bro all of em '', 
  quite complex atm , the country is firmly divided : on one hand a lot of serbia resents the west for how it portrayed us during the wars and how they supported kosovo , and many feel closer to russia due to religion and history and general `` mentality '' so to speak . 
  on the other hand people vote for the most pro-eu pm possible , and generally see it as the only way out of the misery we 've been in for the last 20 years . 
  we still maintain good relations with russia , while flirting with the eu and usa more and more . 
  i predict our relations with russia getting colder in the near future . 
  obviously , i 'm not denying that there 's an irrational component to it , but even then wages would start going if it were not for a constant influx of new workers , and the issues associated with assimilating immigrants , especially muslim immigrants , to europe are undeniable at this point . 
  why so silent i was enjoying this chat, 
   my argument is that it 's better these people get some chance at living a normal life where they have jobs and their kids can be educated so that they do n't decide to join a terrorist group and end up dead in a brutal civil war or homicidal attack . 
  incontestable point  these people are going to be less angry when they know that they are in a safe place , and they would be sent all over the eu so as not to allow the formation of ghettos . 
  they * should * be sent all over the eu , but a lot of them have unrealistic expectations of europe , and do n't simply seek a safe place . 
  all of the countries that they cross on their way to germany are very safe and most would offer them asylum if they applied , but they do n't because they have the very specific goal of a few countries in mind when they step onto european soil for the first time . 
  it 's not unheard of for settled refugees to be quite mad because they did n't get settled in the exact place that they had in mind coming to europe ( e.g. 
  refugees settled in poland escaping and fleeing to germany , refugees refusing to step down from bus that transported them to northern sweden , etc. ), 
  yes how old were you, 
  idk lad i was 3 years old other option was australia but my mom is scared of bugs and wild animals, 
  it 's not that i dislike # 000000 but it 's not as easy to make clothes that black , and it makes a fit look much more interesting when you pair different blacks and grays together . 
  anthracite , black olive , really deep navies , etc. 
  some of my favorite colours serbia was not directly affected by the war so we were n't refugees in any sense of the term , we were economic migrants ( lol ) , my immediate family left for canada in 2000 after a strenuous application process . 
  how about you lgbtlibrarian are you actually a gay librarian or is it a quirky xd reddit name, 
   rest assured , there are thousands and thousands of people in refugee camps also applying for asylum so it 's easier to trek from lebanon or turkey to germany than to apply for asylum to germany in lebanon or turkey . 
  damn pretty fucked up . 
  maybe europe should start pressuring turkey to treat the refugees at least better than how it seems they 're treating them now ? 
  how bad does turkey want into eu ? 
   why would we want to gather a bunch of displaced , dissatisfied , angry people and place them smack-bang in the middle of the most volatile region on earth ? 
  i kind of get what you 're saying but this is absolutely not a good argument for letting more refugees in . 
  why would europe want a bunch of displaced dissatisfied and angry people either ? 
  we * could * tehcnically build a hungary style wall around the southern schengen border if we decided to , unlike lebanon or jordan or turkey , who quite literally have no choice . 
  i 've been getting into coral pink a lot lately , but i generally say black when people ask me . 
  thing is there is a lot more than one type of black but i do n't bother talking to color plebs who expect me to give them a short answer like `` green !, 
  i like to think it 's the smugglers and family members in europe lying to them about how europe is this land of streets paved in gold . 
  read somewhere that a smuggler advertises paris as a place where perfume is sprayed in the air ( ! ) . 
  lot of the people are poor and quite a bit illiterate , add in desperation from war and losing everything and you 've got an uncomfortable stew going, 
  yeah it 's crazy difficult , and riddled with ethical questions . 
  refugee issues in general are a difficult topic , because they 're never really abstract , every decision directly affects the suffering of people . 
  germany is a bizarre beast , but it 's undeniable that france and the uk 's socialists/labour are losing their working class voter base to fn and ukip . 
  here 's zizek on it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr793y5jnrw&amp;app=desktop, 
   the irony is they want to save the refugees they claim are poor , destitute and war ravaged and are taking actions to ensure the only people they are getting are the ones that were more well off and could afford to pay smugglers 10k along with train tickets , and all kids of other expenses while the truly poor and unfortunate people are left to rot in jordan , turkey and lebanon . 
  fucking this i do n't think * this * is something you can blame on progressives , though a lot of problems with western european immigration can be blamed on that , this is probably just general eu incompetence . 
   would n't that be funny . 
  lol it would also be rioty though,
