   have wisdom of the falcon most important wisdom ... nebeski narod, 
  what do you mean, 
  certainly, 
   that ` economical ' refugees have no chance to stay in the country . 
  somehow i doubt this . 
   the people start their journey because there is not enough food in the refugee camps . 
  because there is no school for their children . 
  because there is no future perspective in their current situation . 
  the same can be said for , literally , * billions * of humans on earth . 
  if you sincerely think that accepting the few million it will take to make your entire welfare state and stable political system collapse will change anything to the long-term fate of the third world , you are mistaken . 
  personally , i think the eu should allow asylum seekers to apply at eu embassies in the countries where they are safely waiting right now , among other things . 
  this is the number one thing the eu should do , in order to prevent drownings . 
   to prove wrong the fear-mongerers . 
  listen , i get that you have a very idealistic view of this , but this is n't how it works . 
  if you ever insitituted `` sweden mode '' in any central/eastern european country , you 'd get riots instantly . 
   rusu what ethnic group uses this surname ? 
  i hate islamists . 
  it will also affect 13 year olds , and 10 year olds , and 8 year olds , as well as 5 year olds btw, 
  i know man , if only all of former yugoslavia understood this and acted accordingly , we 'd be such a great place in today 's europe . 
  one day ... 
  np , here 's a huff post article with a few embedded interviews/portraits http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/humans-of-new-york-refugees_560a3d15e4b0dd8503090c35, 
  i realize it 's not mainstream journalism , and i would n't call it unbiased , but the humans of new york photographer went to europe recently and interviewed a lot of people ( migrants and people who came to help them ) . 
  the level of detail is not too bad . 
  props to ms. khan for that title , * prime * clickbait . 
  a shining example for today 's internet journalism . 
  i do n't know enough about islam to say this with complete confidence , but from what i 've come to understand over the years , mainstream islam 's ( and therefore muhammad 's ) values and conception of humanity are certainly not the same as contemporary british ( that is , western ) ones . 
  i can simply ask any muslim i know and they will confirm this . 
  maybe i 'm wrong but this article just seems biased to me , and more concerned with spreading the word about islam than offering solutions to the problems of islam in the uk and the rest of the west . 
  the facts are true but yeah tensions between croatia and serbia are not even near arms race or war levels serbian and croatian nationalists seem to be hyped for the idea of another war though, 
  slovene coast is more than enough tbh great little spot, 
  i did n't accuse you of anything either  you are right though , this is how people like this woman think about these issues . 
  `` punching up '' and the like, 
  maybe basing antiracist ideology on an analogy about the folding properties of toilet paper is not the best idea then, 
   \u00b9 although i 'd also like the uk to expand voting to 16 year olds ... why ? 
  yeah but in practice dude, 
  how could i have forgotten , the vicious czech and irish empires , not to mention the horrible swedish one !, 
  ( ok swedes did have an empire at one point but it was small and it does n't excuse their irresponsible immigration policies . ), 
  lmao how come sweden 's policies are quite a bit different from france 's then ? 
  or any other republican country in europe ? 
  sweden is an exception to the rule . 
   while the united states ' core objective remains weakening islamic state . 
  the usa has long wanted assad gone from syria . 
  they may have tacitly accepted that he will continue ruling and will continue being a strong ally to russia but this does n't mean the core objective of the usa remains ( as if it 's always been ) weakening is . 
  it 's like `` balkans '' , an ever receding boundary and always further over there , but never where you are . 
  speaking of powerful passports , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_passport, 
  yep , too much meat consumption , smoking , rakija , etc. 
  is what is most contributing to our deplorable health score . 
  the top three causes of death in serbia are related to coronary/cardiovascular diseases . 
  every single person in my family ( that i know of ) that did n't die of senescence/war died of a cardiovascular disease , which are very preventable . 
  the allure of the kafana lifestyle contributes way too much to death over here . 
   such mix of east and west the ultimate balkan meme, 
  wow serbia should be ashamed smoking is a huge factor in our health-risk score , hopefully eu-conforming tobacco regulations get implemented soon enough, 
  looks like the ethnic distribution of serbia if you turn your computer screen sideways, 
  they are , pretty much . 
  fino = good americans in general tend to overreact as you say, 
   this is persepolis happening in my country fuck , really puts it into perspective . 
  i hope you turn out to be wrong , but good luck for the future anyway . 
  humanitarian superpower, 
  well your suggestion is n't that good , because `` marxism '' is even less precise than `` socialism '' . 
  when i 'm talking to someone who does n't understand politics very well , yes i might use fascism to mean `` really authoritarian '' and socialism to mean `` expansion of the welfare state '' , but when i 'm talking to someone in a more formal context of political debate , one in which each party is expected to know the objective , scientific definitions ( which do exist ) of fascism/socialism/communism / etc. , i do n't see why we should abandon a more rigorous register for the simplistic vocabulary of political parties . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , you 're absolutely right . 
  the `` socialist '' parties of europe have had policies that ranged from right-wing nationalist irredentism to left-wing democratic socialism . 
  in a poli sci context , socialism most definitely has an objective meaning ( worker ownership of the means of production ), 
   this would lead to a dramatic increase in the number of refugees in the direction of western europe via the balkan route , said an officer of the coast guard to the dpa . 
  so be it . 
  if this is what it takes for the eu to take a firmer stance and start acting , then we might as well save as many lives as possible at the same time . 
  ethical accelerationism . 
  well , to be fair it is really fucking huge also their culture is so amazingly diverse !, 
  you have your boston style pizza , ny style pizza , chicago style pizza , the list goes on, 
   texas is roughly twice germany 's area what the usa is enormous, 
  * clearly * the superior way of spelling any language, 
  wow this is ridiculous thanks for sharing, 
  ... so \u0141\u00f3d\u017a is pronounced [ wudz ] ? 
  i guess montenegro should change its name to monteafrican-american so as not to offend any visiting american . 
  you can rest easy now that i 've clarified what i meant by it, 
  meme = an element of a culture or system of behavior that may be considered to be passed from one individual to another by nongenetic means , especially imitation . 
  not necessarily untrue, 
  maybe it 's true i do n't know the man and his actions that well , all i 'm saying is that the right-wing likes to blame soros for many things & people that admire putin religiously also like to blame soros for a lot of things . 
   they could n't care less . 
  yeah i do n't think germans * could n't care less * about changing their image post wwii , especially considering the decades of denazification they underwent ( and are still undergoing ) . 
  soros-scapegoating is a widespread right-wing meme devout putin fans also dislike him a lot because rt says so, 
  silly me to assume otherwise, 
  did serbia do anything about it ? 
  stricter laws , more enforcement , etc ? 
  i guess if the only way to make serbia adopt those reforms is to force our politicians to be pro-eu , then so be it, 
  lmao you could 've dug up an even older post it 'd have been funnier, 
  it 'd be nice if you could find a source that is n't * buzzfeed * . 
  obviously , but my hope is that industry in serbia gets at least a * little * boost , thereby diminishing the amount of people leaving at least a bit . 
  ... please point me to which msm sources you know of that routinely criticize and denounce us foreign policy , the state , the media , and capitalism in general . 
  i do n't know honestly . 
  i think the only logical step for serbia to at least attempt to stop hemorrhaging its youth and talent and attempt to get unemployment ( half of the youth is unemployed ... ) and corruption under control is to join the eu . 
  i could fantasize about a third yugoslavia but that 's a pipe dream, 
  is the way the red-haired woman pronounces her r 's standard for that accent or an idiosyncrasy ? 
  yep , pretty terrible . 
  * massive * brain drain , every bit of talent is fleeing the country as fast as they possibly can , ~ 25 % of the country 's population is below the poverty line ( and most of that poverty is concentrated in the roma community ) , and our birthrate is terribly low as well . 
  in its current state serbia is doomed to either extinction or perpetual poverty . 
  what an accent !, 
  do all welsh people speak like this ? 
  so we could be a large-scale sims game , where the sims are conscious ? 
  wow .
