  nothing will ever make me believe that biologically pure races can be shown to exist today . ... national pride has no need of the delirium of race . '', 
  - mussolini ( not defending him just showing how nationalism and racism are not one and the same ), 
  yeah obviously but i feel like the baltics ( and lithuania in particular ) are significantly angrier at russia than say belarus or any warsaw pact country . 
  is it the ethnic divide ( or something else ) or the way they were treated during annexation is what i was asking . 
  lmao you actually called a croatian a westerner, 
  exactly , personally i do not give many fucks about keeping kosovo ( if we kept kosovo , we 'd have to let them be proportionally represented in our parliament ... ) as much as i do care about a ) safeguarding the cultural heritage of serbia that is located in kosovo , [ namely our monasteries and churches that some angry kosovars like to burn and destroy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_serbian_orthodox_monasteries#kosovo ) and b ) not having a corrupt , failed state , drug traffic hub and us military colony on our southern border . 
  if those conditions are met serbia , and hopefully most level-headed serbs , would probably recognize kosovo 's independence . 
  until then , http://www.politico.eu/article/kosovo-hashim-thaci-un-special-court-tribunal-organ-trafficking-kla-serbia-milosevic-serbia-ramush/, 
  fantastic i like how at the end of the `` russian agressor '' video they literally admit that they 're financed by the kremlin , no attempt at astroturfing lmao, 
   so you know people that think it 's okay to kill people because of drawings ? 
  that 's unique . 
  does n't exist in france if they do in canada . 
  obviously plenty of muslims do not hold such opinions , but it 's becoming more and more ridiculous to deny the * obvious * differences between how many people who identify as muslim think versus people who identify as christian , agnostic , atheist , `` spiritual but not religious '' , etc. 
  many muslims i know realize this problem , the problem of the minority of muslim extremists ( as extremism is defined in the west ) being way too large to be brushed off as `` loud minority man they 're just the crazy part '' . 
   defining what a european is semi-arbitrary and would change depending on what stage of history you are in i definitely agree . 
  just to remind ourselves , i was simply saying the ottoman empire was , at the time of its balkan conquests , a more foreign force than the hapsburgs were when they invaded the balkans . 
  islam simply does n't have a history that 's too positive in europe , and it 's been that way for a long time . 
  i 'm not defining them as purely invaders , there is a relatively positive history of islamic progress and cultural centers in spain for a bit of time , and a lot less rosier picture of them in the part of the world i 'm from . 
  christianity is different , while it had its negative aspects , it 's much more closely tied to the development of europe , in pretty much all spheres of society ( artistic , political , cultural , scientific , etc. ), 
  the roman catholic church was only middle-eastern in its origins , to deny the fact that it was a pretty much exclusively european religious institution before the discovery of the new world is disingenuous . 
  up until the 19th ? 
  damn that 's pretty late . 
  i assume it was quite different fro what it look like when queen isabella started it at that point ? 
  and the balkan uprisings happened 500 years after the turks first set foot on our soil, 
  the common thread of european culture was christianity for the better part of the past milennium yes , i do n't think that is a controversial statement to make . 
  jews had big problems with integration in europe for a very very long time ... 
  if i could i 'd ask my great-grandmother if jews are like all europeans and she 'll give you a good idea of how much they were marginalized not even that long ago, 
  well yeah i do tell them . 
  when i talk to muslims who tell me charlie hebdo or is can be justified i tell them that that 's a shitty opinion and i do n't make further efforts to keep them as friends , and governments should take more steps to keep that type of muslim from living in their country . 
  the muslims i am friends with are those that are either assimilated or at the very least very well integrated into our society . 
  they 're more foreign because their entire culture is and was more foreign . 
  even more considering that back in those days religion was * extremely * important when it comes to identities and politics . 
  the anatolian peninsula itself was part of the european/christian sphere at times and the islamic/eastern sphere at others . 
   the vast vast majority of muslims i know are very much peaceful . 
  they have the same number of agnostics and atheists as white europeans . 
  they have the same number of homophobes as `` native '' europeans and they have the same nupber of racists as '' native '' europeans . 
  your anecdote means nothing and the rest of this paragraph is simply not true . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't link now but there is plenty of data showing the differences in how muslims feel about infidels , interfaith marriage , friendship with homosexuals , etc. 
  i agree we should restrict extra-eu immigration to very small numbers of highly educated individuals only , and invest a whole lot more of time into completely assimilating the ones that are already here . 
  believe me it 'll be enough of a challenge that you wo n't want to accept more until you 've succeeded . 
  ch events must never happen again . 
  btw about 65 % of my friends are muslims , i 'm not a redneck who hates them damn ragheads i just have a different opinion on the subject . 
  where did i say that christianity was never spread by force the spanish inquisition was a reaction to invasions though not the same thing . 
  it was more of an overzealous defense than a conquest . 
  that 's why it 's called the reconquista and not conquista . 
  remove meatball, 
  if i had to choose between being ruled by austrians or ottomans , i 'd have chosen austrians every single time . 
  of course both are imperialist invaders and occupiers but one of them takes care of their constituency a little bit more . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to prove though there is no question about the ottomans being a foreign imperial force that invades and occupies . 
  the fact that they were here for 500 years does n't change shit . 
  they 're still as oppressive as they were on the first day . 
  thing is if you support letting in so many people who , i assure you , * do n't * have the same religious tolerance you do as a central value , well you can forget your peaceful secular society once they reach critical mass . 
  absolutely they were remember , coercion is n't necessarily `` convert or die '' , it can be `` convert or pay an additional tax , suffer from political disenfranchisemnt in the empire you 're forced to live under , have your children kidnapped and turned into soldiers , etc. '', 
  what kind of diplomatic action does mr. ashdown see as being a realistic alternative to supporting military intervention ? 
  forgive me if i am mistaken , but save for cutting of diplomatic ties and dropping a metric ton of sanctions on saudi arabia and other supporters of radical islam ( which i do n't see happening ) , what else is there to do ? 
  partition the country ? 
  arrange peace talks ? 
  irt your last paragraph , check this out http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything-except-the-outgroup/, 
  how does montenegrin masturbate ? 
  dig hole , stick dick in and pray for an earthquake, 
  i 'm just reporting what my putin fanboy friends say about russia . 
  `` russia will destroy west '' , `` morally corrupt west is ruled by soros and his gang '' , typical rt/sputnik talking points , etc. 
  a recent laugh out loud argument my friend made was `` russia + india + china + serbia can destroy nato , nato will never do anything to powerful russia '' that 's his idea of a plausible russian defensive military alliance in a nato assault for fucks sake lmao many people live in an alternate reality , and as much as i respect looking at different points of view , consuming state media without moderation or critical thinking gives you that . 
  nice word syzygy btw !, 
   this conversation is about 5 centuries out of date . 
  i meant it in a cheeky way lol greece is the only state i know of where byzantine flags are still flown more or less commonly , so if * any * country can consider themselves a spiritual successor to the byzantines it would be greeks . 
  yeah but `` eastern europe '' , `` western europe '' , `` balkans '' , these are just as much political and social constructs as they are geographical designations . 
  [ relevant zizek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  russia often internally views itself as the antithesis to the west , and acts like it on the international stage . 
  heirs to the byzantine empire would be greeks . 
  expulsion and killing post wwii kind of like the danube swabians who were kicked out post wwii in our region too, 
  religion is at the core of ethnic divisions in the balkans . 
  serbs and croats are bywords for orthodox and catholics in many cases . 
  yeah , but in a western european context it 's clear his comment was going to fit more with the indignant muslims that shoot up places they do n't agree with rather than grumpy catholic priests . 
  should they though ? 
  plenty of empires have existed throughout history and it 's not like the right of conquest has never been recognized as legitimate . 
  you risk getting into a very deep rabbit hole if you start asking every country that `` represents '' a former empire to give reparations . 
  cases can be made , i admit , for certain countries but certainly not all of them . 
  besides even if netherlands accepted everyone who wanted to come to their country indiscriminately , they could n't even help a fraction of a percent of the world 's poor and they 'd wreck their society , which they 've built into wealth and stability through many years of strife . 
  ergo they must adopt reckless immigration practices ? 
  not following your logic here turks also had a huge empire that ruled over my country for 500 years and retarded its development a whole fucking lot compared to some of our neighbours , why do n't they give me reparations ? 
  , said cecil rhodes to the tribe of san bushmen whose houses he 'd just took possession of . 
   by exploiting the refugees family and society . 
  not as a general rule , no . 
  is there some kind of dutch neocolonial dominance in the middle-east ? 
  if there is it 'd be great to be done away with it , but if not then there is no obligation to repent for something by accepting refugees ( save for being a kind human ) . 
  just to be clear , i was explicitly talking about being * immigration * - skeptic , not anti-refugee . 
  it 's clear to me and anyone who thinks a bit that those are two distinct subjectsthat should n't be conflated . 
  i 'm pretty firmly against immigration to western europe in its current form , mainly due to the reasons you mention but other ones as well , however i do n't think any person who is a legitimate asylum seeker should n't be admitted , of course not . 
  dear me , is it really hjongoldrake expressing a immigration-skeptic view or am i just seeing sarcasm where there is none ? 
   there are even people attending `` not asking for pizza receipt '' events so as to help anyone who was evading taxes or using black market labor even more . 
  this is the dumbest `` protest '' move i 've heard of in a while . 
  it 's not leftist in nature it 's just idiotic and very shortsighted . 
   every american news media , not mention the actual u.s government , is saying putin is only helping isis by taking out their opponents . 
  well they 're not * technically * wrong are they ? 
  by killing off rebels of all kinds instead of just targeting isis , they are in a way relieving the load off of isis , albeit temporarily and only from certain groups ( those that are n't syrian army , western coalition and co. , and russian forces ) . 
  they are n't explicitly saying russia is supporting isis ( because they are n't , and propaganda works more by omitting info than outright fabrications a lot of the time ) , because isis is getting blasted by russia as well , just not exclusively isis . 
  lmao come and get it my kebab friend, 
  ok this hard btw it 's voil\u00e0 , 
  no pictures ?
