  syria 's current situation is caused by a variety of factors , but i would n't downplay the role of the usa and other war profiteering hawks in adding oil to the fire so to speak . 
  the us has been known to do even scummier things and it 's not impossible to imagine them being happy that a ba'athist does n't control the area anymore . 
  i think you 're highly underestimating how many people are coming to europe for the money and better opportunities and not fleeing war and famine ( once again , logical from them to seek this , but it 's not sustainable for europe 's welfare states to accept everyone who wants to come indiscriminately ) . 
  nobody said nothing about smartphones anyway , everyone knows smartphones are common in the third world . 
   i believe in the no-nationalism `` paradise '' . 
  i do n't believe it is possible , but that 's does n't mean i do n't `` see them as humans like me '' as you implied . 
  hypothetically , if you were president-king of the eu , how would you approach this situation ? 
  no they 're not , plenty of other countries where they can stop on the way but they are looking to get to the ones that will give them most money and where there 's already a sizeable community of their fellow muslim/countrymen where they 'll have a much easier time not assimilating ( which is a logical move on their part ) , and besides we 're already letting a lot of them in . 
  if you really want to nitpick , they 're dying because of wars in their countries caused by the imperialistic actions of the usa and its allied forces . 
  people are also going to die when tensions between the immigrant groups & their descendants and european natives get to the point where there is a high risk of the collapse of the welfare state , rise of actually dangerous dictatorships , ethnic tension driven civil war . 
  and that 's not even mentioning the tons of immigrants ( and their children , and children 's children ) who are already in europe ( and will continue coming to europe in droves , what with africa 's population rising tremendously [ in the close future ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21613349-end-century-almost-half-worlds-children-may-be-african-can-it ) ) for reasons that have nothing to do with fleeing war or famine . 
  but by all means continue saying that everyone who does n't believe in the viability of an internationalist paradise is reactionary scum ooh, 
  i think it was in jest i * hope * it was, 
  at least you know where you can go when shtf, 
   sucking up to the eu to take them in , and at the same time transporting immigrants right to our borders so they can cross illegally . 
  you 're right man , i wish our current administration was at least consistent ca n't really expect much from a grade-a opportunist like vucic unfortunately, 
  damn why are anarchists always so angry at people who do n't agree with them, 
  thats the joke man, 
   i 'd leave for a better country . 
  but you 'd leave ... good luck on getting kicked out from your own nation-state lads, 
  exactly . 
  the zenith of the consequences of the problem would be civil war , or even a world war , but what is the root , in your opinion ? 
  yeah you 're right on that point, 
  there are humane ways to build pressure on individuals in order for everyone involved to arrive to a solution . 
   faroe islands boy you guys are lucky to be geographically removed from this mess ... 
  just like / u/serviust said , unless you want to get into another scramble for africa , best leave the third world to manage themselves , and simply stop bombing countries to shit holy fuck eu governments really need to stop supporting the usa when it gets trigger happy, 
   3.2 land portions along the danube river  3.3 land strip at the croatia -- slovenia border ... no , not really terrae nullius, 
   fleeing from assad i think they 're fleeing from something else, 
  it 's pretty obvious that that 's not what he 's saying though, 
  skin color ? 
  who ever said anything about skin color ? 
  you 're right about no migrant group readily abandoning their customs . 
  that 's the biggest part of the problem . 
  the west will either choose between , i would n't say forcibly , but more intensely investing in the assimilation of migrant groups or have to deal with ethnic tension , civil conflicts , and possibly even war . 
  simple as that . 
  i know i highly debated even linking the post because of how ignorant that is but the pictures make up for it, 
  both serbs and bosniaks can be blamed ( as well as americans and nato war profiteers for adding oil to the fire and not preventing massacres that they knew would happen , and communists mixing up populations and exacerbating already existing tensions , and even ottomans to a certain extent for introducing their religion smack dab in the middle of christian europe back in the days ) for the conflicts . 
  what i meant to say was that the fact that you now have two populations in western europe , muslim immigrants/children of immigrants and secular/christian influenced europeans , between which tensions are rising dramatically . 
  now the `` blame '' does n't rest on one party , but the chances of something serious happening rises every single day . 
  alongside the radicalized 2nd gen immigrants joining isis and shooting up satirical journal 's offices because they insult the prophet , you have molotov cocktails being thrown at refugee centers and people screaming `` foreigners out '' in * germany * of all places . 
  where did i say anything to the contrary ? 
  lol i never pretended to be an islamic scholar or know much about islamic texts , but i think i know enough about islam in politics and history to be able to arrive to that conclusion . 
   the idea that your average muslim ca n't ever be truly assimilated unless they magically switch to christianity or something is absurd . 
  first off europe is not really a christian continent in the same way that the middle-east and african muslim areas are muslim . 
  obviously if a few hundred muslims came to europe and steps were taken by both sides ( host and immigrant ) to ensure that their children and their children 's children will be completely , entirely european citizens , it could work . 
  i 'll give you a little example of what i would consider successful assimilation : once upon a time a ship filled with africans set for slavery wrecked itself on the coast of southern montenegro . 
  those people became 100 % albanian and there have been absolutely no problems of ethnic tensions , ghettos , etc. 
  obviously this is a very unusual example but it shows that it just goes to show that it is n't an impossibility , but that it has to happen on a completely different scale and in a completely different way than it is approached today . 
  [ link to the black ulcinjians ] ( http://www.visit-ulcinj.com/ulcinj-travel-guide/african-montenegrins-in-ulcinj/ ) . 
  the situation in western europe today is n't exactly like that , and every day more evidence of that comes out . 
  many muslims in western europe live in insulated communities and pretty much no steps are taken to ensure that they 're going to become british or french or whatever . 
  just the other day there was an article on this sub about how 4th gen descendants of algerian immigrants to france were at risk for radicalization and some were being observed for plotting attacks . 
  4th generation !, 
  this is a problem , and what is meant by `` immigrants should be assimilated '' . 
  they should be french first and foremost . 
  balkan muslims are quite different from mena and sub-saharan african muslims . 
  not to mention that we 've had quite a bit of problems with them , problems i sincerely wish western europe wo n't have with their muslim populations . 
  ... that 's who i was talking about . 
  i have misspoken , i confused stats about bosnian muslims with stats about albanian muslims . 
  [ here are some stats about bosnian muslims ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/07/10/how-bosnian-muslims-view-christians-20-years-after-srebrenica-massacre-2/ ) . 
  there is a general feeling that it is n't that devout though , but a lot people definitely became more religious after the war . 
  well no i do n't believe one can be a devout muslim , follow the rules of islam as strongly as many people from mena do , and be completely assimilated europeans . 
  i mean aside from repeating what i just said do you have anything else to add ? 
  at what point will the pro-immigration side realize that there is a problem ? 
  i mean how many of these things have to happen , and on what scale , for you to take a step back and say `` maybe we should slow down '' ? 
  no , relatively close , just like petros said . 
  bosnia is pretty much the least devout muslim country on earth , and austria did rule bosnia for a short while . 
  if you have n't seen this video check it out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu, 
  god bless canada, 
  nah it 's not about food or drinks or anything , it 's just having more or less the same values and worldviews as the country you 're in , as well as being able to proudly say that you are `` x country that you immigrated to '' and not `` y country your parents immigrated from '' . 
  basically if you can still make a distinction between descendants of migrants and natives after 3 generations assimilation has not happened . 
  usually religion plays a big part here , because muslims will often be reluctant to completely blend into french society for example ( they also often take islam much more seriously than even religious europeans take christianity ) , and the problem is exacerbated when many of those people live in ghettos which are n't french in any way other than administrative . 
  lol curiously enough i learned about obama 's african heritage by an african-american ( descendant of enslaved africans ) telling me he was n't african-american , but rather mixed kenyan/white american . 
  the use of the term really just depends i think, 
   personally i thin the us is worth considering . 
  do persecuted religious groups still move en masse to the usa ? 
  is it still a thing ? 
  yeah i thought your borders were notoriously porous as well, 
   that does n't mean that finish people are smarter than swedish people . 
  it means that finland has a great school system . 
  welllll viewed a certain way you could say finnish people are at that moment on average better at those things than swedish people . 
  does n't mean swedes do n't have the potential to be as good at those things as finns do . 
   yianni, 
  well yeah man obviously the statement `` east asians are better at math '' is n't sufficiently nuanced enough to be taken at an academic level , and not all generalizations are baseless . 
  i mean i get your sentiment but i just do n't think it 's that much of a big deal : /, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/programme_for_international_student_assessment#results http://www.scmp.com/lifestyle/family-education/article/1763278/western-schools-envious-east-asian-scores-global-exam-may http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/12/11/international-tests-show-_n_2273134.html http://www.jbhe.com/features/49_college_admissions-test.html it 's so real it 's affecting their college admission rates http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-adv-asian-race-tutoring-20150222-story.html this is first page google stuff i never said genetics have anything to do with it . 
  the adverb * too * in this context was used to denote how east asians are better at math ( and other subjects , which i failed to realize ) than other groups because of socioeconomic factors just like black americans are worse at them because of socioeconomic factors . 
  hence `` east asians are better at math because of socioeconomic factors * too * [ i.e. 
  just like african americans ] . '', 
   the term may also be used to include only those individuals who are descended from enslaved africans first paragraph wiki but you 're right it can be used to refer to all americans of african descent , though it 's usually used to refer to the group descended from slaves there are huge differences between those two groups, 
   last time i checked the vast majority of experts agreed that this is down to cultural/socioeconomic factors and has nothing to do with biology . 
  dude this is what i 've been saying in all my comments , i think i might not be transmitting my message clearly enough . 
  east asians are better at math because of socioeconomic factors too . 
  there is no point in denying it . 
  i simply think there are much larger issues facing black americans than the fact that we recognize that they 're not the same as white people , and that we call those two categories , which are quite strikingly different due to those socioeconomic factors i mentioned earlier , race . 
  abolishing the prison-industrial complex would be a good first step . 
  i do n't think anybody is going to turn into a racist if they recognize that there are differences between groups like we mentioned earlier . 
   asians are good at math or black people are aggressive well east asians are better at math than most of the world , that 's just a fact and it 's useless denying it , but the real question is what socioeconomic factors have created that situation . 
  for example , i do n't think i have ever heard anyone deny the fact that black americans score less on standardized test scores , it 's hard to mess up a study that 's essentially just compiling data and it 's definitely not racist to talk about it . 
  what people have to ask is , how do we bring their scores up and what exterior factors have contributed to this .
