  source ? 
  ok well the answer is : yes , empires get mad when competing empires try and take over their spheres of influences/vassals, 
  what an opening line by the journalist, 
   are you saying that us does n't like russia making countries changing there allegiance ? 
  ... do you really need someone to confirm this to you, 
  i have no understanding of the situation besides a few stats and quotes mentioned in passing about women outnumbering men at a lot of western universities would you mind explaining it to me , or giving me some resources to look into ? 
  honest request, 
  men should get custody more often though and i do n't think you only get alimony if you are stay-at-home . 
  divorce laws are all kinds of fucked up , and sexist to the core . 
  i think what he is trying to say is that your current day core values are very christian-influenced and that because we 've been raised in them we ca n't see them for what they are , secular offshoots of christianity, 
  i do n't know much about venezuela , were there any sanctions on them ? 
  why would there be , just because of socialist 's being in power ? 
  right ? 
  aesthetically the best assembly in europe tbh france 's palais de luxembourg is close second, 
  nah my grandma ( the one that had the doll ) is slovene , where the native variety of `` krampus '' is called parkelj, 
  not gon na lie i am , to this day , terrified of this shit my grandma had a little krampus doll in her house it was so fucking scary every time i went there as a kid i avoided it, 
  venezuela ? 
  damn you 're either crazy or really bored, 
  like personally him ? 
  or are you making a meme ? 
   officially have stated many times that they have absolutely nothing against serbia joining eu . 
  i believe you but do you have a source for those official statements ? 
  why you so mad at putin though, 
  logical consistency = / = making sense, 
  they are impure on earth clean in heaven for reasons that make sense within the context of islam it 's a lot of things but it is n't logically inconsistent, 
  kosovo is already outside of our borders though , whether we like it or not, 
  kosovo was always a financial black hole , even back in the ottoman period, 
  tell me , what about that ( eternal reward in heaven for something you abstained from on earth ) does n't make sense ? 
  you may not agree with it , i do n't either , but within the framework of islam it makes 100 % sense, 
   ( which is exactly what happened in crimea ) . 
  is there a video somewhere ? 
  it does violate human rights, 
  at this point there is no better option really, 
  lmao you were n't kidding they should have written what his name is, 
   is left there to their devices , russia would have made sure yugoslavia survived no ? 
  yugoslavia was actually pretty good at keeping russian influence at bay . 
  if anything russia was , just like the others , happy to see a breakdown because it could then be able to , in the absence of any real unity in the region after dissolution , absorb a few of the now weak new countries into its sphere of influence . 
  you put it into words better than i did , thank you, 
  once again i 'm not denying that france has benefited from non-ethnically french immigrants , obviously it has . 
  i was just wondering about the implications of `` diversity is what makes us strong '' just do n't call it diversity of genes , because that implies that race exists . 
  yes but they rejected france and their french identity when they were alive , as do others alive today i was questioning this line :  if you are born french , then your values should not matter . 
  come on man you know what i was asking are you trying to imply that , for example , a `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' having children with an black person would result in `` better offspring '' than if the ethnically french had children with another ethnically french person ? 
  getting a little too close to `` race realism '' for comfort there my friend, 
  what does diversity of genes mean ? 
  none , which is why i started my original comment with `` out of curiosity '' my curiosity was piqued by your use of the oft-repeated `` diversity makes x great/strong '' and i was wondering what that sentence really meant and its implications etc, 
  yeah i 'm really not talking about genocide that 's obviously really bad but i was just wondering , because you always hear people apologizing multiculturalism by saying that diversity is precisely what makes the community strong/powerful/great , is that the only way for a country/community to be great ? 
  like what if someone came from a place where people are really homogenous ethnically , is that a sign of the place 's weakness ? 
   if you want to obtain the french citizenship you have to agree to its values . 
  if you are born french , then your values should not matter . 
  i also do n't understand what you 're trying to say by this , do you think that because the kouachi brothers and the 13th november terrorists were all either french/belgian-born , the fact that they lived in parallel worlds of anti-republicanism and reactionary islamic fundamentalism is not a problem ? 
  do you think islamists , nazis , etc. 
  are n't a threat to the republic and its values ? 
   that 's what makes france great . 
  out of curiosity , is there any other way for a country to be great than to accept literally anyone with the passport , regardless of the allegiance or values or identity of the person , as `` theirs '', 
  that delicious fish soup man brings me back, 
  ayy more old europe !, 
  ooh true my bad, 
  dogs are unchanging through years , places , and social classes . 
  they always just do what a dog does . 
  same as cats . 
  there are a shitton of croats who would disagree with you , judging by the fact that a very high number of early yugoslavists were croat subjects of austria-hungary . 
  now whether you dislike socialism as opposed to monarchy and capitalism that 's another subject of contention, 
  moreover most people in these photographs are not slavs , but caucasians , central asian turkic peoples , etc. 
  haha ye the downvotes you got are ridiculous but there is no changing reddit 's voting habits, 
  whether an empire is nicer to me or my people ( and i consider all south slavs my people , and have great respect for all other neighbors that were oppressed by the various empires that ruled us , no divisive nationalism here , only an anti-imperial one ) does n't change the fact that they were empires , oppressive by design . 
  peaceful dissolution would have been preferable , but as you said tough luck getting the rich and powerful in vienna to honor a petition or something like that . 
  same goes for the ottomans . 
  they came here by force and ruled us for hundreds of years , suppressing any dissent against them often violently . 
  it was tough to fight back but a lot of great men and women from various parts of the balkan did , and bravely so , for many many years before we got self-rule . 
  now people like to blame princip and his group for `` ruining the united states of austria plan that the great archduke was going to give you plebs '' but how the fuck was he supposed to expect that to happen ? 
  after 500 + years of various imperial domination you get pretty cynical about massa 's promises . 
  in his own words , he '' [ is ] the son of peasants and [ knows ] what is happening in the villages . 
  that is why [ he ] wanted to take revenge , and [ he regrets ] nothing . '', 
  furthermore , another thing the early nationalists ( which , i repeat , are in a completely different league than the reactionary shitfest of the 90s ) can not absolutely be blamed for wwii , nazis , stalin , etc. 
  because a ) how the fuck could they know and b ) who knows maybe it would have happened anyway , or something worse could have happened . 
  historical what-ifs never end . 
  i hold that princip , young bosnia , the illyrian movement , and other early nationalists are heroes and should be honored by any liberty-loving south slav . 
  final point leninism and stalinism are n't really in the same league either . 
  stalinism is the one you might want to criticize , lenin did n't do anything evil . 
  i will ask for personal nuclear icbm launcher to help destroy fascist ukraine government and isis, 
  i get what you mean , i feel the same way whenever i visit a small village . 
  this one time i visited a monastery where they live the same lives as monks from the 1st century , it was surreal . 
  of course a monk 's life is different from a commoner 's but there is definitely an ... organic quality ? 
  to their lives that is completely absent from ours . 
  i do n't know how to say it exactly but a lot of them seem to be much more satisfied with what they are doing . 
  once again these guys were monks so they 're really spiritual men and entirely committed to what they are doing but it 's really interesting to see the different ways a human life can be spent . 
  thank putin putin yes yes putin putin pls give me dog, 
   transylvania ok hungarian person , 
  true , if any of you ever have the chance to meet an old-school peasant from a really undeveloped part of the world observe their clothes ( perhaps touch them if they let you ) they 're really fucking rough . 
  though they do have some rustic charm, 
  since when were all germans tried at nuremberg, 
  says a guy from sweden , of course to you guys that 's how it looks  in all seriousness though it was a terrible war but necessary for the disenfranchised people of the balkans and eastern europe . 
  i mean it 's funny to imagine a babylonian angrily stamping `` fuck you asshole ! '', 
  in cuneiform into a clay tablet but i think it was probably something more like a breach of contract or a lawsuit , at least whatever a formal complaint was required to look like according to hammurabi 's code, 
  not here !, 
  prokudin-gorsky actually pioneered color photography in the early 20th century so the colors match reality , though the saturation is obviously amped up ( due to the limitations of the technique ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergey_prokudin-gorsky, 
  yes !, 
  the famous one, 
  [ another one from around that time ] ( http://i2.wp.com/laughingsquid.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/yyi3n5icrop.jpg?fit=750%2c981 ), 
  lmao the very mainstream marxist one , the three bullet points in the wiki page for bourgeoisie are n't really equal in relevance,
