  yeah tbf that was pretty dumb if i was karadjordje i 'd have just converted every single mosque into a church probably some kind of reason behind it, 
  this is actually a pretty legit distribution as far as it goes, 
  i wonder , what would it take to satisfy this mob , and other members of their party/movement/ideology ? 
  complete cleansing of serbs from kosovo , or is it something they have n't told the world ? 
  do they have a platform ? 
  five-year plan ? 
  conditions to be met before letting these people go to church for christmas eve ? 
  yeah , the thing about jews being the only ones allowed to work in moneylending due to usury laws is pretty well-established afaik jews have some wild history, 
  i assume it 's because of the frequent expulsions , with cities being the most logical place where immigrants would settle . 
   the only thing worth seeing in frankfurt am main is the suit klaus kinksi wore in `` fitzcarraldo '' ( at the film museum ) . 
  this sounds disrespectful but it 's pretty much true though if you 're into alcoholic drinks apfelwein is another `` attraction '' in frankfurt worth experiencing, 
  how could i forget the almighty bata, 
  battle of neretva featuring yul brynner , orson welles , and franco nero, 
  yes it is actually . 
  for epiphany , but i guess it could be dangerous if you do n't take the right precautions, 
  how do you die from -18 c degree weather ? 
  honest question do people go swimming in lakes or something ? 
   you can be in a relationship and rising a child without being married ... you mean like a de facto marriage ? 
  that 's just a marriage without the paperwork  sure . 
  but usually mothers do much more than fathers . 
  fathers changing dippers are a recent thing . 
  then why are you talking like fathers do n't do shit ? 
  back in the day , fathers were the sole breadwinners so it 's completely logical that mothers , who did n't work , did the rest of the stuff around the the baby and the house . 
  even then , it does n't mean the father will never do anything hands-on : my father was changing my diapers back in the 90s and my mom did n't work . 
  what do you have against fathers ? 
   cizre and devsirme helped enormously to the expansion of the ottoman empire within europe and was done more as to help the empire rather than out of spite for christianity . 
  certainly , but that does n't do anything to make them seem nicer or better , as they were still foreign imperialists ruling us from afar , which i am always opposed to in principle . 
  and of course it was done to help the empire rather than spite christianity , i mean even the destruction of the batal dzamija was probably done more to keep ottoman influence out of belgrade than to spite islam . 
  that they were more `` progressive '' compared to other empires/kingdoms at the time ? 
  sure i can agree with that, 
   you do n't need to be marry for that . 
  and what , have children then dump them on the street ? 
   perhaps making males share the burden would help the situation . 
  do fathers not exist ? 
  as i said in my other comment , the only reason why the ottomans did such things is because they founded their empire on the respect of religious plurality . 
  however , to say that all religions were treated equally is wrong : the simple existence of institutions like the cizye or the janissaries , based on religious discrimination , proves this . 
  the ottomans simply did n't have an eliminationist urge to destroy christianity , but they did n't treat it the same way as islam . 
  of course this is much more tolerant than the treatment of muslims and jews in say the spain of ferdinand and isabella , but people did not convert to islam for fun in the balkans , it was coercive even though it was n't violent . 
  with what do you disagree ? 
  i said more than one thing in this comment and am always open to have my position challenged, 
  revolutionary fervor man you never know how much is enough though it is important to note that ottomans did n't keep the orthodox and catholic monasteries intact out of `` respect '' we were all still kuffar , they just did n't rule that way . 
  they served their religious oppression in other ways, 
  i get why they did n't want a mosque in belgrade but it could have been converted into a church easily , just wreck those minarets and it 's be like a reverse hagia sophia that 's what i would have done if i was leading the rebellion but whatever, 
  mate belgrade was a major balkan city for jews before the fucking nazis exterminated all of them and declared it * judenfrei * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judenfrei, 
  well i mean ... not paris and i thought london 's both sides were well-developed and `` central '', 
  yeah i 'm reading about the history of jews in that city now and it 's crazy , i knew about sephardim in the balkans but did n't know to what extent they came to populate certain cities, 
  ah well those other things i ca n't answer you why , obviously the situation is not ideal, 
  eh would it be better politics to kick them all back to syria ( which is guaranteed to be fucked for quite a bit ) once the `` war ends '' ? 
  i think not, 
  as to why they 're quasi-certainties ? 
  money in one word, 
  thessaloniki was a jewish majority city ? 
  what ? 
  that 's crazy, 
  asking questions is a way of participating in an argument since like socrates it 's safe to assume most of the refugees will not return to syria in any near future . 
  chances are many of them will have children and those children will have an even lesser desire to return to an abstract syrian homeland that will , in all likelihood , still be a failed state by the time they grow up considering these quasi-certainties , it is crucial to integrate and to a certain degree assimilate the newly arrived syrians into the fabric of german society in order for everyone to continue living in harmony, 
  dude are you actually arguing against the integration of refugees into german society ? 
  literally what the fuck ? 
   any particularly more hateful than other european societies were not too long ago . 
  west europe 's track record is far far far from stellar not even 6 or 7 decades ago . 
  it 's a question of development and progress , and it comes in stages . 
  i 'm confident it 'll happen in russia eventually just like it happened in britain or anywhere else, 
  i 'd argue russian society is n't any particularly more hateful than other european societies were not too long ago . 
  `` lead the ideas of your time and they will accompany and support you ; fall behind them and they drag you along with them ; oppose them and they will overwhelm you . '' -- napol\u00e9on bonaparte, 
  so pretty , makes me miss europe from this deep subarctic canadian winter, 
  incredible coincidence ... both cities were on the front page of r/europe yesterday/today too, 
  awe-inspiring i 'd say . 
  because awe-inspiring can be both awful and awesome . 
  confirm that yes it can be all of that, 
  your flair is pretty offensive tbh, 
  yeah but how do movies showcase the moral degradation of russia, 
  reminds me of that fight in the ukrainian parliament http://g.fastcompany.net/multisite_files/fastcompany/imagecache/inline-large/inline/2014/08/3034124-inline-i-1-art-ukraine-fight.jpg, 
   moral degradation lmao wtf do you mean by this, 
  god bless, 
  why not ? 
  in any case , you were n't doing much discussing other than making racist comments about my serbian flair lmao, 
  well exactly . 
  in the grand scheme of things a frenchman could have said `` well do hungarians even want democracy ? '', 
  before you lost your kaiser . 
  russians will eventually learn to function in a democracy just like every other nation that has successfully made that transition . 
  keep in mind , i 'm talking about a * real * democracy , not something just put in place to topple their current one . 
  i love america for its history , its natural wonders , its people , its innovative industry , its music ( one of the greatest countries in history when it comes to musical heritage hands down ) . 
  i think there is something to be admired in every part of america , from the deep south to the rocky mountains , through the southwestern desert landscape and the poorer appalachian area . 
  i dislike america 's love of suburbs , bad urbanism and architecture in some places , and the prevalence of cars as a method of transportation , but i guess that comes with the urbanism/layout of cities . 
  i think america 's foreign policy , tied up to corporate capitalist interests , is detestable and probably the most disgusting thing about america . 
  a lot of american internal politics are absolutely ridiculous as well and should change asap ( but most americans i 've met think this way as well ) . 
  edit : forgot to mention guns god bless the 2nd amendment, 
  took me a minute to realize this was supposed to be english, 
  lmao this guy speaks worse than my 55 yr old uncle who moved to america when he was 2 years old how the fuck is he pm ?? 
  you could have said the same thing about hungary or literally any western country before true democratization happened it takes time and money to change , but it can definitely change, 
  wew that 's an acid burn, 
  if you 're truly interested in understanding what he meant by de fact colonialism google neocolonialism, 
  the very moral institution of the us army school of the americas , alma mater of many notorious human rights abusers , is one example http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/cifamerica/2010/nov/18/us-military-usa https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gutumgk0e6q, 
  i 'd have no problem if people could argue their points without resorting to bullshit like this jamieusa character does . 
  is it not true that america has invaded more than one middle-eastern country and killed countless innocents through drone strikes and shock and awe bombing ? 
  is it not true that the wmds in iraq were fabricated so that halliburton could make a shitton of money ? 
  is it not true that all of the war criminals of the yugoslav wars have been tried and convicted ? 
  answer this and i will be satisfied . 
  but no , no answers , no argument , no thinking all i see is trying to change the subject because i have serbian flair . 
  that is literally whataboutism .
