  killing of rich peasants in russia . 
  killing of `` reactionary enemies of the revolution '' in france . 
  dumbass agrarian reforms in maoist china . 
  excessive isolationism in hoxha 's albania . 
  all done for left-wing ideals and all pretty fucking brutal and evil . 
  i 've named 4 off the top of my head . 
  put this through your head : ** left does n't mean successful or good , it means `` concerned with eliminating hierarchies and attaining eqaulity '' and has led to atrocious results many times in the past . 
  ** overall excellent fucking troll 9/10 i swallowed hook line and sinker and only now realized what a colossal waste of time this was, 
  you began the whole thread by stating explicitly that you believe that the left is synonymous with good , and the right with bad . 
  from that point on you 've already established that you think that people with right-wing ideas are at least supportive of evil , if not outright evil themselves . 
  notice that i 've never said that leftists are deluded or irrational or degenerates ( which would be the right-wing equivalent of your views ) . 
  another tired trope you 're using is the `` hehe dumb right-wingers bet you never went to school lmao dumb redneck '' which is not conducive to debate at all . 
  have you sincerely never met someone with right-wing views you 'd consider intelligent ? 
  all of this leads me to believe that you are indeed incredibly prejudiced against anything you could construe as belonging to the right and closed-minded ( yes , closed-minded , it does not mean right-wing ) . 
  i agree with you that far-left thinking is n't a bad thing , i greatly respect the left and hold many views which could be characterized as left-wing . 
  where i disagree is when you start saying shit like `` someone that agrees with the right in a university must be evil ( `` not give a shit about society '' ) or brainwashed '' . 
  are you seriously saying that left-wing brainwashing can not possibly exist ? 
  do you not see how * stupid * it is to say that an intelligent person that hold right-wing views does n't care about the world ? 
  this is what i mean by biased and closed-minded . 
   please define what you identify as `` left '' about their behaviour and describe how that specific behaviour you identified as left was harmful . 
  lmao you said it yourself , the left is concerned with eliminating hierarchies and progressing into a newer , more equal world . 
  all of those three had exactly those ideals , at least in some form . 
  this is what i meant by read more history , if you ca n't recognize that robespierre was a leftist thinker in the late 18th i do n't know what to tell you . 
  i 've read this [ article ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/ ) on late-stage capitalism ( ? ), 
  he wrote , pretty interesting perspective . 
  little unorthodox but worth a read . 
  i think pretty much all far-leftists would rightfully call someone opposed to lgbt rights a reductionist today . 
  stalin was fucked up, 
  your ideas are n't necessarily far-left though , they 're just comfortably left . 
  well , thank you for at least honestly and openly revealing your intense bias and fantastically closed-minded worldviews . 
   and i would love to hear your arguments what , my arguments for the left not being the paragon of virtue and the right being literally hitler \u2122 ? 
  i mean it 's so painfully obvious that this is completely , 100 % wrong and elementary-school level simplistic that i do n't even know where to start . 
  the reign of terror ? 
  khmer rouge ? 
  stalin ? 
  you have a ton of misconceptions about left/right that i can really only suggest you pay more attention to politics and read more history , visit debate forums that you do n't agree with or something , i ca n't realistically hope to change your idea that left = good and right = bad in a reddit comment . 
   and where you got your education from . 
  shockingly enough not everyone who goes to school is an anarchist !!, 
  with a bit of editing i think your writing could be very interesting . 
  keep it up !, 
  left wing = good right wing = bad am i doing it right ? 
  are n't communist symbols banned in polska ? 
  possible , but every group of migrants in these waves is mostly young males . 
  well most religions are communal so it 's a bit of a pleonasm, 
  i was asking you about what you meant by secular religion , how can a religion be secular ? 
  also lmao unironically saying magic sky fairy, 
  more likely because you 're a debeli slaninar, 
  violence can very well happen on a longer scale . 
  as you continue accepting extremely large numbers of migrants into sweden , the problems you are describing will arise , and stuff you thought was impossible could happen . 
  kosovo-style situations in certain areas of sweden ? 
  what is keeping it from happening , especially when the welfare state starts weakening ? 
  basically i agree with all you 're saying except your ( slightly idealistic ) conclusion that violence is not possible . 
  it is , trust me . 
  ~ 10 point changes are pretty big, 
  it 's pretty much the most inconsistent and politicized prize anyway . 
  you get barack obama one year and then people who actually deserve it like malala or kailash satyarthi the next . 
  there 's a section at the end of the intro paragraph addressing just that . 
  german identity in america was forcibly suppressed post-wwi too , so it 's pretty clear why they are n't `` german '' anymore . 
  back in 1905 i bet many americans of german descent would say they are german . 
  eh i think it 's pretty well-known that universities and their student politics are always full of weird far-left thinking . 
  i have to say however , that hearing people make apologies for charlie hebdo and even isis in certain cases does n't really faze me that much anymore . 
  i go to a school where a significant portion of the student body are upper class muslim and/or arab , and i 've lost count of the times i 've had relatively heated debated with some of them on the topic . 
  the worst offenders in my experience are the children of wealthy arabs from the maghreb and saudi arabia ( no surprise there ) . 
  `` je ne suis pas charlie '' , `` have they not learned their lesson , why continue drawing the prophet ? 
  '' , etc. 
  are not that rare to hear . 
  i 'm not saying that most muslims in the west think like this but a sizable portion of them definitely do . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans  i thought ethnicity was mostly about language and culture ? 
  it is . 
  6 people from germany named mohamed stopped near the syrian border are probably not part of the same culture as lutheran otto and hildegard from bremen . 
  he 's asking are they ethnic germans or just citizens of germany , which is a relevant question when you encounter 6 of them near syria, 
   secular religion come again ? 
  inshallah means if god wills it , basically an expression of hope and what you mean to do mashallah means god willed it , basically a way of conveying congratulations/respect there are a few other secular phrases in arabic that invoke allah 's name , like wallah ( i swear to god ) or astaghfirullah ( seeking forgiveness from god , i hear it used in a similar way as oh my god is used when you see something shocking or that you disapprove of ), 
  in germany ? 
  wow that is quite surprising really shows the scale of the mismanagement of this crisis, 
  mashallah edit : interesting how the arabic version of the top comment becomes bottom comment, 
  agree , how anyone ( unless they are islamist themselves or american military strategists ) can support `` moderate islamist rebels '' in syria is beyond me . 
  problem i see here is that ypg is predominantly kurdish military , and peshmerga ( the other big one ) fights for kurdistan and the kurds of syria . 
  now i 'm not that familiar with relations between arabs and kurds in syria but i 'll take a wild guess and say they 're probably really tense and that it is a stretch to think that they could cooperate long-term . 
   70 pakistanis clashed with 300 albanians is there not awareness in albania ( or kosovo ) that they wo n't get asylum or is germany offering some kind of incentive for asylum seekers to come even though they know they 'll get rejected ? 
  wow those photos really hit close to home . 
  i just looked it up and serbia 's poverty rate is 24.6 % ... do you happen to know how much of the poor in romania are roma ? 
  judging from the pictures i assume it 's a sizable majority . 
  hladetina where i 'm from , and yeah it 's pretty great, 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  why did you hate it ? 
  you 're being downvoted but it 's true , now people can look and say `` why ca n't you guys live together peacefully ?? '', 
  but when you 've just come out of wwii , it 's not as easy, 
   for me it implies that people are born into class , which they are not the way class works is that you are born into it i know what you 're trying to say though , but the way you say it in english comes out slightly wrong . 
  you could say worker class for all intents and purposes, 
  just a heads up , nation state is not interchangeable with state or country . 
  america is not a nation state for example , while portugal is . 
   we need to become something more than what we are . 
  why ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  more than what , and become what ? 
  through what , erasmus for taxi drivers and `` meltingpoting '' the eu like eco says ? 
  maybe the fact that europe is constantly dividing itself and refusing to homogenize into euroblob should hint to the fact that most people do n't want it, 
  try living in montreal on y parle like this tout le temps my friend . 
  it 's because we are n't swedes and there is a lot of contradictory info out there about sd and sweden in general,
