  a lot of societies in europe are very , very patriarchal still . 
  the clips are cherry-picked to push a specific angle yes , just like guardian covers or bbc clips showed only kids and frail women , but they 're not fake or staged . 
  serbian is definitely harsher and russian softer . 
  a lot more `` ya '' sounds in russian , less consonant streaks . 
  i 'd like to see people try and differentiate the dialects/accents of serbia/bosnia/croatia / montenegro lmao, 
  the dynamic of women holding off pregnancy until later in life , or simply not having children , seems to be keeping up though . 
  why 'd he leave ? 
  also `` milo , bubica '' or ubica ? 
  ... ok man if you want to argue semantics , sure . 
  prioritizing military spending is not necessarily expanding military spending , yeah ok there is no cult of personality for vucic i mean it 's just not true . 
  milosevic had a cult of personality , even djindjic can be said to have had a cult of personality among a specific subset of the serbian population but vucic ? 
  absolutely not . 
  aah interesting system , very different from the ones i am familiar with also you mentioned you voted for young sp and cvp , are those youth wings ? 
  how can one vote for youth wings , is there a youth parliament or something ? 
  you get multiple votes ? 
  how is the number of votes decided , is it like for different administrative levels ( party a for canton level , b for confederation level , etc. ), 
  or you get to decide if you want party a in interior affairs , b in economical policy , etc. 
  how do you guys vote in this election ? 
  i took a look at a r/switzerland and got the impression that you vote by policy , and not for a single party ? 
  is the election just like any standard one , pick a party and check it or is it like one of your fancier `` direct democracy '' elections where you have multiple questions , an information booklet , etc. 
   expansionist military policy was not mentioned . 
  yes it was , check the second bullet https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p7gyw/russia_has_restored_much_of_its_soviet_era/cw3w7o9  state reverence is present in all these countries . 
  all of them interpret an insult to the state as an insult to the people . 
  no there is n't , plenty of people dissent from the state 's opinions , apart from people who vote for radikalna stranka i ca n't imagine someone taking a slight against the gov ' t as a slight against the serbian people in serbia for example . 
   there is no leader cult ? 
  are you joking ? 
  vucic in serbia , djukanovic in montenegro , gruevski in macedonia . 
  each adored and revered lmao !, 
  vucic , adored and revered !, 
  vucic is as * revered * as any standard politician in western europe . 
  an incredibly high number of people mock him , think he 's either too pro-eu or not enough , plenty of people criticize him , etc. 
  idk about djukanovic or gruevski but to say that vucic is the serbian lukashenko or putin is ridiculous . 
  if anything putin himself is the serbian putin . 
  do you guys have a right-wing nationalism + left-wing economic policies party ? 
  yeah that makes sense , quebec also invests a lot into attracting french citizens ( e.g. 
  the diploma equivalency treaty from a few years back ) i think it 's a really good thing for quebec too , people from france certainly integrate with more ease . 
  plus all the bakers i buy from are french and make really good bread and pastries lmao, 
  there 's the problem, 
  there is no expansionist militaristic policy , no state reverence , no leader cult in the ex-yu region countries yeah press freedom could be expanded but the mass media is certainly not as state controlled as it was during the war there is nationalism and conspiracies but that 's about it , and a lot of the countries in the region are trying to tone those down, 
  good tsar , bad boyars, 
  they do n't * really * call her aunt merkel ? 
  i thought the mama merkel thing was a joke wtf, 
  interesting , yeah british makes the most sense as you have so many places in the world with similar people/language/laws and ruled by the same queen , although i 've only met a handful of brits in canada ( granted montreal is n't canada proper but still ) it 'd be nice if there was some comprehensive study of contemporary european migration to former colonies . 
  a * lot * of french people come to montreal ( lot of algerians and moroccans who lived in france first then came to montreal too ) , it 's definitely an interesting situation . 
  how many spaniards/brits/portuguese move to their former colonies ? 
  i 'd bet the french are the population with the biggest emigrations to their old colony . 
  nothing to do with it, 
  conservatism in a traditionally roman catholic country like spain is guaranteed to be associated with traditional roman catholic sexual ethics , of which opposition to gay marriage is an important component . 
   silly things like etnicity and religion that 's what i hope western europeans understand from watching these conflicts : ethnicity and religion are * not at all * silly things , you are not immune from having this kind of horrible shit happen in your countries and you should be careful not to upset your stable homogeneity . 
  i 'd love for ethnicity and religion to not matter at all but after seeing what happened in my country and around i think we just have to face the fact that humans are tribal animals and when life gets a little tougher , wo n't hesitate to kill mercilessly because you are n't part of the tribe or whatnot . 
  it 's fucking sad but it 's the reality of life and we should just work with it . 
  imperialism , wars , various genocides and massacres , poverty , and religious/ethnic tensions due to high levels of diversity are all part of the explanation . 
  i mean it is a shit situation and i 'd like for it to end but it 's not like we 're just being stubborn idiots , plenty of people alive right now have lost friends and family to various wars that happened in the region from the 20th century onwards . 
  i 'll just say one thing : our problems are n't due to `` some childish sense of national entitlement '' , and by saying that you are the one sugarcoating national suffering . 
  no i 'm just annoyed at people from places that have n't felt what a full out ethnic war on their soil and multiple rounds of nato bombing does to a country and say shit like `` oh silly balkans xd get over it '' like it 's that fucking easy . 
  do n't try to sugarcoat national suffering ? 
  wtf does that even mean here, 
  yeah but i mean does he have any qualifications ? 
  is he a journalist or a student in the field or just an armchair analyst, 
  the inflammatory shit that morons write and that the guardian publishes gets them the most clicks , i guarantee it . 
  moral outrage is * prime * clickbait in this day and age because both supporters and detractors will share and read in high amounts . 
  who is this caspianreports kid ? 
   war was started by a serbian nationalists who assassinated the next leader of another country you have no idea what you 're talking about lmao, 
  easy to say when you live in the netherlands which has n't seen war on its land since hitler, 
  while i agree that this particular thread probably is n't the place to talk about contemporary migrations to the eu , parallels can definitely be drawn . 
  if nothing kosovo should serve as a reminder to western europeans that being outbred on your own territory is not just a populist fantasy . 
  oh i thought it was nikolic , which did n't surprise me . 
  come to think about it i 'd only be surprised if vucic had said it, 
  forgive me for not completely trusting an american politician 's defense of kosovo . 
  i 'm sure you 'll agree with me that kosovo is * firmly * within the us 's sphere of influence , even more than some extremely pro-us countries like poland due to its relative poverty . 
  the usa simply has too many interests in kosovo for it to criticize it on the public stage . 
  i do n't deny that your country has advanced a lot since 90s , but there 's still a lot to be done . 
  lessening corruption and making serious efforts to protect the serbian heritage in kosovo are the most important ones imo . 
  it 's seen as being a spit in our face , more than a direct threat to some authority . 
  our prez said `` would you let isis into unesco ? '', 
  afaik ( and correct me if i 'm wrong ) kosovo has n't really done anything to protect the serbian heritage in kosovo . 
  until then they should be kept out of unesco , which makes complete sense . 
  dude i respect your right for self-determination and all but there is no denying that thaci and his gang are criminals . 
  i think you guys deserve a better government , lest you enjoy being a failed state . 
  what reason is that ? 
  and serbia is west of russia but we still are n't western europe lol, 
  i see it more as an implicit admission of who funds them countered with a bit of that age-old `` and you are lynching negroes '', 
  more or less yes , there was definite pressure to convert to islam or submit financially/politically/physically ( i.e. 
  death ) . 
  though the turks never really tried to `` turkify '' their subjects as much as certain empires tried to assimilate theirs , people did n't convert to islam for fun , but rather as strategic moves to be able to advance in society and/or not have their christian children be kidnapped and turned into soldier-slaves . 
   the population was n't muslim well only certain places that the ottomans ruled ( via native converts ) were muslim majority . 
   and it was n't closer to the rulers than to possible rulers from another nation i 'm sorry but i do n't understand what you mean here . 
   in fact , the balkan analogue might be closer to that of what the muslims in southern spain faced after their conquest by the crown of castile i 'll have to take your word for it , i 'm not too familiar with the intricacies of the inquisition, 
  many ( if not most ) rulers of balkan eyalets were native converts, 
  haha that first one is pretty funny makes me very happy that [ tito split with stalin before he made us a satellite state . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito%e2%80%93stalin_split ), 
  this is what i was looking for , thanks . 
  also the tallest are both in those regions euro = tall ? 
  very interesting !, 
  why are hungarians not in the ane section though ? 
  i do n't really understand the axes does early european farmers mean that those populations did n't migrate from anywhere , but rather evolved right there ? 
  sardinians seem to be the only ones in that category, 
  no it does n't because genetics have very little to do with most nationalisms , especially the ones that formed the nation-states of europe today hell even some of the biggest fascists of all time were n't really concerned with race as much as nation ( which is more cultural than anything ) : `` race ? 
  it is a feeling , not a reality . 
  ninety-five per cent , at least .
