  are you saying that the 80 % of non-syrians go somewhere else ? 
  maybe globalization is not such a great thing then especially when it 's so often accompanied labor exploitation , wage slavery , ttip/tpp style free trade agreements , disaster capitalism ... fuck all that bullshit , we can live without cheap iphones if it means less suffering and more stability, 
   or should i say `` asylkritiker '' ? 
  gasp not the critics !, 
  i 'm starting to think that it is impossible to sustain a strong welfare state if your population does n't sustain a good birthrate forever ( pretty hard to do when your country is wealthy , mostly irreligious , and women are mostly liberated , all great things by themselves ) . 
  there 's a reason the country with the most success in accepting extremely high numbers of immigrants has a barely existing welfare state ... 
  the worst part of your comment is that this is one of the most probable outcomes of the primaries what a time to be alive ... 
  people are saying it should be beefed up, 
  wew that 's a pretty ugly flag , looks like the logo of an it company also that meme is pretty dank good job, 
  this is pretty irrelevant but what is your flair supposed to be ? 
  i remember you had italy before now it 's a little green triangle on a white background , secretly britbong ? 
  yeah germany has been brigaded too , the whole country has had a suspicious decline in approval of the great humanitarian merkel 's stance on the whole debacle . 
  i 'm pretty sure those pesky racist sites are emigrating to germany and fucking up their public opinion polls . 
  idk if they are drugged but it 's not rare for beggars to use babies as props to incite sympathy . 
  it 's a pretty well known anecdote that in india that beggars sometimes use dead/drugged babies ( ! ), 
  as a tool for more money , one that they then exchange between each other in their begging rings . 
  http://www.travelindiasmart.com/beggars.php here 's a `` source '' on a baby throwing scam in europe : http://www.travelandleisure.com/slideshows/worlds-worst-travel-scams/11 i do n't think you can get any better source than this unfortunately , take that as you will, 
  that 's pretty cool , had n't thought abt the sun setting in the west . 
  pad means fall , so that makes complete sense . 
  wonder why west and fall do n't have the same etymological origin, 
  zapad literally means `` west '' in serbian and croatian ... very spooky, 
  idk , i wish the numbers were more precise, 
  why austria-hungary ? 
  you enjoy being told what to do by some noble fuck in vienna who considers you a dumb slav ? 
  i can understand disliking yugoslavia but it just sounds like wanting to trade masters, 
  if you look at the graph serbia proper just stagnated during that period , while others lost, 
  obviously but it makes me do triple takes when i see it, 
  interesting , good to know, 
  source ? 
  do n't see anything on wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_intervention_against_isil, 
  people using cyrillic letters as a substitue for latin ones is always so bizarre to me `` biggeya gayaden should be iice '' is what you wrote lol, 
  point taken, 
  ca n't really blame him , there is no denying that the media is always banking on a `` huge crisis '' that they ignore once the new one comes up i do n't think the migrant crisis is like that though , it 's been months and i still read about it every single day from various sources , even ones i do not visit myself but am just incidentally exposed to ( so less confirmation bias ) . 
  i think this is `` two pages in a history textbook '' important at least . 
  well is relative , and while you guys are successful in many things , not every country wants to become america, 
  the way that whole `` workforce '' need was met in the past was by actually making children . 
  yes , i know it 's hard , yes , i know they 've tried `` everything '' ( if some alright tax cuts and parental leave counts as everything ... ) , but importing a foreign workforce every generation is a recipe for disaster , a nightmare for assimilation , and an overall completely unsustainable policy . 
  you did n't meet any qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois ? 
  hard to believe unless you only stayed somewhere in plateau and did n't go out at all, 
  yeah lmao i think it 's pretty obvious that merkel will give a huge `` we must protect our borders '' speech if the trend keeps up for a few more weeks, 
  who makes the tests though ? 
  i 'd argue not as much in a socialist country, 
  fascinating stuff , i 'll have to look more into  but we do know who what village had more x victims than y victims of our mutual wrongdoings . 
  this is the worst yugoslav meme : /, 
  muh gdp per capita is the best measure of quality of life, 
  except yugoslavia was not a `` balkan shithole '', 
  how come i never heard about this ? 
  this is crazy !, 
  imagine yugoslavia being south korea level successful to this day wow, 
  i do n't think it 's fair to choose refugees that way , the way the uk is going about it seems like a near optimal solution to me, 
  obviously . 
  i lean towards the `` very little numbers of highly educated individuals and stringent assimilation practices '' side rather than the open borders one though . 
  well i do n't study at sciencespo but i did go to a presentation they did at my school for their international student programs . 
  the way it works if i recall correctly is that you get assigned to one of those regional campuses ( depending on where you 're from , for example someone from americas would go to the reims campus i think ) for a few years then you can do the rest of your degree or a masters program in paris . 
  you should ask them in an email though, 
  it 's pretty well-renowned in the politics/journalism world , good luck in your application !, 
  oh man you just gave me a great idea for this christmas break ... never been to slovenija in winter though only summer, 
   humanitarian superpower that 's really an important swedish political concept ? 
  i agree , but is that a justification to let every pakistani that desires it move to the uk ? 
  the great majority of the world 's population lives in poor and shit countries , we run the risk of fucking up the rich countries faster without even making a significant dent in world poverty . 
  how can we , in the same breath , say loud and clear that multiculturalism is great & will work on an even larger scale than today and at the same time say that the west fucked up a lot of the middle-east and africa by drawing arbitrary borders that did not take into account the particular religions/tribes/ethnic groups and thus created regions doomed to sectarian violence and separatism ? 
   the unitarian and orthodox churches love each other ... they do n't fight each other in the street for starters ... 
  portugal good country . 
  sympathetic country . 
  very great visit portugal . 
  check per capita and % of gdp : /, 
   what 's the benefit of that classification just like it beneficial to observe the effects of any ideology on a group of humans , it is beneficial to observe the effects of islam on immigrants and refugees in europe . 
   i have personally received around one islamist death threat per month over the past 15 years . 
  i am proud for every one of them . 
  how ? 
  what do you that provokes them like that ? 
   im just saying that the idea of an extreme right with socialist streaks isnt particularly new alright yeah that 's true , i just dislike when people say that right-wing + socialism = nazi genocide !!!, 
  nazis were only socialist in name btw , they murdered actual socialist nazis . 
  idk exactly what their proposals are but you 're saying they 're literally hitler basically when they 're not . 
  they did n't consider themselves french , but rather as fighters for islam first . 
  if that is n't proof that assimilation of descendants of immigrants is not foolproof idk what is, 
  the charlie hebdo shooters were `` born and bred '' french . 
  calling us stupid religious racist slavs is always acceptable man do n't you watch the news, 
  i think i 've heard fn talk about the idiocy ghettos and criticize the french govt/eu many times . 
  the left criticizes exterior agents when it comes to economics as well . 
   they wo n't tell detention center then, 
  and this will serve what purpose ? 
  maybe help people know if they should let their neighbor feed their pets while they 're on vacation ? 
  also someone is shadowbanned, 
   `` the conversation with president putin was largely friendly and familial because we find common ground very easily , and mostly russia would never ask for anything from serbia , it is always serbia that asks for something from russia , and luckily , russia is a real backbone and real support to serbia . '', 
  wonder how long this will last , what with serbia getting closer and closer to the eu and co. 
  yep , that 's pretty much exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  rich kids , kids of businessmen and politicians , really show how terrible some people 's ideas can be even when they are rich and educated . 
  their arguments `` against free speech '' are so pathetically foreign and incompatible with france 's values that i 'm saddened more people are n't criticizing them openly . 
  * what is worse * fucking ridiculous smh . 
  the worst one i saw recently was a fake charlie hebdo comic of the little syrian kid who drowned in greece being shared on facebook , and * every * single one of those guys was commenting `` ils veulent se faire deglinguer une deuxieme fois ou quoi ? 
  '' , * completely * missing the point . 
  out of curiosity , hec ? 
  thank you for adding the very valuable literally hitler \u2122 card to my deck of euroskeptic arguments lmao, 
  listen i really wish i could do this but you sound like a broken record , maybe you do n't understanding english that well or something but you are constantly misinterpreting the most basic thing i am saying . 
  `` provide arguments with le science '' what arguments you have n't advanced any position and just continue calling me uneducated for some reason , you 're just a guy who thinks in 2nd grade-terms with bad guys and good guys in politics . 
  probably a troll like the other guy said . 
   this is how these things are defined muh circular definitons right = evil , left = good , so naturally evil = right and good = left  ) ) learn to facts and rational  fedora tip this is how you sound  they did the exact opposite they destroyed old orders and had different visions in how to implement equality but that 's what they did . 
  literally the definiton of left wing politics for anyone who knows anything . 
  policies ?
