  point is , the pope is one of the most influential religious leaders in the world , and i bet a lot of people do listen to what he says . 
  lmao considering the fervor some of my friends and family have towards him you may have a point, 
  name one religious leader whose ( sometimes rather prosaic ) comments on policy get more headlines, 
   at peace relative peace the latest series of serious pogroms against serbs dates to 2004, 
   my school growing up had guards too something was terribly wrong with your school or the community you grew up in then , unfortunately, 
   it 's not tit for tat unfortunately , some people seem to think that this is the way to go, 
  i do n't think that being dissatisfied with the status quo is `` stupid '' , it is n't necessarily brave all the time but it can be but hey agree to disagree i guess, 
   jewish schools have police guards at the start and end of each school day . 
  why is this just stated matter-of-factly at the end of the article ? 
  how the fuck is this normal ? 
  do all jewish schools in marseille have this ? 
  is this israel or kosovo , or is it france for fuck 's sake ? 
  oh yeah definitely even today you 'll find that only the most `` extreme '' leftists or right-wingers say stuff against the usa . 
  because fringes usually support rocking the boat , one way or another , and in europe rocking the boat invariably means standing up to the usa and its deep influence on the continent . 
  anti-americanism is n't limited to the left, 
  sinisha molly seriously though good video , and good channel, 
  old ladies have nice apts, 
  hollywood most definitely, 
  bernie sanders * is * in their pocket lmao people need to stop acting as if he is a revolutionary, 
  being situated on the main trade roads is becoming less and less important for the emergence of business clusters ( the correct term for the islands you are referring to ) due to globalization . 
  with investments from the eu in ee and ce , there could potentially be a hub for a certain industry that appears in a city over here . 
  my money is on warsaw . 
  shh do n't disturb his preconceived views, 
  yeah i assumed it was supposed to be a turkish head but was n't sure, 
  some dude 's head, 
  perhaps , but it 's what 's been chosen it 's on you guys to change it if you do n't think it is right, 
  [ the town of kikinda has a great coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2b/coat_of_arms_of_kikinda.svg/500px-coat_of_arms_of_kikinda.svg.png ), 
  i 'd say that characterizing people in left/right is dumb in general just say if you agree with something and why , much easier that way so alright we can kind of agree, 
  [ basically this  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bqvytcj.jpg ) i 'd still throw a vote bernie 's way without expecting much though, 
  the eu does n't have an inherent politican alignment . 
  it changes with time . 
  right now it is dominated by ... well just look at the parliament and which parties are there . 
  i do n't think you know what a true scotsman is , unfortunately . 
  the crux of this argument is , does `` no nations no borders '' accurately represent a typical leftist policy ? 
  the answer is yes . 
  all i argued for . 
  obviously there are nuances between each leftist party . 
  literally where have i used a no true scotsman fallacy the eu is n't leftist , that 's a fact . 
  front de gauche and syriza and podemos and parties like those are left . 
  uk labour was leftist then it turned into the liberal party with a red theme . 
  these are just characterization , not no true scotsmen . 
  hmm yes , makes sense . 
  the `` self-determination '' group in kosovo does n't really seem to be interested in letting serb minorities in kosovo have those rights , so they , and other related movements , could be a major problem when it comes to progress between the ethnic groups . 
  i do n't know how popular these guys are but they are the ones that are keeping kosovo from becoming a normal country : i really ca n't wait to see kosovo 's parliament stop being bombed with tear gas , or serbs being able to go to church for christmas without being pelted with eggs like yesterday . 
  i wish the best for kosovo , because no one benefits ( expect american military i guess ) from having an unstable , ethnically divided statelet in the middle of europe . 
  hopefully things will change pretty soon . 
  perhaps , but that 's not what your government has decided to do . 
  probably , i 'm not familiar with what happened back then as i was not born . 
  was it after 74 that kosovo became an autonomous province ? 
  it 's becoming a nation with a sizable islamic minority that will influence it in the long-term , no denying it . 
  you had the option to choose between religion and some other class though for your kid , now i think you 'll just have that one class that is more inclusive . 
  but yes the religion class is closer to sunday school than religious education . 
  besides there are still a lot of operational churches in serbia so people can send their kids to real sunday school if they want . 
   how come all eu is based on agreements of states , should eu not recognize legitimacy of such entities ? 
  well the eu is n't `` left '' , and most a lot of `` left '' parties in europe really are n't `` left '' at all . 
  however , if you ask the front de gauche or syriza or whatever really leftist party , yes they are in favor of `` no nation no borders '' in at least some way . 
   has eu abolished its external border ? 
  serious tag on this . 
  no , but how does this prove that `` no nations no borders '' is a central element of most leftism ? 
   in which foreign issues did eu advocate a non-state based solution , reflecting its leftist views ? 
  you know , leftism has to be , like all politics , pragmatic and do things that do n't agree with their worldview . 
  but that is a moot point because the eu is not leftist . 
  it 'd probably be no , and pretty overwhelmingly at that . 
  i personally would be ready to vote yes on certain conditions . 
  i , and pretty much everyone i know , realize full well that kosovo ca n't join serbia as a province anymore , the world has just changed too much and most reasonable people like me do n't have any `` conquest desire '' , but i would be uncomfortable with recognizing the independence of a country which still has quite a few serious problems concerning its serbian minority , and the fact that even the un does n't feel like it can let it rule its own government/police on its own does n't really inspire any confidence . 
  the new world side, 
   les mendiants ( literally the beggars ) : walnuts , hazelnuts , almonds , dried figs , dried raisins , and dates . 
  we too eat exactly this combination for christmas eve , because it 's lenten and those calissons look delicious !, 
  it 's good nightmare fuel for this sub though `` what if ... they turn out to be double agent !, 
   some diplomacy and old fashioned bureaucratic nonsense can work wonders hahah that 's the first time i 've heard the words bureaucratic nonsense as a positive , you 're certainly right, 
  never really got to ethiopia , though the religion did flow down the nile yes, 
  serbia does not recognize kosovo as an independent country . 
  that was n't part of the brussels agreement . 
  but yes , i too think that this is the only * major * roadblock on the road to accession . 
  i still think that with the way things are going now , i do n't expect anything other than steady progress towards full membership . 
  yule is pagan , still religious though , 
  13 distinct dishes ? 
  like what do you eat, 
  thank you for the wishes mate, 
  and egyptians and ethiopians, 
  please expand on what you mean, 
  but no nations no borders is actually a position of most leftist , socialist , communist movements it 's not like it 's a strawman, 
  hmm i did n't know that , thanks !, 
   yes they are extremely slow not really , at least in my experience . 
  my parents use hola ( yes , i know . ), 
  and it never buffers, 
  the kid is actually one of bashar al assad 's secret agents, 
  djed mraz/ded moroz/father frost is a figure with origins in slavic paganism , subsequently appropriated by christianity , initially * rejected * by communists as a symbol of the bourgeoisie , and only later appropriated as the `` gift-bringer '' figure for secular new year celebrations common in communist europe . 
  to this day , my family exchanges gifts on new year 's day , and treats christmas like an important religious feast . 
  yeah definitely , be the change you want to see in the world and all that . 
  nevertheless , it is pretty established that outside influences and low living standards are what created and keeps alive this mess we find ourselves in . 
  what you or i can do is : not participate in tribalism , call out nationalists , educate whoever is willing to learn and change their ways . 
  i 'm confident we can one day reduce these rivalries to mere jokes like the swedes and danes have done , or like any other `` historical hatreds '' that have long since buried the hatchet and marched intently into the 21st century . 
  nah man do n't worry upanonia is a notorious basement-dwelling nationalist for the rest i totally agree . 
  i am disgusted when i see such low , tribal behavior from my fellow brothers in language . 
  the kind of divisive nationalism he and others from all around serbia croatia and bosnia embody is a mental disease of the poor and unemployed that has n't been eradicated , unfortunately . 
  it 's what should unite all of us normal balkanites , the destruction of that mentality , through the raising of standards and other means , if necessary . 
  i would n't put it beside him/her lmao, 
  bout to go to church on this side of the planet, 
  and also finished off the ethnic cleansing of pristina,
