  linguistically , `` serbo-croatian '' is as alive as ever , people just do n't call it that anymore . 
  usa has already supported many dictators in the past , they have orchestrated coups against democratically elected governments in the past , they support autocratic repressive regimes to this day ( like you said , the saudis ) . 
  american government does n't actually care about `` spreading democracy '' . 
   if a democratic rebellion breaks out in those countries , they 'd obviously help the rebels . 
  citation needed, 
  is orszag '' - land '' ? 
  but like how is serbo-croatian a dead language it was an attempt at centralizing many varieties of a single languages into one standard variety that is n't being attempted anymore , it 's not even in the same category as something that could possibly be a dead language like latin or scythian or something, 
  more like ubo si dvije od tri or something, 
  i think most european languages use at least two words for netherlands , that is one being a literal translation of `` nether-lands '' and the other being a variation of `` holland '' like in french you can say pays-bas or hollande, 
   i 'm so tired of europeans killing each other . 
  you can count yourself lucky for being alive during this century then , and not literally any one before this one, 
  wow that 's a lot of names , pretty charming actually to think of how many peoples lived in the same contiguous empire, 
  on a serious note , it 's always interesting to me how the towns in our region have at least 3 names , german/hungarian/serbocroatian one example i always remember is zemun / \u0417\u0435\u043c\u0443\u043d / zimony/semlin, 
  [ enough ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/df/47/f5/df47f564866bfb318bc38fe6bb55a071.jpg ), 
   you guys can have croatia-slavonia , dalmatia and bosnia , we get the rest . 
  i mean thats how it was for a milleneum [ pic related ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dnvvntx.gif?noredirect ), 
  i really doubt anyone is calling for the scholarship to be discontinued . 
  most i 've heard is taking down the statue , renaming the scholarship or giving more scholarships to students that are from places rhodes helped exploit . 
  yeah haha my reply was more of a joke than anything , seeing as these guys spent inordinately more time doing math than other stuff but i would n't be too surprised to read that newton hated women or something, 
  newton tesla weirdos who did math in their basements usually did n't cause too much trouble, 
  you do n't need to admire someone to take their money, 
  wew lad do n't get your panties in a bunch, 
  lmao you can identify any way you want and `` yugoslav '' or identifying with yugoslavia is as legitimate as identifying with belgium or spain or the usa what happened dude ? 
  what 's your grudge against yugoslavia ? 
  i do n't think the amount of generations separating you from that place should make it less `` important '' , oftentimes very interesting stories and characters can be found in distant generations . 
  besides , this article is more of a way to comment on trump 's immigration policy in a roundabout way ( and diss him sneakily ) than to actually explore his heritage . 
   i really do not get the fuss americans make about their heritage . 
  why do so many people have intense negative feelings about americans being interested in their heritage ? 
  it 's interesting !, 
  it 's fascinating to learn where your ancestors came from !, 
  i enjoy learning about my ancestors myself , so why would i be shocked to learn that americans , who are constantly bombarded with `` this is a country of immigrants '' and `` you have no culture except pizza and guns '' , desire to find out about their roots ? 
  what 's your deal ? 
  if anyone from the former yugoslav region wishes to identify with the country who are you to tell them not to ? 
  i would n't just for security 's sake , but then again many people have been accused and let go after it saddens me that our justice system is so bad at catching the perpetrators of sexual assault that we have to always doubt the verdict, 
  good points , i think i can agree with most of this without contradicting myself except the bits about all planned economies failing and yugoslavia failing the way it failed ( emphasis on the way it failed , not its ultimate demise or change beyond recognition ) being inevitable even without subversion from the exterior ca n't formulate a coherent response right now because it is too late , will try to later, 
  it 's sketchy but i do n't know what you expect the world to do . 
  if he really is guilty then the justice system is fucked up but i ca n't go ahead and assume everyone who 's ever been accused of a crime , and subsequently exonerated/settled out of court is actually guilty . 
  i just checked this article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa_requirements_for_serbian_citizens, 
   on july 14 , 2010 , three months after nguyen made her claims against seagal , the case was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiff without any public explanation yeah i do n't think we can really judge what happened dude, 
   the croats and slovenes had zero desire to be part of it and were the chief actors in breaking it down . 
  first off lmao at you assuming i am a serb . 
  i am ethnically mixed slovene croat serb montenegrin . 
  i am not `` imagining '' anything when i say what i say . 
  the diaspora is always going to have slightly different views and ideas because the people who leave in times of war or before usually have had experiences that are out of the ordinary . 
  croat and serb diasporas are notoriously reactionary and revisionist in their ideas about yugoslavia ( a common fantasy is the one that croatia was coerced into joining and kept in yugoslavia against its will , when the majority of early yugoslavists , huge proportion of partisans , and a very large contingent of the communist leadership were croats , tito was croat/slovene ffs . 
  second only to the fantasy that mladic karadzic arkan etc did nothing wrong , but i digress ) . 
  you want to hear croats and slovene and bosnians who are very pro-yugoslav ? 
  come visit me one day we 'll go see every single member of my extended family , from triglav to vardar and you 'll have some different perspectives . 
  yugoslavia was n't without its problems , but this idea that it was a state where serbs stole from everybody and people were poor and unhappy while belgrade 's streets were paved in gold is incredibly fallacious . 
  if i went to the basement of serbian orthodox church ( outside of serbia ) and asked the regulars what they thought of yugoslavia you 'd get reactionary statements 90 % of the time . 
  is this truth ? 
  you seem to believe anecdotal reports like this so go ahead and visit one , tell me what they tell you . 
  as you 've never lived here , i am going to have to tell you that your anecdotal encounters with some students in leuven ( when was this , out of curiosity ? ), 
  are not at all representative of the true sentiments . 
  cia aggression is absolutely not a conspiracy theory . 
  it is as much a conspiracy theory as saying the nsa spying on the world is a conspiracy theory . 
  google operation northwoods , cointelpro , 9 11 chile , contra cocaine , and start your search from there . 
  i can not believe people still trust the cia in this day and age . 
  it 's hard to combat historical revisionism from nationalists but i do what i can , hopefully you come out of this discussion with a more realistic view of what happened around here . 
  that was an accusation , back in 2010 . 
  not that i do n't believe her , but if the man is still free now i can only assume the justice system did their job and exonerated him . 
  or do you reckon he should be in prison ? 
  no `` they '' `` do n't '' , both terms in quotes because i do n't speak for all serbs and you can blame many factors in such a complex event as a series of civil wars . 
  my opinion is that the war in yugoslavia could have been , if not avoided , a lot less bloody and destructive if the usa and their expansionist interests not gotten involved . 
  had the eu been a federal state with its own army and a decidedly non-expansionist foreign/internal policy been the only forced to get involved in the conflict things could have gone much more smoothly . 
  srebrenica could have been totally prevented , the perpetrators of the genocide stopped and civilians protected , * had * the us govt actually desired peace . 
  i urge you to watch this norwegian documentary on the [ betrayal of srebrenica ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=junbkw2zrty ) . 
  those townspeople were used as pawns in a war controlled by traitors and executed by barbarians . 
  about kosovo , it is a us protectorate , home to its largest military base in the balkans , and the biggest pro-us population you can find in europe . 
  the serb minority was ethnically cleansed out of pristina in 2004 . 
  just the other , edi rama , pm of albania made a comment on his facebook implying desire for a [ `` greater albania '' ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/serbia-alarmed-over-albanian-pm-s-comment ) , and there was no outrage , whereas if vucic had said something like that jets could be flying from a base in hungary or turkey to bomb my grandma 's house or a chinese embassy tomorrow . 
  ( i exaggerate for rhetorical purposes but you get what i mean , it is the land of double standards and simili-democracy over there , and i really wish to see it resolved in my lifetime ) . 
  milosevic was a piece of shit but i would not be surprised at all to learn that he was being paid off by the cia because the wars turned out very well in their interests . 
  why the fuck would i not suppose that the usa tried to destroy our federation if they 've been caught doing * that exact same fucking thing * over and over and over and over in south america central america asia and africa . 
  at one point you lose trust in a government 's claims that they are `` spreading democracy '' and just assume that they are lying . 
  so that 's who i `` blame '', 
  literally wtf are you talking about, 
  let me just clarify this , because this is n't the first time i 've heard this criticism levied against serbia 's fascination with putin : it consists of , as i said before , at least 90 % spite against the usa and nato , * not * some kind of desire to be in any sort of political union with russia . 
  people from europe and america misunderstand this but it 's just good old fashioned * inat * . 
  serbs have also never in their history been in a direct political union with russians , so the distance helps us not hate or fear russia like many of our neighbours and fellow slavic nations do . 
  serbs are , for the most part , well aware that the actual political future of serbia lies within the european union , but a lot of people still harbor ( to some extent justified ) anger and resentment at the usa/nato for the way the conflict in kosovo was and is today managed . 
  this is why you get a pro-eu candidate like vucic will have very high approval ratings and at the same time , putin will come out with higher approval in serbia than in russia . 
  so you see , while it may seem as political schizophrenia to the outsider , it is just a matter of understanding the past few decades of serbian history and the reasoning behind this sentiment becomes clearer . 
  yeah i know but i thought there was something about the early , 19th century settlers that was different from the ones in other parts of the american frontier, 
  a few russians i 've talked to are puzzled by how many serbs like putin too , which i find funny basically : he stands up to the usa and pisses them off , for better or for worse , and serbs by and large still dislike the usa intensely because of the nato bombing of serbia & montenegro , then still called yugoslavia , and the subsequent mess that is kosovo right now, 
  what do you mean , like the gold rushers were crazy ? 
  why did n't the other states in the north american west develop that way ? 
  hitler was person of the year once it is not a straight up honour, 
   so what are some cool perks of serbian citizenship ? 
  no visa to russia or belarus or brazil or cuba , visa on arrival in iran also good cevap, 
  yes he is probably in the top 5 of most popular religious leaders alive in numbers though i 'm sure the pope has a much wider audience in south america , africa , other places where christianity is growing , and europe and america ( his appearances still attract a lot of people , young and old ), 
   tribal mindset that still follows kanun law from middle ages with blood revange and shit . 
  yeah , that happens in certain parts of montenegro too , pretty weird to see such backwardness in the middle of europe . 
  communism was the best thing that ever happened in those rural/less advanced parts , because it almost succeeded in eliminating primitive cultural practices like those . 
  lot of the bullshit like oral laws , blood feuds , resurfaced back to some extent after the 90s . 
  the point is edgy atheism, 
  fair enough , i was commenting on the general `` nobody listens to the pope really '' comment you made, 
  conservatives in the us are mostly protestant therefore do n't care for the pope conservative catholics sure , but even the most leftist of catholics listens to the pope to some extent, 
  i think you underestimate how much catholicism is growing in the global south . 
  just because us europeans are leaving the church behind does n't mean it is dying everywhere in the world .
