  very cool incredible story, 
  than unnecessarily pumping gdp ? 
  literally any way you can think of is better than `` staying globally competitive '' bhutan changed its focus from gdp to gnh , it 's not like you 'd be setting a precedent, 
  lol i know what the guy said get off your high-horse , it 's incredibly fucking petty to say something like that as pm . 
  why so butthurt croatia seriously, 
  i fucking hate petty balkan rivalries getting translated into politics . 
  it 's pathetic and unprofessional . 
  the situation wo n't be fixed at our borders , or croatia 's , or hungary 's . 
  the situation will be fixed when the eu emits * coherent * and * conservative * rules about how the entire european continent + middle-east and northern africa will deal with this . 
  preferably by installing australia style policies . 
  immigration and refugee policies in countries that people actually want to go to , not croatia or serbia or hungary or anything south of germany , are at fault here . 
   petty and vindictive , as serbian politics usually are . 
  lmao says the guy whose pm made childish comments like `` we are le eagle that will eat le fly xd '' a few days ago . 
   but dont you get that your pm hated hungary and now they are bff ? 
  yeah i do , vucic is a typical opportunist politician and eu bootlicker if there ever was any , he will do anything to keep his obedient image towards merkel and the gang while simultaneously trying not to anger anyone in serbia too much . 
  thus the `` european values '' comments and the bussing . 
  serbia still has something to `` prove '' so to speak towards the eu which is why we 're not expressing any desire at protecting our borders ( and europe at large ) , because the eu does n't mind . 
  if we were already in the eu , i bet we 'd have similar attitudes towards the issue as you guys do . 
  yes i am , and more or less , i was very small at the time . 
  reading my passport weirds me out sometimes , referring to me as a royal subject lol, 
  calm down lad i do n't particularly like the multicultural policies of certain european cities but it 's not true to say that it has * no * benefits, 
  lmao i would but this is a europe forum , makes sense for me to use the flair of the european country i was born in, 
  yep, 
   fake back ? 
  or a fake bottom ? 
  lmao why the fuck would legit cargo trucks have fake backs or bottoms, 
  lmao milanovic is a sad , sad person to be making this kind of comment, 
  it 's 7000 kilometers away from me right now , unfortunately : / i 'll try and get a pic of the sword and pictures of him on his horse next time i 'm in belgrade lol, 
   opanak i need to get opanke in my life, 
  yeah , it 's on a wall at my uncle 's house . 
  if there 's one piece of military memorabilia from my family i 'd like to have , it 's that beautiful sabre . 
  you do what you got ta do in those times man , i have family that just continued farming/fishing/mining too haha wwii pretty much everyone i know got mobilized in one of the armies though , people had no other options than to fight you know lmao whenever i think about my family 's military history i get embarrassed because i 'll probably never join any army , i just got a letter from vojska srbije the other day telling me to show up at some base and sign up , i just ignored it ... 
  serbia was fucking badass in the great war , endless respect for all the men who gave their lives for the country in those dark years . 
  my great-grandpa brought a sword on the battlefields too that 's really fucking cool if you ask me, 
  there are other ways of improving lives than constantly increasing a country 's population and augmenting gdp ( stupid metric for progress anyway ) simply replacing every new generation with foreigners is unsustainable, 
  i think most of the time populism is the wrong word to use because a ) it 's become a stupid buzzword at this point b ) demagoguery is a more accurate term . 
  populism ( that is policies that appeal to the people ) is n't bad in and of itself , it 's when you use slimy rhetorical tricks and debase political debate into sport rivalries that it becomes a problem . 
  i think it 's fairly obvious that humans take it a level further besides why are you denying that trashing a cemetary is extremely disrespectful ? 
  it is and always will be , in every human culture around the world , a very bad thing to disrespect the dead . 
  if someone came to your house and spit on your curb or cursed you out would you say `` oh i do n't care this does n't actually mean anything lol '' ? 
   simple `` solutions '' to complex problems while misrepresenting the own stance to gain votes = populism in the sense of a campaign strategy . 
  i know it 's just a flyer and they will necessarily always be simple , but that in combination with the dishonesty to me makes it populism . 
  pretty much every politician is a populist then , with merkel being the biggest one of them all . 
  in other news , water is confirmed as being wet . 
  lmao respect for the dead is one of the first things that separates us from animals, 
   without immigration or labor reforms denmark will only increase output by 1.5 percent a year at the most , skaksen estimates . 
  the central bank painted an even grimmer picture last week forecasting structural growth could be as low as 1 percent a year without a labor force expansion . 
  the horror !, 
  slow growth !, 
  these articles never seem to specify why any country 's goal should be to maximize gdp , it 's always a given . 
  oh you 're probably right , i do n't really follow the ukrainian conflict closely . 
  if every oblast has 56 % ukrainian population at least , then it has 44 % non-ukrainian ( and i 'm guessing mostly russian ) population at most that 's a pretty severe divide if you ask me, 
   according to the 2001 census ( ca n't find a more up to date one , but i do n't see why it would differ much ) every ukrainian oblast 's population consists of at least 56 % ethnic ukrainians or more i do n't see how this is supposed to show that there is n't an ethnic divide in ukraine . 
  or were you supporting the comment you were replying to ? 
  1346 -- 1371 serbian empire strong !!, 
  three southern seas !!, 
  seriously though yugoslavia was the crowning achievement of balkan politics . 
  its economy has been larger than sa 's since 2014 , and all other economic metrics point to it becoming more than the regional power it is now . 
  there are a lot of good articles about [ nigeria 's growth on the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/specialreport/nigeria2015 ) . 
  that 's not to say sa is a weak country but nigeria definitely has huge potential . 
  i do n't know much about each country 's respective militaries so i can not say : /, 
   it should be considered as an important country it already is , it 's basically the biggest player on the african continent right now . 
  also yeah their fertility has been ~ 6.00 for many decades now, 
  exactly , these people do n't understand the intricacies of balkan ethnic hierarchies and relations pretty much everyone will place gypsies below their worst enemy , even serbs or greeks or macedonians would probably put albanians    gypsies not saying it 's a good thing but it 's reality, 
  lot of central asians that come to russia for work as well, 
  yeah in serbia it 's cheap , but i live in canada , where it 's quite a bit more . 
  2 euros a pint ? 
  wow no wonder czechs drink the most beer in the world, 
  are there actually people who never drink except on those days ? 
  and then they go all out and puke everywhere ? 
  seems hard to believe but possible now that you mention it, 
   roms are a problem because they are from a different ethnicity i did n't though . 
  reread the thread, 
  lmao i agree . 
  i 'm not anti-refugee at all though i just think europe should be more cautious about immigration, 
  there 's nothing there though, 
   this is incredibly racist ? 
  where did i say anything mentioning genetics  and i do n't think i want to be friends with you . 
  lmao me neither we 're just talking, 
  ethnicity is a thing my friend , a very real one at that if only what you were saying was true , there would be literally no ethnic conflicts whatsoever, 
  not if you ask them , trust me . 
  and you yourself admitted france has a roma problem ( `` similarly to our rom problem '' ) , why is it so incredible to think that a country with a much higher roma population would have an even bigger roma problem ? 
   i think it really encourages assimilation , because according to civic nationalism , a new citizen is just as american as me , and my family has been here since the 1880s . 
  out of curiosity , where does your family come from originally and what do you consider yourself ? 
  do you still feel any connection to the `` homeland '' or is it just an interesting thing to think about , like huh my family comes from somewhere else ? 
   2/3/4 / 5 generations ago it was a huge french colony lmao yall fucked up big time on that one just kidding lol you 're doing a * relatively * good job on everything regarding the immigrant populations , i personally think it 'd be better if you 'd go harder on the assimilation side of things , but valeurs r\u00e9publicaines et tout . 
  what a great language, 
  it 's a reddit wide epidemic tbh really not isolated here, 
   well , they are still on the first generation , so maybe their kids will be better . 
  but they do n't work , and many have been recruited by terrorists . 
  it 's a shame . 
  you can still do it though !, 
  got ta get em while they 're young but if you 've done it in the past , you can do it now , even though the fact that they 're muslim may be a bit of a roadblock in the road to assimilation . 
  you do things though , i mean even just keeping people from forming ghettos is more than enough . 
  not mentioning your fact that american civic nationalism is everywhere in your country , and less prevalent in western europe . 
  your greatest achievement in assimilation , the creation of `` white people '' from various europeans who did n't really like each other that much back in the old countries , was done through pretty intense assimilation policies though . 
  german being banned in churches and newspapers and things like that, 
   i think we should do much more to help them . 
  i sincerely wish you good luck . 
  romania still has a roma problem to deal with , as do all other eastern european countries , and may not have the same outlook on the refugee issue because of that .
