sad but true politics and morality are two spheres that very rarely overlap, 
  yeah i got tons of anecdotal evidence from my life as well but i was thinking along the lines of studies or books lol, 
  good choice, 
  bosniaks * and serbs in serbia vs serbs in bosnia vs serbs in croatia are not all exactly the same in their views of islam and muslims . 
   wanting to `` preserve their nation '' is a nazi ideology in their eyes . 
  yeah that 's a shame , thing is just importing as many foreigners as they can to replace their dying population is not going to lead to a peaceful future for germany . 
  would be really fucking embarrassing if they started another ww ... 
  lmao romania is fucked, 
  where 'd you move ? 
  yeah that 's actually a very good point . 
  do you know of any further reading on the rise of the middle class correlating with falling brithrates ? 
  the reason i doubt economic incentives alone will work is because i 've talked to germans ( whose birthrates are abysmal as you probably already know ) who tell me that their government has no idea what to do to raise the birthrates and they 're already giving out big economic incentives/tax breaks/parental leave/etc . 
  just like many aspects of the cultures of certain immigrant groups are dysfunctional , so can elements of western culture be dysfunctional and unsustainable in the long run , like the current way people see having children and a family for example . 
  [ i guess the germans could institute a more drastic form of economic benefit , like they had back in those days ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marriage_loan ), 
   imo , there are two aspects to culture - the external ones , like art forms , cuisine , music , and the like , and internal ones - like views on women , homosexuality , etc. 
  you are right !, 
  preserving the surface is a-ok , but the deeper culture needs to completely assimilate into the native culture . 
  money is a thing certainly , but there are plenty of people who are poor as * shit * and have like 7 kids . 
  my great-grandpa was a coal miner and his wife a seamstress ( read : both poor ) and they had 9 kids . 
  my other great-grandpa worked on the railroad and with his wife had 7 kids . 
  as time went on , and as cultural values and expectations changed , their children had 2-3 kids , and those children had 1-2 , and i would not be shocked if my generation in the family ( the wealthiest one so far in this little timeline ) had 0-1 kids . 
  which is why slovakia decided to only take christian refugees , good thinking on their part ? 
  economic incentives are also not enough , you have to fundamentally change the mindset of everyone into thinking `` kids and family = good and honourable '' if you want to see significant long-term changes . 
  right , i guess i gave them the benefit of the doubt because they did say upbringing as well . 
   in the ** 2003 ** article for the morning star newspaper , mr corbyn wrote : `` historians will study with interest the news manipulation of the past 18 months . 
   `` after september 11 , the claims that bin laden and al-qaida had committed the atrocity were quickly and loudly made . 
   `` this was turned into an attack on the taliban and then , subtly , into regime change in afghanistan . '', 
  it 's not that it 's been debunked ( because it 's not false , per se ) it 's just that people represent it as some kind of horrible conspiracy where bosses decide to pay women less for the same job ( `` oh you 're a woman ? 
  hehe 20 cents less per hour '' is not something that happens ) when it 's not it 's an average ( not even a median afaik just a plain old average ) . 
  when you take an average of all female earnings they do make considerably less than than the average of all male earnings . 
  of course , this makes it much harder to blame the discrepancy entirely on discrimination , which is why many decide to misrepresent the stat . 
  weird names never heard of em before, 
  if you took one person from a muslim/middle-eastern background and raised him 100 % as a german , then no shit he 'll be as german as anybody else . 
  * however * it 's foolish to think that that is how it works right now . 
  an immigrant 's family , neighboorhood , koran-school , mosque , etc. 
  are all foreign elements that effectively create a bubble and isolate them from the native society . 
  but if you just want to think it 's le evil racist biological essentialism to say that by all means do just that, 
  not enough = / = need more big difference between stable population and ever decreasing, 
  wow that 's fucked up . 
  bad planning on the part of education ministers . 
  pointless to put them up as a dichotomy , religious and non-religious philosophical thought intermingle to a very high degree . 
  yeah , but i do n't know how else they could study this correlation , aside from analyzing crime stats . 
   my dad works at the u.n so as a kid i had to move a lot and went to international schools . 
  in all these places , racism was virtually non existent . 
  the un and the international schools diplomats send their children to is not representative of day-to-day relations between human groups . 
  relatively well-off and well-educated muslims and jews ( like i assume your parents are ) have a lot less tension between them compared to the mass of jews and the mass of arab muslims in the levant . 
   my neighborhood is just fine , as are 99 % of other neighborhoods with diversity . 
  you ca n't extrapolate your anecdote to represent reality as a whole , here 's another anecdote : malmo sweden has one of the highest immigrant populations in western europe , and it 's not rare to hear bombs and grenades going off as rival immigrant gangs fight over turf . 
  here 's another source , quite a bit less anecdotal , on how diversity in neighborhoods diminishes social trust . 
  [ link ] ( http://politicalscience.ku.dk/staff/academic_staff/?pure=files%2f130251172%2fdinesen_s_nderskov_ethnic_diversity_and_social_trust_forthcoming_asr.pdf ) 1 economic migrants should have no need to lie about their origins if they 're using proper immigration channels , because emotions should not come into play . 
  europe ( and any other country that is attractive to immigrants ) should only pick the best and the brightest people who want to come . 
  refugees are a whole other issue . 
  2 agree , intensive ( not violent but very serious and comprehensive ) assimilation policies have to be put in place , even for the descendants of immigrants . 
  if after 3 generations descendants of immigrants still feel like they are n't 100 % french/british/german / swedish they have utterly failed and need to stop letting immigrants in . 
  it 's not even a question of violent extremism , most big differences need to be stamped out . 
  case in point : fgm is absolutely not an extremist view in certain regions of the world . 
  3 so you do admit that tensions do rise between ethno-religious groups , that multiculturalism does have problems ? 
  4 damn i agree once again, 
  well we do n't deserve it as you say , but neither do we deserve most things we 're dealt at the beginning of our lives , we just have to deal with it , be they good or bad . 
  i just think that mass immigration is not the way to go if we want to share our success . 
   how one has to choose between religion and philosophy though what kind of religion do you guys have in hamburg that does n't let you combine philosophical studies with religion ? 
  no , but there are already processes in place that allow people who are safe but want better lives to come to europe . 
  that process does * not * include smuggling yourself across 10 countries and a sea . 
  europe is a not a charity , and we 'll end up compromising the entire continent 's stability and happiness if you just let anyone come if they want to . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime#europe i know it 's wiki but all the studies referred to are linked in the references section at the bottom . 
  just click on a number in the text and it 'll lead you to a source . 
  used in vojvodina mostly i assume ? 
  that would be the informal use of the word , just like the informal use of `` literally '' adds emphasis while still being figurative . 
  religious and cultural traditions often concresce and become interchangeable terms too, 
   anarchism-heavy subset . 
  not necessarily he 's just talking about revolutionary rhetoric in ( even statist ) marxism and its related ideologies , which is always present to some degree, 
   fascist fascist is not a synonym for authoritarian or repressive , * please * refrain from calling things fascist if they have nothing to do with the actual political movement called fascism, 
  http://www.rt.com/news/315589-razor-wire-hungary-germany/ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/09/24/berlin-company-razor-wire-hungary_n_8189304.html http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/migrant-crisis-german-company-refuses-sell-razor-wire-hungary-anti-refugee-fence-1520030 http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/france-hungary-refugee-fence-fit-animals-150831062042118.html, 
  did n't you hear the news , borders are a intolerant idea and only reactionary scum believe in them . 
  lmao imagine how the russians would react, 
   nowadays you 're all `` european '' and count the french and romanians as the same . 
  lmao just because some bureaucrat in belgium says that does n't mean it 's how reality works try having a million europeans from one country move en masse to any other country in europe . 
  the further the countries are the bigger the backlash , yes , but it 's foolish to think that everyone is actually `` united in diversity '' . 
  europe always was and still is very heterogeneous . 
   this submission is fascist how to make words meaningless, 
  true they really do have a better approach to certain things, 
  japan takes like 10 refugees a year and lets some people who are very high-value ( professors/foreign experts ) come work in japan, 
  i agree but all this could have been resolves in a much more diplomatic manner , without balkan bullshit rivalries . 
  lmao i caught that immediately , such transparent bullshit, 
  funny you say this but the chinese already got the market cornered ( even though hungary wanted to buy from a german company first , who refused on the grounds of humanitarianism/european solidarity ! ), 
  well i write from the pov of a diaspora mixed yugoslav born in serbia, 
  lmao sorry if i offended but its a crime against pizza, 
  do you guys also have the heretic `` ketchup on pizza '' fucks, 
  lmao so could you guys heck everyone south of slovenia could mass exodus to germany for gibs, 
  well yeah but it is a benefit also sometimes you can actually help people who are heavily struggling in their own countries and still make sure they do n't overtake the natives ( when you have a sensible and conservative immigration set of policies ), 
  idk people try to teach it in a simple way , and end up misrepresenting princip as a terrorist ( which he was n't ), 
  lmao food is a big one though it is prosaic, 
  yeah i caught the sarcasm dont worry but its actually the way it 's told in schools, 
  i always hated that stupid way of presenting the situation when people talked about the war in school, 
  hahaha unless you really really like balkan history and politics i do n't think you 'd know about the chinese embassy incident, 
  i sincerely hope nobody cares enough to get mad at * that * . 
  afaik no country with a black flag exists but that 's an option for all the anarchists here . 
  i do n't really hide where i live either so if anyone wants to know they 'll know, 
  hopefully , i mean vucic used to be pretty bad too but he 's changed his public image drastically which is part of the reason of his success . 
  i 'd say serbia fought for ideals , more or less .
