  where are the women and children then ? 
  they are n't fleeing if they can leave their women and children safely back home, 
   proto-state many things can be said about rome , not that though, 
  why are refugees not allowed to apply for eu asylum at the eu embassies in countries they are already displaced to ( turkey/lebanon/jordan ) ?? 
  people are always saying `` yes they 'll become minorities '' `` no they wo n't '' `` yes '' `` no '' ad infinitum , but is there an actual statistical study/proof of either ? 
   that 's how assimilation is supposed to work . 
  yeah , and they still have huge problems with racism , even when they 're doing things to promote american civil nationalism you guys would n't dream of doing . 
   please ? 
  not likely lmao, 
  best way to realize whiteness is a bullshit idea is to spend five minutes reading a `` are x group white ? '', 
  thread on / pol /, 
   i do n't think historical materialism really works , and i do n't think societies progress linearly through these kind of stages of evolution that marx proposed . 
  haha i may have slightly misrepresented my position by jumping at his defense but i 'm not really a marxist by any definition , disagree with a lot of the ideas , but the man was definitely an intellectual juggernaut and his ideas have influenced such a wide array of people and historical developments that i think he deserves at least the benefit of the doubt from everyone who reads him . 
   i also believe modern capitalism is far more complex and efficient than anything marx envisioned . 
  oh absolutely !, 
  i mean marx knew that capitalism would evolve into something very different from what he experienced in 19th century germany and have socioeconomic implications that are quite different in scale/effect . 
  well maybe it 's time for the * president of the european commission * to not be an idiot then ? 
  juncker is not some fuck complaining in a pub he 's a politician and represents the body that 's supposed to do something about this . 
   why is it never able to stand up against these evil foreigners ? 
  it was , for a pretty long time , but like any war , you have winners and losers . 
  which is what i 'm trying to say , the winner in a war is n't automatically the best one , it just means they won that war . 
  aside from that , all systems fail at some point , some faster than others , some slower than others . 
  not accusing you personally of this , but it 's pretty ignorant to assume that capitalism is the `` default state '' of human socioeconomic organization , actually it reveals some pretty serious ignorance about what capitalism means . 
  fundamentally i believe many of the ideas that marx advanced are crucial in order for humanity to enter the `` next step '' so to speak , just like capitalism/republicanism/etc was the much needed `` next step '' from feudalism/monarchism/etc , and that they are n't going to disappear . 
  yugoslavia was a very successful socialist country whose downfall was caused by reasons completely unrelated to the doctrines of marxism it espoused . 
  this is not surprising , seeing as the usa did not object to its existence . 
  democratic socialism is still a very potent force in politics all around the world . 
  there was an incredible number of very promising socialist/democratic socialist/communist government that your country 's government squashed by any means necessary ( propping up dictators , funding groups that would turn against the usa later on , [ and so on ] ( http://knowmore.washingtonpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/1392107389997.jpg ) ) in order to maintain its sphere of influence . 
  it 's foolish to think socialism was proven wring and that it failed organically . 
  the real world was n't a sterile laboratory where everyone peacefully waited to see if the socialist experiment would work out , powerful interests did all they could to destroy it . 
  rod prastari svi smo , a goti mi nismo , slavenstva smo drevnoga \u010cest who cares about nazi scum lies, 
   and i 'm not sure that marxism is good to point to , anywhere that has tried it on a large scale has turned into both an ecological and humanitarian disaster . 
  marxism is not really a political system per se , like monarchism or republicanism , and it was never `` tried '' because it 's an ideology and more of a set of goals/a framework than a step-by-step program , there is incredible diversity within leftist political movements that were inspired by marxism and no , those absolutely did n't all turn into an ecological and humanitarian disaster everywhere they appeared . 
  do n't really want to get into this debate right now though so i respect your different , albeit american-biased , viewpoint . 
  it 's still worrying man i think it 's possible to look at a post like this , express a skeptic position on immigration , and not regress to `` the immigrants are invading !, 
  ! 1 '' level shrieking . 
  nah when you put them together you get what is called a debate and that 's pretty good, 
  np man i was surprised no one made the mistake earlier, 
  technically it is also very easy to colonize mars buy rockets buy equipment for constructing cities put competent colonists on the rockets fly to mars tada, 
  * slavonia * , not slovenia . 
  slavonia is the weird-looking northeastern part that juts out from croatia and borders serbia , and if the hungarians actually lock down their borders , it 's where they 'll probably have to pass through to get to vienna/munchen/etc . 
  not only is it pretty [ dangerous ] ( http://www.envsec.org/maps/landmines.jpg ) , they 're going to have to pass another regulated border ( slovenia 's ) to get to austria . 
  capitalism is still capitalism even if the gov ' t regulates it , and the core issues marxism has with capitalism still remain even if the government takes a 50 % cut of the profit . 
   liberal left what does this mean exactly ? 
  like your run-of-the-mill average person that votes for the socialist party and thinks the most pressing issue of their generation is gay marriage ? 
  sweden takes it a step further though, 
  came again after they were kicked out more precisely https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edict_of_expulsion, 
   some silly hindus send flaming balloons up over residential areas during their festivals . 
  this is something that can be tolerated lol, 
   tldr : sikhs arrive , save the industry then integrate so well their kids want to go off to fancy universities and big cities just like what happened with the locals kids . 
  leading to the industry being in trouble again . 
  great story , but on another note , this is something i do n't understand : a major argument of the pro-immigration side is that more immigrants will help raise birthrates because in their cultures people have a lot of children . 
  but if the immigrants assimilate entirely into the host culture , they 'll stop having as many children , so either you do n't plan on assimilating them or it 's just not an argument . 
  sikhs are fucking great, 
  i think thelocal is as left as it gets ( correct me if wrong ) so this is n't nazi propaganda, 
   rampant xenophobia and misinformation are the most dangerous things this crisis has caused . 
  it 's terrifying to see the reaction of europe . 
  feels like going back to the middle-ages . 
  it wo n't get better . 
  the reason it feels like the middle ages is because it 's innate human behavior . 
   portugal  white / s because reurope doesnt get jokes, 
  seconding this lot of my family is from there and it 's so nice, 
   syrian refugee ircs ... go on, 
   you responded to someone who was discussing the bbc and so the uk predominantly . 
  ah , well , my bad . 
  as i said , i was talking about europe in general . 
   actually no , whilst they did n't get many seats they were the third largest party in regards to votes and the largest party is also anti-immigration . 
  that 's great , but all other parties are pro-immigration to a certain extent , right ? 
  serbia 's right-wing is quite unique in its perception of refugees , even my most rabidly pro-putin serbian right-wing friend is quite sympathetic to them, 
  how are president and pm allowed to openly contradict each other though, 
  fucker needs to be taught that goti mi nismo . 
  haha thank you for this unexpected laugh, 
  i am willing to bet my left arm that the vast majority of these people caught in this theft gang are gypsies . 
  the uk is quite different from the rest of the continent ( sorry man i 'm on mobile ca n't give you citations but i can dig up some sources later this evening ) , i was thinking specifically of sweden when i was writing this but there was a pew study about the political affiliations of major newspapers in europe/na , and it supports my statement . 
  every country in europe has a significant centrist/left/far-left parties that are quite pro-immigration in all forms , that 's undeniable . 
  ukip may be gaining followers , but they are pretty small compared to all the others parties that are n't opposed to it , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i 'm generally anti-immigration and i do n't hate economic migrants , am not opposed to welcoming refugees ( from unhcr camps ) . 
  fun fact one of my ancestors ( not direct though ) came to portugal from croatia and became colonial governor of cabo verde pretty cool, 
   when organized gangs from say romania ( just an example because of your flag ) come to germany to steal bicycles ( including mine ) jeez gypsies really go to germany as a group and steal ? 
  wtf sucks for romanians though they get a bad name out of it, 
  if you want a non-conspiracy answer , a lot of the media has lofty political ideas about multiculturalism ( i know it 's a meme at this point but journalists are often disproportionately leftists compared to the rest of the population ) and european govt 's almost all have significant numbers of strongly anti-nationalist far left parties . 
  combine this with the fact that massive corporations are pro-mass immigration and that the european comission does not particularly believe in keeping europe a group of sovereign , homogenous nation-states ( google peter sutherland migration ) , you get * this * . 
   hungarian government considers serbia as `` safe country '' for the immigrants they 're not wrong but holy fucking shit ... unless the migrants start walking over minefields in slavonia to get to germany , there is no chance serbia is going to be able to handle it, 
  how does an anarchist admire a country where the state is absolutely massive , news are heavily skewed to one side , and major issues are literally ignored because they make people uncomfortable to talk about ? 
  genuine question, 
  read his flair, 
   sweden definitely does not discriminate in that sense which means it takes people in regardless of education or literacy , and in addition it bends over backwards to offer all services and translators in immigrants ' native languages . 
  absolutely senseless ... what 's wrong with a points system/making them learn swedish ? 
  not that strange when you take into account modern german political zeitgeist and merkel 's positions, 
  plenty of good men have died for much worse causes , i would n't doubt the will of most europeans to squash isis if need be . 
  just need to get the ol' propaganda machine rolling at maximum speed . 
  beautiful !, 
  i love it when people like you embarass themselves and their entire positions by only reacting with the worst strawmen of all time ( lol when did i mention jobs ? 
  even though it would n't be a terrible point to mention , a lot of the eu has terrible unemployment ) to valid questions and doubts . 
   things are too complex for you to understand . 
  wow you sure shut me up with that smugness buddy once again , tell me why are n't they applying for asylum there if they 're fleeing war zones and not shopping for the best country if you 're so smart, 
  let me just ask something how was strache not lynched for saying `` mehr mut f\u00fcr unser wiener blut '' in 2010 ? 
  is austria not affected by the same guilt and thoroughly denazified like germany ? 
  since when is nord-pas-de-calais a war zone ? 
  or literally any part of europe they 've crossed to get to the uk/germany/sweden ?
