  transylvania did n't do shit also stop the stupid fucking nazi accusations, 
  and what experience would that be , pray tell ? 
   i do n't think it 's fair to deny such benefits for a social issue like that , especially considering the way we were governed for a long time , the old population , etc. 
  what do you mean ? 
  and yeah in my experience too serbs mostly do n't care/don ' t agree on religious grounds but are n't really adamant about it, 
  spd + die linke is n't something i would like to see tbh , but germans can do whatever they want, 
   habloshits what is this ? 
   religion . 
  it was n't a `` my god is better than yours '' fight if that 's what you 're implying . 
   cruel , but effective . 
  this is the only way to effectively assimilate ( keyword here , assimilate . 
  your german predecessors were assimilated into white american identity ) a foreign group is to do things that are , for all intents and purposes , oppressive and coercive . 
  there is literally no way around it , especially when you get to large-scale migrations the likes of which europe is seeing . 
   kkk stood in the back of the local lutheran church and made sure the service was conducted in english . 
  that 's crazy  it will be interesting to watch western europe evolve as tens of millions of unintegrated immigrants transform it . 
  that 's undeniable . 
  civil wars are definitely something to expect in a 100 years if nothing changes . 
  why ? 
  how ?? 
  is there no opposition ? 
  is she a great chancellor ? 
  i have to admit that i know close to nothing on that topic , but to muslims it 's irrelevant . 
  mohammed is real in islam and always will be . 
  did she ? 
  sound quality is terrible . 
  still a wild cussing, 
  i mean , what else would you expect from someone from syria who can afford a 11 000 $ expense and had the idea of making a reddit ama . 
  this guy is probably much more modern than most syrians . 
   expecting to get a response he disagrees with eh hopefully he was asking the question genuinely wanting to know how he felt but who knows same thing with the flag/holy book thing as a sidenote , i checked out the guy 's ama and he 's pretty cool nothing to worry about there , someone even asked him very similar questions to the ones ganyemede did and he said he was entirely fine with western customs in germany that are n't common in syria and all, 
   extremely unfair and biased question how is it unfair and biased, 
  at a large scale though you absolutely do want assimilation , especially at the numbers of muslim immigrants germany can expect in the next few years assimilation into germanhood or death of the stable german society are the only two options at this scale i also really do n't understand this `` oh european monocultures , so dull , immigrants are only source of worthwhile and vibrant culture '' meme . 
  it 's creepy , sounds masochistic and `` white guilt '' as fuck please stop it . 
  you can have kebab stands without importing millions of foreigners and not having any assimilation policies . 
  jesus fucking christ i can not actually believe i have to argue with multiple people about the english being an ethnic group i mean i get it you probably do n't like the idea of nation-states and borders and stuff but come on you ca n't deny ethnic groups exist and that the english are one, 
  also known as an apostate in islam, 
   then again science is n't a religion it is an education . 
  yeah exactly i do n't understand the point you were trying to make here science was heavily financed and promoted in even the most religious periods in europe/middle-east , religion and ideology has nothing to do with a method of gathering data and parsing information from it . 
  like mixed ? 
  one parent english the other something else ? 
   brown & black britons would be english by this definition . 
  would they ? 
  i mean that 's pretty the crux of any rational immigration-skeptic argument that addresses assimilation/integration , would ethnically african , black , pakistani , etc. 
  british citizens ( immigrants and their descendants ) actually consider themselves as britons before anything else ? 
  do they identify to the core as brits or as [ their respective ancestral ethnicity or religion ] living in britain ? 
  this issue is quite present within muslim immigrant populations in countries like france , many of which will place their islam before their nationality in terms of what they identify with more . 
  i do n't , and neither does anyone i 've heard express immigration-skeptic views on this sub , disagree with the unesco statement you quote * per se * . 
  the only thing that quote is addressing is the falsity of biological essentialism when it comes to cultural differences , it actually reinforces the idea of ethnic groups being a quite tangible political/social force . 
  i just think it 's utopic to think that you can just plop down a few million people from various ethnic groups into england/scotland/ireland , and expect them to `` become british '' after a generation , when there are plenty of factors which are keeping that from happening . 
  one of those factors is that most western european states are nation-states , not immigrant lands like the usa or australia . 
  p.s. , even the wiki definition ( or any credible one i 've ever heard ) does n't deny that ancestry is definitely an important element of ethnicity , see for yourself :  an ethnic group or ethnicity is a socially defined category of people who identify with each other based on common ** ancestral ** , social , cultural or national experience . 
   `` us against them '' mentality also known as default human instinct , unfortunately, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_people `` the english are a nation and ethnic group native to england '' literally first sentence of wikipedia or is wiki a den of vile racism and bigotry ? 
  yeah i mean my parents and grandparents can go off and do some pretty creative cussing but this baba is next-level, 
  you ca n't , because english is an ethnicity . 
  if you 're an ethnic minority in the land where the english ethnicity is a majority , then you are n't english . 
   all culturally english i * guarantee * you , if your population ever gets to 25 % english , you wo n't see them be culturally english . 
  there is literally no incentive to do so when a foreign people becomes the dominant one in a ( formerly ) nation-state . 
  `` fuck your dog in its bloody pussy , and your mother and your child and your dead son in his casket '' crazy baba man, 
  austrian dessert ( schneenockerln ) made of meringue and custard cream , afaik pretty popular in slovenia/parts of serbia and croatia . 
  my slovenian grandma makes it often so it reminds me of slovenia lol, 
  hilarious when babas switches from cute old lady to angry sailor mode in 1.3 seconds, 
  wtf this baba is fucking wild, 
  y' all have burek and rakija ? 
  i thought slovenes were about that wine and \u0161nenokle life, 
  so anarchism = never criticizing refugees ? 
  amazing, 
  among other things yes you are correct , but i 'd be willing to bet cultures that have many children do it because of societal expectations , shame/guilt mechanisms , and religious pressures . 
  and what is the conclusion then , attain solid social security and low infant mortality = resign your country to have to lean on the importation of foreign labor/people to not die out ? 
  i ca n't help but doubt that economics are the only reason , seeing as economic incentives are n't doing shit to fix birthrates . 
   abolition of bulls once and for all abolition of corrida ? 
   germans wo n't do shit until it 's already too late . 
  this is what i 'm most worried about, 
   never this does n't worry you ? 
  you 're comfortable with a parallel society living in germany that does n't consider itself german ? 
   anyone would say he 's british now that 's great !, 
  i truly wish that you succeed in doing the same with all the various peoples coming to the uk . 
  the current wave of syrian refugees is n't going to change demographics , yes , but the principle of letting in anyone who 's poor and wants to come could easily make you minorities in your own nation-states . 
  your capital is already a place where the british are a minority . 
  it 's called religion we had it for a while , and we had just as many babies as the currently religious nations do, 
  very interesting , is the muslim community in belgium well adjusted/integrated ? 
  where do they hail from , north africa , sub-saharan africa ? 
  do you get a lot of people from the congo ? 
   we already have a 25 % + muslim capital . 
  i thought belgium was one of the countries that was least into multiculturalism, 
  they 're usually so ugly though , at least contemporary ones . 
  link ? 
  you 're trying to convince a neonazi about something on the basis of human rights ... it wo n't work, 
  dude so interesting you mention because it 's the * exact * opposite in my experiences with the yugo diaspora . 
  saying `` on je na\u0161 '' basically means he/she is yugo , without delving into political games and nationalisms . 
  also when we hear someone speak the language , we say `` pri\u010daju na\u0161i '' and not serbian or croatian or serbocroation or etc, 
  ca sent le fir ? 
  le if ? 
  its a joke man, 
  numbers of who ? 
  people who want a better life in eu ? 
  it 's not that . 
  their desire is understandable , but they should all be viewed as migrants and not refugees , and they should be allowed to apply for immigration but only through proper channels . 
  no quota bs, 
  lol just checking, 
  so you agree they 're shopping for the best country to get asylum in ?
