  we may have `` hated '' stalin and the ussr but there was no propaganda campaign against the russian people themselves afaik . 
  and if there was it did n't work because i 've never heard of serb nationalists disliking russia . 
  sike you could read some opposition points in yugoslavia ( it was n't a stalinist country ), 
  no , let 's start it !, 
  imperial powers are to blame . 
  princip = yugoslav hero, 
  he sounds like he improvises all of his speeches, 
  vu\u010di\u0107 : greatest funambulist of europe, 
  ... and we 're stronger divided like we are now ? 
  ignoring russia for a moment , yes we are much stronger when we do n't hate each other and are n't merely corrupt little vassal countries to great powers, 
  my pleasure slavbro, 
  you kid but this is what will happen, 
  i was told americans clapped, 
  very very american view of europe really great 8/10 would read again, 
   neoliberal left policies  neoliberal  left  more soviet than soviet, 
  i was n't talking about this issue in particular but the general trend of taking what rt/sputnik/etc . 
  say as the paragon of objective reporting . 
  personally i 'm pretty sure the accusations against erdogan are at least in part true . 
  literally the same thing happens on the other side of the fence though . 
  i am sick and fucking tired of everyone i know hanging off of the russian state media 's every word , people do not give a fuck about facts once they get emotionally attached to stupid , dick-measuring , `` my country is better than yours '' chauvinistic bs . 
  i do n't even dislike russia for the most part but holy shit watching people get willingly brainwashed by white propaganda is very bad, 
  i m p e r i a l i s m, 
  right ? 
  wtf happened for all this attention towards balkans, 
  nice flair, 
  le burn center list xd, 
  serbia is becoming the pro-european serbia montenegro is coastal serbia ( lmao ), 
  alright , guess we agree then !, 
  have a good day, 
  ok but that 's not surprising , that people do n't complain when somehting is in their favor . 
  i do n't really see how that is an arguemnt against removing all foreign judges . 
  would you support removing all foreign influence from bosnia 's courts ? 
  i do n't really follow bosnian politics , i just took umbrage at the idea that foreign , european-appointed judges should form an integral part of bosnia 's government . 
  harkens back to the days of western and eastern imperialism on our lands . 
  i do n't see why it 's relevant to point out what serb politicians in bosnia want , as if i 'd agree with them on the basis on ethnicity ( worse , on the basis of flair because flair = / = ethnicity ), 
  it 's the basic principle of self-determination that he is talking about . 
  bosnians do not want a semi-colonial institution in their government . 
  yeah though that task ( full knowledge of biblical texts ) was pretty much always a responsibility of the clergy , until the protestant reformation challenged that paradigm . 
  until then ( and to this day in non-protestant churches ) nobody really even expects you to know the bible by heart ( unlike the koran for example , where certain sourat ( ? ), 
  have to be learned by heart ) . 
  thanks for the recommendation !, 
  holy shit how come i 've never heard about this , you got a place where i can read more about it ? 
  hahaha this is amazing thank you, 
  yes , i 've heard of that . 
  for some reason albania has had a really hard time with establishing borders that respect the territory on which albanians live , i wonder why ? 
  congratulations on ridding yourselves of the ottoman yoke !, 
  afaik , you 've had similar issues in chechnya/the caucasus , yes ? 
  how is the region holding up now , especially after the horrendous acts of terrorism that have happened in the past ( the school massacre in beslan being pretty much the worst terrorist act i 've heard of ) ? 
  wow , this hits hard . 
  saudi funded wahhabism is the biggest ideological * scourge * on the planet at the moment , extremists like these would not even have been allowed in the country by the normal muslim population of bosnia before the war fucked everything up . 
  it was never this bad until the saudis came to `` help '' after the war . 
  this is pure imperialism and must be stopped . 
  honestly , i was n't alive during the ottoman period but i 'd bet it was never this extreme even back then . 
  fuck austerity, 
  not necessarily , not in most cases, 
  i assume the sun is a tabloid ? 
  yeah their rhetoric being simplistic does n't surprise me . 
  i was really only referring to the poll in and of itself . 
   feels a touch iffy morally , but we do it to far less deserving people , so i 'm hardly gon na argue in their favour . 
  it honestly is n't even a little iffy : we have concrete proof of the saudi state and its tributaries spreading wahhabism to the most vulnerable muslim populations on the planet through nefarious means ( charities and mosques ) . 
  if we are to actually attack islamic extremism at its root , as has been the common buzzphrase for the past few weeks , we * really * need to do this across the entire eu ( preferably everywhere on earth but this is r/europe ) . 
  i am aware that this is impossible but it is the only thing we can do that wo n't be like trying to kill the islamist hydra by cutting of its heads ( arresting terrorists , funding language courses , etc. 
  the french are very proud of their literary/historical/political heritage, 
   comes from misrepresenting the question i read ( ok i skimmed it ) the article the person who was involved in making the poll wrote denouncing the sun and i still do n't understand the misinterpretation , basically they said `` well what does sympathize actually mean though ? 
  '' , yes ? 
  does n't seem like a massive misinterpretation of their data . 
  if the question was asked using the word `` sympathize '' well then i expect 99 % of everyone to say they do n't . 
   it 's exactly the sort of thing that is far more changeable over years and generations of exposure to western culture . 
  which is why it is imperative to not let any immigrant groups coalesce into insular , ideological bubbles . 
  diffusion of our ideology can work but only if the immigrant groups are actually exposed to it 24/7 . 
  first order of business would be to ban all saudi funded mosques , madrasas , and imams on european soil . 
  nicely put, 
  so everyone, 
  you understimate how much capitalism still undermines the second and third world . 
  \u017di\u017eek is a marxist so it 's always implicit what solution he is suggesting . 
  charity and ngos are a * farce * when faced with the monster that is capitalist and imperialist exploitation in the third world . 
  this is actually pretty cool . 
  i never really understood why so many europeans dislike it when americans talk about their heritage . 
  yeah the whole `` 1/32 cherokee '' thing can get annoying but there 's nothing wrong in being happy to learn more about your grandparents ' origins . 
  interesting article , but i 'm surprised that i 've never heard about this or the whole `` balkans are sexually deviant '' sentiment . 
  i guess i 'd have to read this guy 's book for more sources . 
  do n't expect consistency from people who look at geopolitics through the lens of rights and principles, 
  if we are past the age of conquest , then what age are we in ? 
  the age of self-determination ( at least according to the un ) ? 
  if so , then your argument about crimea being legitimately part of ukraine does n't make sense because it 's not based on that principle . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if we held a legitimate referendum in crimea , the result still would have been the same , the majority would have decided to join russia . 
   ljudi sa granice - sve lopovi i ubice sounds nice but the sentiment is n't very nice haha, 
  what language is that in ? 
   certainly not current state policy because it would be like declaring an open casus belli to say that openly does n't change the fact that among others , important elements of the turkish and saudi states are * at least * complicit in the financing arming and training of isis , if not directly helping them through covert means . 
  * especially * for the latter state , which has proven time and time again to use `` charity '' and `` foundations '' to spread wahhabism . 
  very , very good . 
  * which * southeastern european leaders ? 
  it 's all the same anyway, 
  great post , appreciate you sharing this video, 
  yes but how is making an alliance with egypt relevant towards syria 's internal issues ? 
  all i wanted was to say was you overestimate the west 's foreign policy 's `` morality '' so to speak case in point : long standing saudi alliance, 
   it would show that despite all the talks about human rights and protecting muslims in the west from discrimination when push comes to shove the west really has no problem allying itself with even the bloodiest middle-east tyrants ... would show ? 
  would ? 
  pray tell where have you been for the past 200 years, 
  you do know that even slavs are n't * indigenous * indigenous to europe ?
