  genuinely curious, 
  dude i think you misunderstood what i was trying to say i 'm not blaming immigrants for our low birth rates wtf that would be insane i 'm saying that the current solution the eu has devised for our low birth rates ( and yes we should ourselves in the mirror for a very long time regarding that issue ) , namely accepting pretty much all and every immigrant that tries to come to europe is a bad idea , because it could lead to us disappearing in the long term . 
  i am really shocked at how controversial this opinion is it 's not like this shit has never happened in the history of mankind , populations have disappeared because a competing population with a much higher birth rate came en masse and completely displaced them . 
  the eu is not innocent in this either , and this is not a conspiracy theory look at the top comment in this thread https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ek36g/hungarys_orban_sees_illegal_immigration_from_the/ctfqpl5, 
  it 's immoral to oppose all immigration because you emigrated there too at some point . 
  it 's not a reason to oppose illegal immigration i agree that 's kind of stupid, 
  which point would that be ? 
  i have to admit i am not too familiar with orban except for a cursory google search so i do n't know why you 're reacting like he 's adolf ii but ok that 's your opinion man, 
  immigrants are coming to europe europeans are not making lots of babies immigrants are making quite a lot of babies compared to europeans african demographics show that africans are making a lot of babies , and their economies dont seem to be growing fast enough to keep them all interested in staying in africa we can reasonably expect that africans are going to do the same thing they are doing right now , which is go to a country that offers a pretty stable economy and welcomes them with open arms regardless of whether they came legally or not this all results in european population declining , while immigrant population climbs this is n't going to happen tomorrow but it will be happening because it is happening hope i cleared myself up , truly sorry if i was difficult to understand at first, 
  hitler 's logic was far more mischievous and rabid , and he was n't supported by several current moderate heads of state who also agree that multiculturalism has failed . 
  orban is n't out to cleanse europe of degenerates , there is no need to worry . 
  the intimidation tactic of calling all questioning of immigration policies racist and nazi is getting very old . 
  i am having trouble understanding your comment , but i was just trying to say how the context is completely different in america/in europe . 
   and yes , what the retards in america do n't realize when they make snarky comments about `` europeans were the illegals , man '' it completely neglects how shittily that worked out for the natives and that it is not a desirable sequence of events . 
  could you please reformulate ? 
  let me copy paste the relevant explanation from my previous comment  ( d ) is self-imposed due to developments in european society , and ( e ) may not be happening by force and rather by complacence/mala fides from the part of the un  in the end , the result of genocide may very well happen because of the presence of these two factors in europe right now . 
  this concern only gets reinforced when one looks at demographic projections for europe and africa . 
  we 're at a tough crossroads . 
  it 'd do you good to learn to disagree without downvoting as well, 
  i was mocking your logical fallacy . 
  orban is anti-immigration , and you jump to point out that hitler was too . 
  yes and ? 
  are we supposed to be on the polar opposite of every single position that existed in nazi germany , like bans on smoking for example ? 
  have n't heard orban saying anything about killing jews , homosexuals , handicapped people , gypsies , serbs , etc. 
  ... to be fair it 's not actually your indigenous homeland , like europe is . 
  who was asking about whether immigration is an existential threat , i suggest you look at the history of native americans . 
   barcelona city council removes bust of king juan charlos from chamber . 
  this started a wave of removing monarchy symbols in many other cities that are now ruled by the new parties . 
  english is there a new wave of republicanism i have n't heard about ? 
  fantastic share , so many good points . 
  `` now i will sound like a right-winger , but what do i care ? '', 
  a little something everyone should take to heart, 
   i think the problem is nationalism at national level , not an attempt to create a borg state . 
  interesting , could you expand ? 
  what is a borg state ? 
  honest questions, 
   this subreddit has sure moved to the right in matters of immigration ftfy but yeah it 's an accurate observation , and i think it 's kind of to be expected , what with refugee crises , general discontentment about the eu , and the actual opinion of the people of europe in regards to immigration and multiculturalism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reductio_ad_hitlerum did you know nazis were also against smoking, 
  `` article ii : in the present convention , genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ** ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ** ** ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  ** '' from the un ( d ) is self-imposed due to developments in european society , and ( e ) may not be happening by force and rather by complacence / * mala fides * from the part of the un in the end , the result of genocide may very well happen because of the presence of these two factors in europe right now . 
  this concern only gets reinforced when one looks at demographic projections for europe and africa . 
  we 're at a tough crossroads . 
   the very people who loudly state their dislike of immigration and its consequences are the ones who provoke the causes , namely political instability through wars and economic destruction through liberal economic policies . 
  i am against immigration to europe and this infuriates me to no end . 
  i am fervently against neoliberal imperialism because it only serves the same scummy interests of the people who are pro-immigration ( i.e. 
  capitalist elite who give no fucks about europe and its people ) and destroys independent societies in even more immediate ways . 
  please link me some of the neoliberal/neoimperial policies anti-immigration parties support so that i can collectively get mad at them . 
  i assume you 're talking about fn as well ? 
  the only reason anyone here needs to distrust him is that he is a capitalist and a member of the ruling class . 
  his like have unleashed so much destruction and oppression on the world that it is only logical to doubt him and anything he supports when speaking in official capacity . 
   promoting family formation and procreation , that would increase fertility by itself that 's a really cool idea . 
  damn it sounds quite familiar though , did n't europeans already think of this ? 
  oh yeah i think it was called the church . 
  in all seriousness though the church was doing a pretty good job at this until stuff happened . 
  we should find some way to get that stuff back on track i agree . 
  do you think that japan is actually a multicultural paradise but that / r/european-y types lie about it being homogenous for propaganda of some sort ? 
  japan is an ethnically homogenous society no doubt about it lol, 
   serbian bosniak oxymoron btw edit : yeah maybe if you 're talking about bosniaks in sandzak , but i forgot that there is n't a word in english to make a distinction between serbs ( srbi ) and people living in serbia ( srbijani iirc ), 
  my mother says it 's proof karma exists nice flair quote btw, 
  i 'm reading this whole thread and the downvote/upvote disposition is ridiculous . 
  anything that is not caracterizing the black hand or seselj or whomever as `` terrorist scum/war criminal '' is hidden . 
  the hypocrisy behind hating anti-colonialists in europe is incredible . 
  long live princip . 
  i really have difficulty believing you 're being downvoted . 
  fuck the habsburg monarchy , we can rightfully reject any kind of foreign control ( unlike bosnia which invited the vienna philharmonic to play last november for the war 's anniversary ) . 
  i really wonder whether the people who downvoted you support european colonialism in africa . 
  it was a matter of principle , and it worked . 
  there is nothing wrong with being a nationalist . 
  there is nothing evil about self-determination . 
  stop acting like real life politics are a game of eu4 or polandball that 's it, 
  you are anthropomorphizing countries and attaching characteristics of a government to its citizens . 
  i would n't be surprised if you had a `` competition '' and `` wins vs losses '' mentality when it comes to history . 
   but you bet your ass whoever it is that is elected president/senator/governor / etc. 
  represents the will of my country , and therefore represent me . 
  even if it is someone i do not actively support and would never vote for . 
  why do you identify so strongly with the will of your country 's government that you decide to identify with leaders you did n't even agree with in the first place ? 
  what is so appealing to you to submit to the will of a leadership that is ruled by money and has your interests in last place ? 
  why do people enjoy being dominated like this ? 
   every citizen here is responsible for every choice our leaders make on our behalf yeah , we are responsible for letting them keep this pointless , undemocratic system running for centuries and passively accepting it like spineless slaves . 
   people that do the `` but it 's not us , its our government ! '', 
  dance make me ill . fuck do you even mean by this sentence ? 
  of course it is n't my fault what my gov ' t does . 
  neither is it your fault what your gov ' t does . 
  how you came to any other conclusion only leads me to think you are pretty deluded and idealistic about how politics work . 
  let me repeat myself , this is your brain on nationalism, 
  i agree with you on one point :  people [ are ] in more control than they realize it is completely ridiculous that so many bright individuals will willfully participate in the hamster wheel that is bourgeois `` democracy '', 
  the us gov ' t is not democratic or representative of the population of the usa though stop kidding yourself my friend this is not a competition though most countries in the world are disgustingly un-democratic , bourgeois parliamentarism is n't conducive to democracy, 
  real life is not polandball or a game of eu4, 
  ^ this is your brain on nationalism, 
   hostility to the u.s. government is for all intents and purposes hostility to the u.s. itself , especially considering the u.s. government is democratically elected and therefore represents the people ^ this is your brain on american nationalism, 
  people in our region are mixed as fuck you can meet serbs that look irish and croats that look bulgarian the subject is sensitive because our appearances are often used as fuel for genocidal and fascist rhetoric, 
  remove fascism, 
  it 's the same mechanism as second-gen muslim kids wanting to go do jihad in syria, 
  slovenia is one of the best countries in the region rich history , beautiful landscapes , prettiest yugo language too imo polka is a little cheesy though :p, 
  same thing raised by relatively religious parents , never in my life have i heard someone say evolution was n't true , at home/school/church / etc to say that the prevalence of yec beliefs is the same everywhere is laughable, 
  i 've tried watching the nfl or college football sometimes , but it 's like they only move once in a while , and take breaks for most of the game, 
  no it would be 25 times prettier case in point the recently renovated building the qataris bought is beautiful, 
  nah man , it 's just that english does n't have cases like latin or serbo-croatian see john je udario tom * a * , the a at the end of tom means that tom is the recipient of the hit tom * a * je udario john , the meaning is retained because the a is still at the end of tom plenty of other cases with different meanings ( tom * u * , tom * in * , tom * e * , etc. ), 
  cousin marriage is not haram afaik, 
  jna at its ( non-fascist ) peak was truly a force to be reckoned with ... shame really,
