  idk , i was just speculating honestly . 
  the scale of a situation brings about more differences than may be expected . 
  a mass of refugees this large may act very differently than it happened in the past , especially considering the exceptional consequences many of them arrived from . 
  you said that the refused asylum seekers would n't do anything just like they did n't in the past , i just said that the scale is different now , and that it is n't showing signs of slowing down . 
  i mean if the situation right now was n't exceptional we would n't be hearing about it all the time , seeing videos/photos of the situation , having the eu call emergency meetings , eu border countries building fences , etc. 
  that 's my favorite pro-immigration meme, 
  you think it 's a good idea to accept all poor people of the world to europe ? 
  this is the biggest refugee crisis since wwii though , and it is n't showing signs of stopping . 
  high time they get back to fucking work though, 
   he would probably look at us funny . 
  nah , but only because that 's what the west had been doing for years until he got out of line so to speak . 
  i thought it was a well-accepted fact that liberal , representative democracies work optimally ( and pretty much only ) when the average of a state 's population is an educated , literate , middle class , modern individual . 
  dictators , autocrats , kings , etc. 
  are not always necessarily evil . 
  i mean you guys do n't really think that the whole `` promoting democracy '' sham was actually promoting democracy ? 
  well yeah obviously i 'm not talking about underweight-level , just skinny, 
  as a straight man , i find many skinny women attractive , just like i find many curvier women attractive . 
  it 's not very nice to say that there is something wrong with people who find skinny women attractive . 
  especially to skinny women . 
   believe he was american at the time of his inventions . 
  the nerve of americans, 
   majority of the people of quebec would vote for it remember le vote ethnique my friend , it 's even larger now, 
  yep, 
  lol this could actually be a great idea, 
  university of belgrade yeaaah that 's it i think . 
  yeah i know but think of how `` the masses '' see it, 
  ... yes it does ? 
  you think they live in a vacuum ? 
  why do you think assimilation of immigrants is the biggest issue most ppl have with them ? 
  the guy you replied to originally was saying that refugees have something to prove to the native population , not the govt , and you said no . 
  like it or not ppl are not as objective as state processes, 
  you 're confusing humans and state processes . 
  but dude it 's not even anti-immigration it 's a refugee crisis . 
  biggest one post ww2, 
  poe 's law tbh this could easily be a right-wing parody or is it ? 
   yes , but the point is - do we even need these identities and should n't we try to overcome them ? 
  and if these identities we have are killing people because we try to prevent people from coming here , is it really such a great idea ? 
  to have an idea , an attitude , that in the end kills ? 
  it would be great if we could , but i ca n't see it happening . 
  look , i know anarchists are n't fond of concepts like human nature , but unlike capitalism ( which did n't existed for thousands and thousands of years until it did ) , the tribal nature of human beings has pretty much always been a feature of human societies . 
  people who act a certain way , and view the world a certain way , have children together and raise them that certain way will always feel a special kind of kinship between themselves . 
  it 's foolish to think that dumping immigrants from a vastly different cultural background ( and this is where i think dismissals of anyone doubting immigration as being xenophobic are misguided ) in a european country will somehow aid in the `` withering away of borders '' , hell it will probably reinforce nationalist sentiment in both groups . 
  if a few hundred immigrants were admitted in european countries every year and steps were taken to ensure that their children and grandchildren are virtually indistinguishable from the host population , then i highly doubt you 'd be seeing anti-immigrant sentiment on the scale that is appearing nowadays . 
  that 's not the way the situation is being approached now though . 
  i 'm not only talking about the immigrants being violent and belligerent , a civil conflict always needs at least two belligerent sides , and if more immigrants continue coming to europe , having much more children than the native population , living in isolated communities , having views of justice and society influenced by islam ( more specifically the radical aspects of islam ) , you will quickly find that the native population will be . 
  take sweden , with only ~ 20 % 1st and 2nd gen immigrants , now has an [ anti-immigration party as its largest ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/sweden/11814498/anti-immigrant-sweden-democrats-now-the-biggest-party-according-to-poll.html ) , with 1 in 4 swedes supporting them . 
  western europe needs to stop deluding itself into thinking it 's evolved beyond ethnic conflicts . 
  in brief , i think the anarchist position on how plausible it is to eliminate sentiments of nationalism are misguided and very unpractical . 
  yugoslavia tried creating a common national identity for a few ethnic groups that are indistinguishable to an outsider ( and did things that would be described as inhumane , undemocratic and repressive to get there ) and still failed fantastically . 
  i do n't know how western europeans plans to assimilate the very fast growing immigrant sections of their population without resorting to borderline inhumane practices , but it 'll be interesting to watch . 
   infrastructure programs mostly , considering whole cities are destroyed . 
  absolutely , reconstruction programs make a lot more sense than just handing them 500 euros each . 
   this is a complex topic , but iraq is the only one where the us is actually at fault for the instability ( afghanistan was lead by basiaclly al-qaeda before the us , more people were dying under the taliban than now ) . 
  and even in the case of iraq they toppled a dictator that liked to gas kurds in his freetime . 
  i know , but is it better for the usa to have moved in ? 
  idk really as you say it 's a complex topic  this , too , is more difficult when it sounds . 
  if you have no access to the global market , you get north korea . 
  if you have access , you are exploited beyond belief . 
  these things are intrinistic to capitalsim . 
  without the transnational companies showing up yeah , capitalism is the core issue, 
  yeah but that bridge is basically the rolls royce of ex-yu bridges , hard to compete with, 
   if you actaully told an fsa fighter that the usa destabilized the country orh elped the rebels , he will laugh at your face . 
  obviously the us wants assad done , but they actually have done very little until like , last year . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not completely familiar with the syrian civil war but from what i 've been reading in the news for about 4 years the usa got involved earlier than last year ( and that 's only what they 're willing to divulge ) . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/cia-begins-weapons-delivery-to-syrian-rebels/2013/09/11/9fcf2ed8-1b0c-11e3-a628-7e6dde8f889d_story.html )  i am against the attitude to say : `` there might be people that do n't deserve our help out there , close the borders ! '', 
  while the poor shmucks are literally dying to get here . 
  we should n't punish the genuine poor , that try to get a job to get their family over , just because of a bunch of privileged people that only leave for better money . 
  agree , refugees and economic migrants are two completely different categories of migrants . 
  however i doubt anyone in this thread expressed the `` sink the boats hurr '' idiocy you read sometimes , there were however objections and doubts about how the immigrant populations might interact with the host population . 
  however divisive it might be , national and ethnic identity is a very important and very real part of people 's conceptions of themselves , has caused ( and will cause ! ), 
  a very large proportion of all conflicts in the history of humanity and it 's absolutely foolish to discount it in any discussion about how europe ( and the world at large ) is to deal with the coming barrage of migrants . 
  it 's like race , it may not be a scientific reality but it 's foolish to deny the existence of the construct and its very real impact on how people interact with the world . 
   it is absolutely unavoidable to create legal ways for refugees to get to europe so they do n't have to rely on the criminal smugglers that kill them on the way here . 
  this has to happen . 
  they will try to get here if we do n't do this and die no their way . 
  then , we should provide means of employment and opportunity for them - and all of europe , fuck austerity - because without it , it is impossible to integrate them ever . 
  sounds good , but i think that the eu should put money into plans for short-term settlement ( e.g. 
  belgian refugees settled in the uk post wwii ) , because the countries ' that the refugees are aiming for already have their fair share of unassimilated immigrants and descendants of immigrants ( assimilation is a lot more difficult than people seem to think ) . 
  also , even if a equal repartition of all refugees throughout europe seems like a good idea , you 're not taking into account how a ) most refugees do n't want to be anywhere else that northwestern european states and will escape from refugee camps in hungary , poland , etc. 
  b ) some countries ' people are very , very much against the idea of settling many migrants , which does n't really bode well for any kind of long-term integration plan . 
   if the situation in syria , iraq and afghanistan gets better , encourage them to go back to help rebuild it by providing funds for these regions and providing incentive to go back - not by giving them money to go back , but by giving them opportunity in their country . 
  but this depends on how the war plays out , if the islamists win and establish a shariah state , do you want to force those people to go back ? 
  what do you mean by `` help rebuild it by providing funds for these regions and providing incentive to go back - not by giving them money to go back , but by giving them opportunity in their country . '', 
  precisely ? 
  i mostly agree , but i think that the number one element to do , in order to stop these syria/iraq/afghanistan situations from happening again , is to completely change how the west interacts with the third world ( i.e. 
  no more nato bombings , no more `` promoting democracy '' , no more transnational corporations exploiting labour in foreign countries and calling it `` outsourcing '' , no more predatory `` international trade agreements '' , etc. ), 
  isis should not win , obviously . 
  i do n't know how how we should go about doing this though , without funneling more money into profiteers pockets ' . 
  i do n't trust the usa with this , and neither should syrians . 
   did n't you say the father that was trying to feed his daughter by selling pens in beirut ? 
  lebanon has 1 million , turkey 3 million , jordan 1 million refugees . 
  these people have no perspective and risk death for `` more money '' ? 
  no i did not see it , but thank you for telling me about it , quite poignant . 
  i have to say i have nothing against refugees from syria and think more should be done to provide for them ( better and more temporary refugee camps in particular ) , i just think the eu needs a healthy dose of skepticism applied towards its immigration policies ( especially countries like sweden whose policies are clearly not representative of the people 's will )  syria is not fucking caused by the us . 
  and no , they 're dying because they see no other option than to get here and risk death doing so . 
  yes , they know there is a chance to die and they do it anyway , but you think they 're just donig it to get more money and buy a smartphone ? 
  seriously what kind of person are you ? 
  do you even see them as human like yourself ? 
  would you risk your life for something like that if you have n't lost everything already ?
