   somalis do n't integrate their children do n't become `` black american '' yeah ? 
  that 's what insular communities do ... you guys should do the same thing you did in euro immigrant communites in chicago , especially with all those latinos coming to the usa . 
  just make sure they become real passionate americans and you 'll be alright . 
   retarded sovereignty are you serious ? 
  i reckon in the future , when people study the great migrations of early 21st century history , they will see the entire 2010s as a period of great change starting, 
  seriously i 've never heard someone compare greece and sweden being like pennsylvania and georgia makes no sense, 
   the different states had more or less the same things in common than the europeans has nowadays , excluding language . 
  source ? 
  i highly doubt the great state of virginia had a drastically different religion , multiple thousand year old history , language , ethnicity , mode of government and family organization , etc. 
  from rhode island, 
  lmao why ? 
  roma quotas are n't as interesting ? 
  ah well , but imo if someone from somalia comes to america and becomes entirely americanized ( moreso their children become entirely americanized ) , he/she ceases to be somali in the same way white americans cease to be french/german/dutch / czech/etc . 
  do n't * you * guys get tired of yourselves ? 
   but to me that is cultural . 
  as opposed to what ? 
  well obviously , but as you said i do n't see any significant tranfers of sovereignity happening ... pretty much ever in the current eu, 
  does common euro gov ' t necessarily mean federalization ? 
  how is a federation going to help homogenize an entire continent ? 
  good article  so let me , if i may , just spell it out . 
  ash , there is no iraq `` of the heart . '' shi\u2018a farm boys or urbanites from baghdad , basra , and elsewhere in the south , who make up the vast bulk of the iraqi army today , do not identify with the drier climes of the sunni homelands to the north and east . 
  they do not know the lay of the land there ; most have never gone there out of uniform ; they feel no affinity ( asabiyya ) with anyone who lives there ; and they do not think of it as part of their historical patrimony . 
  the problem is not just that they do not know how to handle their weapons , or how to do logistics , or how to follow orders from officers they do n't much trust ; ** it 's that they lack any personal reason to risk their lives for something they just do n't know how to care about . 
  they may fight for tribe or clan or sect or home soil , but not for abstraction called `` iraq . '' ** after all these years screwing around in that country , ** it is dismaying that we continue to unwittingly project our own frames of reference onto iraqis , syrians , libyans , and so on . 
  ** but from all appearances , that 's what we do best . 
  to hear and to heed, 
  wow !, 
  that lace neck detailing is out of this world golden age dutch aristocrats dressing like contemporary spring/summer haute couture, 
  i think they meant folk as in `` of the people '' , not the musical genre as a sidenote guthrie is a great american singer-songwriter, 
  it 's very regal, 
  or america the beautiful ? 
  without a doubt [ * tamo daleko * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cko9mbwjqa ) , wwi era song about the retreat through albania . 
  [ * \u041c\u0430\u0440\u0448 \u043d\u0430 \u0414\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0443 * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36xmo-o5uy0 ) , march on the drina , another wwi song , almost chosen as national anthem of the recent independant serbia , is just as well-known i 'd say . 
  yes serbia is pretty proud of wwi, 
  it looks very very cool written down , just saying . 
  it also sounds really cool . 
  i 'm selfishly hoping for more irish education in your schools just so i can hear and see it more often lol . 
   majority of the irish ca n't even speak their own language that sucks , is there a movement to teach more irish in schools ? 
  i was n't referring to individuals , but rather to the fact that if you submit humans to certain conditions and environments they 'll always act in pretty much the same manner . 
  read further up in the thread , you 'll see that i was referring to the consequences of mismanaging large migrations from different cultures and poorer , less educated people ( ghettos , gangs , etc. ), 
  what 's the point of downvoting me though, 
  how is it worthless to observe the consequences of certain policies elsewhere when debating whether they should be implemented in another country ? 
  is studying history for such a purpose useless now ? 
  humans do n't change enough between generations for the consequences of the same policies and decisions to be drastically different . 
  but it could happen , so moderating your policies regarding immigration/asylum seekers might help prevent it , right ? 
  is germany a nirvana where no such thing is possible ? 
  lmao not likely, 
   guy played too much europa universalis guilty as charged lol, 
  do gd openly advocate for the elimination , or diminution , of democracy in greece ? 
  i suppose so , but what is their specific platform , if they even have one ? 
  lol we 're not living in it , simply due to the fact that the volume of illegal immigration in the book and in reality is very different , but the book raises interesting questions that are relevant to the current refugee crisis, 
  croatia can into central europe !!, 
  success, 
  where is that image from ? 
  could the nd theoretically form a coalition with golden dawn ? 
  or does the greek democratic process not allow that ? 
  additionally how * fucked * up would it be to have a eu state ruled by self-proclaimed nazis in 2015, 
  no , but a federalized eu would necessarily be an empire, 
   we live in a more and more globalized world where small countries become more and more irrelevant and pawns in the hands of superpowers . 
  as they always have been , empires are far from a new thing i do n't know about federalization , i mean it 's a nice idea but it 's riddled with questions and serious stumbling blocks for many people . 
  what vesarius is trying to say is that you ca n't expect refugee treatment and economic migrant treatment at the same time . 
  if they want to go to germany ( and constantly refuse asylum in any other country they pass through on the way ) for whatever reason they should have to go through the proper channels that are already in place for immigration , channels all of us immigrants already went through . 
  is there any paper ( except bbc ) in the uk that is n't a tabloid ? 
  every single time i post a link from a british news source someone will invariably say that it 's a tabloid and that i should n't trust it, 
   whole trace of parade was literally exorcised by priests of our church after parade was over . 
  hahaha they did this last year too right ? 
  well what can you do it 's not like they 're doing something violent or illegal, 
  haha that 's actually pretty offensive wow good job, 
  it was just an example , but i was pointing out how federalization would invariably mean less sovereignty for each nation-state that comprises the eu , which would make for a very precarious federation, 
  i interpreted it as a roundabout way of asking me if i 'm russian , because most white ppl in exsoviet states are russian ( and i do n't look like borat at all ), 
  silly irish , sea-warrior is not a job, 
  it 's a catch-22 * one * wrong move by a more federalized eu , and the union starts ripping apart at its seams . 
  crises happen pretty often , and europe is way too volatile and diverse ( read : pretty extreme internal differences ) for it to pull off something like mandatory refugee quotas everywhere for example without massive dissent among europeans, 
   bar evidently not , 
  fresh burek , jogurt and turkish coffee it doubles as an everyday breakfast as well, 
  russian , all the fucking time . 
  french a few times ( ? ), 
  due to my non-standard accent in qu\u00e9bec . 
  one time someone asked me if i was kazakh ( apparently white kazakhs exist did n't know that ), 
  that 's an american meme though germans wo n't know about it, 
  `` riling them up '' would be better just helping man not trying to be pedantic, 
  china was literally running government sponsored ethnic displacement programs in tibet to make it more han chinese among other practices , google sinicization of tibet . 
  why are you trying to make it seem like china is a multicultural paradise lol . 
   gypsies boarded a plane to norway and applied for refugee status there . 
  they did n't send them back right away , instead their bureaucratic machine spent months while they were housed and given fair ammount of welfare money . 
  then they turn them back , but do n't ban them from entering again , they even gave them some money which the gypsies just used to board the next plane and apply for refugee status again . 
  this is * exactly * why so many `` serbian asylum seekers '' keep coming to germany even though they know very well they will not get accepted . 
  until germany decides that they are n't going to give out money willy-nilly they 'll just have to deal with that . 
   giving the electricity daju struju ? 
  that idiom does n't really translate in english, 
  genetic science is n't exactly completely developed at this point , though we 're making huge strides every day , so yeah we do n't really know the exact proportion of genetics/environment for now . 
  i remember reading a theory ( more of a hypothesis really ) about how the genetic aspect of high ashkenazi iq is because european jews were allowed to be usurers , so they were disproportionately present in `` white collar jobs '' for the entirety of the middle ages , and thus the ones that survived the longest ( and had a lot of kids ) were the ones that were good at their jobs ( which required higher than average iq ) . 
  kind of a tenuous idea but it 's interesting and would be interesting if it was shown to be true . 
  reminds me of things like european predisposition to ms and african predisposition to sickle cell anemia , because they offer protection against cholera and malaria respectively . 
  the maersk container ship is a great ship but i just think it 's ugly haha that mighty servant 3 is crazy !, 
  wow heavy lift ships in general are incredible ca n't believe i never heard about them before, 
  oh absolutely not !, 
  what a thought . 
  fair enough maybe i was a little dismissive of your contribution to the discussion , apologies . 
  by the way , i 'm not so sure about iq ( and we 're talking solely about iq here ) being mostly environmental , afaik the current accepted value is that about 50 % of your iq ( which does correlate to some extent with things like academic ability and is n't just a meaningless logic test ) comes from genetics .
