   fun fact 3 : even though they became the second biggest party ( and the biggest right wing party ) they refused to form a government . 
  why ? 
   i am very proud of my country right now and i believe that with all that greatness we already have , these people will make us even greater . 
  i wish for you guys that it works out that way , really i do . 
  just as a country you should be prepared to be able to to say `` woah maybe we should calm down '' at * some * point in the future without being utterly terrified of someone calling you nazis , because the migrant waves are n't going to stop . 
  it 's just german guilt though , not white guilt it 's pretty obvious a lot of german political decisions are compensating for that thing they did, 
  that was true, 
  i mean there 's nothing wrong with criticizing the church but i think you 're being really excessively cynical if you think catholics act like that most of the time . 
  the church is n't exactly a * business * either , but it 's not purely a charity either . 
  church is really the best descriptor for it . 
  exactly so if you grew up around catholics you should know that they are n't all duplicitous clergymen who see `` more converts '' as reasons to follow the precepts of their religion, 
  damn so you guys must all know the words by heart o canada land of my ancestors ( ? ), 
  something something pretty embarrassing lack of knowledge over here, 
  true true, 
  oh yeah kuwait , uae , and saudi have taken exactly 0 refugees instead saudis are planning on investing in building 200 mosques in europe for the syrian refugees, 
  wtf you guys sing it every day ? 
  is it a qu\u00e9bec anomaly because i 've literally sung it once , at a citizenship ceremony . 
   we annexed it fair and square history in a nutshell, 
  ... what are you implying my friend, 
  do you actually know * any * catholics ? 
  the pope has only spoken * ex cathedra * like twice in the history of ever , so popes have been , and will be , wrong and human and opinionated just like all of us . 
  ... and your solution is import more and more and more foreigners ? 
  he 's talking about the gulf countries those guys are right cunts no question about it, 
   we get to live in interesting times !, 
  literally the only advantage, 
   merkel shall be remembered as `` the foolish '' speaking of that , how long until we get to add descriptors to presidents/pms/chancellors ' names ? 
  `` merkel the fool '' , `` sarkozy the small '' `` berlusconi the dolt '' etc, 
   14 of the top 30 countries on earth facing massive water shortage by 2040 are in the middle east holy shit this is incredible this is the first map i 've seen in years that gives me hope for former yugoslavia countries as a whole at least we wo n't die of thirst !, 
  5 million in ten years then ? 
  undemocratic =\\ = fascist, 
   a lot of other things can happen over 200-300 years like which ? 
  assuming you believe the mass of immigrants currently living in western europe will peacefully bow to the identities of countries that they are in/coming to , your hypothesis is just as likely as mine ( possibly even less likely , seeing as there are countless numbers of incidents in history of countries being ripped apart by sectarian/religious/interethnic violence )  also , the serbs leaving kosovo was a direct result of aggression by the ottoman empire , so if anything they were perhaps the refugees in your scenario . 
  ottoman presence in kosovo is not the only reason serbia lost kosovo . 
  also , i was n't talking about refugees , i was talking about mass immigration in general . 
  fuck is the point of this whole thing then 2nd worst idea i 've ever heard surrounding this whole crisis , barely beat by `` sink the boats '', 
  ... why do you think things happening after we die are unimportant ? 
  i mean we could technically shit up the environment beyond recognition and our generation would n't feel the consequences , but our children , grandchildren , great-grandchildren , etc. 
  all will with the situation exponentially getting worse every generation . 
  just wait , 200 or 300 years , but just wait . 
  good , who 's set to win ? 
  center right ? 
  would n't be the first time it happened, 
  in 50 years , chattel slavery will have been abolished in the usa for 200 years the impact of slavery is as present as ever in america, 
   that is 1 % of our population !, 
  that 's the thing , you have a sensible number of immigrants you 're letting in . 
  keep doing that, 
  can you imagine germany doing that ? 
  the nazi accusations will attain terminal velocity, 
  germany and sweden may very well be opposed to dublin but they ca n't pick and choose which laws to follow just because they can , it undermines the very nature of law and eu treaties . 
  there are many types and sub-ideas within the wider idea of nationalism , so you ca n't just lump all of those ideas in the same bag wwi can be very easily blamed pretty much 100 % on imperialism . 
  gavrilo princip was a damn hero and great freedom fighter . 
  wwii was the result of genocidal megalomaniacs and fascists deciding to conquer all of europe . 
  i think even a legit war refugee will prefer a country with permanent shelter , larger payments , and easier family reunification refugees are humans , and all humans will seek to maximize the benefit out of a situation they 're in, 
  i read somewhere that gd might get a mandate/win the election , how plausible do you think that is ? 
  they 're german, 
  white people in the usa are 99 % assimilated immigrants . 
  they are n't quite there yet with black people but asian immigrants seem to be on their way to total assimilation as well, 
   only exacerbated an already existing perception of excessive immigration to the uk thank you for saying this . 
  cold hard facts do n't stand a chance against widespread negative gut feelings when you live in a democracy, 
  yugoslavia shame it literally does n't exist anymore though, 
   experiment how about not running social experiments that may result in genocide and civil war, 
  i just want to say , that 's a great title . 
  ca n't let ourselves be fooled into thinking it ca n't happen again though ... 
  i came here to recommend civilization ... you can check out john berger 's * ways of seeing * which is basically a leftist rebuttal at civilization . 
  alright maybe my attempt at answering in the style of your reply failed but i 'll explain what i meant in another way : right now all native french ( pretty much ) consider themselves as part of one people and thus a liberal democracy is able to function and rule all over the land in europe currently known as france . 
  the people share a language , history , and culture , which allows high social cohesion and cooperation to function . 
  this is what i mean by `` one people '' . 
  the `` once considered '' should have been `` consider '' in the present tense , my bad, 
   you are saying we should make decisions as if the world is as it was in the past , and not how it is in the present ? 
  no i am saying we should make decisions taking into account the future , not only the right here right now ... please explain how you understood what you understood from my comment ? 
  how does being careful not to lose parts of your country to foreign groups translate into `` making decisions as if the world is as it was in the past '' ? 
  it could be so much better if he ditched the `` loud and random xd '' persona, 
  because the people of both pieces of clay once considered themselves one people , and made decisions together , but now you 've imported another group of people , who do n't see themselves as being part of the original group , that make a lot of babies and settled them nice and tight on that piece of clay , thereby effectively renouncing control of that piece of clay go ahead and give your clay to everyone i do n't care , but do n't come crying `` gib clay '' and `` remove kebab '' when you 'll eventually lose control of it, 
  in 300 years , seine-saint-denis and marseille and tower hamlets will be long majority [ insert now minority population ], 
  tru ca n't argue with that, 
   muslim will gain shit bit secedes in france . 
  what are you trying to say here i do n't really understand i would n't ignore the possibility of the same thing happening in france if i were you though ... 
  happened in kosovo immigration of albanians , emigration of serbs , birthrate discrepancies , and boom , 200 years later kosovo secedes on the grounds of self-determination with the glorious western european liberal democracies supporting them, 
   you never choose outsiders over your own careful the anarchists might hear you, 
  turkey is one of the most secular states with a muslim majority, 
   still-imperialist nice, 
  yeah so lobbying can be thinly veiled bribery , but not always, 
   if you spent anywhere near the same amount of energy looking for reasons to be positive or combative with regard to the `` illiberal '' tendencies you bring up , then you 'd see how cartoonishly bigoted and two-faced a lot of you seem . 
  and the secret to understanding the right is not to dismiss them as two-faced bigots but as people , just like you , who simply think your unfettered idealism is more destructive than you think . 
  maybe you should invest more energy into understanding people who do n't agree with you and not do the same things you accuse them of doing . 
  and here i was , naively thinking that the guardian had published a piece that was skeptic of the german response to the refugee crisis . 
  i know nothing about greek tax law , but i think this is a case of gray market tax evasion , not black , which is why it 's possible to estimate a number like 37,044 billion 4 $ they probably went out and estimated how many legal transactions happen , compare with tax income from those particular industries , and estimate the lost money from the discrepancy, 
  if the people/organization that owns the publication is pro or anti refugee , they 'll publish articles that push their version of the story ( usually both are true to a certain extent , while omitting some info to push a certain angle , like men being 85 % of the migrants ) why the organization/person is of that opinion is a whole other story . 
  ca n't really answer that without exploring the lives and careers of powerful men and women in media, 
  just wait until suburbs and cities in western europe start declaring independance on the grounds of self-determination, 
  to advance that particular publication 's agenda everyone does it, 
  so we * should * let everyone from a poor country into europe ? 
  btw that 's a crazy oversimplification of africa you made just there, 
  officially though , does isis say that it lets jews stay on their lands as long as they pay some kind of jizya ? 
  fascinating insight, 
   or jew isis tolerates jews ? 
  reddit is n't too receptive to this type of humor it seems ... 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dsu8x9e.gif ) is what i think of when i hear about this missile . 
  all jokes aside the javelin is a fine piece of military technology . 
  i 'd say being openly for socialist policies in america of all places is relatively radical too .
