   sweden was poor during the 60 's and thus missed that import wave of third world immigrants . 
  how did sweden get rich ? 
  find oil like their neighbors ? 
  sorry for possible errors i do n't write it too often, 
   what you did to us first off , i do n't see the point in assuming that i am a 100 % serb nationalist because i have serbian flair , and you associating me with the monsters that killed children and elderly on the basis of catholic/orthodox is exactly what led to the atrocities in the war ( if i could , i 'd use yugoslavia as flair because that 's what i wish i could consider myself , a mixed of ex-yu ethnicities , and therefore a yugoslav . 
  unfortunately the country does n't exist anymore and i 'd look stupid for doing that ) . 
  i guarantee you ( hell , i * know * people who moved from croatia to serbia after oluja ) that the majority of those refugees did nothing wrong and lived in peace with croats until the war broke out . 
  likewise , i do n't call you an ustasa because of your flair because a ) it 's just flair on reddit and i know nothing about you more than that b ) even if i knew in real life that you were a croat , what tells me you identify or agree with croat nazis or genociders ? 
  this `` tit for tat genocide '' bullshit is exactly what makes us look like savages , and rightfully so , to other parts of the world . 
  how fucking embarassing is it that the only countries that argue about this shit in this day and age are rwanda and the ex-yugoslav republics . 
  pointless comment , also i never said that ps there were literally no good guys in that war , save for all the innocent civilians who were brutally murdered, 
  no did n't you hear , this is what a [ column of people going on vacation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/3f/serb_refugees_leaving_croatia.jpg ) looks like i do n't expect much from the r/europe 's resident serb-hater but this is a new low, 
  though the rest of your post is spot-on , please do n't use the shellfish/two fabrics/any levitical law as an example of christians ignoring the bible for the purpose of modernity , liberalism , etc. 
  levitical laws have n't applied to christians from the beginning of christianity . 
  yes but clearly islamic law is n't as binding in certain communities as it is in others , which is what i was trying to get at . 
  so it may be `` mandatory '' in saudi arabia but not in parts of algeria or bosnia , even though sha ` ria itself is universal . 
  wow this is amazing , i 'm really happy that people are still making efforts to build nice-looking , original schools, 
  no but there is a heavy emphasis on assimilation , unlike a country like canada which is proud of leaving its `` cultural communities '' relatively untouched ( barring barbaric cultural practices like fgm or honor killing of course ) . 
  no , they were talking specifically about the hijab . 
  i guess it 's a situation of `` is it socially acceptable in muslim communities '' vs `` is it acceptable according to an imam '' . 
  take premarital sex for example , the overwhelming majority of catholics and other christians in the western world partake in it and it is generally socially acceptable ( except in more fundamentalist circles ) , even though any priest worth his salt will tell that it is strictly forbidden under any circumstances . 
  i know a lot of muslim women who identify as muslim but wear no headcovering at all . 
  apparently it is `` a choice up to the woman '' . 
  now i am not so naive as to think that all the women in seine-saint-denis decided to wear a niqab/hijab/burqa / chador/etc . 
  without any coercion from their community , but in western muslim communities that are how they should be , it 's acceptable to not wear it and no one will ostracize you for it . 
  no it is n't , at least that 's what i 've been told by hundreds and hundreds of muslim women . 
  exactly , the author of this article seems to be apologizing the murder of jews and critics of islam wtf  the latest killers did n't care who they mowed down or what their victims believed . 
  that made them terrifying for everyone . 
  one of the most disgusting sentences i 've had the chance the read on this subject, 
  i 've heard a few i 've also heard a lot more denouncing it though, 
  fucking diacritics man never bother using them , though they look cool when interspersed in a block of text . 
  anyway , nice conversation take care !, 
  much obliged , welshman , 
  oh , yes the uk did n't betray europe in this here case , absolutely not , without the uk ( and the other allied leaders and resistance movements inside and outside of europe , of course ) , we 'd be * well * fucked . 
  we can all thank the allies for ridding europe of the wave of darkness that overcame us continentals for a scarily long while . 
  typing in our language is very mentally taxing whew, 
  let me be clear , i am not saying chamberlain did n't want peace in europe , i am just saying his desire for peace in europe did n't arise out of some `` kumbaya save the whales world peace forever '' sentiment , but out of a pragmatic `` holy shit what if europe gets wrecked , what then for britain '' . 
  granted he may have felt a twinge of pain specifically for the polish people , but he did n't mobilize the uk into total war to assuage that twinge alone . 
  i think i can agree with the rest of your points , in a way if you tell a man he is fighting for x , and he and his fellow soldiers do most of the fighting for x , was the war now fought for x or for y , the reason that the generals and politicians started the draft ? 
  idk and at this point it gets philosophical, 
  3 , final answer regis, 
  to su mi mnogo veci prioriteti nego da ih sprecavamo da udu u unesco . 
  lmao dude think about this for a second , first this is international politics we are talking about not some hypothetical `` hmm is the mother who jumps in traffic to save her baby actually being selfless ? 
  wow no one knows '' situation , when a nation gets involved into total war they do n't do it because it seems like a fun way to spend a few years , it 's because the country has interests they ca n't always say out loud at once for various reasons ( diplomacy , keeping morale high , corruption in some cases but not this one specifically , etc. ), 
  speeches are not proof of true motivation and purpose . 
  saddam had wmds remember , check the speeches !, 
  hope you 're joking but montenegro and serbia have no animosity between each other or `` ethnic tension '' , independance was purely an economic affair ( not condemning it just clearing it up ), 
  sorry for possible declension errors in advance, 
   that time when the west declared war on nazi germany for you . 
  ... the uk did n't exactly fight the axis powers out of goodwill or a sense of charity towards poland, 
  idk exactly , but there 's been a push to stop calling isis by that acronym and switch to the arabic acronym , daesh , because it sounds like an offensive pun or something . 
  do n't know why i 'm being downvoted because all of those names you named refer to the same islamist group led by al-baghdadi . 
  other groups exist but is/isil/isis / daesh are all the same, 
  same group 4 different names, 
  20 $ says wahhabi scum is responsible i really hope bosnia does n't become an epicenter of islamist terrorism , this and the shooting the other day are worrying, 
  no the reason it 's raging on is because cheney and co. decided to forcibly create a power vacuum in iraq by barring all members of the ba'athist party ( i.e. 
  pretty much everyone worth something ) from being involved in post-saddam iraqi politics and public office . 
  well their goal seems to be to have a war with the west/all infidels on many fronts , so while they may not be excited about the idea of russia/syria/usa / france/china/etc . 
  dropping kilotons of explosives on their heads it 's not like they were actively trying to avoid it . 
  decapitating foreigners is an act of provocation and goading . 
  their ambitions are n't limited to making land gains in syria you know, 
  isis is an islamist apocalyptic war cult basically , from what i understand, 
  le east europe amirite xd, 
  this is exactly what isis wanted though so to them it does n't seem like a big mistake . 
  however they are going to get vaporized so it actually is a big mistake, 
  3 of my great aunts have lived in germany ever since they came there as little girls pre-wwii their names are typical german names like hildegard and frida , they are very patriotic german citizens , speak german to their german spouses , eat/speak/talk / think thoroughly german etc. 
  the only thing that is n't 100 % german about them is their ancestry and country of birth ( slovene ) . 
  my great-grandfather made great efforts to completely assimilate his children into german society and succeeded . 
  all it takes is the will from both the immigrant and the host and immigration/integration/assimilation can be a pretty seamless process . 
  i dont know what to tell you man i hope you arent being serious becauae there is nothing offensive in that statement, 
  if there is literally no correlation between religious ideology and behavior why are islamists disproportionately represented in the last few decades ' terror attacks , all around the world ? 
  if there is no problem with assimilation , why have more british muslims joined isis than joined the british army ? 
  i think most people know what she meant from context, 
  america is one of the best assimilation machines in the history of mankind , and jingoistic displays of patriotism are everywhere . 
  obviously this is n't proof but i 'm certain german-style * multikulti * , `` do n't do anything and hope for the best '' mass immigration from foreign cultures is n't the way to go for the future . 
  more british muslims have joined isis than have joined the british military . 
  this alone should send shivers down europe 's spine regarding the future of its immigrant communities . 
  if one of the things we can do to counter this is making people sing 18th century songs about how our ancestors killed prussians then so be it . 
  the rest of your comment falls into the `` we have failed assimilation '' part of my original comment , so naturally i agree . 
  there are no competent border checks on external eu/schengen borders at the moment . 
  how do you think all the migrants pass through hungary without registering ? 
  saying that it will be the same thing but smaller is not reassuring, 
   if you are descended from migrants it 's hard to hear this and still feel that you are part of the ` enfants de la patries ' rather than those invading ` f\u00e9roces soldats ' . 
  yeah and that 's the fucking problem , you should absolutely feel like you are as much an enfant de la patrie as any other frenchman/englishman/german , or we can safely say immigration has completely failed on its promise to assimilate the newcomers and make them entirely our own . 
  as the old saying goes , we all come from africa and we are therefore all descended from migrants . 
  eventually we all coalesced into distinct groups and if you refuse to be a part of the group you 've / your parents joined ... well you 're a huge part of the problem . 
   it 's exactly like the current system only on a smaller scale . 
  if it 's exactly like the current system poles will just get in by jumping over the external `` mini-schengen '' borders, 
  i was actually asking a serious question how could these witnesses say he 's dressed like a wahhabi ? 
  a taqiyah , djellaba , a beard without a mustache ? 
  someone else already answered tho, 
   o\u010devici su policiji prenijeli informacije kako je napada\u010d navodno bio ** odjeven poput vehabija ** yeah i 'm pretty sure this is it , ca n't see any way it can be something else . 
  how does a wahhabi dress though ? 
  op 's article did n't specify it , but it seems pretty clear from the context of the shooting that this is an islamist attack . 
  oh shit  opened fire with an automatic rifle at a betting shop gambling is haram ... please tell me this is n't islamic terrorism seeping into bosnia, 
  my sister has stopped using the subway too btw , so yes she is quite terrified and is covering all of her bases, 
  my sister was planning on going to germany in the spring , she and my mother are now panicking because `` what if terrorists blow up the plane or germany ! '', 
  i told them the terrorists have gotten exactly what they want from them, 
  it 's fucking depressing , as i said i have an extremely hard time believing it even happened . 
  i was not even born/a kid during the 90s wars so it 's much more abstract to me but still just as horrifying tbh  and it 's easy to find bloodthirsty nationalist willing to do the killing if you know where to look .
