  they are still 17 times more likely to commit that particular crime . 
   but people who use these statistics usually want to put the entire country into detention centers for it . 
  no offense , but i 'm pretty sure this is an example of the genetic fallacy . 
  to go where ? 
  to add to your point , i think a great part of the anti-immigration side would be satisfied if all immigrants from such cultures had to go through much more stringent social assimilation programs . 
  those would get extremely criticized by the left though . 
  i highly doubt his comment was written out of ill will . 
  yeah iranians and algerian do n't look european most of the time , but it 's not a stretch to say that a non-negligible subset of people from mena can pass for europeans . 
  i personally know quite a few . 
  an anarchist this is joke, 
  why did you put assimilated in quotes though, 
   like the time sweden moved immigrants into a small town in the north and they refused to get off the bus . 
  hahaha wow, 
  they 're not at replacement rates . 
   well you and i disagree ideologically then that 's really it , man , no hard feelings . 
  our disagreement is on a very fundamental level and wo n't change from a little reddit quarrel . 
  i mean you could make more efforts to not have a declining population you know . 
  i do n't think it 's going to turn out for the best if you just keep importing new waves of foreigners every few decades . 
  what i was originally trying to say modern european states were founded as nation-states , that is states that represent a distinct ethnocultural group , and not as immigrant countries like the usa . 
   rescue dogs bad comparison lad i do n't know anybody as well-behaved as a rescue dog, 
   `` if the decision is positive the refugee can stay , but if it is not positive we can not give shelter to the economic migrants , we can not bear that burden , so they will be returned where they come from . '', 
  meaning serbia ? 
  give me your tired , your poor may be the way the usa has approached the issue of building its population , but there is no need for europe to do the same , as pretty much all countries in europe are nation-states . 
  especially not from nigeria , one of the most prosperous countries in sub-saharan africa . 
   ask what the [ ... ] serbian police/border guards did to them . 
  they beated , looted and teargassed them randomly dude . 
  maybe one policeman did that but most refugees take no issue with serbia and the way the gov ' t treats them . 
  we just let them on their merry way, 
  well yeah obviously that 's all true but you were making it seem as if there were concentration camps all over the americas for 500 years, 
   while the trade unions can argue that the eu is the best chance of achieving a socialist workers state . 
  in which case they 'd be massively wrong, 
  many native american populations diminished in comparison to euros because europeans made more babies and came in droves . 
  not every immigration wave was conquistador tier also the europeans would have seen themselves as the first category, 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  not all native american cultures were victims of genocide . 
  many just withered into irrelevance due to massive demographic changes caused by european immigration . 
  i only know of `` cigan '' which is n't offensive in and of itself . 
  what do you guys use ? 
  : / it 's a bad situation , that 's the only indisputable thing . 
  western europe has a lot of work to do to not let this get to unmanageable proportions, 
   just the ( slim ) potential of it happening should not serve as an argument against taking in refugees currently in my opinion oh absolutely !, 
  i hope my comments did n't come off as against taking refugees , i was really just talking about general immigration trends . 
   political disunity will always be the greatest impediment to any european response to the issue : it is much less a national issue than one that concerns europe as a whole . 
  the belgian , german , polish , finnish , portuguese ... governments on their own can do nothing about refugees in hungary , italy , and greece ; the migrant issue presents a great moral conundrum for the eu , which is why many perceive only inaction and hesitation appears to have been the response . 
  absolutely , which is why i ca n't wait for governments to get back in session . 
  with the winter coming , they should have time to find a better solution than this shit we have to deal with now . 
  very interesting article , thank you !, 
  quite surprised i 've never encountered a source like that . 
  i 'll make it sure to read it later . 
   so far , what you are saying about africa are only predictions , and very unreliable ones . 
  population growth will not necessarily increase the numbers of refugees , it mainly depends on how africa develops . 
  yeah , it absolutely does rest on how africa develops , all we can do is help them construct solid , self-sustaining economies and societies . 
  i would n't call these predictions unreliable though . 
  also btw i was n't talking about refugees just plain old immigrants . 
  i 'd like to take an optimistic outlook , but i think it 's good to be skeptic of the situation . 
  obviously it 'd be fantastic if all those problems fixed themselves pretty much , but i do n't think it 'll be so easy . 
  a lot of work ahead . 
   this does n't account for the hundred thousand asylum-seekers in the balkans ( serbia ... ) , lol touch\u00e9  nor does it take in account for continuing violence in northeastern africa ( south sudan , eritrea , and somalia ) , but that 's still the vast majority of migrants , and it 's also worth noting that many refugees will seek to return to their home countries eventually . 
  i hope so , it 'll be better for everyone involved . 
  but i sincerely fear when i hear about the uncertain future of the third world . 
  people are going to suffer a lot if things do n't get better ( and if the west does n't change its consumption habits like right now tbh ) , and those problems are not going to magically go away if all of the poor and weary come to europe . 
   birth rates adapt rather quickly to the new environent . 
  the second generation of immigrants will already only have a birthrate marginally higher than the ethnic population . 
  really ? 
  source pls never heard about that phenomenon  the population increase in the last decades in africa has not resulted in large amounts of people coming to europe . 
  even now , the lions share that is coming from there is coming from eritrea , a country of origin that justifies getting asylum . 
  nobody coming here is fleeing population growth but civil war ( and poverty for the people that are denied ) . 
  maybe it 's still sustainable for there not to be hordes of economic migrants rushing onto the european coast , but quite a bit of immigrants have come from african and asian countries to europe in the past decades , it 's not really a secret . 
  if tensions are rising with numbers you insist are more or less negligible , imagine how much they 'll be when climate change starts completely wrecking some people 's countries , and if africa 's growth [ continues , which it probably will ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21613349-end-century-almost-half-worlds-children-may-be-african-can-it ) . 
   organize direct airplane transport from around syria to germany . 
  this would probably satisfy the german government , and help syrian refugees . 
  i think it was meant to slow them down , and facilitate border control for hungarian border police . 
  does n't mean it 'll happen through refugees , but through the fact that pretty much all immigrants to germany have much higher birthrates than the native one . 
  the population is already 20 % foreign national/migrant background . 
  combine that with the fact that africa 's population is set to explode in the coming decades ... germany is in for a wild ride is all we can say for now, 
  your posts beg to differ, 
  born and raised so ye america had more money though so that 's where he went what do you have against eastern europe though , did a slav touch you as a kid or something ? 
  you 're sperging all over the thread . 
   `` whatever has to do with obstacles , we are against it , '' avramopoulos said . 
  `` but on the other hand we must protect the european borders . '', 
  man you 're pretty ignorant if you think tesla was some bumbling peasant and magically became one of the greatest scientists of the 19th/20th century when he came to ny . 
  i do n't think this guy is claiming tesla was a croat though i have heard weirder things ... 
   if they assimilate into european society in that time i have no problem keeping them , otherwise i agree . 
  me neither , but the reality is it 's incredibly difficult to assimilate people from completely different cultures . 
  insanely difficult . 
  some 4th gen french kids , descendants from algerian immigrants , are at risk of radicalization man . 
  it 's so much harder to do than just offering language courses . 
  unless they are pretty much indistinguishable from the average native citizen in mastery of the language , worldviews , values , etc. 
  and they themselves consider themselves proudly french/british/german / swedish/etc . , pledge allegiance to no other foreign country/state/terrorist organization , they should leave . 
  in brief just be careful not to have a thousand little kosovos pop up all over western europe, 
  yeah man but realize that syria 's cities have been destroyed , a lot of them , so they 'll be destitute for a long while . 
  investing in reconstruction efforts post-war and sending them back is a better option imo . 
  i was n't talking about war refugees from syria though , i was asking about people who are destitute , very poor . 
  it 's unsustainable and really ludicrous to think we can solve world poverty this way . 
  not only that , we 'll completely mess up europe and create crazy tensions if the plan is to make europe a homeless shelter . 
  this is a pretty straightforward , though usa centric , video on the topic . 
   considering tens of thousands of asylum applications have been denied over the last few years in europe , there should be ample evidence that this is happening . 
  where is it ? 
  sorry if i misinterpreted your words , i thought this was your way of saying that they would n't act the way the comment you originally replied to said they would . 
   yes , but how is that relevant to my request for evidence that denied asylum seekers turn to violent criminality ?
