  definitely not a populist . 
   the refugee crisis is n't a ` european problem ' wishful thinking , mr. ignatieff ( the canadian ? 
  ) , it 's our problem whether we like it or not . 
  that is until we construct a landbridge from the lebanese coast to the east coast . 
   i can say that westerners really wanted to believe in their optimism and humanitarian powers . 
  i hope that is not the case with the migrant crisis , but i fear it is . 
  you can say that again , and for your last point ? 
  i guarantee it . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 just one instance among others, 
  if buckfrost had n't mentioned thw word white all would have been fine and dandy , but he did for some reason if you want my point of view , yeah native europeans should be careful not to become minorities in their own nation-states , but hey that 's just my opinion , western europe can do what it wants, 
  terrible idea, 
  they got wrecked, 
  sevdalinke are so good , love them . 
  pretty interesting how the portuguese have the very similar saudade, 
  that pays off in dividends of parallel societies and ethnic enclaves ? 
  i do n't know if you 're being facetious but what you just said is true . 
  while pretty much everyone i know in serbia would leave for a better life elsewhere , none of them would try for refugee status in germany because they know they 'd get rejected . 
  gypsies on the other hand have been going to germany and getting deported + few marks you give them for years . 
   the influx will actually be beneficial in the long run . 
  how ? 
  and to whom ? 
  the german nation-state ? 
  or the crony capitalists who need a lot of desperate workers in order to keep wages down ? 
   integreate them into communities the fact that you say this in the same breath as `` give them language training '' , as if those two tasks were just as easy , reveals that you guys do n't realize how difficult it is to actually `` integrate '' ( assimilation is the goal btw , it 's what you should aim for ) immigrants in the numbers they are coming in . 
  i 'm not even talking about refugees right now , just mass immigration in general . 
  enjoy your hundreds of little kosovos western europe , it 'll be interesting to watch it unfold . 
  those are pretty much 99 % gypsies , and they do it because they get more money from the few euros you give them while they 're waiting in germany to be processed/deported than they ever would here in serbia . 
  source ? 
  that 's a crazy story, 
  maybe you 're right , but i was referring to a japan-type demographic crisis , which afaik could have happened if europe had n't jumped onto the immigration train . 
  yeah but you were being sarcastic , no ? 
  who starts a serious sentence with `` ok , font of logic , tell me this ... '', 
  yes offense, 
  and not only that , but western countries need to boost their birthrates , so that we do n't have to resort to immigration to keep a sufficient working age population and not die out . 
  he was basically calling you a smartass, 
  like which ? 
  as with all thing it depends on how you look at it . 
  if some of those reformers came to 2015 europe yeah they 'd be seen as old-fashioned . 
  however , luther et al. 
  definitely started a trend of free-thinking , individualism , emphasis on the importance of literacy/education , egalitarianism , etc. 
  some of the more radical reformers were basically proto-communists . 
  i highly recommend dan carlin 's prophets of doom podcast if you want an entertaining account of one of the craziest bits of the reformation . 
   remember , these are the same idiots who have convinced a large sway of people that racism does n't mean discriminating based on race , but rather , that only white dudes can be racist . 
  because privilege . 
  wow you really did n't understand that lesson in sociology 101 did you privilege = / = only white dudes can be racist , no matter what some 13-year-old on tumblr might say, 
   not a single human being in the entire world uses the word `` nation '' in this manner . 
  wtf ? 
  yes they do ? 
  countless numbers of people who actually know what they 're talking about do , stop acting like it 's some kind of esoteric academic term https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation_state https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation, 
   nobody cares about identity and culture not sure about that, 
  yeah people on reddit sometimes underestimate the contribution of christianity to the modern era . 
  the protestant reformation was a necessary precursor to pretty much all modern european values . 
  jeez man no need to get all passive agressive about it . 
  he 's just stating what might very well happen, 
  the church was like a proto-eu at one point, 
  atheism/secular humanism with highly christian roots is the dominant `` religion '' so to speak in europe . 
  yeah i do n't see any reason for them not to have the right to go out of the camp . 
  just that if they 're already as settled as they can , i do n't see where else they would want to go , which is what i meant, 
  war is hell, 
   i think a lot of countries in europe would benefit more in regards to integration if they had a stronger national identity . 
  well you have to realize that european countries already have national identities , some of them very strong , but because our states are nation-states , that identity is pretty much 100 % of the time ethnic . 
  some countries ( like uk for example , and france ) are trying to move away from that but at the core all modern european countries , even those two , are nation-states . 
  it 's not exactly the same task here and in america . 
  you get teased for your patriotism , but damn we 'd all be lying if we did n't recognize how well you assimilated all immigrants into a common identity ( tbf only the ones that looked alike were integrated into the white identity . 
  there is still a long way to go in the total integration of say black americans into prosperous american society ) , the fact that irish/czech/german / dutch/scandinavians/eastern europeans/italian all see themselves as part of the same `` group '' is a laudable feat . 
  i would n't let go of it if i were you . 
  careful with that national pride germany ... jk, 
   lumped into the same category as neo-nazis and anti-immigration people . 
  you just did that  jk but really anti-immigration and neo-nazi are * really * not in the same category, 
   this was vehemently opposed by the left , who viewed the measure as nationalist chauvinism and forced `` germanfication '' . 
  wtf those people are deluded there is * no * argument one can make against making immigrants learn the local language, 
  this is one of the better ideas i 've read about the whole crisis . 
  why are n't more politicians clamoring for it ? 
  it seems like a plausible , centrist , and constructive idea . 
  pol can be very funny if you do n't take it seriously, 
  me too i mean it 's obvious there 's been a huge surge , but i need a shiny graphic, 
  they 're not exactly asking for it, 
   the half truth is that 17 times as many sounds like it 's a huge percentage when you still need measure it in occurences per 100,000 people . 
  i 'm not saying the data is wrong , just that it is presented in a way that aims to lead to the wrong conclusions . 
  as all statistics are , unfortunately . 
  damned lies , as they say . 
  however i do n't think it 's manipulation of data to conclude from these stats ( and other elements from the immigrants ' backgrounds , including their ideas about women which they get from their home culture/family upbringing/religion/etc . ), 
  that differences in behavior between natives and immigrants are not negligible . 
   there are so few offenders that they are still only individual people that need to be weeded out , not enough to label all immigrants/refugees as potentially dangerous . 
  [ many leading feminists would disagree ] ( http://i.imgur.com/naj1bzk.png ) , and it 's not a question of painting all people with the same brush due to statistics ( at least i hope not ) , but simply of recognizing that differences in values between immigrants and natives are very real and something to be taken into account when formulating policy . 
   i was n't trying to defuse the argument with that statement . 
  i can see how you can interpret it like that , so i guess that 's my own fault . 
  i was trying to underline my point that people who see these statistics often come to the false conclusion that every one of these people is dangerous . 
  no problem , i get what you mean , call those people out when you see them by all means , but the commentor who posted the link about finland was n't making those claims . 
  at best sweden will become a kind of little america in europe , only with less assimilated immigrants , at worst there will be a civil war at some point in time . 
  the only thing it wo n't be anymore is a swedish nation-state, 
   did we ever interfere in middle eastern policies ? 
  alright then , should every country in europe have to shoulder the burden when it 's only a few that participated in doing anything in the middle east , ever . 
  besides it 's much too simplistic to say that europe caused isis . 
  i say this as someone who is very anti-interventionist in the large majority of cases . 
  i read somewhere that many african villages work with a kind of rotating crowdfunding system , where all the families contribute a monthly fee and get a lump sum once a year to buy something major for the whole village to benefit from . 
  obviously this only works due to extremely high trust levels in such a tight-knit community though . 
  i would n't be surprised if many of the economic migrants to europe were funded in a similar manner . 
  pretty interesting, 
  i do n't see how that makes it a half-truth .
