  haha yeah i felt the same way , and felt a tinge of guilt for not having the same reaction to the news of beheadings . 
  we 're far too removed from the reality of such violence and desensitized for it to hit us hard enough , but whenever they do something we do n't really hear about everyday , like destroying ruins and sculptures or torturing animals , it gets us angrier . 
  i would n't trust the american military with this though , as i am pretty sure they had their hand in creating isis and `` promoting democracy '' by funding rebels and sending arms or some other shady lord of war type shit . 
  it 's not like they 'd be setting a historical precedent by doing it in the middle-east this time around , and the dirty war profiteers at the head of their military industrial complex would find a way to squeeze every dollar out of it . 
  [ ever seen shock doctrine ] ( https://vimeo.com/26718047 ) ? 
  if not go ahead and get on that right now . 
   i 'm glad that i 'm not one of the decision-makers you can say that again . 
  whatever move those people do is going to get slammed by a lot of people . 
  ideally syria stabilizes yes , and they get to move back to their beautiful ( i really hope the war did n't destroy everything , though some incredible cities are basically dust now ) and once quite stable country . 
  for that to happen , war profiteers and islamist government have to stop adding oil to the fire . 
  the people that are saying let them drown are pretty disgusting though completely agree with you on that, 
  i guess that 's true to a certain extent , i just do n't see how this whole situation is sustainable . 
  europe ca n't accept everyone who is having problems around the world , and i do n't see why it should . 
  telling everyone to come over if they 're struggling will only exacerbate the ethnic tensions that are starting to appear , like you pointed out . 
  western europe is incredibly fucking naive to think that the people shouting `` auslander raus '' the other day are going to become happy internationalists if they just ban them from talking . 
  especially when [ stuff like this does n't seem to be stopping anytime soon ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/asylum-seekers-outnumber-locals-in-german-village-a-844818.html ) . 
  afaik the mediterranean route is mostly used by migrants from african countries , a lot of which are pretty stable and safe . 
  syrians and other middle-easterners walk through the balkans . 
  regardless , it 's idiotic that anyone can just turn up and say they lost their passport and be let in . 
  i also think the usa/west should n't have fucking meddled in middle-east politics so much , but ca n't really do nothing about that can we . 
  while i agree that letting people drown is disgusting , i see no reason for europe not to institute a policy like australia 's on boat refugees . 
  accompanied by a strongly worded message [ like australia 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt12wh4a92w ) it should do the trick , at least for the mediterranean route . 
  1 what makes you think it leads them to question extremism ? 
  even if that is true for first generation muslims , their children and their children 's children are often extremely attracted to fighting for islam in europe . 
  in my opinion , this stems from a lack of assimilation , but i did not come to the same conclusion as i assume you may have ( i.e. 
  we must do more to integrate them ) . 
  it is extremely difficult , as in no possible example in history i can think of , to have a successful society where two different large nations/ethnic groups live in the same country and have no issues with each other/no one group is significantly marginalized . 
  in the past , these issues were often solved through processes like assimilation ( which , while aggressive and often inhumane to a certain extent , is very effective ) or finally exploded in civil conflicts . 
  history is * rich * with such examples , i can name one that i am personally familiar with , yugoslavia 's breakup , but you should not be under the impression that your glorious liberal democracy is immune from ethnic tension . 
  socialist yugoslavia was a glorious country and everything disappeared in an orgy of rape and destruction extremely fast . 
  your hdi and gdp per capita will mean nothing when the muslim regions attack the german ones or whatever . 
  i am of the opinion that you should attempt to prevent anything like this from happening in your countries , and you only have two options : stop attempting to turn your country into america or suffer from ethnic tensions destroying your country once again , either through genocidal dictatorships or civil war . 
  2 obviously , this means you should stop cooperating with the usa until they stop acting like world police , get out of nato until they stop cooperating with the usa and revamp their whole organization , immediately eliminate all support of foreign intervention neoimperialistic policies . 
  also , distribute birth control in countries that have too many babies , and promote births in your own . 
  this is literally the best thing you could do to stop this madness but you 'll never do it unfortunately . 
  accepting immigrants/refugees at this level will never help them enough , but it 'll completely change your country in negative ways . 
  [ it 's simply a numbers game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ) . 
  africa 's population is going to explode in the decades to come . 
  will there ever be a point where even the diehard leftists in western europe will step back and say `` woah let 's calm down a bit '' ? 
  hypothetically at what point would you switch opinions in the immigration debate ? 
  3 ah yes , the famous empires of ireland , iceland , norway , finland , czech , slovakia , poland , baltics , croatia , serbia , bosnia , slovenia , montenegro , albania , macedonia , hungary , romania , bulgaria , greece , ukraine , and malta . 
  seriously , you have to stop saying europeans , as if all nation-states on this continent committed the same crimes . 
  but once again , accepting enough immigrants is not going to help them enough . 
  if you actually want to help them , go about it a different way . 
  one example : donate half of your money to them . 
  assuage your guilt by distributing the robber barons ' coffers to the poor africans , but do n't go ahead and import your former colonies ' populations to germany . 
  it wo n't help anyone in the long term . 
   yes - the world ca n't sustain the current use of resources . 
  maybe that means that some countries have to reduce the amount they use today . 
  completely agree . 
  do n't see how immigration is going to fix this . 
  they do n't want to stay in serbia trorollel, 
  possibly , this thread got confusing : /, 
  lol hope not then we 'd have to find another date to celebrate it, 
  which then creates problems like a massive demographic decline and the need to import as many foreigners as possible , which then opens up another set of problems . 
  germany is not unique in this sense , all western countries suffer from this exact same problem , brought on by the exact same set of circumstances . 
  even japan has a very very very similar problem , but they 're not accepting immigrants . 
  clearly a balance needs to be found because the current system is unsustainable . 
  i do n't think anybody contests that european muslims exist . 
  these migrants shouting takbirs at the borders of europe are not really showing their ability to respect the countries that they 're trying to get to . 
  when the migrants look like an invading ottoman army , it might be time for them to reevaluate is what i 'm trying to say . 
  pretty sure none of those migrants are planning on settling in albania or bosnia though . 
  you 're damn right brother, 
  their settlements/families are very easy to recognize , but you 'd be able to recognize one if he/she were in a lineup of other europeans because they look slightly northern indian . 
  [ example ] ( http://i.livescience.com/images/i/000/058/361/i02/roma.jpg?1382558410 ), 
  lol which destruction ? 
  pagan one ? 
  muslim one ? 
  there was more than one , and do n't you forget * that * christianity was , and is , by far a net good for humanity and western civilization . 
  ok then , i do n't use r/european and never have , and i agree with what he said . 
  care to engage and not just ad hominem ? 
  i 've inherited my dad 's heavy * cuckanje * and use it all the time even my friends have started tutting over here i 've picked up the caribbean teeth sucking thing from my haitian friends , it 's like a turbocharged tut . 
   the whole hatred between nations will fade away with time . 
  i hope it will , but i do n't think it as effortlessly as you say . 
  seselj was young once too , his old age/upbringing is not the only reason behind his antics . 
  really the only time i can think of when the region was united and peaceful was under tito , and that was the furthest thing from a hand-off approach . 
  wait a minute , if i understand correctly , neo-nazis in sweden are actually leftists , and gaining numbers because no one else talks about it/are all pro-immigration ? 
  is your leftist nazi party you speak of really the only option in sweden ? 
  since when is this the case ? 
  post-renaissance/dutch golden age ? 
  or before ? 
  i heard you have a bible belt of some sorts too , with very devout protestants that live more inland . 
  we do n't hear much about them , how do the more urban dutch see them ? 
  it 's quite interesting to see what ideologies certain countries in europe adopted . 
  i wonder how it happened in sweden . 
  i know the netherlands are kind of historically renowned for being the most tolerant place in europe , accepting jewish refugees after their expulsion from spain and whatnot . 
  i 'm not swedish so obviously i have no firsthand experiences but from what i understand from talking to swedes on the internet their media/political landscape leans very much to the left ( [ wiki on bias in swedish media ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/media_of_sweden#ideological_and_political_bias_in_reporting ) ) and actually ignores problems with immigration in debates/media . 
  i do n't know if this is fact though, 
  mate i did n't say anything about the debate at large , just telling you that verse-flinging is a shit-tier debate style in regards to religious topics . 
  a book is not violent , it can not be . 
  large religions also do not function in a way where everyone is left to their own devices to `` interpret however they want '' , this is a wrong approach to understanding how abrahamic religions work ( holy books are not instruction manuals ) . 
  scripture is * never * divorced from the church , its surrounding teachings , and the community that forms around it . 
  this is the main reason why verse-flinging is shit because it is entirely divorced from context ( context does not just mean the paragraph the verse is situated in , it 's so much more than that ) and becomes useless for proving any point , much like statistics . 
  for many reasons , some of them probably being that jesus is a much more peaceful and pacifist character than muhammad as he is described in islam , christianity today is completely different from islam , even though both religions consider texts that talk about genocide as holy texts . 
  stop verse-flinging pls , it 's the worse way to talk about religion . 
  the reality is that not a single christian church in europe supports the stoning of homosexuals and adulterers , and this is because what you think that verse means is n't how the church , * any * church , sees it . 
  you may take issue with that but it 's the reality . 
  the same can not be said for islam . 
  oh i believe you about the video being biased , just a look at the title/description/comments tells me that but from what german i know the subtitles seemed relatively accurate , and i still do n't understand the nuance in the correction you made : / never mind though i 'll just ask my dad to translate later personally though i think free movement of peoples is a crazy utopic vision that wo n't happen pretty much ever . 
  i mean , we europeans could n't even handle living under united multi-ethnic empires/states in the past why would that happen all of a sudden ?
