  you want to talk about bias ? 
  this sub is literally like r/russia but with pro-american and anti-russian positions sometimes . 
  i 'll continue calling it out when i see it . 
  r/socialism is just a sub about socialism, 
  i notice the opposite every time i say something critical of america , and in most cases including this thread it 's not whataboutism it 's just critique as i do n't support russia , i get hit with the downvotes and the same idiots trying to `` whatabaout serbia ! '', 
  to silence me and steer the discussion away from america 's crimes . 
  funny how all of you rabid anti-russians will revert to soviet rhetoric the moment it fits you . 
  this sub is disgustingly pro-american foreign policy , i feel like i 'm reading the fucking national review are you an american transplant ? 
  obama shill ? 
  what gives ? 
  usually romanians are n't this blind, 
  lmaoooo cant believe people support this jingoistic american bullshit always butting into any criticism of america with `` but what about your crimes xd '' our criminals were thankfully all tried and convicted while theirs still run the government like they have for the past 200 years carefully awaiting more sarcastic dismissal with a good measure of genocide jokes  ) ) ), 
  thing is we or our neighbours have n't done such a thing in 20 + years and all the guilty have been convicted and tried . 
  meanwhile cheney et co are not in prison , are they ? 
  good analysis , thank you for commenting, 
  america only invades browns so who cares, 
  it 's a question of changing mentalities too , if the only way russians can identify with russia is with its imperialism then that is a bad thing . 
  i do n't expect it to happen anytime soon , but as a goal i think it 's what the eu should strive towards . 
  a federal eu would be , iirc , at least the second strongest and richest country on earth , if not the first . 
  here 's a thought , how about an independent europe independent from both american and russian political influence, 
  how do they view them differently unless you 're talking about people conflating arabs or darker-skinned individuals with muslims i 've just never heard of anyone saying anything along the lines of `` these white muslims can be salvaged but these brown muslims ca n't '', 
  lmao keep fighting the good fight neizzyfunk, 
  really no need for / s, 
  well i do n't know what happened with those soviet mars landings but i just wanted to clarify that not landing = / = not scientific success in any case i support both russians and americans getting butthurt about who has the best space program because that 's what led to the space race , so continue provoking pls, 
   fucked it up that 's not how science works man ... 
  listen to serbete and to you is before grandfather ? 
  as far as i can go w/o google translate lmao, 
   that 's why people think white muslims can be `` saved/salvaged '' while brown muslims should be deported . 
  who thinks this, 
  watch this ... 
  i think both are ok for any reason, 
  your parents ( or you , depending on how old you are ) lived in a socialist country that was n't totalitarian and that most citizens enjoyed . 
  you * must * be aware of this , that not all communism results in the same thing . 
  what 's the point of bringing north korea , a semi-feudal dictatorship , into it . 
  i do n't know , while nice and sarcastic that quip is pretty demeaning towards manual laborers, 
  haha fuck you guys are killing me how the fuck are all comments in bulgarian lmao, 
  lot of interesting hairstyles in russia, 
  true , but that 's a slight against ottoman imperialism not serbia . 
  i mean it 's just one example but it 's undeniable that the parts of modern-day serbia with the best urbanism are the ones that were under austrian rule . 
  pretty dumb to fight over which empire ruled us was better ... but do n't tell me you actually identify with austria-hungary ? 
  that 's pretty revisionist , [ pic related ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xhnq4p1.png ) . 
  hopefully you know a non-negligible number of croats were highly opposed to austrian rule . 
  a lot of the early pan-slavists , yugoslavists , and members of the illyrian movement were croats . 
  i guess i 'm just curious as to what your real positions are . 
  do you actually really believe in `` gothic croats '' and `` aryans '' and all that , or is it just memes ? 
   diaspora balkanites are the worst and they all get on my nerves , they 're all super-uber-nationalistic  panonia lmao your most recent comment is calling serbia `` uncivilized eastern neighbors '' get over yourself boy i do n't get you man sometimes you make sense ( like in this comment ) other times you act like a nationalistic troglodyte , the same ones you 're calling out now, 
  ou bellicisme, 
   identity has to be built on a uniform language . 
  that 's certainly a very important part of it . 
  in yugoslavia after the war in the 90s the different dialects of serbo-croatian were highly politicized and attempts to distance the 100 % mutually intelligible regional differences from others were aggressively implemented by the nationalist governments of the new countries . 
  which is why there seems to be a huge amount of `` distinct languages '' in the region ( eg serbian and its varieties croatian and its varieties bosnian and its varieties montenegrin serbo-croatian etc ) when in reality everyone understands everyone another interesting tidbit i heard once ( whose veracity i can not ascertain ) is that the kkk used to stand in the back of german churches in the usa to make sure the service was in english/didn ' t spread anti-american messages . 
  who is us in this scenario ? 
  europeans ? 
  portuguese ? 
  white people ? 
   even before ( and it 'd have to be true , right ? ), 
  july 4 , 1776 , there was a distinctly ` american ' flavor of the anglo-saxon identity that existed among the otherwise ` british ' people who colonized the area and took swathes of it away from competing dutch and french claims on the aboriginal people 's territories . 
  true , [ albion 's seed ] ( http://www.amazon.ca/albions-seed-british-folkways-america/dp/0195069056 ) is a particularly interesting book on the english roots of some aspects of american culture  some flavoring from the 18th , 19th , and 21st century additions of europe and latin america . 
  as well as africa , an oft ignored source of many modern american traditions  how valid do you think a `` macedonian '' identity is ? 
  a popular conspiracy theory ( may even be true in some part , not sure ) is that tito created it http://www.cc.ece.ntua.gr/~conster/english/pagedata/mac_tito.htm, 
  where can i buy this, 
  intuitively i think a eu that is n't contiguous is pointless seems like biting off more than it could chew i mean what 's the end goal then ? 
  absorbing the entirety of the earth into the eu ? 
  could you offer a brief summary of his main points ? 
  do you see eu at that point being a sovereign country , like the usa ? 
  or an even looser union than it is today, 
  hmm ok i get what you mean , but as i say i do n't think russian imperialism is significantly more evil than us imperialism a us drone in yemen does as much damage as a russian mortar in ukraine ( maybe not as much but you get the point ), 
   preferably splitting it up between serbia and albania can of worms, 
  at that point the european in european union starts losing all meaning, 
  that 's because we 're already a shoo-in mate ;o), 
  if we 're going to fantasize if russia was ever reduced to a rump state with c. 1584/pre-eastward expansion borders i would n't count the idea of them joining the eu this is assuming some kind of massive military expansion from east asia and a world war level crisis , who knows if eu would even exist after that, 
  lmao common balkan joke that felt all too real recently, 
  i 'd say looking at international power struggles through the lens of `` rights '' is fallacious from the get-go it 'd be nice if both russia and america stopped competing but i do n't see it happening any time soon , as both are trying to ensure their respective elites ' interests ( expansion , economic or militaristic ), 
  looks like there is only one solution megali w h e n, 
  i thought sarko was hungarian jewish in origin no ? 
  the way i see it , russians have a `` we are a superpower '' mentality and national identity ( like americans ) , and are trying to keep/consolidate their power in the face of their dwindling influence in eastern europe/caucasus/asia . 
  `` multipolarity '' and `` countering american hegemony '' are key phrases of any pro-russian 's vocabulary , which are n't ignoble goals in and of themselves , but deceptive because under the guise of anti-imperialism is hidden simply another imperialism , less liberal and just as capitalistic/expansionist/militaristic . 
  i interact often with staunch putinists and other proponents of 21st century russian imperialism and it is very hard to persuade them to abandon their position because on the surface , russian power is effectively countering american power , but what good is countering americans if what you 're replacing their influence with is even worse ? 
  i just would n't call russians themselves evil , or even close to the evil of isis . 
   because russia is shopping for military bases in cuba , nicaragua , and venezuela , by your logic the us is completely within its rights to invade any of those countries . 
  ... is this satire ? 
  because this is literally the story of 20th century central and south america, 
  your point thus boils down to `` going against a society 's hivemind wo n't give you good results '' , which i entirely agree with why you decided to then say `` easier to see when you replace the word `` russia '' with `` isis '' '' is what i found comically anti-russian, 
  fuuuucking hell can this sub get any more comical in its hatred of russia it 's good to criticize but cool it with the hyperbole, 
  i almost bite the bait , every time, 
  i do n't know , i do n't buy the idea that catholic church patronage was somehow more biased or less honorable than other art patronage , from rich merchants in florence or german princes or whatever . 
  some could even say it was a better form of patronage , because the church wanted art that represented the glory of god or other `` eternal themes '' , and not ego inflating portraits kings and merchants would order ( among other pieces ) . 
  though i agree with you about the progress in the arts that came with the dutch golden age ( due to rising wealth among the `` middle class '' ) , i still think that considering the economic limitations artists had in the church 's heyday , the church did a great job of financing some world-class artists and thereby creating the phenomenal heritage that is european religious art . 
  yeah , i just watched a short video of it and saw a few pictures , made me real uncomfortable and i 've only heard stories from friends and family about what happened . 
  makes me wonder how wwii vets feel towards wwii games , or iraq/afgahnistan/vietnam war vets towards games that represent those wars in often hyper-realistic ways, 
  my favorite turner [ painting ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/turner_-_rain,_steam_and_speed_-_national_gallery_file.jpg ), 
  i really do n't understand why that makes you discount italian artists how does church patronage discredit anyone 's work ? 
  holy fucking shit what is this game pretty sure this game would trigger ptsd in everyone that 's lived through sarajevo in the 90s, 
  you could also ask r/serbia btw, 
  thing is someone who is n't ready to work that hard in university probably already is n't working that hard in high school, 
  how many people still go through with the decision to pursue medical studies even when the informatif test tells them their chances of graduating as very low , is there any data available on that ? 
  because i assume letting everyone join results in massive drop out rates in the first years of studies, 
  i mean , it 's understandable , they were treated pretty shittily by the russian empire/ussr but holy shit sometimes it seems a little excessive ( e.g. 
  this dude 's comment implying that serbia would , what , be a double agent and help russia invade lithuania from within the eu ? 
  lmao ),
