   which there is n't . 
  there is though , in serbia, 
  protip : do n't listen to baltics in regards to russia if you want a level-headed , non paranoid opinion / s but also a bit of truth, 
  yeah that too lends credence to the ploy theory also tomislav is pretty embarassing in general so that might be the answer , just him being a dumbass i cringed when he made the `` russia mother '' comments, 
  wew surprisingly accurate, 
  this is like in civ v when you forget to get a peace treaty with the city-state allies of another civilization you had a war with and ended eventually . 
  lmao you 're pretty naive mate, 
   playing both sides is exactly what serbia should do right now it 's what the pm/president are doing on the diplomacy scene , former does the eu posturing latter does the russia posturing pm has most power and his party is very pro-eu so i think it 's a ploy like you say, 
  warning more spoilers well i think emily blunt was supposed to be the audience surrogate , and represent the standard `` protect and serve the constitution '' , while del toro and the other guy ( cia ) are supposed to show the dark underbelly of american justice and war on drugs and all that personally i really enjoyed the movie , just a whole lot of fantastic tension throughout ( that extradition scene at the border !, 
  holy shit !, 
  ) , cinematography and music were the highlights of the film for me , plot was not bad , above average , but nothing groudnbreaking . 
  like which ? 
  wow , very interesting , i had no idea . 
  you 're right on pretty much everything , especially the u/v distinction . 
  slovenes though use v , an interesting difference from serbo-croatian . 
  many little differences between these ukrainian words and our language , like for zginem , the specific word in serbo-croatian is uginuti / `` kad uginem '' i wonder if this has anything to do with ancient migration patterns, 
  i personally can not differentiate ukrainian and russian due to how similar they sound to me , just like i ca n't differentiate czech and slovak , i can only broadly detect western slavic/eastern slavic . 
  but yeah it all makes sense , the common slavic thread is easy to detect but there are still quite some differences  many ukrainian words tend to be the same as serbo-croatian really ? 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  got any specific examples ? 
   no gifts involved gifts for new year 's day are common ( in montenegro too i guess ? 
  ) , proper christmas is more religious in my experience yeah, 
   gypsy minority programme wonder what that 's like, 
  like brazilian tv with smaller butts, 
  everyone whines about what they feel affected by personally, 
  i love watching french tv from over the pond tbh tv5 , france 2 , art\u00e9 as you say , great channels imo . 
  one of the only things keeping me from cutting cables, 
  well i do n't know if it works in that direction , but probably because i can understand 60 % of what bulgarians are saying and 30-40 % of what russians are saying , more if they speak slowly/it 's written down . 
  ahh thanks could n't be bothered to google `` o with umlaut '' and copy paste so this actually helped, 
  in my tired state of mind i read this as `` lavrov says russia ready to * compete * with kurds against isil '' how bizarre would that be, 
  is your username a cheese reference ? 
  if so nice username, 
   they do n't have standards , only their own interest completely agree people try and insert moral frameworks into the actions of great powers but it 'll always end up disappointing them . 
  i genuinely believe that , taking into account all that happened in the 90s , serbia has returned to normal politics relatively quickly . 
  every premier post-milosevic was much more normal than him thank god and has gradually helped the country return to normalcy , to different degrees for the final point idk just that all montenegrins i know ( including my montenegrin grandmother ) basically identify as coastal serbs so it 's new for me to interact with someone who does n't . 
  i guess i can understand your position , seeing as you approach it from a pragmatic angle ( indetifying as serb would mean implicitly agreeing with stereotypically `` serbian '' geopolitical interests ) . 
  ethnic identity is a clusterfuck anyway so you can do anything you want in the end , as i do . 
   pristina  serbia trigger warning, 
   geopolitical hopes and dreams in the balkans which are what ? 
  do n't you think the `` all serbs want to conquer everything in the balkans '' narrative is getting a little old ? 
  i 've never met a single serb who desires to `` take back what is ours '' , only ones with ( dare i say righteous ) indignation at the double standards of american ( and thus , broadly western ) intervention in the balkans , and at the past and current handling of kosovo . 
  especially with serbia 's current government being pretty fucking far from any `` greater serbia '' , your idea that serbs are mini-russia is tired and inaccurate . 
  but hey if you want to choose the worst period in a nation 's history to represent them for eternity , you can have a lot of fun thinking all croats are genocidal nazi collaborationists , all bosniaks are ottoman traitorous collaborators , etc. 
  for the rest of your life as a sidenote you 're the first montenegrin that i 've talked to who tries to distance himself from serbia and serbs this hard . 
  haha that arkan joke pretty morbid, 
  i do n't understand your position ... who do you sympathize with ? 
  do you at least understand that serbia 's approval of putin/russia is at least 50 % spite against nato and 50 % historically positive alliance / `` orthodox brotherhood '' ? 
  there is also a kennedy street in almost every big city i 've been to in my life , including belgrade but that 's different , because he was killed, 
  yeah , most probably you do n't have any commie buildings in slovenia ? 
  those comments ... 
  knowing these buildings , it really depends on whether the building is well kept or not i lived in one building like this where you had to hold the elevator door closed yourself lest it fly open and stop midway , and even then the elevators worked maybe once a week, 
  the puritans banned christmas right ? 
  that was weird america has an interesting relationship with christmas, 
   could you imagine going to church on christmas ? 
  you do n't ? 
  i 'd have thought that in greece , of all places , it would be something that even non-believers do , for the sake of tradition . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  while i am not entirely 100 % convinced that a child raised by a man and a woman and a child raised by a gay couple will have the exact same kind of upbringing ( positive and negative ) , i am pretty sure that between staying an orphan and being adopted by a gay couple , the latter option is by far the better one for the development oif the child . 
  you 'll find that in the western balkans , a lot of the religious identification is much closer to ethnic differentiation than true belief , and conservatism is much more closely tied to factors like urban/rural , income , social class , etc. 
  i assume in estonia , the russian minority is more religious/conservative ? 
   the second day was when they gathered enough signatures for a referendum about cyrillic script . 
   similar as to why kids are usually given to the mother in divorce cases . 
  sexism, 
  do you know which studies exactly ? 
  i 'd like to read more about the subject, 
  what he means is the interests of the child ( determined by experts , or testimony from the children once they grow up , or even asking the children themselves and determining which concerns of theirs are realistic ) should outweigh the interests of the adopting couple , or of `` concerned citizens '' , or whomever else . 
  similar reasoning applies to why a man ca n't `` opt out '' of child support . 
  obviously my quip was not nuanced enough , it was really just a smartass reply , thanks for the nuanced response in any case, 
  it 's relatively easy to justify it if you 're so inclined source : i know the bible a bit, 
  agree to disagree, 
   it does not depend on how much anybody else owns . 
  yes it does the solution is expropriation, 
  yeah i know ussr was a fucked up superpower and i 'm very grateful we had the common sense to reject stalin 's offer of `` friendship '' in yugoslavia . 
  problem is this sub seems to be happy to fellate american foreign policy just for the sake of showing off how much it hates russia , when you can very well be disgusted by both ( e.g. 
  there is no point in pretending america is some kind of nice guy on the global scale when they 're really fucking not . 
  yeah if you get into an alliance with them they can certainly help you a lot , which is why i understand many people here are downvoting me , but if we 're looking at things from a purely moral perspective , the usa is bankrupt . 
  sucks that you ca n't criticize america with serbian flair on this sub without some armchair diplomat american bootlicker making a genocide joke too , as if he knows how that shit truly affected us . 
  are you implying only the lives of citizens in nato countries are worth caring about ? 
  in case you 've missed the lesson about america 's crimes , you could check these links out : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions https://theintercept.com/drone-papers/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_war_crimes for some of america 's internal problems , check out this good introduction http://www.amazon.ca/a-peoples-history-united-states/dp/0060838655, 
   how humane is their situation ? 
  pretty shit considering how much the 1 % own, 
   then it will become yet another area that looks like old soviet block houses . 
  there is literally no way that that will happen because that architectural style is extremely unpopular today everywhere you go, 
  lmao and when did i claim that ? 
  this conversation is about your country 's crimes , not mine 's ( which do exist , absolutely ) . 
  btw serbs *, 
  lmao you know nothing about me my ethnicity my country my views or anything the `` murica '' thing is n't cute, 
  and how is this an argument for the usa being a force for peace lmao ? 
  you realize it takes two to escalate to such a conflict ? 
  yeah dude i think you should tone the pro-us thing down a bit the usa is far from a net benefit to peace on the planet, 
  from the furthest reaches of `` europe '' to another reach for `` europe '', 
  i do n't really understand what they are saying , as i do n't speak albanian , but yes most kosovar albanians are sunni muslim it 's safe to assume this claim is due to albanian nationalism and not some thoroughly researched historical proposition, 
  so they stopped believing in irredentism , but tensions arose because they now blame others for ... what if not irredentism ? 
  i 'm not following i think it 's because of the recent unesco thing, 
   because they realized a war that tore the society apart was n't worth it . 
  ... how does that explain an increase in tensions ? 
  probably linked to the #nokosovoinunesco thing unfortunately this incident has only consolidated the apprehension some serbs had about kosovo joining unesco ( even the ones that are n't staunchly opposed to kosovo 's independance ) , that serb heritage in kosovo is threatened , that albanian kosovars will try and erase all history of serb presence in kosovo etc. 
  it 's a real shitshow and does n't bode well for the future . 
  alright thanks for the answer , shame you 're being downvoted like this, 
   uck chants smh,
