  were the sd really calling for mandatory pledges , with prosecution as punishment for non-compliance ? 
  americans do that too , is america fascist now ? 
  12.3 liters of pure ethanol sounds crazy but from my calculation it comes out to ~ 5 liters of beer per week , which is a lot , but not death-inducing lot you guys still drink a fuckton if that 's a national average lmao, 
  what the fuck yall crazy what 's the preferred drink , estonian vodka ? 
  i have a hard time imagining a university campus that is n't covered in thick marijuana smoke do you guys just drink all the time ? 
   `` in sweden , maybe when your country is ok they will take you back to your country and you will lose your money , your everything , '' said 23-year-old ghanem , ** who declined to give his full name because he was worried about being identified by european authorities . 
  ** `` but finland is very good . 
  i will love it . 
  ** in iraq , all people talk about finland . 
   known for describing the sweden democrats as a `` fascist '' party lmao, 
  that 's a song from bosnia though :p, 
  turbofolk is different , lot of serbs do turbofolk it 's not really dominated by gypsies . 
  i do concede that turbofolk is trash on steroids . 
  maybe in britain , but i doubt many swedes or germans would go out and protest for the `` preservation of europe '' or against quotas like poles and czechs did , or vote against hosting refugees at 97 % like that slovakian village . 
  well , firm divide until shit hits the fan then, 
   but that should go without saying . 
  a very large and influential contingent of people would call you a vicious racist for saying that btw, 
  i think many have already decided . 
  there seems to be a pretty firm ideological divide between east and west europe on the issue, 
  understandable error , i can imagine western media representing everything east of austria as literally russia back in the day, 
  how old are you , out of curiosity ? 
  genuine question, 
  lmao usa supporting rebels and destabilizing thru pro-us ngos is not a conspiracy theory, 
  exactly , assad is very far from ideal but the idea that throwing people into democracy without any preparation is dumb as fuck, 
  that too !, 
  terrible but very true, 
  that 's how i 've always known it . 
  lmao gypsies of eastern europe should declare independance somewhere . 
  really wonder why there is no roma israel, 
  really ? 
  jus sanguinis in germany ? 
  technocracy is the term you 're looking for, 
   was the sacrificial redemption which abrogated the jewish dietary laws . 
  it 's the new covenant actually yes , i said when christ died because i did n't know when exactly the change happened . 
  when exactly do we record the new covenant as `` starting '' ? 
  got a source for that peter thing ? 
  yes much happier , this makes your point much clearer and it makes much more sense . 
  however , i think my point still stands . 
  at least when it comes to the current model of immigration to europe , there is not a lot of this emphasis on making people switch ethnicites ( which , i grant you , can very well happen ) i think it 's not really fair to compare the way some african marriages work to immigration to western europe : when people look drastically differently the switch is harder ( though not impossible ) , and it gets even harder when there is no strong incentive to make them switch ethnicities and assimilate . 
  besides that phenomenon of ethnicity following the mother 's or father 's is not unique to africa and happens in europe too . 
  anecdotally i know many members of my family have hungarian/austrian/italian ancestors but still are part of another ethnicity , serbian/slovene/croatian / etc. 
  do you know of any concrete examples of ethnicities whose members come from everywhere , `` racially '' or ancestrally and thus look conpletely different from one another ? 
  forgive me , but you are not convincing me of the idea that ethnicity and the way people act are unrelated . 
  i do n't know if you misunderstand what i am trying to say or if you really disagree with me . 
  i am not saying that in the genes of a people , the way they act is written . 
  i am saying that it correlates , and nothing i have ever read or learned has contradicted this . 
  i have said , time and time again , on this sub that yes i believe any child can change ethnic groups , they only need to be raised 100 % as part of that group . 
  current immigration is nothing like that . 
   european immigrants actually assimilated into native american cultures . 
  source ? 
  afaik we dont live that way now in na so i do n't understand this denial of na way of life drastically changing after 1453 and becoming pretty much europe 2.0 at one point, 
  it 's just his way of presenting his views , not his views themselves, 
  thank you for making sense . 
  yes i am sure there are plenty . 
  you could literally read the article on wiki and learn by yourself that ethnicity does in fact take into account ancestry , among those other things . 
  lmao `` if the ethnic group is racist '' seriously the stuff you read on the internet ... 
  lol i do n't know if you 're calling me or the other guy a troll, 
  thank you for the thoughtful response !, 
  very interesting answers, 
  explain it to me , please, 
   people everywhere have taken on the culture of native people . 
  it does n't happen as easily as you make it sound . 
  i would not be here discussing this if that happened all the time effortlessly . 
  charlie hebdo shooters were `` born and bred '' french . 
  [ if you speak french , this article is revealing . 
  the title is `` descendants of immigrants : `` when will we finally feel french ? 
  '' '' ] ( http://3millions7.com/2015/05/14/descendants-dimmigres-quand-est-ce-quon-se-sentira-enfin-francais/ ) [ is assimilation as simple you make it sound ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm ) and these are just contemporary , western examples . 
  did european immigrants to the new world assimilate into native american tribal culture ? 
  it 's not like they 've tried the stick though the carrot and the stick are to be used simultaneously for optimal results, 
   very aggravating yes . 
  if there 's one thing that ruins political commentary , it 's that fucking self-righteousness that permeates everything . 
   an ethnic group or ethnicity is a socially defined category of people who identify with each other based on common ancestral , social , * cultural * or national experience . 
   culture : a particular society that has its own beliefs , ways of life , art , etc. 
  also yes they are very very closely related . 
  are you trying to say there is no correlation between ethncity and culture ? 
  people born in an ethnicity go through a cultural values lottery and everyone has completely different views and beliefs within an ethnic group , so disparate that it is impossible to make sensible generalizations about them ? 
  does that mean that statements like `` westerners are generally x '' or `` middle-eastern syrians are generally x '' are entirely invalid ? 
   i 'm an european proud of my heritage , appalled by the current migration crisis . 
  great we have that in common  what i 'm stating are simple , scientific facts that the geopolitical and cultural success of europe stems from our geography , not from any differences be it biological or in actions , from other peoples . 
  source ? 
  the idea that `` actions '' do n't contribute to results does n't strike me as a particularly widespread theory . 
  also jared diamond is not jesus and his work is highly controversial as you probably know . 
  nice downvoting fam, 
  that 's a jewish rule , i assume you 're referring to the levitical prohibition against shellfish ? 
  christians have n't followed those rules since jesus died on the cross , there 's a book in the bible about the subject ( st. paul 's epistle to the galatians ) and it was a common early heresy , [ judaizers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judaizers ) . 
  it just sounds like you 're telling europeans they should feel guilty for their past i guess i just ca n't stand the fact that most people pushing this kind of idea would probably be appalled at europeans moving en masse to an african or asian country ( and consider the settling of non-european land by europeans theft ) , or maybe they would n't who knows . 
  until i see some coherence i ca n't see it as anything more than guilting europe . 
  a few questions : do you consider france a nation-state ? 
  do you believe the current way you are assimilating immigrants and their descendants is as good as it gets ? 
  is there ever a point at which you would say `` woah maybe we should slow down on the immigration '' , or rather do you see any value in french people ( and their culture/values/history ) remaining the dominant people in france ? 
  what future do you see for france , something like america ? 
  just asking, 
  he may be a british citizen but he 's not member of the english ethnic group . 
  why do people deny this ? 
  not accusing you of doing that but i 've been downvoted for saying `` the english ethnic group exists , and you do n't magically become english by moving to london , just like i do n't magically become igbo by moving to nigeria . '', 
   the rich european countries were the ones that were exploited and actually enslaved how the fuck can you , a serb , say this our people were fucked over sideways for 500 years by various foreign powers and you just handwave that away our ancestors literally died to not submit to their imperialism and you actually buy the `` all people with pale skin who are from the european landmass are guilty of colonialism and must pay '' shit smh, 
  birthrates can change they were high back then , now they 're low , and they can go back up again . 
  lmao this reeks of guilt i do n't understand the point of whipping yourself over like this . 
  * everyone * committed genocide .
