  also if you guys close your border , the migrants are going to walk through bosnia or romania ... going to be interesting, 
  nobody cares about the roma that act like everyone else , or at least nobody should . 
  the problem is the ones that live in slums and steal and do n't send children to school and teach them to steal some more . 
  if you have any sources showing that the majority of gypsies in eastern europe do n't live that insular criminal lifestyle i 'll be happy to change my mind . 
  jus sanguinis is nazi !!, 
  in all seriousness it 's not that difficult to get say a french passport even if you were born or your parents were someplace else, 
  mali more likely, 
  do you not encounter this rhetoric/position on the crisis in romania ? 
  yeah where i live ( eastern canada ) people use it ( mon dieu , oh my god , etc. ), 
  all the time without reason , to fill their sentences . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics  the distribution of asylum applicants by sex shows that men were more likely than women to seek asylum . 
  across the eu-28 , the gender distribution was most balanced for asylum applicants aged less than 14 , where boys accounted for 53 % of the total number of applications in 2014 . 
  there was a greater degree of gender inequality for asylum applicants aged 14 -- 17 or 18 -- 34 , where ** around three quarters of applicants were male ** . 
  female applicants outnumbered male applicants for asylum seekers aged 65 and over , although this group was relatively small , accounting for just 0.8 % of the total number of applications in 2014 . 
   the gender difference was even more apparent when considering unaccompanied minors , as 86 % of asylum applicants in the eu-28 in 2014 that were unaccompanied minors were male , compared with 54 % for accompanied minors . 
   70 % + of '' refugees '' on videos i see are 20-30 year old males . 
  not only on videos , eurostat confirms that, 
   i just disagree with the conclusions . 
  what do you think germany should do about that ? 
  lol you could have said it 's anecdotal i do n't mind , it 's true that it is !, 
  does n't mean it 's not a relevant video . 
  do you at least recognize that germany has n't entirely succeded in assimilating certain groups of immigrants , even post-first generation ones ? 
  i have a lot of family in germany and visit them sometimes , so this is my opinion combined with their experiences that they told me . 
  ... germans do n't say mein gott ? 
  not necessarily , it 's possible to moderate your tolerance germany , or even calm it with the immigration until all muslims in germany are entirely assimilated into germanhood , without being a nazi hater of freedom . 
  if you have the time watch the video i sent you, 
  aside from the fact that what he said has nothing to do with projecting , you have to realize that while you may believe in freedom of speech and religion , the people that are coming to your country , many of them ( and their children ) do n't , and once they surpass a certain percentage of the population it is n't iniminagible that they 'll create a much less tolerant society . 
  that is , if you do n't tell them it 's `` our way or nothing '' , which germany probably wo n't do . 
  this is known as the [ paradox of tolerance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) . 
  have you seen this zdf reportage ? 
  inb4 crusades and deus vult, 
  do ypg/peshmerga only let kurds join ? 
  those seem to be doing a good job ( though the former is basically fighting for its own nation-state ) and could use more men . 
   the main reason : the intellectual left lives in a bubble completely unaware of the day-to-day lives of the real blue collar working class . 
  they do not know unemployment . 
  they do not know what living with lower class immigrants with a different religion is . 
  they do not know what eating shit all day every day feels like . 
  plus the extreme left ( also intellectuals ) had their own agenda and it did n't involve easing hardships or small improvements but their ridiculously anachronistic trostkist agenda . 
   the working class that started complaining got marginalized and treated as dead meat . 
  in the end , most of them just gave up and joined the `` other '' working class party . 
  spot on man , as i was saying earlier zizek talks about this problem in europe 's political landscape , how the right is establishing itself as the only way to protest ( by vote ) against the current order . 
  check this out part 1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr793y5jnrw and part 2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndgfqrq_dxs, 
  ah well yeah i was just mentioning melenchon because my godfather loves him and upholds him as the next big thing in the french left but who knows, 
  merci !, 
  got ta admit this shit seems pretty sketchy , and if you 've been reading about it since the 90s you must know it pretty well who to vote for in france that is anti-establishment politics and anti-globalism/neoliberalism then , if not fn ? 
  why 'd you live in pflaz , born there ? 
  yeah really you guys are fucked until people stop talking about the holocaust , which i do n't see happening anytime soon . 
  could you please provide sources for those three statements ? 
  i am actually interested in learning about this , from my perspective over here in qu\u00e9bec they look like a fine party , just a right-wing and nationalist one . 
  that 's possibly because i only read about them in a cursory manner on the internet , so obviously if you 're french and have closer experiences with them i could trust that more . 
   why does this fucking matter ethnicity is a touchy subject down here , and unfortunately very important to some people, 
   the fn has managed to jump from the 15-20 % where it had been for more than 15 years by attracting the left 's traditional voters : blue collar workers yeah i know zizek talks about how the rise of fn-like parties in europe is due to parties that the common worker voted for , e.g. 
  labour , becoming more of `` middle-class liberal vegan etc '' parties and thus leaving the workers with only right-wing options to represent them/shake up the establishment . 
   getting rid of the old leader is precisely oriented towards making the fn look like a regular party . 
  maybe they 've actually become a new , regular right-wing party ? 
  lol never heard of a serb hating slovenes . 
  we 've never really had much prolonged historical contact with them expect for yugoslavia ( and other pan-south slavisms ) , they 're just seen as mountain slavs that think they 're german . 
  definitely no croat/serb or muslim/serb level tensions . 
  thought it 'd be 2 euros at most , i just said `` give me a mineral water pls '' and got a tiny ass evian glass bottle that cost more than the huge kebab i ate later, 
   looking for a restaurant in a very touristical place is like ordering a coffee on the piazza san marco in venice , it 's going to cost 10 $ , and also probably be shit . 
  true , i paid 7 $ for an `` eau min\u00e9rale '' in paris one time , wtf, 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of immigrants vote sd . 
  serbs in austria vote fpo , for example . 
  metro is a free paper with local franchises all around the world . 
  none in romania ? 
   they just need to stop taking anybody ( 0 new people ) for next 20 years and focus on what they have . 
  that 's actually a very good first step , but it 'll be a challenge , especially considering the fact that swedes are pretty scared of confronting immigration , let alone more aggressive assimilation policies and stopping immigration full stop . 
  nazis were n't socialists by any measure lol , they actually murdered socialist nazi leaders at one point ( ~ ~ kristallnacht ~ ~ night of the long knives ) despite its misleading name , national socialism = / = nationalism + socialism, 
   just to appeal to more voters every single politician does things and says things to appeal to more voters, 
  they 're economically protectionists and believe in lots of gov ' t intervention last i heard . 
  not necessarily , hadzi applies to muslims that complete hajj as well . 
  getmenew posted two good links , you should also check out the epistle to the galatians by st. paul explains the concept of new covenant pretty well ( though it is n't lacking in religious rhetoric ) . 
  the wiki article on the judaizers is pretty informative as well . 
  as i said earlier , r/christianity is the definitely the place to ask , ton of very knowledgable people over there, 
  ah yes your land is filled with heretical women pastors and all that other protestant shite in all seriousness you could ask r/christianity or a trained pastor to explain to you why christians seem to literally ignore whole books in the bible ( hint it 's not as simple as one may think ), 
  that 's not what that means , and do n't try and argue a complex point by quoting a sentence . 
  you could go and ask literally any priest around you and they 'll explain why and back it up with exegesis and biblical as well as extra-biblical theological explanations . 
  this is not a new thing . 
  you think christians do n't ( and never have ) stone people and eat pork because of some post-enlightenment reform ? 
  i 'm just telling you what they told me man maybe they lied idk why they 'd do that though ... my friend from bosnia told me the same thing, 
  you could say it 's the result of making a sub * anarchic *  lol jk, 
  my parents told me that back in the 90s lot of their friends had a little basket in the entry of their apartment where you 'd put your gun before coming in for coffee, 
   this really is a weird way to support right to carry guns . 
  is this one of the reasons nra uses to lobby in congress against gun control ? 
  it 's literally the reason why the 2nd amendment exists dude you think the founders of america put a rule for guns between the right to free speech and therule against quartering of soldiers in private residences so that people could * hunt * ? 
   common people stand no chance against most powerful military in the world . 
  you think the pentagon is going to drone strike phosporus missiles on american soil ? 
  it 's honestly just an interest like any other i 'm not even a gun hobbyist but i can totally understand why some people like them like the thing you said sounds really fucking cool where 'd you get to see that, 
   i suppose that 's to be expected though when 5 % of the airtime is spent on the refugee crisis and 95 % is spent on donald trump ... lol let me guess even the ones that are known to be democrat-affiliated/left-leaning ? 
  they know exactly what they 're doing : by talking about him constantly he 's going to fucking win the primaries , and good luck getting trump to beat clinton , the stereotypical washington career politician , connected , rich , who has the added bonus of the `` first women prez !! '', 
  good luck usa vote sanders, 
   never heard anyone saying we can take up refugees ad infinitum . 
  literally merkel did, 
  that 's inat for you ... as a sidenote one of my favorite examples of foreigners from very different cultures successfully assimilating into another culture and ethnicity without violence or social struggles are the black albanian montenegrins of ulcinj . 
  one thing we did right lol, 
  are you montenegrin ? 
  i do n't know if you know this , but serbs ( and montenegrins ) have this cultural thing / `` value '' where we 'll gladly suffer out of principle or stubborness/spite , and it influences our politics in a pretty bizarrely real way . 
  i know my parents would gladly be poorer and worse off if it meant standing up to `` jebenim evropljanima i amerikancima '', 
  where did you live ? 
  and what experience were you referring to genuinely curious,
