well we do n't write it but you 've never heard anyone say it ? 
  evro ( \u0395\u03c5\u03c1\u03ce ) and lepta ( \u03bb\u03b5\u03c0\u03c4\u03ac ) , but saying cents ( \u03c3\u03ad\u03bd\u03c4\u03c2 ) is n't wrong either , it 's mostly a matter of prefference . 
  we also have np.reddit.com, 
  so it 's just a normal day then ? 
  [ not sure if it 's what you 're looking for but we have the holy mountain . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_athos ) it 's basically a place with a bunch of monasteries and monks . 
  it 's definitely the most `` backwards '' thinking place since they do n't even allow women there because the monks have swore an oath of celibacy and the presence of women would tempt them and stuff . 
  he 's an anti-authority guy that stole from banks or the government and gave money back to the common man , that is a charming idea for lots of people . 
  it 's not like he 's an angel but as far as criminals go he could be much worse . 
  i never thought i 'd be reading about paleokostas on reddit , but yeah he 's pretty much considered a good guy that sticks it to the man by many . 
  that 's easy to say when you have the money to live by yourself and you do n't live with family/friends to split expenses . 
  hell , my mom knows two different 40 + women who live with their mothers because believe it or not by this point most retired people make more money a month for being retired than the people actually working . 
  zakynthos is my choice , there are boat tours that take you around the island 's attractions and that place was awesome , navagio beach is the best place i 've been to yet and the other stuff like the blue caves was great too . 
  could n't tell you about the nightlife cause i was with family but if you want to come for the nightlife there are ( notoriously ) other places for that like mykonos or some parts of crete . 
  getting kicked into a well is the least of your worries . 
  it wo n't sink i will support it with a nuclear reactor . 
  trust me i know this stuff i spent two whole days in high school . 
  it 's kind of my thing , this is the third time someone has told me to get off reddit and go work to pay off my debts in this sub and i always reply with stuff like this . 
  i mean i do n't really get what they think harassing me is going to accomplish anyway so i just go along out of curiosity of what they have to say . 
  i did n't downvote you , it 's not like what you said would get anything but downvoted though . 
  in case you have n't noticed you 're being a racist prick . 
  i 'm not sure what you think you 're proving but if you want to make me feel butthurt then give me some money to get myself an anal plug made of diamonds , that 's going to make me butthurt , i guarantee it . 
  why bother , i know i wo n't change your mind even if i was serious anyway so there 's really nothing else for me to do other than ignore it or have fun and go along with it . 
  i did n't realize we were playing fantasy politics . 
  meanwhile i 'll still keep taking your money though this time i think i 'll buy a yacht made of gold just so i can laugh at how i personally am ruining europe and the global economy . 
  nope , in fact i 'll use all the future bailout money i get for hookers and blow and civ expansions , i 'll use specifically your money to get laid how do you feel about that ? 
  i have n't tried those but i remember playing reign : conflict of nations from an old humble bundle which i guess is kinda like them ? 
  i did n't really like it , civ has spoiled me with shinny graphics and stuff and playing other things feels weird :p, 
  i had someone explain the game to me but still the best thing i can consistently do is beat the 6th difficulty with korea which is kinda like cheat mode if you get that religion perk that gives you science through missionaries, 
  this makes me want to play civ v so hard but i swore to myself i would stop at 100 hours ... damn you dude !, 
  it 's the same format as the unconditional basic income thing from a while back , those things get zero exposure unfortunately, 
  kokoretsi is disgusting i agree but you said things we like and i do n't so i did n't mention it, 
  the closest thing to that i can think of is [ fakes ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=fakes+recipe ) ( pronouned fa-k\u00e9sh ) , it 's not really that people thing it 's disgusting but from the people i know half of them do n't seem to like it , otherwise i ca n't really think of anything, 
  that has to be the most manly name i 've ever seen, 
  this made me realize we do n't have / r/europensfw , but hey at least we got / r/eurogirls which is kinda like what the post is asking, 
  indeed , it puts it all in perspective . 
  notice how the country names seem so out of place ? 
  it 's because its all bullshit , at the end of the day we 're all humans living on earth , countries and borders are all made up , we 're essentially fighting over imaginary lines . 
  you do n't see countries or borders from space , its only the earth and the beings that live in it . 
  we would seem so stupid to an observer looking at us from space . 
  you guys are all wrong ... the american independence day is on 7/4 , which means it was 3 months ago . 
  / s ( cause i 'm sure i need to ), 
  you could say that they found ... ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) tons of heroin . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ shut ^ ^ ^ ^ up ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ thought ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ ^ funny, 
  do n't worry spain we 'll probably be joining soon , maybe portugal as well, 
  church still has influence in a lot of things but when it involves people getting laid or porn no one gives a shit i mean , a few years ago most newspapers had porn in them , i do n't mean ads i mean legit discs with porn in them and advertised it on tv , eventually it got banned but that was a pretty interesting time, 
  i have n't been playing all that cs for nothing , come at me bro !, 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  australian 2 . 
  english ( england ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  turkish 2 . 
  greek 3 . 
  polish hey , i did n't expect it to actually work , that was interesting, 
  well ... that 's one thing bram stoker got wrong, 
  we have a subject at school that is 1hr/week , when you 're 6-7 years old you have a greek mythology type of subject where you learn about aesop 's fables and other little stories that are there to interest kids and also make them learn something after analyzing the message the stories give out later on the subject becomes religion which is basically stories from the bible and learning about saints and the whole lore of christianity , as far as i remember you do n't do things like the great schism or the relationship between science and religion or other religions until you get to high school when the subject essentially becomes more like philosophy than religion but by that point nobody really cares about it anymore you ca n't opt out of it unless your parents come to the school and confirm that they do n't want their kid taking part in the lecture for whatever reason , my best friend came from a muslim family and he could leave without getting an absence counted so it was basically a 45 min break for him, 
  do n't tempt him or he might go all rasputin on you, 
  sometime in the morning a photo i had on the living room stand fell , dunno if it was because of it or unrelated but other than that i ca n't say i noticed anything but i live in athens so it was pretty far i guess thankfully it did n't cause any damage, 
  no worries , let me take over everything will be just fine, 
  plus it lets our defense ministries justify more spending , jet fighters do n't run on water, 
  i 'm 20 years old and currently not dying in some ditch so i 'm gon na go with yeah, 
  now all we need are topless chicks sunbathing in the metro, 
  it 's like a game , you win if you get to pay the bill and you have to convince the other person to let you do so its funny to watch when eating out with extended family when dads are trying to prove they are better than the other guy at being the head of the family, 
  i had n't paid any attention whatsoever this year , so i saw this thread and thought i might check out our song , could n't even listen 10 seconds after the dude started singing i 'll honestly be surprised if we get out of the semis, 
  depends on the kind of bed i guess ? 
  i slept in the same bed with my mother just a few months ago ( i 'm 20 , male ) because my dad was working night shift and it was cold as fuck in my room but the bed was for two people since it was for my parents , i would n't sleep in a one person bed with my mother at this age cause that would be all kinds of weird , i do n't have siblings but i guess it would be the same , with the exception that i probably would sleep in the same bed with a brother than sleep in a sofa or something, 
  welcome to this crazy time, 
  i 'm a descendant of king canute, 
  but he still has his lifetime brazzers subscription right ? 
  reddit is pretty much considered a hipster site where i 'm from, 
  feta is of greece , nobody else can into feta, 
  actually if you 've been to / r/dogecoin recently everybody pretty much made a mass exodus out of cryptsy cause that site is n't reliable anymore ( i get this was a joke but i feel people should be aware of this anyway ), 
  not really , more bitcoin could always be mined and obviously i would n't buy all that was available and not all in a single day/week/month, 
  i 'd go win myself the biggest lottery ever since we got the euro , then invest all of it in bitcoin , can you say billionaire baby ? 
  my mom 's pastitsio since there 's nothing left and i ca n't take a picture inside my stomach ( i could take a picture of my shit but i doubt that 's what you 're after ) , [ this is pretty much what it looked like , courtesy of google images ] ( http://0.tqn.com/d/gi137/1/0/s/-/-/-/dsc_0049.jpg ), 
  freedom \u2122, 
  fuck them , he should just move to somewhere where his gift can actually be appreciated, 
  it 's a shame though , because now whatever security flaw they have is going to be fixed , it would be much more interesting if someone like , say , wikileaks came out one day and said `` hey guys , here 's all the phone calls of us officials in 2014 '', 
  i had never heard of creationism until i went online , but it would n't surprise me if the was something like that , evolution is taught at schools though, 
  come on , what he did was childish but nobody should have to go to prison for shit they write on facebook, 
  so apparently the 50 euro i got from my grandfather for christmas originally came from giesecke & devrient ( germany - munich/leipzig ), 
  literature , architecture , theatre , olympics , religion , science , math , medicine , astronomy , politics , wars against persians , too damn many civil wars , wars against romans , christianity , etc we learn many things about the history and time of ancient greece , we also learn the language and study the illiad and odyssey in high school ( there are courses for each of those things and one for modern literature as well ) , some stuff we do n't learn about in school include homosexuality in ancient greece , war crimes , pederasty , slavery , sparta was one of the worst places to ever be born in , pronunciation of ancient greek was different than modern greek , our ancient gods were classy as fuck, 
  alexander the great is our civ guy so let 's go with him ? 
  poor russia can not into bees, 
  any time now guys, 
  so now you have an encrypted phone to use facebook and google on . 
  yup , totally nsa-proof, 
  nothing says ancient greek olympics like lan parties amirite ? 
  of course not , that 's ancient greek you 're talking about !, 
  get over here, 
  wine and beer , i do n't like beer so i only drink wine , red is my favorite , wine is customary to go with a meal when in family gathering situations my uncle makes his own and he has a barrel which he locks when me and my cousin are in his house at the same time , and for good reason :d, 
  sweet , we 'll meet at olympus then ( the mars version ), 
  hey some of them got us right , for such a small country at the other side of the world , i 'm impressed !, 
  poor cyprus though , only two people wrote it and that 's on crete ( also one of them called it cypress xd ), 
  what i gathered from translate is that a disease appeared in a school ( psoriasis ? ), 
  and people blamed the roma for it , then went to protest against them at one of their camps and this happened / r/nottheonion, 
  at least it lets people enjoy christmas without hearing austerity this and austerity that, 
  [ and here is your relevant tvtropes page ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/musictoinvadepolandto ), 
  mostly at 50 cents though i 've found it at 30 at some places, 
  i , too , have recently watched fight club,
