  you know what never mind , why do n't we all just take a step back from the paranoid old people and hipster teenagers, 
  you guys need to start more wars and get bombed a few times , the us just keeps stealing the limelight, 
  well if we are talking about `` when i was smaller '' , i thought tasmania was in the us when i was a kid because of the cartoons, 
  funnily enough , that 's the kind of shit golden dawn says , except they say ancient greek salute instead of roman, 
  well in my country we have teenagers that have no knowledge of history or politics that think golden dawn ( nazi party ) is cool , so as far as i 'm concerned you 're still better off, 
  i 'm surprised this did n't show up earlier , unless i missed it , anyway for anyone wondering there were no deaths , illegal immigrants will be sent back to their countries , it 's doubtful any of them came legally , of course that means they will never get the money they asked for but honestly that 's not just an immigrant problem , wage theft happens for normal greeks too , including my mother , she is still owed about 9000 euros from her former job and we are currently waiting for the trial golden dawn is unrelated to this , this is about immigrants being used like slaves from the owners of those plantations , golden dawn said they denounce this action and they want employers to stop giving jobs to immigrants generally and to give only to greeks ( they seemed to have missed the terrible conditions and no payment points ), 
  [ sometimes shit like this happens ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_greek_riots ) , though that is not really a problem with guns , but more a problem with people , there 's always gon na be psychopaths , maybe they were always like that , maybe their job turned them into one , maybe they only joined the police to have more power than a normal person and do n't care about doing the right thing at all ... 
  i think the biggest issue is not police officers carrying guns but the mental health of said police officers , as long as the dude with the gun knows their responsibilities and consequences of their actions it should n't be a problem, 
  then again if what you 're going to do is gon na offend a bunch of people maybe you should n't do it , especially in traditional communities, 
  my country has a cross too , why am i not wealthy ? 
  yeah well , [ crete hates nazis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_crete#civilian_uprising ), 
  what 's the point of going on holidays if you ca n't remember the holidays ? 
  xd i mean i get drunk as fuck when i 'm with my cousin since drinking wine is kind of our thing but if i 'm somewhere i do n't get to be whenever i want , i want to be able to remember it, 
  well last time lots of countries sent military aid , mine included , some only sent medics and equipment while others soldiers as well but it was a different time then , cause of the cold war and communism and china 's involvement i do n't think it 's going to be that serious of an issue this time though , since it 's not even clear if china is going to be involved this time , all that of course assuming something actually happens, 
  well , some things never change, 
  do n't look at me , i 'm only here for the food, 
  take that , ` murica !, 
  merkel smash !, 
  i remember that my parents were telling me that we would probably move to cyprus because they had a good economy , of course , that was before the euro , the euro screwed everything, 
  let 's hope our chances of success are better than a big bang happening though, 
  destroying anyone 's grave is stupid ... no matter who they were , they are gone now , what does it matter ? 
  generally speaking i 'd say for all countries it 's the people in charge of the media , those that decide what they 'll air on the news , how they will phrase what they say , etc, 
  i doubt our politicians can think that hard, 
  well you ca n't fire him for that ( i think ) , it 's his opinion , now if the books he was teaching say holocaust was not a thing that 's a bigger problem, 
  freedom of speech means anyone can say what they want , of course that does n't mean others should listen to them , just do what any credible historian does and ignore them, 
  you do n't need to unify two counterparts , there 's always gon na be people that believe in different things , what matters is how they interact , in the end what everyone wants is to see greece prosper , but they get too distracted by their differences to understand what they 're doing is hurting their goal, 
  no , the people need to realize golden dawn is not what we need , fighting with each other is n't going to achieve that , it is n't going to achieve anything . 
  every political party exists cause there 's people that believe in the cause , we just need to educate people on what it really is they are supporting and why they need to stop , if you take away the people 's support , golden dawn is nothing , but if you try to fight them that will only make them stronger, 
  i laughed more than i should have, 
  really amazing how people find ways to divide themselves every time they need to do exactly the opposite, 
  [ portugal after 2004 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/t3lmozj.jpg ), 
  i was hoping for spain to win , now i can say we went undefeated and lost only to the champs in a very close game . 
  have n't watched much since greece-croatia . 
  i 'm excited for the weekend though where the next round starts . 
   but you 're pretty good at coming from behind well , we are greeks after all . 
  i have not watched much basket but almost every time i watch a match with our national team it seems we are losing and then come back and win at the end . 
  i do n't know if that happens a lot or just the games i 've watched but it makes it more exciting . 
   for example many mps of the old pasok fought against junta.people voted for them because of that.who knew that these kids will turn into corrupted motherfuckers . 
  you either die a hero , or live long enough to see yourself become the villain . 
  batman was right . 
  even if they do catch someone it will most likely be an immigrant paid to do someone else 's dirty work , it 's not as if the people that would want to build houses in these forests would do it themselves , they got money to do it via proxy so they would n't get caught . 
  i had a crush on xena as a teenager so there 's something to that, 
  i 'd vote no but i 'll be on vacation which i 've already paid for so unless you can vote anywhere as long as you have your police id then i wo n't be able to . 
  the reason is the same as everyone else , i 'm sick of this shit , wipe the slate clean and start over again . 
  yes , i usually have at least one in the house , sometimes if i do n't have normal milk i use it for cereal after adding water . 
  not the one with the sugar though . 
  although i did make a recipe for homemade sweetened milk i found online a while ago but it is a bit too sweet for me . 
  all of them, 
  allegedly , tsipras gathered the dragonballs and asked for a finance minister, 
  i do n't know how well known it is but [ pastitsio ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/21/pastitsio.jpg/1280px-pastitsio.jpg ) gets my vote . 
  it 's like greek lasagna , pasta with bechamel sauce and ground beef and you put it in the oven . 
  gyros democracy and anal sex, 
  being angry is a symptom of not enough wine , i 've found out, 
  there can be laws about anything , that does n't mean they are enforced , i highly doubt it will see much use , like others said they 're just doing this for politics . 
  he just had a thing for her cypriot accent . 
  we 're gon na get more metal bands and make the mexicans pay for them . 
  i assume the situation there is not as much of a monopoly as it is in the us or greece . 
  i am competitive and like bragging so it bugs me that we 're getting our ass kicked but at least we have cern . 
  you can make an argument that it 's best we focus on different things and have progress on both at the same time than try to beat each other to a race . 
  of course , it 's not like we ca n't have both cern and a more impactful esa but oh well , at the end of the day it depends on where the money and resources go . 
  greek \u0394 / \u03b4 is pronounced the same as th from then so it works , also \u0393 / \u03b3 is pronounced like w from wait, 
  dogfight is just the buzzword news outlets put to get clicks , this shit happens all the time , it 's nothing special, 
  my wife cheated on me ... with the horse !, 
  the kind of people that would do that probably hate civilization anyway , or at least the society they lived in . 
  but i 'm not a psychiatrist so i ca n't really say , i also find it baffling . 
  we call that a normal friday, 
  i do n't really watch regular football either , tbh . 
  too many dives and obvious stalling for time when you 're ahead by faking injuries and shit going on , it puts me off the match . 
  american football , everything about it . 
  including why it 's called football when you have to hold the ball with your hands . 
  my cousin lives in a house about 4 km away from the dslam ( where you get internet from ) and has shitty speed and the internet often disconnects on its own . 
  his isp told him they can get satellite internet with a cap of 25 gb/month and that was the first i ever heard of a data cap on non mobile plans . 
  supposedly if you pass this limit the speed is awfully limited and you ca n't do shit . 
  from the article  broken down brand-by-brand they are : vw - 5m audi - 2.1 m skoda - 1.2 m seat - 700,000 vans - 1.8 m, 
  / r/greeceismetal, 
  this randomly popped up in my rss feed and gave me a good laugh . 
  thanks for sharing op !, 
  i 'd say definitely eastern europe , maybe romania or some neighboring country . 
  hey that 's pretty good !, 
  either one is enough to cheer you up , combine the two and you got yourself a winning combination . 
  and then people wonder how we stay cheerful through all this shit . 
  pussy and wine is the answer . 
  greece is the guy who gets drunk , loses his money playing poker then asks everyone to buy him another drink . 
  oooh , let me go grab my popcorn . 
  oh yes , everything tastes so much better in villages and islands where people use local produce . 
  about once a year i tend to visit my grandma 's village and i always buy ground meat , feta , olive oil , yoghurt , eggs , tomatoes and stuff like that before i leave . 
  it always tastes better than the packaged crap you buy in the supermarket . 
  our islands do have great food but i think the secret behind greek food is that it 's essentially recipes that come from multiple cultures . 
  i 'm totally biased but to me mediterranean food is the best in the world and all countries around it have the same kind of foods with different names and maybe a little bit of difference in ingredients . 
  people have lived here for thousands of years and tons of trade and wars have happened leading to a lot of shared culture . 
  shame , were they afraid the pensioners would beat them up ? 
  actually these days i 'm almost exclusively a meat eater since i 'm trying to keep my carb intake low and my fat intake high and meat is one of the best choices for that . 
  i could make the lettuce `` taco '' but i would use ground beef instead of chicken cause i 'm not a big fan of chicken and jam does n't fit the low carb theme so may replace with trimmed cheese and a little mayonnaise or cream cheese ? 
  also have you ever tried bacon in a taco ? 
  what does she put in it ? 
  is there no other alternative than tortilla ? 
  if i used lettuce instead of bread to wrap the meat it would fix this problem but i guess it would n't be called a taco anymore right ? 
  what 's the difference ( if any ) between spanish and mexican language ? 
  also , is there any way to eat home made tacos while keeping the carbohydrate content as low as possible ? 
  this includes the sauce and spices .
