  unfortunately that would require that our politicians get their act together . 
  we 're gon na build a wall around the aegean and make the refugees pay for it . 
  mcgregor won as well , was a good weekend for ireland . 
  what happens when the `` law '' is just as corrupt as the criminals ? 
  oh wow , an apology . 
  i guess everything is fixed now , right ? 
  we just call it wednesday . 
  finders keepers !, 
  no , that sounds like what you 'd get if the meat of the gyro was taken from stray dogs . 
  on that we agree , a well made gyro is to the mouth like cock is to a virgin 's pussy . 
  i do n't care what you say about me or my country but i will not let you insult my dairy products dammit . 
  i challenge you to a duel !, 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ rocket ^ ^ league, 
  give it a few years and you could buy them for a few tf2 hats . 
  guarantee you we win again anytime from now until the heat death of the universe . 
  i read the article and i still have no idea what they will do exactly . 
  are we sure this is n't all taking place in a monty python 2016 summer special ? 
  i was thinking of it more like a sport . 
  maybe we can have rankings to see who is tax evasion champion , too . 
  the people that owe all that money would probably be proud to be put on such a list . 
  incompetent politicians and the older generations fucked everything up for the young people , i feel for you cause it reminds me of something . 
  an internet petition ? 
  have any of these ever worked ? 
  unless your name is tsipras , in which case you carry on pretending the opposite result happened . 
  can we get a compilation of statements made by uk and other countries ' politicians ? 
  how is the world reacting to this ? 
  what 's wrong with his hair ? 
  you 're still european , just not in the eu . 
  about your government and the eu , sure , but not about the general population . 
  aristotle was the best kind of troll, 
  we have more debt because `` restructuring '' destroyed our gdp, 
  that 's what happens when nobody has the balls to say no to the great european overlords . 
  bitch please , we invented drama . 
  yeah , even if it 's for just a few months it 's good for those families . 
  it 's a common mistake people make , even greeks , a lot of the time i hear my friends talking about getting souvlaki when they really mean gyros . 
  to be fair goat sex is like an old ancient greek tradition . 
  hey , more women for the rest of us , i do n't see what 's wrong . 
   gyros is multiple meat cutlets skewered and roticeried in the the same fashion as a doner that is souvlaki , gyros is when the meat is cut into small pieces and wrapped in pita bread . 
  summer in greece is amazing if you can find a shade and a nice sea breeze . 
  and good company , of course . 
  i am kolofardos and i tend to get passionate when i win so i try to not play in cafes cause the entire block is going to hear us . 
  my father works in the cargo dept of the athens airport , the company he works for hired like 200 people the last week preparing for the summer . 
  gon na be a busy season . 
  defined by the average number of `` malaka '' per minute . 
  plz no conquerino, 
  the place i live in is called vyronas after lord byron . 
  i do n't consider myself fainthearted but fuck that . 
  i 'm glad this place was shut down and i wish charges were placed against the workers/management . 
  it 's not great , but it 's home . 
  dude i swear to you there 's at least 5 strays in the neighborhood and i spot at least one of them in my yard every single day , there are stray cats everywhere in greece , everywhere . 
  i do n't actually mind , i have no pets right now and they probably keep mice away . 
  was n't something like this the case for 300 as well ? 
  and here 's a [ picture ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zcu8c ) of the species in its natural habitat :p, 
  you 're either ignorant or a dickhead , neither of which does you any favors , you are the one who called it a migration , then you said it 's just one of many violent acts throughout europe and when i tell you that should post your own content if you think this is a misrepresentation then you change the subject and accuse the post of pushing an agenda when you have the power to post everything else that you say the post is missing or misrepresenting but you 're not doing it , instead all you 're doing is bitching . 
  then why do n't you make a new post about your case , or all the others instead of complaining and underplaying the importance of this particular one if it bothers you so much ? 
  and that makes it ok somehow or less important ? 
  is that what we call getting genocided and/or kicked out of your country now ? 
  we do have that kind of crazy , yeah . 
  if you 're italian you will probably enjoy zakynthos a lot , and it 's closer than islands of the aegean , getting to and from there might be a lot cheaper . 
  it 's a great island , i fully recommend it but without more details as to what you want i ca n't really say what would be best . 
  one of my countrymen replied to me with \u03b8\u03b5\u03c4\u03b9\u03ba\u03ae \u03c8\u03ae\u03c6\u03bf\u03c2 which means positive vote so that kinda works but there 's no concept of `` upvoting '' in greek because there was no reddit until a few years ago and words do n't necessarily translate well between languages, 
  well reply is \u03b1\u03c0\u03ac\u03bd\u03c4\u03b7\u03c3\u03b7 but there is n't an upvote word in greek , \u03c3\u03c5\u03bc\u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 is agreement if you want to look at it that way, 
  yes , i became aware of that last time you had elections and was dumbfounded , that is wayyy too high , i think the acceptable range is 2-5 % depending on how strict you want to be but 10 % is unacceptable imo . 
  i know man , i know . 
  there are bad apples on both sides , 10-15 % of my country votes either for the communist party or the ~ ~ nazi ~ ~ `` far right '' party . 
  however , i do n't see either of those parties or politicians getting 40 % or whatever it was akp got last elections for you and it seems like there 's some very questionable people in there and it kinda scares me . 
  i know most of it is populist bullshit but still . 
  we continue to get more and more leaders like trump , putin and erdogan and that 's disconcerting to me . 
  fuck the adults , sure , i would n't give a fuck if one of them got infected with something because they refused vaccination for themselves but the ones that are going to pay for it are the kids that get infected with diseases that they should n't . 
  their actions hurt others and something needs to be done about it besides just letting them in their stupidity , the children do n't deserve something bad happening to them cause their parents are conspiracy nuts . 
  can we just cut this bullshit , please ? 
  this is not the 70s and neither one of us needs this shit right now . 
  is there really that much of a sizable portion of the population of turkey that buys into this backwards trend of your country the last few years ? 
  oh thank god you did n't say aliens . 
  :o then who actually won euro 2004 ? 
  it was for us :d, 
  best thing my country did since 2004 . 
  no no , we say that for cypriots . 
  get ready world , we 're going to party like it 's 330bc all over again . 
  you had to go there :(, 
  at least it makes for a funny story . 
  because the problem is n't solved , all these bailouts do is just postpone it for later , there 's only 2 ways this can end for real and this is not one of them , either part or the entirety of the debt is written off to a point where it 's sustainable and can actually be repaid or we leave the eurozone . 
  everything else is either wishful thinking or dodging the problem . 
  this guy 's such a gimmick . 
  chill it 's just sunday . 
  so business as usual then . 
  sounds like a messy situation , good luck . 
  i see , what percentage of bulgarians would you say get their news primarily from this guy 's media ? 
  if it 's a number like 80-90 % i 'm surprised nothing has been done about this , i 'm assuming there are rich people in opposition parties . 
  older people are more likely to be specific party fanaticals , especially in greece which has had a troubled past in politics after ww2 . 
  they would buy something if it fits what they want to hear . 
  i 'm more interested in why you say `` owner '' , are all media in bulgaria owned by the same person ? 
  here in greece we have accepted that all tv channels and newspapers promote the political agenda/ideology of their owners and nobody offers the necessary neutrality a true news outlet should have . 
  for example if there 's a story about some immigrants that did something bad some channels/newspapers may heavily feature it because it makes immigrants look bad while others may not mention that story at all or barely mention it . 
  because of stuff like that news sources have lost all their credibility . 
  good luck trying to teach people to not be cunts . 
  yeah , unfortunately progress does n't happen in a day . 
  new year , same shit . 
  the higher up you go the colder it gets . 
  and yeah , 20-24c , that 's the dream .
