  i wonder if we will get rid off these stereotypes during my lifetime . 
  sigh, 
  netherlands, 
  yeah , i 'm kinda sad about it . 
  fuck special laws for religion . 
  vorhaben means to have something planned . 
  in german , we split up words in some cases and the segments are distributed over the whole sentence . 
  this is the literal translation of every single word . 
  very wise of them to invest into this market . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  all people responsible are long dead . 
  got ta love people who say they disagree but do n't state their reasoning . 
  that 's just as good as saying nothing at all . 
  that 's true . 
  we 've put a lot of money into turkey . 
  csu is cancer, 
  ca n't the rest of the eu just tell them : stop throwing pathetic childish tantrums or no eu money anymore ? 
  i thought poland is a huge benefactor of the eu . 
  it 's like a fucking kindergarten . 
  however those children throwing their tantrum are supposed to be adult leaders running a whole country . 
  what . 
  the . 
  would n't really call them junkies without knowing more about them . 
  i know a few people who take speed from time to time and they live a normal life . 
  i tried it once and while i did n't really like it it felt like coffee on crack . 
  could n't sleep all night so i learned for uni instead . 
  i ca n't compare the focus and concentration this drug gives you to anything else . 
  i believe aderall and ritalin have quite similar compounds in them . 
  by that logic we have to ban alcohol , too . 
  why would anyone lie on the internet ? 
  the first three pictures look like an imperial facility from star wars . 
  does that wonder really anyone ? 
  there is a substantial amount of muslims who hate jews and gays . 
  if i was a gay or a jew i 'd probably vote right too, 
  at least the warm air tried . 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  you have to change the whole system . 
  capitalism as we know it would n't work with a workforce of mainly robots . 
  and some fools choose to be under god . 
  czech your fridge . 
  the nazis do n't have a monopoly on words . 
  i guess `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' fits perfectly here . 
  it makes me furious that we are supporting such a backward and barbaric society . 
  their site sucks ass on mobile, 
  said it a lot of times here but i fucking despise my government . 
  yeah , it 's no joking matter . 
  that 's alright, 
  do n't leave him unsupervised in the prison cell , please !, 
  sigh . 
  i can see ddr, 
  sweden lol, 
  not the person you answered to but i find it perplexing that people can he proud of something they were n't a part in/responsible for . 
  germany would fall overnight if true . 
  better get raped like a decent citizen next time then . 
  but then you 'd have to put additional `` helper '' words in between because they could n't stand there on their own gramatically . 
  it 's really not a big deal . 
  you can just slap as many words as you want together in german and still get a legitimate word . 
  extremely convenient , though . 
  these pictures of old cities ( especially from germany ) feel so majestic and culturally rich every time . 
  i wish it would still be commonplace in my country for the architecture to be this way . 
  yeah and right after that came the `` netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz '' where most of them were n't present . 
  great ... 
  definitely feels like that way for the coalition parties . 
  guess the technological possibilities of the present have n't arrived everywhere in europe yet . 
  it 's quite ok but not really super funny . 
  i chuckled a little bit . 
  who would 've guessed that all those years of fucking over the lower/middle class workers while simultaneously benefiting those who already have wealth would lead to this . 
  who could possibly have foreseen this ? 
  here we go once again , the finnish-dutch banter . 
  how come norway is between oranged-red and red ? 
  i thought their country mainly runs on renewables . 
  what am i not seeing here ? 
  because concentrated stupidity can affect everyone . 
  man . 
  i just wan na go into a shop ( or grow it myself , rather ) where i know that i will get my money worth of clean & tested weed . 
  at the moment you have to contact your dealer who is usually very unreliable , do n't know what strain it is or if it 's really clean . 
  when will politicians finally stop to pretend that prohibition is the way to go ? 
  it has been proven to be flawed over and over again . 
  there is enough proof from states who have legalized ( or at least decriminalized ) . 
  anything else is ostrichism . 
  amsterdam gave me a feeling of what it could be like . 
  even though their laws are kinda weird about it . 
  can we all agree on to call it for what it really is ? 
  a censorship law . 
  the majority of the population has been in favor of such a law for a long time . 
  what a coincidence ( ! ), 
  that the approval of the law happened in the same year as the elections . 
  edit : and is n't it funny that the human rights violating `` netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz '' was approved right after ? 
  it 's almost like it was done on purpose to distract the population . 
  i hate the election periods ... 
  i 've been to the netherlands only once but i 've been heavily impressed by the way you organize your bike lanes . 
  at least they pretend to be . 
  good . 
  anyone else triggered that there are people with such tremendous political power who can fundamentally change laws about topics they have n't got any fucking clue about ? 
  yeah , there is an inequality problem that should be addressed rather sooner than later but it 's not too bad ( yet ) . 
  got enough of those in the bundestag imo . 
  we 're not . 
  it 's our politicians . 
  opinions are meaningless in science . 
  brits trying really hard to be disliked .
