  he stated that he did n't even actively smoke , it was from smoking it passively when he was around his friends . 
  i want to believe :(, 
  i really do n't understand why my government does n't just legalise/decriminalise it . 
  instead of burning the money to continue the already miserably failed prohibition they could make millions from taxing it and create new jobs . 
  many countries and us states have done it with huge success . 
  two of them are even neighbours of us . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  again , killed the jews . 
  how about we build a sufficient infrastructure first with plenty of public loading stations ? 
  there are barely any loading stations in my vicinity . 
  why should anyone buy an electric car as of now ? 
  hey , at least they used the correct colors . 
  could have been worse . 
  we just need to work on arranging them now, 
  not as long as cdu is in charge i guess . 
  they are unwilling to accept the facts when it comes to drugs . 
  but at least you have humor so you got that going for you . 
  good luck with your project !, 
  it 's an alternative to smoking . 
  you usually fill it with a liquid and inhale the vape . 
  there are also special vaporizers for herbs only if you know what i mean . 
  just go to proxysite.com and paste the youtubw link there . 
  no addon needed, 
  co2 is needed for complex life to exist , yes , but we keep pumping and pumping more of it in the atmosphere and bring the naturally regulated system out of balance . 
  do they even fucking know how co2 reacts when hit by photons from the black body radiation of earth ? 
  i 'm so ashamed that they got this many votes ... 
  this is a satire show, 
  have you ever been to even one concentration camp ? 
  citizen of this world . 
  personally , i do n't identify with any nationality or piece of land . 
  same . 
  i ca n't wait for the day she is gone . 
  ca n't do much more than voting though . 
  for a moment i thought i was in / r/wtf, 
  nice . 
  a step in the right direction . 
  ca n't access the article for some reason . 
  after a quick calculation i came to an image size of 186 gigabytes . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  or did i calculate bullshit ? 
  the media is basically free to say anything about the government . 
  examples would be `` heute show '' or `` die anstalt '', 
  not as long as erdogan is in power . 
  fuck no . 
  can we please get finally rid of cdu/csu in charge . 
  family . 
  i realized that more and more the more i travelled around europe . 
  tell that our drug commossioner , marlene mortler , from the redneck party called csu . 
  after countless conducted scientific researches/studies , countless legal experts and judges calling for a legalisation she still thinks the devil personally brought that plant to our planet . 
  she is personified incompetence and completely out of touch with what is going on around the world . 
  scientific proof < ideology to her . 
  man , i wish we had the same drug laws as portugal . 
  they are ahead of everyone else ... 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  makes sense , does n't it ? 
  if you condemn murder you ca n't really murder someone yourself without being a huge hypocrite . 
  why is it so fucking difficult for humans to live in peace . . 
  two friends of mine were caught with a bong in park at night . 
  usually the park is completely empty by that time . 
  they only had like .2 g left and were taken to the closest police department where they got their assholes searched because the cops had `` suspicion '' . 
  after that they were told that if they gave their bong to them they would n't face any more severe charges . 
  the whole thing was of no use besides them hating the police now . 
  probably because they were treated like criminal vermin there instead like normal citizens who enjoyed a night together . 
  they still consume cannabis regularly of course . 
  yay for effective prohibition . 
  did n't expect to see a sane individual in / r/europe in a comment thread about the refugee crisis . 
  thanks for lifting my mood . 
  please no . 
  what an audacity to tell me with laws what i 'm allowed to do with * my * * own * mind and body in * my * private free time . 
  i 'm not private property of the state even if many politicians think so . 
  when i smoke at home i damage no one except for myself . 
  why are so many people okay with this ? 
  ridiculous . 
  leave the people alone . 
  french people , i love various foods from your country but one thing i ca n't get here in germany is your heavenly pastry . 
  love . 
  french . 
  pastry . 
  luckily , i live super close to the border !, 
  i can only hope . 
  not really happy with what i get for months now . 
  this is a case where selbstjustiz would be completely understandable, 
  this is a case where selbstjustiz would be completely understandable, 
  nice . 
  now we just need young people . 
  yay , you did it !, 
  but teaching religion is not ? 
  fuck you, 
  it 's truly a shame and emberassing . 
  science and politics do n't mix very well because only one of them is about finding truth and is trying to gradually advance society . 
  why take something away from people and prohibit it ? 
  those who really want their tobacco will get it anyway and there will be no tax to be made . 
  people should have the rights to do with their own body whatever they want . 
  it 's theirs , not state owned . 
  sorry , it 's in our nature to do this . 
  now that they are n't friends with erdogan anymore they ate finally able to say it . 
  proving once again they got no fucking backbone, 
  i 've read somewhere that the average age for moving out is 25 here in germany . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  why not let live people happily together even when they do n't bother anyone else ?
