you are a legend . 
  there is always someone stepping out of line , unfortunately . 
  meh , most germans are still too sensitive about that stuff . 
  i just used it jokingly . 
  the german motorway is quite safe . 
  the last time i looked at a car crash / fatality rate statistic , the autobahn was somewhere at the top in safety . 
  getting ones driver license in germany is a really long endeavor . 
  many practical and theoretical hours and a final test for both of them . 
  it prepares you for the real driving really well . 
  the first time i drove 200 + km/h it was quite a stunning feeling . 
  my dad sat next to me and told me what to do and to be highly attentive at those speeds . 
  it is important to constantly watch your back and keep the overtaking lanes free . 
  even if you drive 200 + there will be a faster car that you have to let pass . 
  as soon as you stop overtaking , you switch lanes to the right . 
  if the motorway is empty i even drive rightmost at those speeds because it is law . 
  no speed limit master race, 
  working hard . 
  work fucking sucks , let me go home pls . 
  i didnt even know that word exists . 
  til, 
  this might be impossible as of now , but i would n't mind if the whole union would become one country and change our official language to english ... 
  i might sound naive , but i somehow would be happy to witness this in my lifetime . 
  i 'm 18 now , so there is plenty of time left . 
  well , i think nobody can disagree there . 
  the title seems a little bit exaggerated , is n't it ? 
  so what you 're suggesting is we mount automated gun turrets on the pods ? 
  never mentioned it gave them the right to do that . 
  one should not forget what those people sacrificed and/or lost at home that forced them to leave . 
  none of us decadent 1st world citizens has any clue what they went through . 
  it 's only natural that they are heavily frustrated after that long journey . 
  do n't be too quick to judge . 
  that latvian girl is super cute . 
  never said they do n't exist . 
  robberies are pretty rare , though . 
  only shot bb guns when i was a kid . 
  and i do n't see any reason why you would need a gun . 
  self defense ? 
  i never needed to defend myself in such a way that a gun was necessary in the entire 21 years of my life and i 'm pretty sure that wo n't change . 
  i also like the strict gun laws here . 
  i do n't want every idiot to be able to aquire a gun easily . 
  everything going according to plan . 
  any of the scandinavian countries tbh . 
  i 'd say sweden, 
  romania relevant !, 
  i want our country to do it like sweden . 
  mandatory language classes for at least 2 years . 
  you can find a lot of cyclists when the weather is good . 
  i 'm happy that the country that i call home might become the new home for people that need our help . 
  i forgot that literally all germans are the same and that we are not different individuals with different opinions like any human being on this giant rock . 
  what the fuck . 
  what . 
  the . 
  our government still genuinely believes that more and stricter prohibition laws pose a solution to this problem and are hostile to anything that goes near a decriminalisation / legalisation . 
  it 's so pathetic . 
  it does n't even work . 
  just bought some yesterday with a few friends and had a great time . 
  the time will come but not now , unfortunately . 
  i have never seen these before . 
  masterrace ???? 
  i want a closely working and united europe for the future that has worked out the problems of today . 
  so no , i would like the uk to stay in it . 
  i wish we had a mandate limit . 
  i do n't think blocking porn sites is a good move if you want to be elected again . 
  this is embarrassing . 
  there are also workshops by the bundesagentur f\u00fcr arbeit that set your status to employed while visiting them . 
  i got put into one while waiting for my university approval so they could make the statistic look better . 
  i long for the day when the cdu is not the leading party anymore . 
  maybe then progress is finally possible here . 
  this has always been bothering me . 
  i hope we will overcome our current problems and bond even stronger . 
  i think an united europe is the best for all of us in the long run . 
  also speaking for future generations when we all are dead . 
  maybe i 'm misinformed about this but i feel this way with the current state of affairs in german politics . 
  does it matter ? 
  i currently have a vacation job at mercedes benz and there are many immigrants employed here . 
  they follow the standards of the factory and the quality does n't depend on the persons origin . 
  they work as hard as anyone else . 
  i 'm tired of being ruled by old people that have no idea when time calls for change ... 
  but what am i expecting since germany is the retirement home of europe . 
  the old people are the ones who vote the most with their outdated world views . 
  in 30 years this country will be the retirement home of europe . 
  i hope she wo n't be chancellor again ... 
  a little late to start wondering now, 
  german , english and japanese . 
  this is so fucking stupid ... 
  why is it so difficult for many countries to admit their mistakes ? 
  no , worse health care , less cultural diversity and speed limit on highways . 
  the country is not socialistic enough for me , too . 
  what ? 
  no hl3 ? 
  give all of our money to greece asap !!, 
  no world war this time . 
  we promise !, 
  he was n't high at all . 
  he was sober . 
  it 's just that thc stays in your body for a very long time . 
  up to weeks sometimes even months . 
  in germany it is possible that the police will take away your drivers license even if you did n't consume cannabis for weeks . 
  depends . 
  your drivers license can be taken away even if you have 1ng thc per 100ml blood , which already happened to a poor guy .
