it would 've been much simpler if we simply reset the regnal numbers with the formation of the kingdom of great britain . 
  is richard iii really still that hated , especially after the new historical information on him ? 
  i see more people that love him than hate him . 
  yep they do , proto-west-germanic is what linguists call it . 
   the name of the french language and country is derived from the name of the franks . 
   just like their language is an ancestor of modern english   it 's all so complicated the frankish language evolved into dutch , which is a low franconian language ( a sub-group of west germanic ) whilst english is part of the north sea germanic sub-group , so no ; frankish is not an ancestor of english . 
  and malta and cyprus . 
  as far as i know , turkey and france also spend more than 2 % of their gdp on defence . 
  there 's also zeelandic flanders . 
  what 's wrong with almere ? 
  my friend lives there and has n't said anything bad about it . 
  the netherlands ? 
  maybe denmark too if you count greenland . 
  as for `` giving them back '' , that should only be done if the people living there wish for it to be so . 
  this is 2014 after all . 
  slovak is the correct one , but some people incorrectly use slovakian . 
  the official name of the country is the slovak republic . 
  haha :d bubbles can run * very * fast . 
  dune often chases her around the garden . 
  they 're not overfed , in fact dune is quite skinny , just very very fluffy . 
   they get plenty of exercise too . 
  the sandy coloured one is a male called dune , the blue one is a female called bubbles . 
  there 's a divide between muslims here in the uk whether or not the animal must be conscious for it to be halal . 
  a lot of muslims stun the animal and then say the prayer , and these are the majority . 
  i do n't think most people in the uk are really aware of the former president at all . 
  prague is definitely more in people 's minds than bratislava though . 
  * drinks a lot of ( very good ) beer * hot women * a lot of pornstars * probably one of the more countries in eastern europe that people here are more favourable towards, 
   parts of scotland and ireland were norwegian ; including shetlands , orkneys , isle of man , the city of dublin etc. 
  the isle of man is neither part of ireland or scotland ; it is a british crown dependency . 
  the mps of shetland and orkney have said that if scotland votes in favour of independence then they 'll fight for their [ independence ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/shetland-orkney-and-the-outer-hebrides-demand-independence-referendums-of-their-own-if-scotland-votes-yes-9217514.html ) from scotland . 
  # 25 ... it 'd be $ 30 . 
  i 'm not sure if first blood with heavy hammers would have worked well though - first broken bone ? 
  oh oops , i see those ones now . 
  how come some of them are n't in alphabetical order ? 
  croatia coming between honduras and haiti . 
  [ jersey ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jersey ) 1 . 
  [ isle of man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isle_of_man ) 1 . 
  [ cayman islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cayman_islands ) 1 . 
  [ turks and caicos islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_and_caicos_islands ) 1 . 
  [ british virgin islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_virgin_islands ) 1 . 
  looks pretty good !, 
  i must question though , why is there a british indian ocean territory flair but not for other british crown/overseas territories ? 
  hmm , what is my flair now ? 
  edit : ohh brussels, 
  and the switch to it being called great britain is too soon . 
  impressive or not , what reason is there to conquer switzerland ? 
  there 's no natural resources particularly special to switzerland to take control of . 
  it 's a damn good defence for switzerland which works . 
  mine is concerning this , but at a different time . 
  i 'd like to see whether or not harold did swear an oath to william and what it was . 
  and whether or not william forced him . 
  well , we fought for belgium 's freedom so there 's that . 
  nah , you 'd just say the county you 're from . 
  generally they 're quite well known even if they 're not taught and you 'd just give the rough region if they 're not sure . 
  i was n't taught any subdivisions really . 
  we just know some key counties and the ones close to us , that 's it . 
  we do n't really have to memorise place names ... which is probably a good thing since there are something like 80 counties in england . 
  i 've been to slovenia several times and i must agree that it is truly beautiful . 
  i 'm going back there this month !, 
  we have some decent tv here in the uk . 
  it 's good if there is n't much to do . 
  i was walking along a path which ( i think ) is one of the routes planned - between the shopping centre and the train/bus station . 
  it 's a very long walk and will be welcome . 
  not a bus replacement yet but it will be good . 
  the name of the article is a bit misleading , but i still strongly disagree with him . 
  they 're not part of denmark proper but they are still within the sovereign state of the kingdom of denmark . 
  gibraltar is not within any sovereign state . 
  i do think kosovo should have been on there . 
  those three are british crown dependencies . 
  elizabeth is the head of the isle of man as the lord of mann and is the duke of normandy for jersey and guernsey . 
  the isle of man has an old norse-style parliament . 
  there 's an island called sark which was actually feudal up until 2008 and is part of the bailiwick of guernsey yet has a separate country code . 
  they rely on the uk for defence and to represent them internationally but are otherwise independent . 
  the faroe islands and greenland are part of the kingdom of denmark . 
  gibraltar is not part of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  i 'm pretty sure for the last world cup i heard `` nederland nederland nederland ! '', 
  cornish was revived though !, 
  according to the 2011 census there are 500 people who speak it as a main language . 
  well , the uk does n't have an official language !, 
  that said , i 'd really love to send a song that 's sung in welsh . 
  there are plenty so i 'm not sure what specific one . 
  i 'm willing to help . 
  i 'm from essex in britain . 
  it 's flag is beautiful . 
  also maltese , which is semetic, 
  one question - why are the channel islands blue on the 1913 map ? 
  and scottish . 
  i 'd like to dispute your point that it is the oldest monarchy in the world - what about the japanese monarchy ? 
  dammit , if england and scotland never unified they 'd both have older monarchies too !, 
  but they 're still a continuation from the monarchies of the previous states ... 
  eh , i find the old flag rather boring and a bit ugly personally . 
  i find the current one much nicer . 
  ohhh , this is difficult for me !, 
  i love denmark and i love germany and i love slovenia . 
  other countries i have n't spent long enough in to give a fair judgement to . 
  i 'm probably going to say denmark . 
  it is very close to my heart and i love the people and the language . 
  the name means black mountain in venetian . 
  it looks very pretty and has a cool flag without the pan-slavic colours . 
  became an independent state in 2006 .
