wow , the dutch sure take any opportunity to bash the belgians, 
  you 're right . 
  she 's too dark skinned and has really dark eyes . 
  not to mention she has a bit of native bone structure . 
  she 's probably not spanish . 
  edit : http://www.muslimblog.co.in/spainish-girl/beautiful-spanish-girl-alisha-in-black/ `` muslim blog '' i do n't think she 's spanish, 
  the defeat of germany was more so by the russians . 
  but we must also not forget the u.s. almost singlehandedly defeated japan . 
  3rd world ? 
  coming from an estonian ? 
  you 're impossible . 
  it is so well documented that sweden has a huge problem with rape and sexual violence but you refuse to accept the fact . 
  i am done arguing with you , i do n't even have to send you sources anymore because no matter how many stats i throw at you , you just simply wo n't accept the fact that sweden is one of the worst in the world for sexual violence . 
  sexual violence in sweden is a problem and it is one of the worst in the entire world . 
  you 're the only person i 've ever known who refuses to see this . 
  the sooner you and other swedes recognize that , maybe you 'll step up and actually take efforts to reduce the disgusting rate of sexual violence . 
  so , you 're saying a woman who is repeatedly raped only counts as one rape ? 
  so merely a stat ? 
  the way you disregard rape and sexual assault is appalling . 
  why ca n't you accept that sweden has a disgusting problem with rape ? 
  sweden has a ** massive ** problem with rape , and i do n't care what the swedish national council for crime prevention says , even sexual assault is a heinous and disgusting crime . 
  if we do n't count the swedish national council and apparently your definition of rape , sweden still has one of the highest rates of sexual violence in the entire world . 
  you 're so swedish . 
  you refuse to recognize that islam and muslims are a problem because you feel you might be branded as being `` racist '', 
  well are n't you a bucket full of joy . 
  `` an estimated 2-10 % of rape cases in finland are ever reported '' http://www.amnesty.org/en/library/asset/act77/001/2010/en/5ba7f635-f2c3-4b50-86ea-e6c3428cf179/act770012010eng.pdf and yes i know that it is finland , but seeing as finland has less of a rape problem i think it is safe to assert sweden as being in the same neighbourhood statistically . 
  even if the stats are misconstrued you have to also take into account the number of cases that go unreported which is probably very , very high . 
  so your stat balances out with mine . 
  i am pretty sure 85 % of rapes in sweden are committed by muslim immigrants . 
  muslim immigrants represent 7 % of the swedish population , and commit that disproportionate amount of heinous crimes than it is a severe problem . 
  sweden has the 2nd highest rape rate in the world next to south africa . 
  it interchanges between 2nd to 4th place with botswana and lesotho . 
  sweden has 9.5 million people and a total rape count of 5960 . 
  russia has 140 million people and a total count of 4907 . 
  when you beat the russian federation in crime statistics i think you have a big problem . 
  and this is sweden 's problem . 
  even in this thread there is a swedish guy complaining that sweden is bad at `` integrating '' immigrants . 
  he is acting like a typical swede : that it is sweden 's fault that the immigrants are behaving this way . 
  when is sweden going to wake up and see that islamic immigration to that country is why they have a problem . 
  do you see the u.s.a having huge issues with mexican immigration ? 
  do you see the u.s population jumping head over heels to help immigrants `` integrate '' ? 
  the answer is no . 
  sweden needs to realize that the very fabric of who they are letting into their country is the problem - not some failure of the swedish state to `` integrate '' immigrants . 
  sweden has no balls . 
  when muslims strike all the swedes sit back and are afraid to say anything for fear of being racist but when a swede attacks a minority ; `` sweden land of the people who have no balls and we love when people step on us '', 
  i read somewhere that the legalization of abortion in new york state in the early 1990 's contributed to lowering the crime rate in a significant way . 
  spain , now in economic crisis , is probably going to go in reverse to what happened in new york . 
  i really , really dislike russia . 
  that 's right mr. prime minister , tell your entire population that immigrants are better suited for your job . 
  way to promote domestic uk job growth . 
  who won the fight ? 
  mexican navy or polish hooligans ? 
  england has some very attractive women . 
  stop beating yourselves up . 
  have some pride in your own country . 
  your stats seem to defend the average muslim in europe by projecting that most are great , friendly people with great ideals . 
  however , i do n't know if i am correct , but , i heard that upwards of 60 % of british muslims agree that sharia law should be the one and only justice system in britain . 
  apparently people who encourage sharia law are a `` radical minority '' , yet , 60 % believe in sharia . 
  again , my stats might be wrong . 
  sorry , it is just what i heard . 
  that is completely unacceptable . 
  what a nut . 
  i 've noticed that english people are often afraid to show national pride . 
  or they are at least apprehensive . 
  we need and englishman to vouch for my statement . 
  it is just an observation . 
  are you from england ? 
  because i 've noticed english people have a terrible lack of pride in their country . 
  nationalism is awesome . 
  pride in your culture , identity and country are things that all people should have . 
  i 've had the pleasure of living in belgium and canada . 
  now canada had a referendum where the province of qu\u00e9bec attempted to separate from canada . 
  the voting results were close to 50/50 . 
  today , the qu\u00e9bec referendum is dead , and many , many quebecers want to stay and be canadian . 
  i think scotland can support itself . 
  i think qu\u00e9bec could support itself . 
  however , i think scotland should think twice about separating . 
  think of what scotland would lose by separating from the u.k. qu\u00e9bec has come just one percent from a separation , yet , today they are overwhelmingly against a separation . 
  scotland may feel the same way . 
  immigration to france in 1970 was nowhere near the levels it is today . 
  a majority of muslims hold extreme views . 
  no such thing as a muslim `` moderates '', 
  north america, 
  i am not american . 
  i 'm canadian , first of all . 
  and , dude , do you not think i frequently visit europe ? 
  my fianc\u00e9 is french . 
  i spend lots of time in france . 
  growing up , my dad also lived in roosbeek , belgium , so i spent time there as well . 
  i have also travelled extensively through europe . 
  and i can learn about european politics as well , you do n't have to be european to know about europe . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkmi1wv0ps check out this documentary on muslims in luton . 
  what is with you and america ? 
  someone a little jealous ? 
  your first comment was fucking stupid , that is why my `` defense-o-meter '' went off . 
  dude . 
  you have the thickest skull . 
  if europe did n't accept these people in the first place , these two elderly people would still be alive . 
  it is utter disrespect to demand money , asylum , safekeeping from a country and then go out and murder two of that countries ' citizens . 
  yeah , but now polish taxpayers have to deal with him for the rest of his long life , rotting in prison , eating polish food payed for by you .
