  but ... but ... immigrants commit crimes at disproportional levels . 
  they literally commit more crime than europeans . 
  they are more violent . 
  wikipedia lists sources for their statistics which happen to be from reputable sources . 
  did you know that wikipedia has a higher accuracy rate than encyclopedia britannica ? 
  also , you ca n't just piss around and edit wikipedia pages , you have to be an approved poster/submitter . 
  wikipedia also has moderators . 
  and facts ca n't be racist . 
  it is the truth . 
  over 50 % of homicides in the usa are committed by blacks , over 50 % of the prison population is black . 
  were those facts racist ? 
  ummm so why import more people to commit crime ? 
  people are tired of immigrants coming to europe and blantatly disrespecting our laws , customs , traditions and history - this happens thousands of times . 
  says the englishman ? 
  have n't immigrants fucked up the u.k. enough already ? 
  why do only western / white countries have to open doors to immigration ? 
  why ca n't we keep europe for europeans ? 
  not like america , my friend . 
  almost ** everyone ** in some states own guns . 
  or those people who say ; `` they 're only stealing because we do n't give them enough . '', 
  or when they say `` it is because of american/western interests that these refugees are even here in the first place . 
  `` s some people like to pin problems on the `` big bad western world '', 
  maybe he 's of italian decent ? 
  maybe his wife is from italy ? 
  maybe he lives in italy ? 
  i am not a french citizen but my fianc\u00e9 is french . 
  my parents were born in france , but i was born in canada . 
  can i not have an opinion ? 
  i am capable of following european politics , you know . 
  just because you 're from europe does n't mean you know more about europe . 
  no it is n't . 
  preserve europe for europeans . 
  demographic predictions place europe at 20-30 % muslim ( or even higher ) in the coming decades . 
  how do you start protesting , violence and general misbehaviour and expect to be welcomed into someone else 's country ? 
  fuck these people . 
  autobahn is in germany . 
  you know you did n't have any problems . 
  you enjoyed driving through france . 
  i 'm not saying deport the immigrants we have now . 
  i 'm not saying stop immigration . 
  i would like to see decreased immigration , and an emphasis placed on native swedes repopulating . 
  what is wrong with a nation where swedes represent 85 % + ? 
  nothing . 
  what is wrong with france being 85 % + ethnic french ? 
  nothing . 
  what is wrong with a country like nigeria being 95 % + black ? 
  nothing . 
  do i want nigeria to open itself to immigration to become `` diverse '' no . 
  i travel to nigeria to experience nigerian culture , not the cultures of 30 different ethnicities . 
  when you travel to egypt , morocco , china , the phillippines , you expect a very homogenous nation , and i want that . 
  i go to your country to experience your culture , architecture and cuisine , not your immigrant groups . 
  apparently only white countries need to be `` diverse '' there is nothing wrong with being ethnically homogenous . 
  i do understand the consequences . 
  i actually studied caribbean history ( massive amounts of slavery ) and the implications it has today . 
  considering i 'll probably live to around 85-90 , i will start to see france and other western nations have their % of whites decrease to 50-60 % of the population . 
  when i die , france will probably be only 50 % white . 
  well , france is only around 80 % of french ancestry now . 
  it is expected to go lower . 
  maybe it will be 60 % french when i die . 
  and norway is next , norway is 86 % norwegian . 
  immigrant groups are immigrating faster and having children faster than ethnic norwegians . 
  i say ethnic norwegians fall below 60 % by the time you die . 
  there are only 5,000,000 of you !!!!!, 
  preserve your wonderful , beautiful nation and people . 
  there is nothing wrong with your country being 90 % + white . 
  i have not and never will feel `` guilty '' about what my ancestors did * hundreds of years ago * . 
  you should n't either . 
  * retarded racist goals ? 
  are n't they just trying to keep sweden for ethnic swedes ? 
  like muslims trying to keep their own countries for muslims , jews for jews , india for indians etc. . see the trend ? 
  a norwegian displaying incredible white guilt ? 
  well i am soooo surprised . 
  not really . 
  i like being white . 
  you seem like a swell guy . 
  a real cracker to hang out with . 
  rip europe and european culture, 
  it is funny that an englishman , of all people , does n't understand neocolonialism, 
  how the fuck was he being racist ? 
  goddamn sensitive/over politically correct people these days, 
  separatist movements always have irked me . 
  just remain in spain , and support your regional culture . 
  simple . 
  why would you want to go from a population of 47 million to 2 million ? 
  think of all the land , people , money , economic activity you 'll be losing !, 
  you 'll be in a tiny little country !, 
  7 % of the population ( black men ) are responsible for 50 % + of homicides in america . 
  the wealthiest income bracket of blacks in america still commits more homicide than the poorest income bracket of whites on a per capita basis . 
  it is a cultural problem within the black male population . 
  nearly every black male in america knows someone in jail , or who has been to jail . 
  on the other hand , the appalachian mountains in west virginia is the most impoverished place in the united states . 
  the population is 90 % + white , and they have next to zero violent crime . 
  the united states has 315 million people and vastly different socio-economics and criminality . 
  its not bad per say , just a little disgraceful that france is being represented 55 % + from the african continent . 
  simple . 
  we stop islamic immigration and we do n't have these `` homegrown '' terrorists . 
  they have literally done nothing to benefit european society . 
  and we should limit islamic immigration . 
  what have they done beneficial ? 
  what have they done except prove that they do n't assimilate , that they commit disproportional amounts of crime , that they bring archaic ideas to our continent .
