  sorry , but i do n't care if isis wants us to hate muslims , how many hold extremist views ? 
  thats a risk europe just does n't need to take . 
  eh , there are a few places in marseille where even police do n't go ( or more or less leave alone , the risk really outweighs the reward ) . 
  but i know what you mean , its not an american , brazilian or south african ghetto . 
  siberia sucks ass , stop trying to make us think otherwise . 
  the problem is that the refugees then were european . 
  now they are not . 
  europe should be for europeans . 
  venice is hands down the # 1 canal city in the world . 
  when people think of canals they think of venice . 
  when people think of venice they think of canals . 
  hell , many people do n't even think about the canals of amsterdam or utrecht , many people do n't even know these cities have canals . 
  venice 's canals are unmistakeable and infamous . 
  does someone have to show you venice ? 
  waiting for russia again, 
  careful you do n't cut yourself on the edginess of your comment, 
  the plan , in the case of an invasion , is to abandon the low lying plains and retreat into the alps, 
  remaining neutral is bound to run its course . 
  someone , someday , will get tired of switzerland 's shit, 
  i rest my case . 
  oh come on , that does n't count . 
  martinique is geographically in the caribbean . 
  aruba is geographically in the caribbean . 
  politically , they are european . 
  culturally , they are not . 
  also the canaries are sitting at mid-low twenties , not even close to 30c + . 
  nowhere in europe is 30c + . 
  however , if someone wants to prove me wrong , i 'll eat my words, 
  where are you ? 
  australia ? 
  no where in europe is +30 c, 
  oh come on , they 're just ribbing you , right ? 
  every swede wants sk\u00e5ne to remain as sweden when it seriously comes down to it ? 
  because each englishman scans the entirety of the thread so he can post oc ... 
  damn , he even sympathizes with the danes . 
  what kind of `` swede '' are you ? 
  because sweden is the largest , most influential of the three . 
  also , sweden 's territorial gains/history is more illustrious in the modern era . 
  in short , they 're kinda jealous it seems . 
  the mexican cartels are para military organizations . 
  they have military technology . 
  their sheer brutality also makes them a lot more powerful and dangerous than either the yakuza or italian mafia . 
  you went ham on that, 
  london is only 44 % white british . 
  you are a minority in your own capital . 
  also , london is n't integrated , there are little enclaves of different groups everywhere . 
  germany , sweden and france is what they 're looking for . 
  oh god , here he goes with his mucous . 
  uhh , yeah , they 're irish names . 
  i 'm also of english decent , but i would never go to england and call myself english , ever . 
  i mean , i do have a little more claim to being `` english '' than say , a romanian , but i will still never claim it , because i 'm not english . 
  lol , buddy . 
  to be `` english '' , you have to be of english ethnicity . 
  this is n't america . 
  you ca n't just come to england and say `` i 'm english '' when you 're clearly of pakistani , polish etc origin . 
  no matter what you say , you 're not english . 
  english is an ethnicity with hundreds of years of history . 
  you ca n't hand out demonyms like england is some country founded in 1776 by some immigrants . 
  you can be living in britain , but if your not of a british isles ethnicity , then you 'll never be truly british . 
  and you do n't fucking think that is a problem ? 
  god damn you 're pitiful . 
  you do n't have to be english to know about england . 
  i mean , look , luton is full of non - brits , anyway . 
  yes . 
  vacationed in nazar\u00e9 and lisboa with my friends . 
  i know portugal is n't terrible , but why would a refugee in his right mind choose the poorest western european country to live in when he can go for the safety nets in sweden or germany ? 
  i never said stop upholding what you deem to be `` european , '' i still think europe should have immigration , albeit at much more controlled and lower levels . 
  no place in europe should have more foreigners than the native europeans , period . 
  i know its hard for a turk , at 99 % muslim , and essentially homogenous , to fathom why we do n't want to lose our european culture . 
  i know they 're not european ( honourably ? 
  haha ) but i wanted to post this because the architecture is similar to european styles . 
  protecting europe from an invasion of non-europeans ? 
  you 're not european . 
  who wants to live in portugal , tho ? 
  church and state is still much less of an intrusion of european values and rights . 
  at least the catholic church does n't have bat shit crazy ideals and values . 
  plus , christianity is effectively a european tradition and was popularized in europe . 
  stop trying to make christianity look bad . 
  yeah , france is anywhere from 10 % -15 % muslim . 
  consequently , some of the most impoverished shitholes in france , like the banlieues in paris or the suburbs/arrondissements of marseille breed not only crime , but also terrorism . 
  lots of americans know where belgium is . 
  as for the ones who do n't , its not like amazing and newsworthy things happen in belgium all the time . 
  i mean , some us states are wayyyy more populated than belgium . 
  the upp is awful . 
  it is n't france 's job to integrate people . 
  they have to work and at least try to assimilate . 
  this is france , we do n't accommodate you . 
  because we have no business meddling in their country . 
  intervening would cause tremendous problems . 
  well , now that sheds some light ... 
  why not ? 
  just because their religion says he ca n't have some fermented sugars is going to stop you , in your own home and country , from drinking one glass of wine ? 
  this has been the roman ideal for 2000 years . 
  humanist movements and the renaissance focused so much on realism and the beauty of the human form - as one of god 's most beautiful creations . 
  and now we cater to this barbaric culture . 
  rest in peace germany . 
  that sucks ass, 
  always prefer that, 
  damn thats pretty awesome . 
  good for spain .
