  but dat 2.9 % unemployment in iceland tho, 
  same thing in canada . 
  canada is often referred to as `` a country of nations '' g8 says its the most fragmented economy in the g8 the vastness of the canadian provinces make the provinces more akin to nations , rather than provinces . 
  they basically govern themselves . 
  especially ontario , qu\u00e9bec , bc , and alberta, 
  please do n't oversimplify a complex problem, 
  please read my comments . 
  i said `` foreigner/foreign decent '' in every . 
  single . 
  comment . 
  i know its hard , because you want to jump at the throat of anyone who has any distain for muslims , but its okay . 
  `` the br\u00c5 has not released detailed data on rape committed by immigrants since 1996 , but according to that report individuals with an immigrant background made up 53 % of all rape convictions between 1985 and 1989 '' http://www.pdf-archive.com/2011/05/08/br-1996-2-invandrares-och-invandrares-barns-brottslighet-1/br-1996-2-invandrares-och-invandrares-barns-brottslighet-1.pdf i do n't speak swedish , but please , if the number is not 53 % , tell me . 
  yes , i mean , br\u00c5 , i do n't speak swedish , so i do n't have swedish characters . 
  you do n't have to be condescending . 
  yes , i also know that the swedish government counts rape statistics wrong , but it still stands that sweden has appalling rates of sexual violence , and that people of foreign decent are highly overrepresented, 
  you want statistics from the swedish bra ? 
  albeit , sweden has n't taken crime stats based on race since 1989 , but in that report over 50 % of rapes were committed by a foreign national . 
  the percentage is now even higher . 
  80 % + of rapes in your country are committed by foreigners, 
   imho multiculturalism is a good thing . 
  brussels has so many different cultures but the problems come mainly from one specific group of people . 
  africans have their own areas with very few problems . 
  s-americans , se asians , all fine . 
  there are more people of foreign decent than belgians in brussels . 
  do n't you think thats a really bad policy ? 
  yeah . 
  europe is for europeans , as it has been for millennia and as it should be for millennia to come, 
  yeah , the rampant crime and poverty points to the old country being best . 
  jesus man , if youre going to be insensitive at least get their language right . 
  they speak jalape\u00f1o, 
  you have a response , other than calling me `` a racist ? '', 
  yeah , i do n't think thats correct ... 
  no , im weary of those who i let in my nation , especially with open borders . 
  its no secret that views that we can call `` extreme '' are very common with some turks - a sizeable minority hold `` extremist '' views . 
  if 10 % of turks hold `` extremist '' views - thats 8,000,000 people - and its way higher than 10 % . 
  leave it to a swede to call someone `` racist '' for being concerned about a nation of 80 million becoming a full fledged european union member . 
  i absolutely harbour no feelings of the inferiority of turks based upon their skin colour or ethnic features . 
  i 'm curious , have you ever seen any polls on attitudes towards things like women 's rights , religious freedoms , support for islamic terror groups , in turkey ? 
  obviously there are millions of turks who would fit in europe quite readily , and those are the people we should be letting in , rather than making turkey a full fledged member of the european union . 
  we also need to work to ensure that turkish residents do not displace indigenous residents , through segregation . 
  unfortunately , its not these moderate turks who control the government ( erdogan , case in point ) and these moderate turks seemingly take a back seat to the islamism thats starting to grip turkey . 
  there are 80 million turks , letting such a disadvantaged country join the e.u. 
  puts massive strain on our nations . 
  they will literally become the largest nation in europe , if they are allowed in . 
  ( not counting russia ) dont forget , that literally since the greeks , the anatolian peninsula has harboured distain for europe and has consistently proven to be our direct enemy . 
  dont stroke your dick too much . 
  well to be fair , the reason they never fought a war on their home soil was because their navy fucking beat the shit out of everyone . 
  its not that nobody wanted to invade - nobody had the capacity to invade . 
  that , and the foreign policy was excellent compared to the absolute monarchies of mainland europe . 
  luck has nothing to do with it . 
  yeah because you directly colonized those places . 
  next youre going to say martinique has lots in common with france . 
  and canada is a tri ocean nation ( pacific , arctic , atlantic ) canada is a member of lots of `` pacific '' organizations . 
  turkey is not european . 
  they have a basket case of a leader , and their people hold extremist views quite regularly . 
  do they want open borders and easy working options for turks ? 
  because expect a lot more turks in europe if this happens . 
  there are nearly 80 million turks . 
  if you 're not european , you 'll never be european . 
  your empire 's record does n't really suggest that, 
  that used to happen at the university of toronto until the 1990s . 
  its not just europe !, 
  france is most def not southern europe . 
  is n't it other refugees committing the rapes and not australian officials ? 
  why ca n't your governments just say `` if you arrive on our soil by way of boat in the mediterranean , you will not be granted asylum , and will be sent back to the port of origin '' these people know that if they set foot on europe - they wo n't be sent back - they know they 're refugees now . 
  france , with the exception of algeria , barely settled anywhere in africa with large numbers of europeans . 
  they administered . 
  not settled . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/28/world/europe/28marseille.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 new york times says 25 % in 2009 . 
  also , the french government doesnt keep statistics on race or religion , so its really just research institutes making educated estimates . 
  so its my duty to help integrate some random ass people who show up in france ? 
  its my culture , adapt or get the fuck out . 
  do it yourself . 
  stop segregating yourself . 
  we do n't have to ask italians or spaniards to adapt to our culture - only non-europeans . 
  the migrant crisis and immigration crisis is a much more paramount event than even the `` communism scare '', 
  how is it somehow france 's fault ? 
  maybe its because we fucking let in a culture incompatible with western values and culture . 
  we have no `` duty '' to assimilate these people . 
  its their own task . 
  we just need to choose our immigrants more wisely . 
  marseille - 30 % + muslim . 
  thats all you need to know . 
  the fact that we have to inform them tells you that you probably shouldnt let them in . 
  man its fucking pitiful that we have to resort to this shit, 
  tell that to japan and south korea also , i agree immigration should be allowed , but immigrants or their descendants should never comprise more than 20 % of a european nation . 
  this is literally the ancestral homeland of white people . 
  when we are the minority , we will never , ever become the majority again . 
  ( in our own fucking homeland ) i 'm curious , have you ever seen demographic predictions for europe in the next 50-100 years ? 
  for sure man . 
  every muslim in europe already is obviously allowed to stay . 
  but immigration from islamic countries should be severely limited . 
  like to literally maybe less than 15,000 / year . 
  how many terrorist attacks before you realize that most muslims hold extremist views and are incompatible with european society ? 
  it is about religion . 
  europe has been under siege from islam , immigration and political correctness for the last 10 years . 
  europe is for europeans . 
  ( still believe that europe should let immigrants , but they should always form below 15 % of the countries respective population ), 
  racist ? 
  we 've had like 20 islamic terrorist attacks in the last 10 years .
