  the basis for being european is blood and clay ? 
  there are so many arguments against siding / work with turkey and you choose blood and clay . 
  afd is just that far right that center parties appear left i guess, 
   but if the afd wants to become sucessful , they have to get rid of the most extreme people . 
  they had the chance to choose between a moderate lucke and far more extremist petry and h\u00f6cke . 
  now they are more succesfull than ever sadly, 
  animals are n't able of complex thought processes like humans are . 
  how can this be too hard to grasp ? 
  they do n't plan on killing others but act on instincts, 
  enlighten me , what is going to happen ? 
  how were you affected ? 
  i come by a refugee shelter every day and i 'm not affected yet . 
  that german soliders fought in iraq is new information to me , wikipedia says there were n't any . 
  out of curiosity , where do you come from ? 
  being rich does not make your actions right or wrong . 
  and i do n't think two world wars contributed to our nations wealth , we probably would have a third world economy without the help and willingness to forgive and look forward of the former allies . 
  and my/our ( german ) ancestors were people with different ideas too , you know ? 
  some were racists i would happily spit on , some probably were great guys with a sense of egalitarianism . 
  some germans want to unite people others want back nationalistic times , , i do n't see myself as one of the later ones . 
  i do n't even know / care much about traditions and culture apart from celebrating christmas once a year . 
  it all comes down to the constitution , if you accept it , live and let live , you can pray five times a day and celebrate sugar festivities all day long if you like if you accept that i want to live my life in a different way . 
  i guess my ancestors had different ideas about what this country should look like than i have , why would i continue what my ancestors fought for if i think this is wrong ? 
  adding to that : there probably were people fighting for egalitarianism in germany 's history , who decides what ancestors ideas i should continue to follow ? 
  i think national pride is pretty weak , something for people to be proud of who did n't achieve something themselves . 
  i guess everyone is brain washed to some degree , but i think we in europe ( especially in germany ) have it quite easy to make a living , we should help others in need . 
  i mean what is your problem with the new guys ? 
  some are criminal and should be dealt with by the police , just like criminal germans , the others are equaly decent people searching for a better life . 
  again we ca n't take everybody but those escaping war for sure . 
  i did n't follow the cologne incident , i think i heard of three suspects facing judgement but they are probably walking around free now . 
  and i do n't judge more than a million new refugees based on the acts of a few thousands . 
  if you would have groped a girl that night you would probably not be persecuted , too , because it 's very likely hard to identify attackers in the masses . 
  i do n't care if other european people laugh at germans , i 'm proud we are doing something at least . 
  of course we ca n't take a million every year , but other european countries wo n't even accept a hundred . 
  seems pretty weak to me, 
  i still feel like i 'm better off than even the best situated refuegee in germany . 
  it 's pretty exaggerated that the wellbeing of refugees is placed above the citizens wellbeing . 
  i think it 's hypocritical of the other countries , too . 
  and we agree that the masses of refugees have been here for years with the civil war worsening the situation but it 's not merkels fault ? 
  what / u/theogr said makes sense , on top of that people might think it 's their own fault for being ( stereotypically ) lazy and not willing to pay taxes . 
  the war in syria is brutal and not the peoples fault on the other hand . 
  furthermore there were no greeks arriving by train in munich so their problems are not that close, 
  as if there had not been thousands of refugees in hungary even before merkel helped them to germany . 
  it 's funny how people believe this crisis would be none without merkel . 
  if noone thinks he 's responsible the world wo n't change to the better . 
  anyways , i 'm not helping the rest of the world because i feel like i have enough to care about already . 
  but i think the people who help refugees , do n't have less worries on their own that 's why i really admire them . 
  these people really try to make a difference and construct a future with the newlanders , others just try to destroy refugee shelters and are toxic to the society . 
  i never heard anyone who helps refugees saying he does so because of wwii . 
  its more likely that they feel like we are incredibly wealthy and these people need help , so why not help them ? 
  far from it . 
  the situation in hungary was n't bearable anymore so merkel actively tried to help the people that were already there . 
  the refugees have already been in europe before that so willkommenskultur has not induced the crisis but people in germany felt the big urge to help the refugees . 
  willkommenskultur was n't apathy , the population was n't indifferent to the refugees but welcoming . 
  so yes germans actively supported this . 
  exactly , they would really help their beloved country if they would help the refugees and not attack them . 
  they could still fight immigration in politics but as long as the governments stance does n't change we should try to make the best out of the situation . 
  attacking refugees will push them to extremism themselves and the meatheads will feel like they 've been right from the start about their prejudices, 
  of course it 's allowed to voice your criticism . 
  but expect others to voice their thoughts about your opinion too , but you probably do n't like that , do you ? 
  attacking refugees and burning shelters is the most stupid thing you can do , but what can you really expect from these meatheads . 
  if you are not content with the politicians take the protest to them . 
  instead they are forcing the refugees into a `` they against us `` mentality which will most likely result in frustrated young guys that become violent too and then nazis will fell like they were right from the beginning . 
  i ca n't remember the last time a politi al talkshow had another topic than the refugees , i 'm getting taz regulary and it 's full of refugee stuff too . . 
  yes , it 's the very definition of democracy to be able to ridicule my nationality . 
  i would ridicule everyone who thinks his nationality is that important that you have to punch others in the face because they mock the nation . 
  nope, 
  nationality is nothing more than a piece of paper wit a nation 's name written on it . 
  it can be ridiculed as much as religion, 
  i can only imagine everyone shooting at everybody in the concerthall , good idea, 
  where do you find these statistics ? 
  this man can propose whatever he thinks is the right thing to do . 
  after all he is proposing not dictating , if others do n't like it they do n't necessarily have to agree with it . 
  exactly my thoughts , all i see is a big circlejerk under this post . 
   what is the first thing that comes to mind when you 're thinking about austria ? 
   what do you know about the people ? 
  what are they like ? 
  i think they are just like germans with funnier accents . 
  you can choose whatever government you 'd like , if it does n't obey eu laws and regulations you will have to be sanctioned or leave . 
  if everything is according to law there 's nothing to fear about . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
  as far as i know eu law stands over national laws . 
  well if the power plant has been considered safe few days before , i wonder how reliable or manageable nuclear power is . 
  a risk i would n't want to take if there are better options on the table like renewable energies . 
  they certainly will play a major role in futer power supply , when germany forces the change it 's more likely for others to follow , it 's just someone ( or a group of countries ) has / have to go first and make progress to make this energy source an option for other countries to follow . 
  yes sure there are reasonable arguments pro and contra , i think it 's better to have possibilities to store renewable energies for reliable supply of power than store radioactive waste , because that 's the biggest problem . 
  last week or so a belgian nuclear power plant was started again after long maintenance , few days later it had to be shut down again for safety reasons . 
  newer plants would be more safe but you still have to get rid of the waste , nothing that should be taken easily especially in dense populated europe . 
  `` it 's not my fault that i 'm caving in the heads of strangers !!, 
  sometimes you have to force change, 
  in germany arrived about a million refugees this year , some thousand assault women , which is not ok of course and i would have never expected this to happen , but you still blame roughly a million people for something they did not do because they are from a certain region or culture . 
  this is xenophobic . 
   the situation in afghanistan has been more or less stabilized by now . 
   and the people allegedly fleeing such mayhem commit crimes in the country they 've been granted asylum ? 
  i just stated afghanistan is not a safe country . 
  dual party system ? 
  i count more than that , if the other parties do n't ever come to power they are just not that appealing to the people . 
  the only party they try to ban is the npd , are you sad that they do n't want nazis in government ? 
  i mean they would n't even win elections so i really do n't see why they should be banned . 
  not winning elections is pretty much the strongest sign that nazis and `` besorgte b\u00fcrger '' are not the majority . 
  or do you have other explanations for it ?
