  why not both ? 
  what makes you think the police would much rather go after right wing terrorists than other kinds of terrorists ? 
  are some kinds of terrorism better than others ? 
  oh lord i 've got so many questions . 
  i never really understood why other countries should take the detainees . 
  i 've never heard italy complain about the amount of refugees coming by boat to italy before merkel said `` wir schaffen ddas `` either . 
  i think this was the right choice . 
  the law is there so it has to be followed , now there 'll be a trial and b\u00f6hmermann will most likely not be found guilty . 
  then we can tell erdogan : `` see , this is how a rechtsstaat works ``, 
   f a country 's population is collapsing presumably that it is because conditions are n't good enough for young people in that country to have children . 
  that 's why african and arab countries have high birthrates and many in europe do n't , right ? 
  studying for a while now i think higher education does not only improve specific knowledge about a certain field of expertise but also leads to massive selfimprovement and the knowledge of how to organize and manage yourself . 
  to me this is even more important and i think more people should get a higher education simply to raise the peoples consciousness and make them better functioning members of our society . 
  especially because people in germany now spend one year less in school , universities offer more chances to develop, 
  i know right ? 
  the world is going to shit and millions of people lose their homes and lifes but at least we 'll have jobs . 
  fake it until you make it , you can adapt this dialect for sure, 
  there are many options some better than others and not every option can be used everywhere . 
  if you are interested you can educate yourself you can even read my other comments if you do n't know where to start, 
  well no shit , as i wrote there will be other ways . 
  you asked for a simple way of storing energy , i 'm sorry you ca n't handle the answer, 
  according to wikipedia hydropower in norway contributes up to 95 % to the total powerproduction . 
  you only asked for one example and obviously there are methods that are effective . 
  just read the section about hydrostorage in the wikipedia article about the electricity sector in norway , sounds like it is working to me, 
  i think there will rarely be times every single source of renewable energies will not produce energy and we will have to rely entirely on storage . 
  whatever i 'm no expert but i 'm optimisstic people with more knowledge than me have thought this through and i 'm glad nuclear energy will run out as it will encourage research of new technologies . 
  pump water uphills , let it run through turbines when in need of energy , look at my other answers to this topic , i 'm on my phone and too lazy to write the same stuff twice, 
  you do n't bother that others propose nuclear fusion though ? 
  research is needed but there will be ways . 
  i 'm too lazy to check but does n't norway mostly run by renewable energies ? 
  just pump water up when you have too much energy and let it run down the turbines when you need energy . 
  since not every country has mountains we 'll have to think of other possibilities like electrolysis of water or something else like big spheres underwater that you fill with air when you have enough power and flood them when in need, 
  simple solution would be to store the energy when you are producing more than needed and take energy from the storage when you need more energy than is produced . 
  sounds way better to me than nuclear power, 
   satire if known to be one and is presented as such , should be under the protection of the law especially against politicians . 
  the thing is , this is not satire . 
  you are probably not able to understand it because you do n't know german maybe ? 
  b\u00f6hmerman explicitely states that this is not satire and reads this poem to show erdogan what is allowed and what is not . 
  he often mentions that what he 's saying right now is not allowed and that this show would have to be taken off the web . 
  remember : extra3 video : satire and art , allowed covered by article 5 b\u00f6hmermann poem : not allowed , called `` schm\u00e4hkritik '' ( compilation of insults ) after b\u00f6hmermann made this clear he reads the poem as an example of what is not allowed . 
  zdf could be sued according to german law , that 's not giving in to what the bully wants ... 
  zdf could be sued according to german law , that 's not giving in to what the bully wants ... 
  satire is allowed here too , take aa look at the extra3 video . 
  the video by b\u00f6hmermann was simply a collection of insults . 
   even on the last sanft and sorgf\u00e4ltig podcast [ ... ] even on ? 
  did you expect b\u00f6hmermann ( # 1 opinion maker in germany according to gq , he mentionned that some weeks ago in the podcast ) to talk objectively about politics ? 
  the opinions of both moderators are a rather essential part of the show . 
  i would listen to the news if i wanted to be informed objectively . 
  what if one out of two hundreds thinks sinking the ship is a good idea ? 
  fascist is oldy but goldy, 
  is regressive left the new buzzword here ? 
  i already crossed answering accusations like this off my list today , here you go :  people like you come and try to blame society i do n't blame the society exclusively but to a certain degree . 
   instead of blaming the real reason and motivator which is islam . 
  because i do n't think this is the real reason/motivator . 
  i think radical islam offers these people a way to be significant . 
  being left behind by the european society people feel insignificant , while a sense of significance is a basic human need ( feeling special / important ) . 
  using violence people become instantly significant , some feel like this is the best/easiest way for them ( it 's the fastest for sure ) . 
  and this is just one possible explanation , one i think suits many cases , on why people blow themselves up . 
   nobody defends nazis and says well it 's not nazism it 's society and economy , they say nazism is flawed . 
  i 'm not defending violent muslims , i 'm searching for reasons why they become what they are . 
  i do n't want to defend nazis , too , but many people say the horrible economic situation after ww1 and harsh conditions the winners put onto germany led to nazis becoming popular . 
  there are reasons why people take interest in ideologies . 
  after ww2 the winners massively invested ( at least the western ) in western-germany and without searching for statistics i think one can say east-germany is more racist ( ideology ) than the west . 
  until today east-germany is in a disadvantaged position in germany . 
  of course ideologies like nazism , radical islamism are bad , but only as long as people are drawn to it . 
  so we have to question why are people drawn to it . 
  does n't explain why ethnic europeans convert to islam and want to die for it . 
  and the radicalization is rarely accepted or even recognized at first by the parents, 
   yeah , by whom ? 
  exactly , by extremist immigrants who paint a bright picture about their `` home country '' and quran . 
  [ ... ] the real problem is immigration of incompatible cultures . 
  ask yourself some questions : why is radical islam that attractive to young people ? 
  also : why are there many young ethnic europeans converting to islamism willing to fight in syria ? 
  culture does n't seem to be the answer here . 
  it means you ca n't blame todays refugees for terrorist attacks commited by europeans . 
  i get it now . 
  regarding germany i think politicians after ww2 imported many turkish people to help rebuild germany and thought they would leave germany after a while , thus not making efforts to integrate them . 
  today i think there came too many migrants in too short of a time to integrate them succesfully . 
  the same applies to sweden and finland probably . 
  only throwing money at them wo n't work and i think people working voluntarily with refugees are doing a great job and contribute to integration but there are just too many refugees to succesfully integrate them . 
  i think though , if there are n't coming any more it 's doable for us in germany but we will have to think about how to handle integration with greater effort . 
   massive amounts of terrorists organizations that exist they exist mostly if not exclusively where countries went to shit . 
  why would you want to transfer the experiences in countries with extremly different social and economic situations to europe ? 
  does n't make sense to me . 
   you ca n't seem to understand that for europeans any muslim can be a time bomb because they all adhere to the same ideology that create terrorists , islam . 
  no i ca n't because this is bs . 
  like you said not every religious person takes the holy word literally , many cherry pick , yet you say  any muslim can be a time bomb because they all adhere to the same ideology what ? 
   people like you come and try to blame society i do n't blame the society exclusively but to a certain degree . 
   instead of blaming the real reason and motivator which is islam . 
  because i do n't think this is the real reason/motivator . 
  i think radical islam offers these people a way to be significant . 
  being left behind by the european society people feel insignificant , while a sense of significance is a basic human need ( feeling special / important ) . 
  using violence people become instantly significant , some feel like this is the best/easiest way for them ( it 's the fastest for sure ) . 
  and this is just one possible explanation , one i think suits many cases , on why people blow themselves up . 
   nobody defends nazis and says well it 's not nazism it 's society and economy , they say nazism is flawed . 
  i 'm not defending violent muslims , i 'm searching for reasons why they become what they are . 
  i do n't want to defend nazis , too , but many people say the horrible economic situation after ww1 and harsh conditions the winners put onto germany led to nazis becoming popular . 
  there are reasons why people take interest in ideologies . 
  after ww2 the winners massively invested ( at least the western ) in western-germany and without searching for statistics i think one can say east-germany is more racist ( ideology ) than the west . 
  until today east-germany is in a disadvantaged position in germany .
