if there is no reason why they should decide where they want to end up , then why most of the refugees are actually in germany and northern europe . 
  because de facto they were able to decide where to go , does n't have to stay that way . 
   constant reminding people in the eastern europe about eu subsidies is just humiliating for them . 
  should n't be necessary , decent people would n't try to avoid solidarity with the people that help them at all cost . 
  instead there is not a single constructive proposal . 
   eu at this state should cease to exist , or be completely reformed . 
  i 'm in favor of a small union that actually wants further integration of the memberstates, 
   not force them to take any , and absolutely never punish them so much for it . 
  i think for as long as they like to receive money from the eu they should show some solidarity in return . 
  dublin was very comfortable for all of us except the southern countries that were left alone . 
  250k seem a bit over the top though we are obliged to help people fleeing of war but there 's no reason why they should decide where they want to end up . 
  the distribution of refugees is about relieving the countries affected by the refugees the most but somehow it 's too much to ask for to the v4 . 
  if we think of a democratic union only numbers should matter . 
  the opinions of each and every european should have the same weight , that would mean germany representing 80mil should have more weight in decisions than v4 in theory . 
  nothing else should matter even though v4 might be a superpower whatever that one means . 
  on the other hand you could say not all 80mil back the german government and you would be right same applying to v4 . 
  the other option would be questioning all 500mil ( ? ), 
  europeans but that would take a big effort . 
  maybe you could also take into account who pays most . 
  that 's , too , not very favourable to v4, 
  how many people do the v4 represent ? 
  around 65mil ? 
  thats less than germany alone , stop taking yourself for that important, 
   forcing v4 to accept refugees or face fines enforced by a qmv is a stupid idea i think fines are the wrong word , if they are n't willing to show solidarity by accepting refugees they should show solidarity by paying or receiving less from the eu so that the countries that host refugees can be financially supported, 
  gladly it 's not that important what kind of life you think one should strive for here in germany . 
  i 'd be more concerned about getting arrested for insulting erdogan or some other stuff , does n't seem to me like one can trust in the legal system . 
  i already altered my comment but i was afraid you would already be typing . 
  i think you are right that gmo 's and naturally mutated organisms are very much equal in the threats they possibly pose , if used by humans ( i.e. 
  usage on a grand scale like using on crops globally ) . 
  so i 'll pull back to the point that i think one should be really cautious with using unknown organisms and substances and there is reason for people to be concerned about them . 
   so you come to an island and find that there is a naturally occurring `` kill everything '' yeast ... 
  but you still think gmo 's are more dangerous somehow ? 
  i highly doubt you 're doing a bsc in biochemistry . 
  maybe at the university of the democratic republic of congo , but not anywhere real . 
  you seem to lack the emotional intelligence to grasp the idea of exaggerated examples in a rather lax , non-scientific , discussion here on reddit . 
  no need to take my examples overly serious , the essence of the example was that the science guy can observe the impact of the gmo already in its habitat . 
  although i 'm ready to admit that as dramatic as the organism alters the biosphere it would probably be observed in trials first before it would be sold to the world . 
   you 're quite clearly incredibly bias on this subject and know nothing about globalisation . 
  sure this small village produces enough corn to ship it around the world . 
   so they test it ... 
  but they do n't test it for toxins ? 
  unknown toxins . 
  you know if you want to analyze a complex sample you have to have some kind of idea what kind of stuff you are searching for . 
  you are only being an ass now . 
  still i 'll admit now that gmo 's have the same risk than naturally mutated organisms if used on a global scale . 
   in gmo 's the mutation only happens in the ones you want it to happen , e.g. 
  locally ... sure and then you sell and use it worldwide/globally/on the whole planet of earth / not-locally . 
  got it ? ... ... . 
   as well as this , new mutations are happening all the time ; since when is there impact being `` understood '' in the biosphere ? 
  well you go to a deserted island , see there are no plants , analyze the soil and find there is super mutated yeast killing every living thing on the island feasting on their remains . 
  then you analyze it further , and realize `` jeez , gladly we did n't add this plasmid to the yeast like we planned to do tomorrow '' . 
  this example could be exaggereated though . 
   as long as you are equally concerned about eating literally any other type of naturally occurring food , sure ; otherwise it 's illogical and baseless . 
  i think you do n't want to grasp the idea of locally and globally . 
  maybe this idea is dumb but to this point i think it 's an ok theory and you just fail to grasp the concept to prove me wrong which would be ok to me . 
  so my concept works like this : a mutation occurs naturally affecting some mo living on some corn in sout east asia . 
  it happens to produce toxic substances that we did n't know of . 
  now the corn only effects this small village and after some years we find out that all people that ate from this corn are sterile now . 
  the other scenario : a company called trigglesato produces the mo that happens to have the same genome like the mo in south east asia . 
  the crops grow wonderfully in the years of testing and all the farmers all over the world want my product . 
  i gladly ship it to them . 
  after some more years half of the world is sterile , dang . 
  apart from that thinking about the companies maybe one should also consider the socio-economic impact of the gmos like the indian farmers commiting suicide stuff . 
  but i would n't want to argue about this topic . 
  whatever forget about it ( except you are already writing right now ) thinking about it you are actually right , i guess . 
  gmo 's and naturally mutated organisms can be equally dangerous , if used by humans . 
  i pull back to the point that i think one should be really cautious with using unknown organisms and substances and there is reason for people to be concerned about them . 
   companies can lobby to express their opinions ( just like you and any ngo can do ... ) , but that 's it ; they do n't write any laws ... collin crouch ( i think ) wrote : expenses for lobbying are investions for companies and losses for ngo 's and private persons . 
  i never thought about it this way until i 've read post-democracy and found it to be a good perception . 
   so you 're agreeing with me then ? 
  sure it would be pointless to disagree in this point . 
   long time frame does n't make it impossible ... technically you are right , but practically it results in we ca n't since there 's no point in planning to selectively breed the yeast in approximately some thousands of years . 
   what does that have to do with anything ? 
  are laboratories bad ? 
  do they make things which are grown in them bad ? 
  no labs are n't bad . 
  just read the sentence to its end please . 
  the difference is : in the lab you put a plasmid in the mo , ferment it to prodce biomass , sell it and it is immediately spread across all world . 
  in nature the mutation occurs locally , somewhen some scientist finds this mutated thing and we will already have a better understanding of how it impacts the biosphere because it 's been in it for a while then . 
   the exact same thing is applicable to non-gmo products ... 
  it depends on the scenario , like i 've written in the text above . 
  if we find the mutation in our fermenter it will probably result in the same as gmo . 
   why are you finding this so hard to understand ? 
  look above . 
  i kind of think i know what kind of person you are . 
  i 'm doing an b.sc in chemistry and biotechnology and i know a lot of guys that talk about people opposed to `` chemicals '' and gmos in a very condescending way , like they are too dumb to be argued with . 
  it 's utterly annoying . 
  using new gmo 's and chemicals without knowing long term effects is potentially dangerous and it 's ok to be concerned . 
   that 's not how gmo 's and science work ... ah did n't know that thanks . 
  / s what i wanted to say is it 's not very likely that suddenly a mutation occurs that places a gene coding for the enzyme you want in your yeast or at least some yeast you know about . 
  you could say :  some things would just take longer than others . 
  but doing so i think we are talking about absolutely impractical timeframes so we could say it results in : `` you ca n't '' . 
   the dangers which you 're talking about are applicable to any new plant or animal species . 
  but mutated species are n't grown in laboratories , fermented , then sold to the whole world to be used on crops for example . 
  then later we find out that the gmo was n't actually that great . 
  the local mutation would not have the same impact . 
  i do n't think selective breeding can achieve verything that you can achieve in laboratories . 
  are you able to breed yeast capable of producing cellulases ? 
  i 'm not sure but i 'd guess you ca n't , at least not until some mutation occurs that magically makes it produce cellulases . 
  to new gmo 's there ca n't be any longtime studies because they only exist for a short time , i do n't think you should downplay the possible dangers of gmo 's in general .
