  funnily enough i had class at univeristy about romani , last friday , when discussing western point of view , it appears that people who actually write about romani seem to notice that their situation is so hard , not only , or even primarily because of racism , or their culture , but simply because economies of eastern europe are weak , and living there is actually hard for everyone . 
  living in the east may be hard but i think hrw takes this into account when it says roma are systematically discriminated ( forced evictions , seggregation in schools anti roma rhetoric and marches ) . 
  i think hrw can be trusted at least to the point of not making this up entirely . 
   as for energy - sure let 's hope that one day everything will be green . 
  no sarcasm here . 
  but this ca n't be done overnight and poland is way too dependant on coal . 
  and current regulations prevent us from closing old power plants and building new that would produce more electricity and less pollution . 
  coal is bad but far better than dependence on russia . 
  i favor gas over coal because of the lower co2 emissions , therefore i would not like to see new coal powerstations to be build but rather gaspowerstations . 
  politically it seems to make sense to favor coal to you although i do n't really get why poles are that afraid of russia . 
  i wish for germany to take lead in regenerative energies and the eu to subsidize them and regulate fossile fuels . 
   i see no dignity in austrian actions , only hypocrisy , they were crying the loudest about hungary and now are doing practically the same and even refuse to use the word '' fence '' . 
  also hungarian fence is at least on the outer border of the eu . 
  austrian one is on the internal one . 
  i mean austria treats refugees better than hungary does , so the refugees dignity is not harmed . 
   but trust me it is not privileged stratum of society that will suffer the consequences of refugee crisis i guess that 's most likely to happen , but maybe people will vote more to the left next time . 
  a man can dream . 
   they refuse registration , they throw away their passports . 
  we will get shipment of 10 000 people and then what ? 
  i really do n't know , people will always go where they think they have the best opportunities . 
  the only way to solve this would probably be to strengthen the economies of peripheral eu countries so that refugees do n't feel like they might be coming short in poland compared to refugees in germany , but that 's what the eu aims to do the whole time but ca n't get it done is n't it ? 
  germany not giving benefits would probably not even help it 's the strong economy that attracts more people i guess . 
   maybe it 's a bit too late to ask other countries who thought it was n't the best idea to just take the bullet . 
  you are right , i can understand the unwillingness to help . 
  especially thinking of the unwillingness of germany to help our southern partners much earlier and us referring to the dublin-treaty makes this look like hypocrisy . 
   if there is a disagreement it would more productive if big countries were n't accused of imperialistic tendencies , and smaller countries were n't bullied into `` agree or gtfo '' yeah you are right again but i just got fed up with people blaming germany for everything and accusing it to force other countries to anything . 
  but who can blame me if all you get on here is hatred . 
  sometime people want to backlash . 
   because it organizes witch hunt . 
  [ ... ] and there is not thinly veiled nazism there . 
  so roma are n't systematically discriminated like hrw ( and media i use in germany on a daily basis ) suggests ? 
  it also suggests that refugees are put behind bars with bad treatment as you can read [ here ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/10/30/dispatches-seeking-protection-behind-bars-hungary ) and [ here ] ( https://www.hrw.org/europe/central-asia/hungary ) . 
  also [ freedom of press ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2014/06/13/hungarys-insidious-media-clampdown ) seems to not be a big issue for orban . 
  even if these reports would be exaggerated the core of truth that would remain is still not that favorable to hungary . 
   you know why this is humanitarian crisis ? 
  because there are no easy solutions , no matter how heartbroken are we and how obviously unjust situation is . 
  we 'll agree in this point , but this does n't mean we should do nothing to help . 
  i think providing shelter for refugees while trying to solve the situation in syria followed with massive investments to offer these peoples possibilities would be a good choice . 
   germany unilaterally abolished dublin agreement , no matter how bad it was - paralyzing hungarians ability to act according to law . 
  hungarians tried to apply the law - refugee is supposed to be registered , and he will receive help . 
  they refused and camped train stations . 
  as far as i remember germany took the first refugees from hungary when the situation became unbearable for the country and the refugees . 
  the refugees did n't head for germany because it welcomed them in the first place but were already on their way when merkel took them in . 
   there were reports in media of people being thrown out their houses to make room for the refugees . 
  that 's barely the norm but not acceptable of course , hence we need social housing programs that we would have already needed for the native population before the crisis started , now i hope the politicians ca n't look away any more . 
   we ca n't help them all , we our heart may be bleeding but we ca n't . 
  we are far away from this , we ( especially germany ) are incredibly priviledged and can afford to help people in need . 
  as a union we could help even more . 
   no matter what solution will be applied , nobody will be truly happy . 
  this is true but we can try our best to keep as many people from suffering as we can , just doing nothing is cynical . 
   also you seem to conveniently omit the fact that germany would like more workers . 
  another legend on what germany wants . 
  first of we have minimum wage , refugees ca n't be used as cheap labors if there is no exception for them ( and there are politicians that want refugees to be excluded from minimum wage ) . 
  secondly refugees are n't allowed to work the first nine months after they are granted asylum iirc and yet many applications will be worked on not earlier than next years autumn . 
  and furthermore refugees that are granted asylum will not be allowed to work in a job that an equally skilled german citizen wants , that 's called `` vorrangregelung '' . 
   then let 's have common european stance on ukrainian crisis , and energy . 
  also baltic countries and belarus exist too . 
  maybe even consider other , more stable gas sources ? 
  and maybe a bit more sane coal policy ? 
  maybe a bit more of regenerative energy would be even better , i would n't want to invest more in coal . 
  regarding belarus and baltics i do n't really have a stance to that . 
  on one hand i 'm inclined to say why bother paying them for transferring the gas if we can get it directly from russia , on the other hand that probably is n't that much money and these countries might need it more and would be possibly given more eu funding than they already get , i do n't know . 
  i ca n't see how it harms these countries other than not getting paid for transferring . 
   yeah i do n't know what austria think it 's doing . 
  fence on the internal eu border . 
  time to watch out for vienna art academy dropouts . 
  i probably do n't get what you try to tell me but a fence build by austria is as wrong as a fence elswhere . 
  maybe your point is tthere should be a `` witch hunt '' regarding austria because it does the same as hungary , but that 's not the case , austria seems to be handling the refugees with more dignity than hungary , at least i have n't heared anything bad . 
   but you are preaching from your high castle thinking you can just bash everything east of oder , ah why oh why does n't everybody just agree with us . 
  what their have their own problems and interests too ? 
  those particularists !, 
  as i already said many times i bash people that talk about `` big bad germany forcing the fourth reich on us '' . 
  tell me exactly how this behaviour is ok please . 
  germany does n't force anybody to do anything . 
  if there are eu regulations even mighty poland has to obey them and not because of germany but because of a majority of countries . 
  it does n't matter what countries screw up the most since we 'll all be suffering the consequences pretty fast in todays globalized world, 
   where exactly did i said anything about polish media ? 
  they tend to be garbage too . 
  more often than not then why blame germany for its media ? 
   nord streams , are a prime example of germany being unwilling to work with its eastern neighbours on common energy security policy . 
  they prefer to appease their companies and let them have deals with gazprom that not only hurt economy of other baltic countries , but also look really awful politics wise . 
  yes it concurs the idea of diversifying our energy-sources and gives russia more leverage . 
  on the other hand i can understand arguments that this supply will be more steady than those coming here from the ukraine . 
   germany suddenly came to realization that saying `` refugees welcome '' does not solve anything . 
  hungarys approach solves the refugee problem ? 
  it 's not solved when people are out of our sight but miserable in front of our fences . 
  germany did the right thing , i fully support this and hope for our politicians to finally start acting to speed up the process of being granted asylum , begin social housing programs etc. 
   current escalation of the problem proves that germany and sweden does not have good idea how to deal with the crisis , and they tried to jeopardize border countries efforts on containing the problem . 
  as i said , building fences is not really an acceptable approach to solve the problem as it does n't . 
   and if you expect us to speak in one voice with you , take gazproms dick out of your face , and do n't even think about saying `` crimea is russian , deal with it '' . 
  yeah without nord stream 2 all would be happy . 
  it 's nothing more than a convenient reason for you to rant ( in a pretty crude way , you might want to change tone ) . 
  polish media is the holy grail of objectiveness , got it . 
  sorry i do n't know how germany fucks you over exactly please elaborate . 
  and germany asks for help , poland does not want to . 
  now where exactly at what point is germany using force ? 
  furthermore it 's not poland that is supposed to take one for the team but the whole union is asked ( not forced ! ), 
  how does nrw help exactly ? 
  i say if there are rules you have to accept that the majority was in favor of them . 
  constantly crying about how big bad germany forces stuff upon you ( which is not true ) makes me wish for those countries that always complain ( but still like to get eu money ) to leave the eu .
