  of course ideologies like nazism , radical islamism are bad , but only as long as people are drawn to it . 
  so we have to question why are people drawn to it . 
  what exactly is the question ? 
   the problem is that some actually do study the religion profoundly and try to follow the rules , europe also would n't be a happy place if christians would try to follow what is written in the bible , even in the new testament . 
   it 's the same as islam but without the violence i do n't think this is true , just google for violent phrases in the new testament my point is : everyone generalizes muslims , but there are many different ways to interpret the quran and adding to that people can cherry pick what suits them best . 
  the more wealthy a society the less religious it is ( i think ) , when people turn to religion in europe where most people do n't avtually care for it it is a sign to me that these people are n't able to take part in our society and share our wealth even though they , as europeans , should be able to . 
  condemning all people based on the actions of few wo n't turn the situation to the better , contrary to that it will only drive moderates to radicals . 
   if you consider everything in your daily environment to be discrimination this is not what i 'm talking about , i 'm talking about a situation where every third company would n't hire a woman with a headscarf . 
  and everyone can differentiate between gizem \u00d6zturk and mario rossi for example . 
   i find it really weird that people discriminate against people that blow themselves up but do n't discriminate against people who work hard and keep to themselves , do n't you ? 
  so you can understand that people like you and me , educated adults ( probably ) , are n't able to make a difference between individuals that blow themselves up and millions of muslims ? 
  sorry i have to repeat the millions of muslims all the time because you seem to not understand . 
  how many blew themselves up in europe recently ? 
  ten to twenty maybe ? 
  and how many muslims live in europe ? 
  some millions , yet you think all the muslims are lazy assholes that deserve to be discriminated against ? 
   the world is filled of poor people who are uneducated , but only the ones who follow islam go shoot people or blow themselves up to go to heaven . 
  still many of the disadvantaged people attack and kill others only they do n't want to die , too , does n't make them better people , does it ? 
   so if you want to call whole europe nazis then i wo n't debate you where did i imply that ? 
  you are the one not able to differentiate . 
  i say there are other violent people than muslims and there is no justification for both but reasons why they act and those are complex . 
   not all muslims study their religion profoundly and not all muslims follow the religion to the letter , just like every religious person in the world , they pick and choose and sometimes completely ignore rules so what is the problem here ? 
  believes are n't bound to a region . 
  not really a good quote to prove i think islam does n't contribute to attacks , i said this to prove europe is their home, 
  i agree that there are too migrants in short time , this way integration ca n't work and i would be more happy with legal ways of controlled immigration . 
   because we invited them to live in these ghetto 's . 
  i do n't think anyone intendet that . 
  most politicians thought they would leave after some time , obviously they did n't make any efforts to integrate the people . 
  quote me on where i say that sorts of islam are not contributing to the attacks . 
  i did n't mean to say that , but i say it 's not the only reason of the attacks , if it would be there 'd be millions of people blowing themselves up . 
  i know that , it 's not the only reason to be radicalized but the easiest to grasp . 
  some see that muslims are being bombed in the me for whatever reason and feel like they have to fight against this injustice by horrible means , others find other reasons . 
  still most people become criminal because of the social economic backgrounds i 'd guess . 
  and yes this society most likely gives them most chances , but muslims are discriminated against on a regular basis and they realize that non-muslims or ethnic europeans have it a lot easier for no other reason than the color of their skin . 
  if this discrimination begins early on it can be hard to get through school and university and finally find a job . 
  the families and muslim-communities are n't always helpful too . 
  there are problems on both sides , the muslims themselves but also the european society . 
  we could change one side immediately and respect muslims as equals , this would already be one step on the way to living peacefully next to another . 
   you ca n't seem to understand that people are pissed off that strangers are killing them for no reason first nsu murder was in 2000 , i ca n't find information about a terror attack this could be the response too . 
  you try to find reasons why attacks on muslims are justified while you do n't bother to find the reasons of muslim attacks . 
   i 'm saying if there was no attacks muslims would n't be attacked . 
  and you are calling me naive ? 
   plus stop crying for muslim persecution in europe it 's bullshit they have as much rights as anyone and they live very comfortably , sadly muslims are n't equal to everyone , just take a look at this sub . 
  muslims and other minorities face racism on a regular basis , studies come to the conclusion that every third company would n't hire women with a headscarf . 
  you are able to find tons of studies like that that show minorities are not equal , just look for yourself . 
  they have the same rights on paper but are discriminated against nonetheless . 
  and i 'm talking about germany , most places in europe are n't even that friendly to muslims . 
  good point , now you convinced me . 
  if the molenbeek people were christians or atheists they would probably burn refugee shelters , cheer the flames and try to interrupt the firefighters . 
  the more radicalized people would build bombs and place them in front of kebab shops . 
  all of that is happening in germany , crimes and murder commited by non-muslims . 
  stop trying to blame it all on religion , millions prove you wrong , the reasons of radicalization are more complex, 
  they were born and raised here and it 's probably the first time they see the me when they go there to fight or train after they have been radicalized in europe . 
  the only thing that ties them to the me is t , hat their parents or even grand parents came from there . 
  millions of muslims live peacefully here . 
  most who do n't are/feel disadvantaged and left behind by the society which results in them being prone to radicalization . 
  it 's not european culture they are radicalized by but islam , that is out of question , but you have to ask yourself why it 's even possible to radicalize them . 
  saying they are radicals because they are muslims is way too easy . 
   but in reality in christianity you would have it harder to radicalize christians into killing and dying for god that is probably because most people do n't take their believes seriously here in europe . 
  in central africa christian militias are hunting for muslims . 
  radicalization is most likely where people are less educated , excluded or segregated from society and are disadvantaged . 
  this mostly applies to muslims in europe . 
  the problem is not that much religion but the social economic situation of the people . 
  thinking like that : christianity did n't origin here too , so what . 
  people are free to follow whatever religion they want to in europe . 
  if islam would be the cause we would n't have millions of friendly muslims . 
  their home is europe , yes i also think they radicalized here, 
  the terrorists have been home grown , they were born and raised here . 
  i 'm just guessing . 
  people not willing to die for some lines drawn on a map are n't cowards though, 
  maybe you ca n't find moderates because they are not willing to die ? 
  i would n't want to fight either and rather go to europe . 
  but if i would believe in religion dying would n't seem that bad though . 
  because usually articles have an author that is n't necessarily anonymous . 
  when a guy wants to blow himself up he usually does n't announce it . 
  you should probably sit down and think about the stuff you want to post for some minutes before you actually do because that should be obvious . 
  haha i totally forgot about arthur . 
  tried picking french up too . 
  sadly i 'm too much of a lazy asshole, 
  agreed , the best way to trash the afd is to point out what their political program looks like . 
  oh i did n't know that , sounded to me like only afd voters have been asked . 
  but you are right i guess ( [ looking at earlier results ] ( http://www.forschungsgruppe.de/wahlen/grafiken_zu_aktuellen_wahlen/wahlen_2014/thueringen_2014/afd_1.pdf ) ) . 
  maybe zdf forgot to mention it or i was n't paying attention that moment . 
  apparently only 15 % of the afd 's voters voted it for their political ideas 75 % voted them as a wake up call for the government . 
  this feeds my hopes that the afd will never be able to implement some of their ideas . 
  after reading the text i do n't feel like i would now have some arguments on why culture matters . 
  all i know is most countries do n't spend much money to preserve it . 
  getting 500 $ to spend it on books sounds awesome though, 
  what do you mean by saying that ? 
  it already has 200 dogs and the guys want the dog to be part of a family i 'd guess, 
  because they were too much in favor of the bundestag ? 
  sorry it sounds like blood and clay to me . 
   maybe if you realized that your country would never have had cologne ya think ? 
  maybe if people realized humans are equal no matter of their genetic heritage and country of origin there would n't have been a holocaust . 
  even glorious european white superhumans can be shtheads who would have known ? 
  there are more than a million refugees here , i would n't judge all of them based on some thousand guys groping girls on nye . 
   because when i think of central asians occupying eastern rome i definitely think `` that 's europe . 
  you believe turks are occupying anatolia to this day ? 
  that 's some serious backwards thinking, 
   that they run a public station also prevents them antagonizing the government do you really think so ?
