  looking at the sub they succeeded . 
  and i 'm sick pf people like you , i for one do n't want to lose the freedom of open borders because of some losers going nuts in paris . 
  how can you people not see that the terrorists are achieving their goals seeing what a big impact they can have on our society ? 
  we should hold on to our way of life and not let it be dictated by terrorists , and europe is actually a great dream that you guys are hurting be it consciously or unconciously . 
  just look at the people on the route , i 'm sure you are able to find them yourself . 
  i 'm sure there are houses and heating in syria too , but in case you have n't noticed many people do n't have a home anymore . 
  you may ask daesh to stop the atrocities while we are integrating the refugees already here . 
  otherwise there will be more refugees coming our way and if we do n't let them in they will remain somewhere on the route with sandals in winter ... 
  in my opinion arte is one of the few tv channels actually worth watching . 
  nice , thanks !, 
  dumb question , what does v4 stand for ? 
  i mean the 4 apparently stands for the number of nations but v ? 
  apparently there are many aks on the blackmarket coming from the balkans as relicts of the yugoslavian war, 
  i think i read that the chechen leader would like to go in . 
  but putin seems to not want that . 
  i 'm honestly no expert in matters of israel , but that 's not what i get out of the news . 
  israel is lierally building walls between jews and muslims , continous to settle on foreign ground , bombs gaza to hell and leaves it in rubble . 
  there 's not much good to hear in the news and you can see that hatred grows on on both sides . 
  i ca n't see people staying united from here in germany , and i do n't want this to happen here, 
  same applies to germany with around 3k deadly accidents 2014 the situation in france will probably be similar . 
  do n't see why we should adopt israeli politics when you can see it only promotes the division of jews and muslims and that 's the major cause of terror since many terrorists are homegrown in milieus with high unemployement . 
  and the division of the society in france is already high , to further it will nourish terrorism . 
  was n't there a rise in violence lately ? 
  instead of bombs they run people over or stab them , settlers burning houses of muslims ( well we got that here in germany too ) and so on . 
  does n't look that appealing to me, 
  they did n't say the terrorist was not hiding in the refugees , they said he wanted the authorities to be able to exactly reconstruct his way to paris to make people avoid muslims and refugees even more and push them into radicalization and the is . 
  german media says it was nothing , but looking at the footage you can see that the terrorists accomplished to bring terror under the people . 
  that 's not what i experienced when i got to know muslims . 
  i do n't hatte muslims . 
  the circle can be stopped if we would get to know another . 
  i see mostly eastern european flairs in xenophobic comments and there are like no muslims there compared to the west . 
  same with germany , the west has had many muslims for years now and is less xenophobic than the east ( former ddr ) . 
  there would be less hate when people would get to know each other . 
  i would n't , there 's no point in further destruction of syria but will only push more people to extremism . 
  but even if we would wa n't to the german army is n't capable of doing more than intelligence work i guess . 
  the only way i would support it would be to safeguard the rebuilding process and for humanitarian aid with boots in the ground but no more further bombing and leaving the people behind in destruction . 
  there will always be these guys with racist tendencies and it seems like 's the majority on this sub . 
  maybe you should n't bother with these guys and surround yourself with people accepting you . 
  i came to the conclusion that the racists are just the loudest , that 's why they seem to be so many , yet i do n't know any racist personally or met them in real life . 
  which would be ok to do so because individuals commited the shootings , not a whole religious group . 
  there should n't be collective punishment in civilized countries you know, 
   why are these people not taking up arms and defending them and their families against these savages ? 
  because they do n't want to die fighting a hopeless fight ? 
  i would n't have much hope for things to turn into the better in syria right now . 
  and it 's not like they are well equipped or even trained in combat , they 'll probably end up dead in a few weeks , i 'd come to europe too if i was in their place . 
  then lock yourself in at home so you wo n't get hurt but do n't limit the freedom of the society because you are frightened or even xenophobic . 
  looking at the usa should make you realize what you really do n't want to become . 
  and now compare the living conditions in norway and jordan, 
  and what 's wrong with this statement ? 
   we 're all one race human race and why exactly do you think syrians ca n't work and pay taxes like you , little snowflake ? 
  by your logic noone could ever live in poland that was n't born there , but there 's a high possibility that there are people that would like to come to poland that could achieve way more for poland than you will . 
  i hope sanders will be elected , but does he even have a real chance ? 
  i actually have a refugee shelter in my neighbourhood and it 's fine , no need to be afraid of it . 
  and how do you know i 'm doing nothing myself ? 
  is taking in refugees the only possible way of helping ? 
  and no , the majority of the people are welcoming to refugees in germany , you frightened pegida guys are not the people . 
   it would change things for him . 
  do n't be so dishonest as to suggest it would n't . 
  as i said i actually live near a shelter for 150 refugees and nothing bad happened . 
  i come by there twice a day while going for a walk with my dog and they either do n't take notice of me or greet me nicely , not different to my follow citizens . 
  yesterday there were three kids that wanted to pet my dog and it was quite funny because we could n't really understand each other . 
  i honestly do n't know what he should be afraid of , i can only guess he has n't had contact with refugees yet . 
   not to mention his wages will be lowered since there is a lot more competition for low skilled labor now . 
  there 's minimum wage in germany which is a lot compared to other countries , not that much to germans though because of higher living-costs but still ok . not a single german citizen has to be afraid of starving . 
  and refugees ca n't take a job if tre is an equally skilled german that wants this job , that 's the law . 
  furthermore refugees ca n't work for three month after they applied for asylum , and refugees trying to apply for asylum now often ca n't do so until the mid of the next year . 
  and honestly , if an unskilled stranger who ca n't speak german is able to take away your job you should think about what actually qualifies you for the job . 
   like you seem to agree , you two both want to help . 
  you just are willing to help more . 
  there are people that are even willing to help more than you . 
  what makes your specific threshold of how much to help the correct one ? 
  i actually do n't think the op wants to help but you said he did so i really do n't know why you measure with two scales and call me the hypocrite . 
  the correct approach to the crisis would be to help as many people as we can in need with justifiable effort . 
  not letting anyone in is no effort at all and not justifiable in my opinion , but you are right , there 's no instance that could say what 's the right effort . 
   other ways to help could be funding camps outside the eu . 
  being more selective and taking less people into the eu . 
  working towards diplomatic solution towards the source of the problem and not insisting on immediate regime change . 
  like funding camps in jordan , that 's a great perspective for the people . 
  not . 
  diplomatic solution for syria or eritrea ? 
  good luck with that . 
  there is no short - or mid-term solution to the crisis and we have to calculate that the refugees will stay here . 
   lastly , i do n't think anyone has a responsibility to provide a future for some unknown quantity of people . 
  trying to do so is just suicide . 
  there are billions of people on the planet that do n't really have a future . 
  so you want to take all of them too ? 
  its not realistic , resources are finite and domestic public opinion matters . 
  why does a german count more than a syrian ? 
  borders are manmade and unjust . 
  as you said ressources are finite , and we in europe and the western world think most of that belongs to us , why exactly ? 
  there 's no reason to justify exploitation of others just because they are not european other than thinking we are the superior race and it 's our right to take what 's ours . 
  that 's not the way i think . 
  of course we ca n't help everyone by taking them in , but there are estimated 60mio on the run , that 's not the whole world . 
  and it would be much less if we would n't exploit the weaker people of the world . 
  and yes my way of thinking is utopian but that 's the only way to get closer to a just world in peace . 
   you want to help immigrants , but you do n't want them in your home . 
  the op also said he wants to help but he does n't want a center next to his house . 
  we both want to help , but the op is n't even comfortable with a shelter next to his house , which would change nothing for him actually , and i have to take in refugees in my home , which would change my way of life significantely ? 
  so now i 'm the hypocrite ? 
  how is that ?
