  i really have no serious answer to what would be best . 
  but i feel like assad is not the best choice , he is said to be bombing his own people and using toxic gases , wether true or not there are many refugees here in germany escaping assad-controlled territories to avoid conscription . 
  i also feel like a kurdish state could be part of a solution ( but will be prevented by turkey ), 
  `` muslims or some other primitive people '' so you think muslims are primitive ? 
  or are there primitve people amongst muslims like there are amongst christians or atheists ? 
  i think muslims in need of help have the right to be sheltered like everyone else and i think we in europe should value all people the same , obviously this is n't the case especially in the east . 
  i do n't know how hard it is to find these people based on videos but i do know the police is searching country-wide for them , that is because the people involved in the brawl are n't necessarily there anymore but scattered around in germany , or maybe not even in germany anymore . 
  so i guess it 's kinda hard but as i said i do n't know , maybe the police just does n't want to look racist ? 
  `` and i am sorry when you are fleeing from a war zone and still attack people because of their religion or origin . 
  you are just fleeing from bombs and not from your own religious superiority . 
  these kind of people do not flee from isis . '', 
  signed , but please be sure you are punishing the right people not a collective . 
  but what will the possible ending of the war look like ? 
  assad will remain in power , does n't seem to good of an ending to me . 
  the us led alliance does n't seem to be able to put an end to the war eventually and even if it could i 'm not sure if this would be a better ending anyways, 
  you are free to go to the police with a list of 100 names their offences and evidence and i 'm sure the police will look into this  what would you do though ? 
  deport every man who was in the facility at this time ? 
  `` this is not the country you can do something like this . '', 
  is this the country you can punish people collectively though ? 
  it 's not up to me to decide who should be punished and how severe . 
  i have no insight in what happened there , if there were cameras , witnesses etc. 
  what do you expect me to say ? 
  i say punish the offenders that 's it . 
  after the brawl in suhl there were the first arrests made six weeks after the incident . 
  we need the already existing rules to be applied , not hard rules for refugees who have to be treated like every other individual in front of the law . 
  what is the eu called in your country ? 
  it 's a union or `` gemeinschaft '' in mine which sounds like we deal with problems together according to our values . 
  it 's true germany did n't act like this in the last years , that was n't my fault though i 'm no politician , i would have loved germany to show solidarity with southern europe in both the refugee crisis ( italy already called for help 2011 ) and the financial crisis but i was n't asked . 
  you are polish , a very christian country , i 'm not religious at all but does n't jesus teach to love the people , if you are catholic you might believe in the pope as the head of church , he called on europes catholics to take in refugess too . 
  why do n't you want to do that though ? 
  yes sure prosecute the people involved and punish them according to the law , i did n't say we should suspend law in any way . 
  i do say : no collective punishment , there were individual people involved that need to be punished but there were also individual people not involved that need to be left in peace . 
  i also stated i understand tensions between the refugees given these conditions though . 
  how far people are willing to take a conflict is different individually . 
  i meant it in another way , like maybe someone points this out like saying : `` you already wrote this here and there , do n't spam us with your leftist shit '' but i have to diasgree , we do n't only import hate we have plenty of hate in our own society , look at the burnings refugee shelters , pegida , legida , beaten up refugees etc. 
  hell even canada warns people about east germany and gangs beating up people looking like foreigners . 
  hate can only be beaten being understanding and reaching out in my opinion . 
  what ? 
  did n't the text say : `` the chaos started at lunchtime sunday when a 19-year-old albanian cut in the food line '' , well after that the people grouped up together according to their country of origin which is not that odd actually since people tend to group up with familiar people . 
  `` who actually want to live in germany and who want to be part of our culture . '', 
  well they do want to live here but they ca n't , that 's the whole point , they are sitting in tents for months waiting !, 
  since you talk about our culture you might want to read this : http://www.hna.de/lokales/hofgeismar/calden-ort74694/syrer-berichtet-ueber-leben-fluechtlingslager-calden-5575258.html or that : http://www.deutschlandfunk.de/kassel-calden-dasein-ohne-anzukommen.1769.de.html?dram:article_id=332657 because i guess you can read german . 
  i wo n't defend a big brawl where people are possibly severely inured but i can imagine what things might have lead to this . 
  that would be great !, 
  we could just stop fucking up other countries in order to increase our wealth , maybe there would be less refugees . 
  i mean if i follow the arguments of most of the redditors here the refugees are economical refugees anyways , so if we would just sop fucking up other peoples economies we might have no refugee crisis . 
  or what reality are you talking about ? 
  oh , come on . 
  these people live with strangers in tents for months , not-so-good hygienic conditions , nothing to do all day long and you want them to be quietly grateful sitting in their tents all day ? 
  are you delusional ? 
  i find it hard to understand that people here on reddit lack of empathy so much . 
  if i would be living in a tent with strangers around me , no privacy no clean sanitary installations , standing in line for one and a half houres to get food and nothing to do all day i might become angry too . 
  maybe one day i could n't hold in my anger anymore , maybe i will release it towards one of the strangers cutting me in line , i can totally understand this . 
  there are certainly individuals in whatever numbers that will hate on jews and christians , this may be explainable by these living conditions to a degree but reveal a dangerous mindset of curse , but this is not the majority . 
  even muslims have only one life to live and when they are sitting for months in tents not even knowing if they will be able to stay the will become frustrated , i know i would . 
  many come here with high hopes and highly motivated to shape their future the best they can and now we let them become resignated in these camps because it takes 5,3 months average to find out wether they will be granted asylum or not . 
  if we do n't improve our effort ( i.e. 
  our politicians ) we will get problems and these are based on our own failure to a not so small degree . 
  ( i basically said the same in another reddit here in r/europe already , do n't hate on me ), 
  this is most likely true in the first days/weeks . 
  but after a while people will start to think what 's next and what their future brings . 
  so when you are in germany for months , not sure yet if you are even allowed to stay you ca n't make plans for the future , furthermore you are sharing your room with several other people , it 's narrow , probably loud and you have no privacy ( that even applies kids and women ) you start to become angry , i can totally understand this being a person that really needs a lot of lonetime . 
  most people are probably able to hold their anger in for a long time , but eventually it will build up too big to hold in and small things like someone cutting in line will make you explode . 
  regarding muslims threatening christians and jews the argument of bad living conditions might apply to a degree too , but the threats reveal a dangerous mindset of course . 
  `` people whose lives are saved do not act like this at all , and endlessly thank the volunteers and workers who help them . '', 
  you expect them to live gratefully forever in tents ? 
  who do you call naive ? 
  they surely are thankful , you can see that in the news , but even muslims have just one life to live and will start thinking what their future will look like and they want to shape it the best they can . 
  that 's why most people come to germany because they think they have the best opportunities to live their one life . 
  i wo n't blame them for that . 
  germany ca n't take in all refugees of course and every eu member should take its fair share , but right now germany is economically incredibly strong ( we have the wealth , it not finding a way to the people is a problem of redistribution ) and can handle the refugees if there is the political will to . 
  in my opinion we can make politics either based on utopia or dystopia and i will choose utopia over it . 
  maybe we fail but we have a historic chance on our hands and i hope we do n't let the refugees down for they will resignate and we will have real problems . 
  i do n't think this is the general experience of female activists helping refugees like right on arrival at the train station . 
  of course there will be people that do n't share our values from the beginning ( maybe not ever ) , maybe the percentage of these people is higher among muslims than among people of other religious groups but if i 'd had to guess it 's not that common . 
  what frightenes me the most are the horrible conditions these people have to endure while waiting for our german authorities trying to decide about wether or not the people will be given asylum . 
  if the people would have more space and maybe would n't have to wait approximately 5,3 months for their asylum there would be less tension . 
  it 's sad because i believe there is much to gain for us , both economically and socially , when highly motivated people hoping for a better life come to germany . 
  months of waiting , unacceptable living conditions have the potential to kill the spirit and make integration much harder . 
  of course there may be some `` economic '' refugees but that has to be decided individually when reviewing the application for asylum . 
  people have the right to be sheltered when their individual safety is in danger , and coming from syria it does n't occure too far fetched to me that these people are running from war . 
  i did n't even have to read the article , the headline states : `` japan says it must look after its own before allowing in syrian refugees '' your welcome . 
  refugees are n't migrants , you do n't necessarily take refugees in because they will enrich your economy , society or whatever but because they have the right to be sheltered . 
  i 'm not even mad , thats amazing and this law is a law for the people that are desperately in need of a place to stay , it 's not exclusively for refugees . 
  many cities lack of cheap flats and there are many flats unoccupied , that 's unjust as the mnister also states in the article . 
  and with that many refugees we have to make sure to easen tensions that might occure when the people are competing against another in search for cheap space to live . 
  when did we ever seriously try to help the world ? 
  european countries are among the top weapon exporters of the world , european fisher empty the fishinggrounds in front of africa leaving nothing to live from behind , european agricultural products are subsidized to be cheaper in africa than homemade products . 
  ( plus landgrabbing , gmo crops and so on ) western coalitions bomb countries back to the stone age and there is no serious attempt in helping to rebuild ... 
  i seriously ask you to tell me how we are saving the world right now or ever were ? 
  there may be some financial aid for development countries but as long as we still do the things i mentionned before it 's not meant to be seriously helping . 
   but every german i meet seems to consider a masters very important i think that might be because of the dual education system . 
  with a bachelors degree you are somewhere between a guy with apprentionship ( dual education system ) and a guy with a masters degree . 
  you do n't know enough for doing what a guy with a masters degree can because you are somewhere on the level of a guy with an apprenticeship but he already has experience in the industry and is therefore considered the better option . 
  maybe bullying should be addressed more and we should think about how it can be avoided . 
  instead de maizier thinks violent videogames are the key to why people go out shooting others . . 
  `` act only according to that maxim whereby you can , at the same time , will that it should become a universal law . `` silvio berlusconi, 
  since when is it to be expected todays germans dont care about humanrights ? 
  at least we did n't copy the cheer of the people from iceland . 
  shame on the french people .
