  and what ways to help are there , that could actually offer the refugees a future ? 
  it 's not like the luftwaffe would n't have problems with modern planes too . 
  like the eurofighter , a400m has problems too or is at least delayed in handing over and our marine choppers are n't suitable for marine-operations . 
  we should just abandon our forces and use the money otherwise ( not that i would shed many tears ), 
   that will add up to billions and that money wo n't be spent on the needy people already in europe . 
  there was plenty of time for our governments to help the needy people in europe before the refugee-crisis , yet there are still many of needy people among us . 
  it 's not like it would be great for them all of the sudden if there were no refugees at all . 
  please blame the governments for that , not people that are escaping war-zones . 
   not only is there the financial burden but many european countries already have issues with lack of housing , this will only make the situation worse and there 's also the societal cohesion issues to deal with . 
  that 's right and is , again , a problem of our politicians , here in germany living-space in the bigger cities was already short before the masses of refugees came , yet there was no plan on promoting social-living-spaces by our government . 
  now the government has to act , and i hope for the best . 
   you 're advocating for something for which the negative consequences will primarily effect other people , that is very selfish especially when this crisis could be dealt with in a much less divisive and costly way . 
  how are some german citizens more affected than the other ones ? 
  or do you mean in europe ? 
  that would be true because germany is more capable of handling larger masses of refugees than croatia for example , that 's why i 'd like to see a fair distribution of refugees according to the number of citizens and the economical strenght , so that we all help to the same degree . 
  i actually have a refugee shelter and social living-space in my neighbourhood , so it 's ten points to me or what ? 
  and the guy i referred my first comment to said he was n't asked if he even wanted more refugees from the me , implying he does n't want them . 
  this makes the whole thing a question of principle to me , if we discuss taking any me refugees at all . 
  he 's concerned by the government taking the refugees in and about his way of life that might be lowered , but it 's not like he on his own has to take care of a refugee family or just one guy but we as the society do so . 
  that means the actual impact on his way of life will be rather low . 
  and people that are not willing to accept minor decreases in their way of life in change for millions of better lifes are kind of disgusting to me . 
  yea , because african countries are known for the prosperous democracy , they probably vote for corrupt presidents because they want to be exploited , right ? 
  it 's not the peoples fault that are abused . 
  well i guess you are one of the guys that says the woman asked for the raping because of the short skirt, 
  i do n't remember referring to syrians especially , did i ? 
  i 'm more like referring to africans that come to europe , since european corporations like to fish their seas empty and grab african land , or european subsidized agricultural products being thrown on the african market is a big thing for africans that now ca n't provide for there families anymore . 
  but i guess the german farmer is more in need than the african one . 
  i know right ? 
  but you seem to not get it right though , what 's your problem exactly ? 
  am i wrong saying that 700mio europeans can pay a fraction of there income as taxes so the governments can provide for shelter without us having to worsen our way of life significantely ? 
  i am willing to help , but i never demanded that people should take in refugees into their own homes and provide for them . 
  i demand that we all as europeans could easily provide for millions of people in need , giving a fraction of our income . 
  that means we pay taxes like always and the governments provide for the refugees --  everyone is safe and happy without even having to provide refugees shelter in your own home . 
  you do realise that 's not what i 'm demanding ? 
  i 'm not demanding people should take in refugees into their own homes , but i say we all together can pay our share for some refugees to be sheltered . 
  ( and i say some because even millions of refugees are only a fraction to 700 million europeans ), 
  i do n't , because i ca n't afford to help millions , but 700mio europeans together can help millions of peoople in need . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  noone is forcing anyone to take in refugees in there own homes , but together we can afford to provide homes . 
  i do n't , because i ca n't afford to help millions , but 700mio europeans together can help millions of peoople in need . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  noone is forcing anyone to take in refugees in there own homes , but together we can afford to provide homes . 
  i know another way to help : stop exploiting people in other countries , but hey this would mean we had to compromise our way of life , that 's impossible ... 
  tell that to the people in need : `` sorry i ca n't help you , my extremely good life might be compromised if i help you a bit . `` and you dont have a problem with profiting from what is happening in the world , right ? 
  you guys are the best , willling to help but only as long as your own comfy life is snt influenced , if it will be conpromised you.d rather see kids beibg slaughtered . 
  sorry for the bad writing , my gernan phone thinks it has to correct every ebnlish word ... 
  there 's no mention of 4/5 of germans that want the borders to be closed though . 
  i 'm concearned with the situation of refugees in germany too , but the people 's reasons might differ and the studies do n't give answers to why the people are afraid and what they wish would change ( closing borders , promotion of social living-spaces , better conditions for the refugees etc. ), 
  i do n't need to make my life more complex than it already is . 
  if someone cheers to racists and is not disgusted by people that call refugees scum or viehzeug , he 's sure as hell a racist to me . 
  regarding the muslims part , my neighbour is not cheering for terrorists , there 's not a single reason to brand him a extremists emphasizer unlike the peguda guys, 
  i 'm referring to the study ... 
  closing borders is n't the same as border controls though , the next graphic even shows that the mood of the population towards refugees is still the same as it was at the beginning of this year . 
  nobody is silenced , but you are responsible for what you say , and if you spread racist ideas people are right to call you a racist . 
  what polls are you referring to and where did you get the 4/5 of germans from ? 
  although i think that there are many people that are not d'accord with merkels politics i do n't want to believe the majority of germans are pro-pegida all of the sudden . 
  if they walk , talk and think like nazis , they are nazis . 
  if you are afraid of the high number of refugees and think we might not be able to handle it it 's one thing , but if you go to pegida and listen to nationalist speakers it 's a whole other thing . 
  show me a way to fight against anything that 's happening in politics . 
  all you can do is vote and protest is n't it ? 
  you are free to do both to steer germany in your desired direction , but do n't shout `` we are the people '' when you clearly are n't , npd and afd did get ~ 6 % of the votes last bundestagswahl , you are not the people . 
  ( well next election will look different i guess but we 'll have to see ), 
  people that walk with nazis and applaude to their speakers are righteousley called nazis . 
  yep syrian laws of physics suck balls , our german natural laws are much better !!, 
  i can only speak for germany , of course it 's great that germany takes in that many refugees and you can see the refugees are thankful , but waiting approximately 5 months sitting in overcrowded tents until you even know if you 'll be granted asylum may harm integration do n't you think ? 
  often refugees complain about being looked down on by officials lacking empathy , they are called scum by rallies right outside their shelter , all these things harm integration and can be avoided by us . 
  some things have to change on the side of the refugees too but it would already largely enhance the chance of successful integration if we fix what 's wrong on our end . 
  how exactly ? 
  do they force you to not have children anymore ? 
  all this white genocide thing is bullshit . 
  i consider refugees our future fellow citizens since i believe most of them wo n't be leaving germany to go back to their countries of origin . 
  that means the refugees will probably be my neighbours and coworkers and i feel like this is enriching the society as a whole but that can only be the case if they are eager to integrate and we have the opportunity on our hands to welcome them . 
  i mean we have the choice to either welcome them or to abandonand not integrate them . 
  the last would provide an unpleasent future in my opinion but the first a better future . 
   if you want to come to the europe you must apply for the asylum in the closest safe country this would be a solution but it 's not possible for refugees to request asylum in germany in another country than germany itself at the moment is it ? 
  what else would you call someone judging people based on their religion or ethnicity ? 
  if you do n't you have to accept that there are individual people that commit crimes and others that obey them . 
  just like there are assholes and saints in the native population . 
  i do n't know about the commitment of sweden regarding integration . 
  but reading the comments here on reddit i can only imagine how much hatred and rejection refugees face all over in europe , and i think it 's sad how much capital we gamble away . 
  often the threat is n't imminent or relates only on the one person ( there are many syrians that try to escape conscription in the assad regime , i think women are n't affected by this ) . 
  or the family is safe for the moment in jordan or turkey . 
  i know many people say they are already safe in turkey or jordan but as i stated there are tons of different reasons to go alone . 
  smugglers scamming refugees is a problem that could be avoided if refugees would have a chance to already file for asylum in greece for example and would be distributed from there on to all eu members ( or maybe at least the ones that want to contribute in it and not only exploit it ), 
  what do you think is the reason there are no kids or women in this video ? 
  it 's not a secret that young men make up to 2/3 of all asylum seekers , often the reason is that families ca n't afford to travel together so they choose one to seek asylum and he 's supposed to bring over his family once he 's granted asylum . 
  you would n't send a pregnant woman or your elderly parents on this dangerous journey alone i guess . 
  i would n't . 
  it 's not a secret either that some muslim men do n't think of women as equals , the same as you probably do n't think of muslims as equals but both points of view can be changed . 
  integration would significantly reduce criminality , but for that we would have to speed up the procedure of granting asylum and we would have to actually offer perspectives for these people , if we leave them alone in misery then criminality will rise ofc . 
  no you 're right iraqi people do n't have to fear for their lifes ... what info is your link supposed to provide regarding your statement though ? 
  well i 'm from the human-rights-apply-to-all-people-regardless-of-religion-faction , to say muslims lifes do n't matter at all is a pretty tough thing to say ... 
  you are from the all-muslims-are-the-same-faction , got it , no point in wasting more time . 
  the only thing germany is lacking of is the political will to actually take this problem on . 
  germany extremely strong economically but i guess merkel is still waiting to see where the wind blows to turn her flag to . 
  ( if you know what i mean , i tried to roughly translate a german saying ), 
  not really , do you mind to elaborate ? 
  `` you prefer a libyan ending ? 
  dispose of assad , leave the country without central government carved up into a handful of pieces all ruled by some radical factions ? 
  for all we know , if they dispose of assad , they might still be fighting in 20 years , and perhaps even forcing to draw different borders , endangering the frail balance in the m-e at large . '',
