  erm i do n't know , maybe with being innovative and an important trading partner ? 
  yes . 
  now that i think about it this would be much better . 
  your approach kind of feels like `` hey we want to play the game with you guys , if you do n't let us we will kick you in the nuts !!!, 
  if there are eu rules there must have been more than one country in favor of them . 
  of course germany advocates what serves its interests but if it ca n't convince others of the idea it ca n't dictate much can it ? 
  and you want to change that with tanks , fighter jets and warships ? 
  oh god just leave the eu already please . 
  germany ca n't `` dictate `` anything by itself . 
  if you consider eu rules as tyranny just go on your own way . 
  yes but people that are not satisfied with how things are going are far more likely to rant than satisfied people are to praise the situation . 
  kind of like the [ netpromoterscoremodel ] ( http://blog.marketizator.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/nps-en.jpg ) that describes the behaviour of customers . 
  i often come by the refugee center when i go for a walk with my dog and the refugees , especially the younger ones , seem to be very amazed by the fact that there are so many dogs here in germany . 
  sometimes they ask if they can pet it but my dog is still kind of young and very carefull when being approached by persons she does n't know and scared the kids away last time . 
  and i can confirm that the refugees i have met yet seem to be nice , although i never had a real conversation with them . 
  i think that growing racism is something to be worried about too , but yet i ca n't say that i feel it growing here where i live . 
  the only places where i can really feel racism growing is the internet and watching the news . 
  and this is why i 'm somewhat confident that these racists are just the loudest so that they appear to be many in numbers but in reality they are a minority ( at least in germany , seeing many other european countries voting for rightwing-parties makes me more worried ) . 
   i 've never had any negative reaction or opinion from the people i talked to about the refugee situation , especially here in dresden . 
  me too , but i can say the same about the people here in nrw . 
  maybe this has a lot to do with who you are surrounding yourself with and is pretty subjective . 
  objectively though there are bigger racist tendencies in the eastgerman population than there are in the west . 
  there is no pegida here shouting `` wir sind das pack '' . 
  about 20 % of the german population lives in the east but the east makes up for about 50 % of the crimes that are motivated by racism in germany . 
  as far as i know the npd is only able to get into the landtag in the east and studies suggest eastgermans by far are more hostile to foreigners than westgermans . 
  and yes i 've got this information from the media ( though from different sources ) that i trust as a whole , unlike those `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' - pegidashitheads . 
   people are nice and really want to help , many schools in dresden forming classes at the moment for fulltime german lessons , around 35hours a week . 
  these kinds of people exist here too , as i said i do n't think the whole population is racist , we have those guys too , but there are more racist tendencies in the east . 
   it 's actually really sad to see how you get affected by social media/television reports that the east german population is full of `` nazis '' . 
  i 'm not . 
  the people most worried about the refugees probably have never even seen one . 
  there are about 150 refugees living in an old school in my town here and i do n't see any reason not to feel safe . 
  i would feel less safe if i would be living in eastgermany with that many concerned citizens around me . 
  some may turn home , others will stay in germany , but not in that particular town . 
  i guess it 's fair to argue like that . 
  i like to say that refugees rioting are cases of individuals of course this should apply the other way too . 
  they are not supposed to settle there , no reason to be worried about ghettos . 
  things are still slow here i know , that 's why there are `` erstaufnahmeeinrichtungen '' like there will be in elmpt . 
  it 's just a place for refugees to stay while waiting for the process of becoming approved asylants ( ? ), 
  is finished . 
  well maybe not nazis , but more than concerned citizens , looking at the video footage we might be able to agree on savages . 
  1500 refugees in a town of 27k people ( not really a small country town ) , not being willing to handle this is pretty weak in my opinion . 
  in my region a town called elmpt with a population of 5000 people will take in 2500 refugees and in november 800 went on the streets to express that these people are welcome there . 
  but we got these nazis too in the east though . 
  i 'd do this when i 'm bored to provoke people with an opposite opinion to start a discussion with me . 
  i would say that nsu is more recent than raf . 
  and don ' forget the then candidat now mayor of cologne that got her throat cut open in public for her parties engagement for refugees iirc, 
  how is that ? 
   pc would claim we are racist for even knowing or discussing the fact that 70 % ( to borrow your hypothetical number ) of muslims are extremist . 
  i would n't call that pc , and i do n't think politicians over here , that many people would call pc i guess , would argue like that , they 'd probably point out the situation of the potential extremists ( often poor people with few opportunities in life ) which would nourish all kinds of extremism , be it religious or right wing . 
  and if that is political correctness i am in favor of this over the `` 70 % extremists ... all muslims are criminals ... keep them all out `` argumentation that i think most people that talk about how bad pc is would agree to . 
   a person who says that there is no relationship between the culture of a group of people , and the problems confronting that group 's children , is lying . 
  but that is what pc has said ... 
  i would say you have to judge the individual by itself and not by the cultural group he seems to be belonging to . 
  that 's what i miss in the discusions about muslims , people judge groups of people not individuals , that has to be crititised . 
  i got downvoted to , who cares it 's reddit after all, 
  national sozialistischer untergrund , there are far more attacks of nazis on immigrants than of immigrants on the native population , at least in that quality . 
  i 'm glad about political correctness , it prevents not guilty people of being harassed from people that `` are n't racist but look at the facts `` . 
  because even if 70 % of muslims were extremists you would still treat the other 30 % that are millions of people wrong if you base your political decisions on `` most muslims are extremists we should keep them all out of our country etc `` pc does n't prevent critical conversations it allows a more differntiated discussion . 
  it 's quite the opposite , pople that call opinions to be political correct try to make their argumentation void instead of responding to the arguments . 
  that there is a great potential of becoming extremistic in some of our muslim communities is not even closed mouthed . 
  no it 's sad that few people are able to change the way we look at millions of people . 
  terrorists win . 
  al qaieda was blowing up shiite mosques in iraq rather than the us because they intended to divide shias and sunni in iraq leading to a new government of shias making no attempt to include sunni in politics . 
  the excluded sunnis that were not represented in politics turned to the extremists in the end that claimed to be their guardians . 
  now daesh claims to protect true muslims from the evil west . 
  do n't tell me this does n't sound attractive to muslims that feel excluded here in europe because we have many people joining daesh . 
  regarding same opportunities , there was a study shown in german media some weeks ago that sec . 
  gen. migrants are less likely to find a place to learn a profession than non migrants with the same level of education . 
  i guess so, 
  of course daesh profits from muslims that are excluded in our society since they will be more likely to become radicalized seeing they are not given real opportunities here . 
  daesh wants muslims to be seggregated so they can present themselves as their guardians, 
  yes , it 's sad that few people are able to change the way we think about millions . 
  seggregation will only make the terrorists stronger . 
  you really overestimate the amount of turkish people in germany because of your subjective experiences , of course you only hear turkish speaking people if you stay in areas that are dominated by turks , but if you visit chinatown in nyc would you say the us is crowded with chinese people ? 
  and yes you can live without speaking german but you ca n't really achieve anything besides owning you own small shop and you certainly wo n't be having a career without speaking german . 
  there 's certainly no `` turkish city '' here . 
  regarding \u00d6zoguz , i did n't know her but in 2 minutes you can find statements of her regarding turkey 's politics that are not that positive , so she seems to have decent opinions that do n't alarm me . 
  there 's actually only one popular bundestagmember that i know of who is turkish and he is not a friend of what turkey has become . 
  ( cem \u00d6zdemir ) after a little research there seem to be about 10 . 
  there 's no turkish minister as far as i know . 
  i do n't know one single turkish city in germany actually but if i get you right you want to imply some day turkish people will rule in germany due to high birth rates , right ? 
  that would only be frightening if they would be as backwards thinking as the politicians that run turkey right now . 
  [ population of nigeria compared to turkey , france , germany and the uk ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_pop_totl&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:deu:fra:tur:grc:gbr&amp;ifdim=region&amp;ind=false#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=sp_pop_totl&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:deu:fra:tur:grc:gbr:nga&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=de&amp;dl=de&amp;ind=false ) i do n't know what your point is . 
  i got it wrong and was too eager to give my two cents to wait and read your other comments , sorry . 
  free market capitalism only widens the gap between poor and rich , you need to have the government to redistribute the wealth . 
  and innovation can also come if companies are regulated , because they will have to adapt to the new situation . 
  free markets are an idealistic model , in reality regulation by government is badly needed . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i remember the situation like this : refugees are coming to europe , are stuck in hungary under terrible condition , merkel then says `` ok orban let them cross , the situation is unbearable `` this was considered an invitation and as the beginning of the crisis but the crisis was actually already there . 
  not the fault of germany or any european country that people have to be on the run from the is , germany just tries to stick to the values of humanitarianism , which others would rather not to , but many germany still back the decision . 
  eventually we ca n't take them all in but now we pay turkey to handle it . 
  is flooding europe with muslims is only beneficial to them if we exclude muslims from our society , do n't grant them the same chances and they get radicalized . 
  if we do n't they are lost to the is . 
  i do n't get the appeasers part , i consider myself as a leftist and am not in favor of borders but i do n't blame the people that have been shot . 
  what do you expect greece to do when refugees come by boat , possibly sinking it in sight of the coast guard ? 
  you could have either let them drown or take them in because turkey would n't take them back . 
  we 'll see what happens now that there 's the deal with turkey . 
  i do n't really see who you could blame . 
  they want to destroy our way of life , they said they did the shooting at a perverted party . 
  they want us to close the borders because they do n't like to see the muslims running from them ( who they want to either kill or convert ) and they want us europeans to exclude muslims , because that 's what nourishs extremism .
