  maybe these idiotic nazis do n't know how to fill out the voting ballots ? 
  it 's as stable as a country can be in which armed militias were able to take over kundus a city with a population of ~ 125k , only about 4 months ago . 
  yep , it 's a safe place for sure ... 
  still pegida is relatively small , about 2k yesterday and regulary about 10k in dresden maybe ( ? ), 
  the majority of the people seems to be fairly ok , so there 's nothing you can really do but wait for the next elecitons if you are against what is happening . 
  because of a few thousand people merkel wo n't step down . 
  the government has more legitimacy than violent crowds shouting we are the people . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm answering the question why there have n't been watercannons on nye . 
  to me it 's obvious that crimes are n't announced to the police beforehand and that 's why the police probably did n't think of watercannons on nye , but they have already doubled the number of men ( and women ) if i remember correctly because of possible terror threats . 
  now the pegida protest was announced to the police beforehand and the police then took measures to dissolve the protest if it may become violent . 
  that 's why there have been waterconnons yesterday . 
  considering there were hooligans among the protesters that last year trashed cologne because the police was not prepared it 's pretty obvious why there have been watercannons . 
  how on earth can these thoughts not cross your mind ? 
  so you expected that about 1000 guys would throw firecrackers in the crowd and shoot at people with rockets and after that would assault women in small crowds ? 
  i think it 's understandable that this was not expected . 
  i ca n't recall watercannons have been used on nye before and that there are a large number of people partying is not special to 2015 . 
  pegida does n't represent german people , there were two other protests , one aimed as a counterprotest to pegida with little less people . 
  you should realize that these protests were planned , so the police was able to prepare , espeecially after nye they were probably better prepared than usually . 
  do you think the criminals announced to the police what they were planning to do on nye ? 
  furthermore watercannons would have hit the victims too . 
  there 's no civil right to protest violently , people are throwing bottles and explosives ( these nye thingies called `` b\u00f6ller '' , probably illegal ones that are more dangerous though ), 
  i got it from this [ article ] ( http://www.dw.com/de/kommentar-seine-tr%c3%a4nen-sind-eine-starke-waffe/a-18962374 ) , it 's written in german though . 
  according to this [ website ] ( http://www.gunviolencearchive.org/ ) the number of deaths should be about 30 . 
  still not imagineable in germany . 
   what 's even more bullshit with any figures concerning `` gun deaths '' is that the vast majority of gun deaths are suicides . 
  did they die by gun or did they not ? 
  the figure 90 is bs but if you die because of a projectile fired from a gun it should be ok to call it gun deaths should n't it ? 
  maybe often it is suicide but just recently a guy took his family with himself when he commited suicide . 
  [ 5.1.16 ] ( http://www.tri-cityherald.com/news/local/crime/article49306705.html ) concluding : the number 90 was very far fetched , still there 's an incredible number of gun related deaths in the us . 
  i just read today that there are almost as many deaths by gun as there are deaths in traffic , around ~ ~ 90 ~ ~ 30 deaths a day . 
  i ca n't imagine this in europe . 
  edit : the figure 90 is bullshit , it should be around 30 , look at my answer to tawsix . 
  and every dead innocent will grow us more jihadis . 
  they supposedly got their information from friendly security services , probably french ones according to dw.de . 
  not for france . 
   i really doubt i 'm going to seeing those hijabi women wearing cute dirndl any time in the future . 
  i never did wear this sort of clothing too . 
   i think they just want to live in a rich country , that is it . 
  they do n't want to go the pub and sing german volk songs never did that , am i a bad german now ? 
  they can wear their hijabs all the time if they want all they have to do is respect the law and most of the muslims here can do that , why should n't the new ones be able to do this ? 
  what does this symbol : '' ? '', 
  stand for in your cultural context ? 
  yes i ask you , why should n't he make proposals on how to shape the eu ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you are implying that he should focus on financial/national topics with your comment . 
  as far as i know there 's just the case of a member being attacked that would make all members oblieged to rush to aid it . 
  iraq , lybia , syria in all these cases it was the us that wanted to intervene and yet people are afraid of germany and france gaining too much control over a military alliance ? 
  he 's a politician of a eu member-country , why should n't he make proposals of how to shape the eu ? 
  probably because he 's german right ? 
  that 's actually a good point . 
  if we want them to embrace western values we should let them get a taste of it . 
  not doing so only fuels anti-western ressentiment and turkey will never modernize . 
  on the other hand i really was never in favor of turkey joining and hungary or poland now do n't seem to really embrace these values too but are part of the union . 
  i guess it would be better to first strengthen the eu and break down the inequalities between the eu members . 
  the federal states , if they are called that way in english here we just call them `` l\u00e4nder `` ( bavaria , saxony . . ) can decide on their own if they want to give out money or goods ( sachleistungen ) and most states prefer money because providing all the people with the goods they need right now is highly bureaucratic and costly, 
  of course this does n't fit the people 's racist agenda . 
  is it wrong english or do you have other complaints ? 
  you can retire with 60-62 if you want but there 'll be pension cuts . 
  with no cuts retirement is possible with 63 for people born earlier than 1951 and people born after 1964 have to work until they are 65 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bpb.de/politik/innenpolitik/rentenpolitik/142648/vorgezogene-altersrenten-und-abschlaege )  when i had my internship in the machining sector , all the heads of machining shops and those with responsibilities had passed their 70th birthday and worked just like before . 
  you are n't forced to retire in germany either . 
  i was referring to retire with no pension cuts . 
  if you do n't care about your pension you can retire with 20 if you like to do so . 
   in my quarter german is a language that you hear seldomly on the streets . 
  good for you , but do n't you think your living conditions are n't necessarily representative of germany as a whole ? 
  if there are many foreigners in your quarter they might be talking to one another in a different language , that does n't mean they do n't integrate or do n't want to . 
  in germany recently some people were able to retire with 63 but most have to work until 65 i think , but i 'm too lazy to check facts that you could have checked allready . 
  so we have been misled by dunaduni ? 
  well turkey should n't be the one to talk either since there are many hints it supported daesh . 
  still all people should be able to discuss these things here since most of us do n't have the possibilities to change our countries policies . 
   let 's be honest , changing politics to address a new situation is hardly letting the terrorists win . 
  there 's a difference between going into a total police state and stretching intelligence agencies and border crossing to reduce the change of people slipping through the cracks . 
  i think it is letting terrorists win because few extremists are the reason for new rules and regulations , that have been rejected by most people before , now become legal . 
   uk is holding a referendum and they might vote to leave . 
  the referendum was planned even before the crisis . 
  the daesh 's territory is shrinking , being able to stir up european politics with just a hand full of guys is the only victory they can utilize in propaganda right now and we allow that to happen . 
  now politicians can force regulations on their population that have been rejected by them for a long time just because of a few extremists , i think that sucks . 
  they were also complaining about being harassed by their turkish counterparts even though they were there because turkey asked for it and not because germany forced it on them . 
  well germany is the new big bad guy in europe . 
  why does the nurse slap the newborn pole on the back two times ? 
  - once so that it starts to breath and the second time so that it lets go of the nurse 's watch . 
  well its a formality then . 
  it 's against the rules but does no harm , contrary to what other eu members want to imply . 
  sorry , you 'll have to find other ways to blame germany for the national failure of your country . 
  i would like to see that . 
  but this ca n't happen over night , maybe one could start with forming smaller unions that aim to integrate and form federations with shared governance . 
  the countries in these small unions should be economically comparable . 
  like a nordic union , benelux , central european , southern european which are all connected in a tradingzone . 
  the integration process could start with abandoning national armed forces and build common ones , or a common currency that would work better than the euro because the economies are similar . 
  after these smaller unions are unified they could build small unions again based on their economies and the process begins again until whole europe is unified . 
  to unify the smaller unions would be much easier since they are more likely to share common interests and have similar political views . 
  the weaker countries may be able to catch up together with the help of a weaker currency . 
  that sounds good to me . 
  the trade surplus with the eurozone is very much in [ balance ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/raoulruparel/files/2015/07/de-monthly-trade-upd.jpg ) . 
  so i can not see how germanys trade surplus is supposed to lead to imbalances in europe . 
   eh looks like the situation is a bit emotional on both sides . 
  no germany does not try to build another reich , but it does n't mean that eastern countries should be happy when germany agrees with russia over our heads . 
  deal is simple - everybody wants something , and sometimes if you deny , you will be denied . 
  agreed . 
   orban is a dick , romani situation is hard , but there are a lot sensationalized pieces in media .
