  i did that and it cost me 60 $ and my motherboard now has problems with overclocking , something they were not able to diagnose and i have attributed it to shitty soldering job . 
  at the end of the day you might be left with a defect motherboard , despite replacing the socket . 
  best of luck . 
  the marker . 
  because i do n't really like people all that much . 
  do you use your blinker ( turn signal ) ? 
  the better/newer the car , the less likely they are to use turn signals . 
  then you 're okay and we all love you . 
  the universe of malazan : book of the fallen . 
  it 's really extensive and interesting and simply amazing , how many wonderful things you can find in the countless warrens and worlds and whatnot . 
  so how do we know when stuff goes with what we 're wearing ? 
  for example : light coloured jeans-black t-shirt and dc `` skater '' shoes ( the most durable of the bunch ) . 
  it looks okay to me , but i suspect i look like a hobo to the outside world . 
  because it tries to do more things than you want it to do . 
  but the sun or the elephants were n't made by humans . 
  language was , if you do n't include animals communicating into your definition of language . 
  assassin 's creed 3 . 
  the game that was n't even meant to be hard , but it was still infuriating . 
  ( warning : moderate spoilers ahead in the post ) . 
  the goddamn movement ai left me in tears ; first haytam decides to stand in front of a wall idly , while a bunch of guys are about to detect him and then , after me pleading with him for a second or two , he jumps over the wall off of a fucking cliff . 
  another one that had my panties in a big bunch was the ship mission with connor , the one where you have to blow up 2 ships , without getting detected and you had to air assassinate a grenadier . 
  no matter how i timed the air assassination , a couple of over-zealous , x-ray visioned , super hearing motherfuckers would see me . 
  through 2 masts , a bunch of barrels and an assortment of other supplies , those two bastards would turn around and came for my ass with extreme prejudice . 
  to top that off , when i finally blew up both ships , was n't detected and air assassinated the fat bastard , i went to climb the main mast , right ? 
  and just before the top , where i had to hang the flag , connor decided to jump off the mast , get his stupid fucking feet clipped on the crow 's nest and proceed to dive down into the deck . 
  his face absorbed most of the impact and i desynchronized . 
  thank shit , i had the optionals done by then , because guess what : the enemies respawned . 
  the last , but not least , misadventure of connor that had me throwing my personal belongings into old people , was at a mission , where you had to bring in a lieutenant or something to interrogate him . 
  he escapes , you have to chase him , blah blah . 
  the optional there was that you had to air tackle him . 
  as in be on a height greater than his and ram his dumb ass into the cobbled street . 
  here 's the pickle : connor just was n't up for it . 
  he assassinated people , tackled people , ran into poles and stopped , at one point he even viciously murdered a dog ; but he ultimately would not air tackle the damn target . 
  after countless attempts i was a skinny little ball of molten fury and i had to give up on that one to keep my sanity . 
  all in all , after screaming at the two assassins , reminding them what worthless bastards they were being to me and probably making every neighbor think that i 'm deranged , i was left with the bullshit ending and a profound feeling of emptiness inside . 
  only one questing left in my mind back then : `` what the hell am i doing with my life '' . 
  it 's relatively new , but i 'd go with bastion . 
  everyone needs to play that at least once . 
  time warner 's probably thought train : google makes competition , we do n't budge from our prices , google takes over , we prolong our death , to milk our customers as much as possible before filing bankruptcy , paying out the ceos large bonuses , firing employees and moving to bahamas . 
  they could n't give a fuck about the customer , that much is obvious . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  at least in europe , horse meat is highly valued , it 's really good , but expensive ( which is why we do n't eat it all the time ) . 
  what 's got us panicking is that we do n't know the origins of the meat . 
  i 'm speculating , but i 'm pretty sure that the stuff they mixed into beef was not horse bred for consumption , but rather the racing horses . 
  the ones pumped with all kinds of shit , from steroids to antibiotics , including [ phenylbutazone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phenylbutazone ) which can be quite dangerous for humans . 
  granted the horse meat is dissolved in other meat and it wo n't kill you , but it sure as shit not going to help you live longer . 
  not bad . 
  the site the article linked to indeed did put my disk to work and started filling it up . 
  albeit slowly , but noticeably . 
  be mindful when you browse until this this is fixed . 
  holy crap . 
  and i thought we had it bad . 
  goddamn snow plows , eh ? 
  but at the end of the day , if a bomb lands next to you , you wo n't be able to do anything about it , so why would you get upset over a bomb at all ? 
  start with the simple solutions before peeing on the ram and throwing it away . 
  my sister had a similar problem and we solved it with plugging it out of power for a few hours . 
  it 's a long shot , but sometimes shit is just fucked up and needs to `` rest '' . 
  the second thing is a virus/trojan check . 
  it 's almost never the problem but it 's still a marginal possibility and easier to fix/diagnose than shitty ram . 
  if it 's none of that and you did n't find any coherent information in event viewer ( i would be shocked if you had ) you can try checking ram for bad sectors using memtest . 
  note that if memtest finds errors , it could mean your ram is screwed or it could mean it 's in a screwed up slot , so the last resort before buying new ram would be swapping it around slots a little/changing the configuration from single channel to dual channel . 
  the panda could have used suppressive fire , to merely scare the waiter and it would fit the joke . 
  nobody had to die in that joke , op . 
  nobody had to die . 
  you 're a historian . 
  you know it happened before and it will happen again . 
  then there will be an new era of enlightenment , the people will revolt and reform things for the better and then the system will rot again and the cycle will begin anew . 
  it 's so goddamn pointless . 
  a very elaborate scam indeed . 
  the stable sent a guy to ambush the tourists , they rent a horse for 90 pounds , they go back to the stables , where they inform them it 's counterfeit , they give it back for free , since the stable wo n't buy a counterfeit horse for 90 quid and then they leave . 
  it 's low risk if you have a good spotter for tourists . 
  a bit risky if you run into a connected fella , that can sell or give away the horse to some relatives nearby . 
  i always use [ mimovrste.si ] ( http://www.mimovrste.si ) , they have most components you 'd ever need and they 're reliable on their delivery and they keep you informed on the status of your order . 
  whatever you choose , do consider the cost of delivery . 
  it can set you back significantly , if you 're ordering heavy items and they 're delivered by mail . 
  of course it has to be tentacles . 
  good god xd, 
  so fruit = good genital taste ? 
  i heard that women taste better if they eat pineapple . 
  or is it overall diet that needs to be healthy and not junk food ? 
  what are we seeing here ? 
  small dick syndrome or something ? 
  the left lane was completely empty and the guy could have easily moved . 
  but he did n't ... why ? 
  to assert his dominance or something ? 
  there is n't a single valid reason for him to block that lane . 
  it 's amazing how he 's laughing it off , commentating and calculating his moves at the same time . 
  for comparison : i can barely walk while talking . 
  is this an antijoke or am i too dumb to get it ? 
   you obviously do not understand how the road works . 
  save it . 
  `` the guy '' i was referring to was the jackass blocking the fast lane . 
  and yes i understand how roads work and yes i fucking know it 's stupid to pass on the wrong side , which was my whole goddamn point , if you bothered to read . 
  cause it splashes and it 's fun . 
  unless you drown . 
  maybe the differantiation of unix server contributes too . 
  you ca n't even know how kernel is written for each individual server , while windows servers all have the same kernel , so it 's harder to write a virus that can target all or even most of them . 
  the trick with linux graphics driver is old video cards . 
  i have an hd4850 and much to my surprise it works perfectly on linux , even with multiple monitors with different resolutions , two desktops etc. 
  perhaps the older generation of graphics cards ( 6000 series ) have similar advantage .
