jesus christ , they 're begging for a riot are n't they ? 
  it would solve all their problems apparently . 
  all props to the protesters for not totally flipping out yet . 
  where do i download her ? 
  you liked steve jobs ? 
  `` an os that dominated the market '' is why . 
  apparently monopols are frowned upon . 
  and maybe because ie was an extremely shitty piece of software at the time and people were raging against it hard enough for eu to take action and bring light to the less computer savvy . 
  apple on the other hand does not dominate the market and the whole point of their os is extensive limiting of user control . 
  take that away and you have an os that 's the same as windows . 
  depends of the definition of natural . 
  if the definition is `` found in nature '' , then it 's natural . 
  besides , anal sex ( gay or straight intercourse ) is quite fun . 
  or so i heard . 
  being a virgin sucks . 
  they do n't want the pitbulls to get adopted ? 
  americans : please please do n't elect him !, 
  maybe it 's a base for the elder scrolls mmorpg ... 
  `` we evolved from apes '' makes me cringe :p humans and apes have a common ancestor , we never evolved from them . 
  as per intelligent animals , they are starting to use their intelligence . 
  if you watch documentaries about apes , you 'll see they can use tools and have similar thought patterns as small human children do . 
  it does n't stop at apes either . 
  every domesticated animal i 've seen so far has displayed some measure of understanding of the workings on the farm . 
  the mare knows she does n't have to eat the crap on the pasture , because she gets food when she 's brought in . 
  dogs can learn tons of things , guess your mood and act accordingly , cats can do similar , if they fell like it and pigs can basically open barred doors . 
  birds though are pretty stupid . 
  and i have seen little evidence of any type of feeling or thought from cold blooded animals . 
  why we do n't have more species that thrive on intelligence ? 
  my guess is that the smart animals are still very good at surviving without it , whereas the early humans were quite weak and probably facing extinction and adapted accordingly . 
  we got more than we bargained for , though :d, 
  well judging by the chickens and similar poultry i 'd say they are . 
  maybe that 's just with the domesticated species . 
  ms security essentials will block your programs and allow malware to run free . 
  thank you for confirming what i 've been whining about for years . 
  because apple fanboys say so . 
  my experiences . 
  inexplicably it has blocked a game from accessing the net , without querying me about it . 
  or really saying anything , or giving me any choice but to install comodo again . 
  maybe it does n't completely let run malware free , but i wo n't completely count on any av out there especially after reading some of the comments on this thread . 
  dude come on , `` some eastern european med school prep area '' ? 
  we do n't throw research material into a rusty bathtub . 
  give us a tiny bit more credit please . 
  and that 's why piracy is still alive . 
  shit is just too expensive . 
  i 've a haf x and some random thermaltake psu and the cables are more than capable of reaching everything , even when routed from behind the mobo . 
  i think you should be fine . 
  i 'd say stab a bitch , but that would probably get you in trouble . 
  first i thought x is the best , untill he said that it is n't , then i imagined something similar to the final solution and dismissed it as stupid . 
  turns out i was right and failed to get a point in this exam by doubting myself . 
  scumbag brain always doing this to me ... 
  and you just read this again in his excited voice . 
  the swiss have spoken !, 
  they have spoken !, 
  / thread . 
  he 's not being agressive , he 's not trying to convert you , he just stated that he 's a christian and asked a few simple questions . 
  and even apologized if he offended you . 
  i think people on atheism are a little too apprehensive towards christians . 
  they 're not all bad , you know . 
  and if someone needs a belief to keep them from crashing and burning , you should not try to take that away , since that may push them into manic depression , which i think you should not aim at as a decent human being . 
  ( i know you did n't do that in this post , i 'm just speaking generally . ), 
  using ie6 should be illegal . 
  of course i do n't , you know all about me , after all . 
  do n't you ? 
  and from your comments i know that you 're an intolerant , hipocritical bigot moron , who simply wants to spew his bullshit al over anyone who disagrees with him . 
  you say christians do n't have the right to believe what they believe . 
  they say that you 're going to hell because you do n't believe what they believe . 
  see the difference ? 
  me neither . 
  you wan na be the victim by saying they hurt your poor self with their beliefs . 
  really ? 
  even the ones that clearly do n't want to impose their beliefs on you and simply want to coexist ? 
  sort of like the christians who want to think they 're being prosecuted . 
  and me , being the smartest person alive , deducte from your comments , that you want every christian and theist , since you 're clearly an atheist , to stop believeing , because it 's hurting you again . 
  so basically you want to convert them . 
  sort of like saying `` you 're not going to churc this sunday ! '', 
  see the difference between them enforcing your beliefs and you enforcing yours ? 
  me neither . 
  in conclusion , you 're still an intolerant , hipocritical bigot and you 're a disgrace to atheism and free thinking . 
  and i do n't know anything about manic depression ? 
  i live it , you egocentric fuck . 
  would you recommend any liquid cooling starter kits ? 
  ones with everything in them for the beginners . 
  performance mx and the g700 both have corded charging . 
  meaning , that when you 're out of power you can plug in the cable and it 's charging , while you still use the mouse . 
  no battery swaps requiered . 
  to me this would be preferable to your idea . 
  that 's it ? 
  well damn . 
  got any speculations on price drops for sandy bridge ? 
  usually when a new family of processors comes out the pricing on the old ones drops . 
  yeah , but i was gon na upgrade my deskop with one and if it does n't have any performance jumps , i can only hope it 'll lower the pricing on the current i7s . 
  let us hope then , 
  this , ladies and gentlemen , is what the internet was made for !, 
  i bow to you , supreme programmer . 
  i ran skyrim on a dual core e7200@3800mhz on a 3 year old mid range graphics card . 
  that setup is more than adequate to run skyrim , just not on max settings . 
  and maybe you should look at some used hard drives on ebay , since the drives are excessively expensive these days . 
  then he would n't be a kelvin , he 'd be a zero . 
  pirate all the things !!!, 
  then encrypt the drive , so they ca n't prove you have it and say they 're falsifying isp data .
