  i would n't listen though . 
  can someone explain to me the physics behind this ? 
  it looks like they 're toppling . 
  i really think that 's not the mobility scooter mario kart . 
  does the newer variant also have more than 2 gears ? 
  note : if you really dislike the combat , try playing on hard ( for first and the second part ) . 
  makes it very challenging and interesting . 
  might also make you punch walls . 
  make it more challenging , so that no fight is boring . 
  the logic behind it is absolutely astonishing !, 
  it was at a funny angle . 
  [ reference . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsodsksdrmk ), 
  usb drives . 
  i do that when installing anything and i 've noticed that even if you uncheck it , some of the software is still going to be installed by dt , ignoring the checkbox . 
  oh well ... add/remove programs and you 're set . 
  he barely got a word in !, 
  and it 's amazing how well he did , just doing his own thing while those two were rambling away . 
  did you get recruited by the mafia yet ? 
  yes . 
  consequentially , you lose control over the vehicle , or rather ; you ca n't twitch and narrowly avoid the obstacle , because the car is sliding . 
  if your car does n't have abs , slamming the brakes and releasing to readjust your direction might save you from a crash . 
  yeah , but that 's just for us . 
  the rest of the world will receive the right outcomes . 
  right ? 
  the worst thing is if you get used to people not indicating and you start to gauge whether they 're angling for the exit or not . 
  gauge incorrectly and you can cause a crash . 
  the dominant one is on the mouse . 
  i think i 'd answer with `` because you have n't pissed me off too much yet . '', 
  you no like ? 
  look at that wall . 
  the one on your left . 
  do you like how it looks ? 
  would you like an extra hole or two in it ? 
  if not , then you probably do n't want me to rant . 
  although i 'll admit i might not be the average in this issue , because i 'm insane/dumb . 
  yes . 
  in some cases it works as pussy adhesive . 
  so it 's exactly like before , when top comment was `` shut up '' , which was a reply to some nonsense . 
  youtube comments have been the cancer of the internet since their conception , they just mutated a bit now . 
  yeah , you can . 
  at least if your e-book is a pdf , you can definetly highlight and bookmark . 
  and you can choose the page you want the reader to go on ( if that 's what you meant by fast flipping ) . 
  if you e-book is of a format that does n't allow those , you could convert it to pdf . 
  rly ? 
  edit : googled it , [ it 's either or . 
  ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/giraffe ), 
  makes sense to at least know their names so that you can type them into google when you need a conversion . 
  why would you be talking about sexuality ... 
  if you do n't want to talk about sexuality ? 
  i mean that is the theme of the conversation , so what else do you expect ? 
  i know you 're being sarcastic , but the way you phrased the question is ridiculous . 
  you do n't need me to tell you what you should ask , i 'm just saying do n't be surprised if on the topic of sex you get questions that involve ... well sex . 
  whether you answer those question is always up to you and depends of how intimate you want the conversation to get , but the questions are n't an attack on your integrity or gross objectification , they 're just a part of a friendly conversation . 
  note how i 'm assuming you 're discussing these with your friends . 
  i do n't think the same applies when talking to a stranger on a train and in that case , i advise you just do n't . 
  oh please , do elaborate . 
  * gets popcorn and stares eagerly *, 
  the wisdoms and the follies we bestow upon our children shall make them into iron or shatter them like glass . 
  or something in the middle , since extremes are n't always desireable . 
  `` proud chest puffed to the heaven holds nothing if we 're cutting past the muscle and the tendon . '', 
  - [ aesop rock , crows 1 ] ( http://rapgenius.com/aesop-rock-crows-1-lyrics ), 
  yeah , i did . 
  to be honest it 's probably been said before in one form or another . 
  i got steven erikson 's writing to thank , for the ominous quote making that 's going round my head lately . 
  sure . 
  yes . 
  because i 'm right and everyone else is wrong . 
  intersected ? 
  i agree with you . 
  giraffes really are dumb . 
  fucking long horses . 
  do n't you have to sign for your packages at all ? 
  they just ... 
  dump them there ? 
  because i do n't look for human contact , i do n't look for people . 
  i 'm way too cynical for my own good and scared to get fucked with and betrayed ( again ) . 
  i do n't give everyone a chance , i barely give anyone a chance , really . 
  when there 's people around me , that i do n't know very well , i do n't make spontaneous conversation , i do n't reveal much information about myself , since i believe it can all be used against me by anyone , except the few friends that i have , the few friends that i trust . 
  to sum it up , i 'm a coward , the kind that sits in the background at parties , quiet , waiting for it to end , so that i can go back to my non-existence . 
  although it makes me feel like shit , dumping all of this onto unsuspecting readers , it 's a little less weight on my shoulders now , so i thank you for reading and op for asking . 
  youtube . 
  that 's probably why he was like all `` oh it 's fiiine , we still have eachother ! '', 
  of course you 'd say that ya bastard , you did n't lose anything important !, 
  no correlation , the joke just implies that you get some shitload more errors when fixing one bug . 
  so many of my problems can be boiled down to one cause : me being a pussy . 
  how do i stop being a pussy ? 
  sure , the value of i will change later on , but at that point in time ( right after assigning 1 to it ) the value is 1 . 
  the value just is 1 . 
  when that line is wondering if the value is 1 , the value most definitely is 1 . 
  unless you halted the program ( or for whatever reason another thread did ) and went into memory and manually assigned the memory value to not 1 . 
  why would that happen ? 
  fuck knows . 
  the least you can and must do , is somehow log it . 
  console.write ( ex.description ) ; sometimes does the trick . 
  there has to be some feedback from the program , so that you can find the errors instead of just wondering why the hell this is not working , while it should be but it is n't but it should but it is n't ... 
  i 've eaten worse . 
  considering the pizza was cooked at more than 200 \u00b0 c , most of the viruses and the bacteria have died , so it does not pose much of a threat to my well being . 
  also consider oral sex . 
  many people do it a lot of time and yet there 's no rampant death from that .
