  approximately 2 minutes , paint was using only 17 % of processor , i am disappointed . 
  edit : photoshop took less than a second . 
  interesting . 
  tea . 
  it 's boiled water ( some of the chlorine evaporates ) , it 's flavoured , it goes good with honey ( we all know how good honey is and how good it is for you ) and it quenches your thirst ( unlike most sodas ) . 
  and by all that i mean fruit tea , which you can keep drinking and not die due to caffeine and it 's effects . 
  what is a porno buddy ? 
  do they serve anyone in this god forsaken bar of yours ? 
  i 'm not blind and i resent visual captchas . 
  `` solve this to prove you 're human '' ; well i 'm either not human or not a goddamn human being in the universe can read that mangled smear of crap you 're showing . 
  so the cocaine got absorbed only into the - got it . 
  interesting to say the least . 
  you can basically drop the whole lot of metro side and just use desktop . 
  but for some people that 's too difficult and win8 is a tablet/touchscreen os only !, 
  cthulu saves the world . 
  it 's a new ( ish ) , but old styled , rpg with lots of tongue-in-cheek humour . 
  would n't a viable solution be to dump the abuser , distance themselves from them and move on ? 
  maybe it 's not as simple as i make it sound ( and i honestly do n't know jack shit about it ) but it 's the only good exit i see there . 
  metric tonne ? 
  does it weigh that much ? 
  because that would mean 250 kg which is more like a motorbike . 
  tl ; dr : you confused the crap out of me . 
  i think the main disadvantage is missing rdc ( remote desktop ) , which is usually really handy , but you can use something like teamviewer for that . 
  bitlocker ( disk encryption ) can also be replaced by something like truecrypt or something similar . 
  if you 're not using any of that , you 're good by the looks of it . 
  maybe google win 8 pro vs win 8 full , if there 's any more in depth analysis out there , just to be sure . 
  considering disk prices have n't dropped yet , probably about the same time that hell freezes over . 
  they 're making more money now and they 're gon na want to keep making more money now . 
  dc shoes . 
  it took 3 years for the bottom to come off . 
  what 's the origin of that anyways ? 
  and then you pick your blade back up and walk into the night . 
  they 're out there . 
  waiting . 
  but they do n't expect you . 
  they never do . 
  and when you exert your judgement upon them , they try to flee . 
  but they never come very far . 
  try this . 
  male :p thought i 'd do a little public service . 
  it took me about a minute to make a search on da , it 's not like a have a depository of those . 
  no really , i do n't . 
  honest . 
  and ~ ~ they ~ ~ we do n't even get paid . 
  can you request cutlery , if you 're visiting in india ? 
  nothing wrong with eating with your hands , but personally i hate getting my hands covered in anything . 
  that 's not legit , it ca n't be . 
  it just ... ca n't . 
  many people do that ( myself included ) if you are ever at the verge of sneezing just look directly at a light source . 
  not for too long though , so you do n't go blind . 
  here 's the culprit responsible : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trigeminal_nerve, 
  and some more on the nerve : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0opmwdetaow, 
  and even more : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_biaxgoiqy, 
  how 's the unique salt determined then ? 
  if it 's random then it has to be saved and if it 's saved then it can be stolen . 
  or is it a random letter from the password determined by another hash ( password ) function ? 
  because that would be really cool . 
  see , i do n't get that . 
  every reputable company i was registered with explicitly told me never to tell my password to anyone ever at all . 
  most even explained that after i created the password , nobody but me has the access to it . 
  the security scheme , where employees can see your password is atrocious and i would n't trust them for shit . 
  there might be hackers out there rejoicing at this news right now , stealing some bandwidth from paying customers . 
  is that not illegal where you 're from ? 
  the truth ... is but the most convincing lie available at the time . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegging_ ( sexual_practice ), 
  thank me later when you 've looked at them . 
  as for the government , i have low expectations to avoid disappointment . 
  for us , the end-user , things will probably get worse , before ( if ) they get better and while they might be trying , i have very low trust in their ability to improve the country as a whole . 
  eu is ... 
  still there , last time i checked . 
  what 's the point of tequila then ? 
  my personality . 
  fake and gay . 
  the eagle is obviously not bald . 
  that 's really kinda sad . 
  but why did they make their house out of paper ? 
  say what you will , but i think google 's logos are some of the ugliest out there . 
  a rainbow rabbit ? 
  come on now . 
  came here for butthurt ratheists , was not left disappointed . 
  i read `` propose '' as `` purpose '' and imagined agent smith stabbing with his hand vigorously . 
  perhaps this would help : http://www.turisticnekmetije.si/en/, 
  hate . 
  care to share ? 
  i think the mass tranzit systems just generally bring the worst out of people . 
  there 's never any seatings ( that 's why they race and fight for it ) , the usual heat ( that 's why they get annoyed more easily ) and just general suckiness of the train/bus . 
  kepps the dogs , the cats , the toddler ( as pointed down below ) out and keeps the bacteria and other shit in . 
  when you flush you supposedly douse the whole area in feces , so the lid helps quite a bit with that . 
  you still need a considerable amount of luck in that situation . 
  if this guy went a little bit faster , he 'd eat that wall , would n't he ? 
  i agree that the reaction was spot on , though . 
  you have failed !, 
  hang your head in shame !, 
  why would you put your coffee in the freezer ? 
  i got used to switching hands when i finish cutting something , because of some accidents i had before . 
  i 'm way too clumsy with my left hand . 
  you twist the fork around and the spaghetti wraps around it and you can put it in your mouth more easily . 
  if you twist it on the plate , you can get unwanted spaghetti on the fork , making the spaghetti wad too large for your mouth . 
  that 's where the spoon comes in , if you stick your fork into the spoon while wrapping the spaghetti , there 's no chance of picking up any extra material , which makes creating a manageable wad easier . 
  it sounds like over thinking it , but if you like your mouth surroundings ( and clothes ) to be clean while you eat and after you eat , i recommend trying this .
