  i usually rationalize anything that 's deemed `` icky '' . 
  i could n't give half a shit , to be honest . 
  one option is that she was feeling like shit and wanted some comforting/distraction from you . 
  or miles away to the left . 
  or a little above . 
  or below . 
  or somewhere hidden , for you to step on later on . 
  adjunct tavore paran of the bonehunters . 
  is n't that common practice ? 
  like saying `` ep . 
  6 is not out yet , but you can subscribe and get it in your sub box when it is . '', 
  the creators normally change the link to the episode in question , when it 's out . 
  tcp/ip . 
  it 's been ... what 23 years now ? 
  in cs that 's ages and still we use these protocols as a base for the internet . 
  if you ~ ~ pray ~ ~ prey upon the weak you 're kind of a dick . 
  i did , yes . 
  thanks :d, 
  since you 've already got tons of feedback , debating all of your points , i 'm just gon na share my thoughts on this one :, 
   we need to actually show what we want to see , so he can act on it . 
  if i remember anything from any of youtubers interviews it 's that they mull over the view statistics constantly and analyze them with passion . 
  so in a sense , you 're already giving him feedback by not watching the stuff you do n't like . 
  some people will watch it though and it 's okay , since we like different things . 
  i think that 's the beauty of youtube ; you do n't need to support content you do n't like and if others do , then good for them . 
  i 'm not trying to chastise you for starting a discussion , i 'm just saying that sips will probably figure out what 's hot and what 's not and react accordingly . 
  i like [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyr0non_8vm ) better . 
  that 's redundant , is n't it ? 
  ( jk , spiders eat shit . ), 
  where 's that guys explaining jokes when you need him ? 
  so it 's not only european politicians that act like thugs :d ... :(, 
  interesting . 
  we had deepfreeze on our school computers in high school and it would never work . 
  all it did was cause visual studio go into the `` first time setup '' mode every damn time you started the thing . 
  say what you will , but that was the best kind of ending one could ask for :d hillarious . 
  what if you tricked him by placing a bin in that corner of the room ? 
  oh yes . 
  the uncountable joys of competitive gaming . 
  ever tried wow raiding ? 
  we had to be ready an hour early with all the consumables and gold that you 've farmed prior to that . 
  god fucking help you if you have n't studied the boss mechanics beforehand too . 
  i 'm just gon na reply to this to save it , if i ever need it in the future . 
  horny women everywhere . 
  i feel [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=fxpgctg0i0k#t=34 ) is kinda relevant at the moment . 
  `` made with real cheese '', 
  no shit ? 
  well , at least they 're not orange ... 
  if i understand correctly , an emp attack is induction of current into a wire via electromagnet . 
  if a wire is large enough ( power mains ) it can survive the current , but if a wire is too small ( the connections inside a computer chip ) , it can burn . 
  so if we have an emp caused by a nuke in high atmosphere ( very powerful emp ) , which can take out computer chips , it could well be years for the blast area to recover from that , since they would have to manufacture ( or import , but how to import if your infrastructure is gone ) new chips . 
  considering that basically every electrical device ( read : almost every device ) uses a chip to function , the blast area residents would be nearly crippled . 
  wow . 
  you ca n't really die at all , you mine for an hour a day , put it on ah , get rich , dick around for the rest of the day . 
  the utter lack of respect is not a big deal ? 
  you do n't usually go to another person 's territory and take a big shit in the middle of it . 
  this is an exaggeration , but i would n't let someone i barely know fuck with my stuff either . 
  `` not too hard '' `` only 8a '' and it 's 9a . 
  some day ... 
  i wish ... 
  cycling . 
  just get a car . 
  it 's an essential part of climbing equipment . 
  was n't baghdad bombed not a decade ago ? 
   makes them come to the ** service **, 
  that confused the shit out of me for a long moment . 
  that was the funniest part !, 
  michael : `` i 'm freeing you , go ! '', 
  edgar : `` no , you 're not . '', 
  it 's hard to get over some of the psychological hurdles ~ ~ life ~ ~ brain throws at you . 
  source : lazy bum . 
  reading that first part , i was reminded of the missionaries in africa . 
  those guys went through jungles , swamps , deserts etc. 
  tough motherfuckers . 
  1 ) grab butt, 
  2 ) yes , i have a pen, 
  3 ) write down his/her number, 
  alternatively : do not poke if you do n't want to be growled at . 
  do : see a doctor . 
  do not : ask people on the internet for medical advice . 
  if i were to point a laser at his lens ( one powerful enough to destroy the cmos ) would that be illegal ? 
  i mean yeah , he 's just filming me in a public area and i 'm just pointing a powerful ir laser at his shit . 
  on a side note , if i destroyed his sensor with a laser , would he notice ? 
  cause it would be satisfying seeing him just film a black screen . 
   error getting comments : username is not valid or reddit is down . 
  try another name ? 
  i 'm not ... real ? 
  his stand up routine is somewhat unique ( and awesome ) too ; he talks to people and makes up jokes on the spot . 
  which does take quite some skill . 
  you mean working the crowd is easy ? 
  i do n't know , but from what i 've seen from dara 's specials , he only asks a few basic questions like `` what do you do '' then makes quite elaborate and actually funny jokes from just that . 
  other big comedians ( i only know the mainstream ones ) usually do n't do that . 
  but what the hell do i know . 
  you ... wha ... that does n't compute . 
  to go off-topic for a bit , you got me thinking ; i see people wearing glasses every day now , they 're way more common than , say , fifteen years ago . 
  it 's like the world is slowly but surely going blind . 
  the other thing we see commonly these days are screens . 
  computer , tablet , tv , phone , you name it . 
  is our civilization slowly blinding itself ? 
   this would mean around 5,000 euros given yearly to those hosting a wind turbine on their property . 
  and they won ... a dirty tent and a puddle of pissy mudwater . 
  they can have it .
