  being multilingual is hard , yo . 
  or i 'm just dumb . 
  probably that . 
  slovenian , but close enough :d, 
  closer to nature and further away from concrete jungles and plastic food ? 
  damn , even reading that is painful . 
  why subsidised ? 
  are they strapped for cash or something ? 
  what if you put it into a sealed bag with water in it ? 
  ( a small amount of water , of course ) would that be better or worse ? 
  do n't install anything . 
  ever . 
  extremely simple ui , extremely low functionality , rendering most apps next to useless . 
  but we do have desktop and all of it 's applications to offset the uselessness that is modern . 
  windows 8 even has a graph , showing you the data transfer rate . 
  it does n't really help as much as it just pisses you off when the line goes down to 0 . 
  and then up again . 
  and then down . 
  all the while you wonder what you did to deserve this . 
  also try right clicking your windows button ( or left bottom corner ) . 
  gives a fuckload of options , including shut down . 
  `` people do n't like you , they tolerate you . '', 
   makes your cum come out dark and chunky, 
  what drugs did he do ? 
  i mean ... 
  i did n't even know that was possible !, 
  holy shit !, 
  hey trench coats are cool . 
  if combined with shotguns . 
  and sunglasses . 
  and hair gel . 
  and slow motion . 
  it just does n't make any goddamn sense . 
  wan na hear the best part about that ? 
  they use ink to clean the nozzles . 
  you blow 15 $ for one of the 5 ( 2 black , 3 colour ) cartridges , just so that the bastard can waste the shit cleaning fucking nozzles . 
  if there ever was an argument for laser printers , this is it . 
  makes one wonder how porn stars manage . 
  everybody on the internet is a csi detective . 
  they can discern that what they say is true in any video . 
  even if the video 's a phone recording , with resolution of 4 whole pixels , the event in question is about 3 frames and the audio is fished from a toilet bowl . 
  point being : if you watched a youtube video , that does n't mean you know what happened . 
  you probably do n't . 
  nice camera work , though . 
  are n't they just a publisher , though ? 
  if so , they have n't necessarily made your games . 
  just sold them . 
  simple . 
  the woman emotionally abuses the guy and he beats the shit out of her . 
  a good wooden table can take a beating . 
  or a brick wall ( there might be blood stains ) . 
  keyboards or monitors ... not so much . 
  try this : http://www.e-slovenscina.si/login_snd_eng.asp, 
  try this : http://www.e-slovenscina.si/login_snd_eng.asp, 
  but it 's at a cafe , so there 's also ambience ( rent and music aint free ) and service ( not free either ) . 
  you can get beans and grind them for much lower prices ( 10 $ per half a kilo , which can last you more than a month 's worth of coffe , meaning 30 coffees or more for 10 $ and that 's the expensive shit ) . 
  see , that does n't compute . 
  at least not to me . 
  if there 's excitement and no finish , that usually means blueballs to me , which means discomfort and pain , so the whole point of stimulation is to finish , get the job done , clean the pipes etc. 
  i 'm not saying you 're lying or i do n't believe you , it 's just that it 's really counterintuitive and inexplicable and ... 
  totally strange . 
  dude , if you write clear and documented code , you 're already ahead of 70 % of us . 
  aside from that , if you really enjoy gaming , you could get into streaming and such . 
  maybe make a minecraft adventure map . 
  and instead , you got boring classes , boring shit to study in a smelly library , because you ca n't stand to be around your stupid fucking roommates when they 're awake . 
  humanity is n't ready for that kind of technology yet . 
  i like it how it 's the future tense when he 's listing consequences . 
  look around you , guy ; the storms are more intense , floods are worse , droughts are more common . 
  our kids wo n't be the ones paying the price , we all already are . 
  there 's ways to protect the airway by moving the tongue , no ? 
  what 's wrong with the quality ? 
  those four pixels were clear as rain . 
  definetly worth the read . 
  you can watch conan 's serious jibber jabber , where he talks with a guest for an hour with no live audience :, 
  it 's not a stand up show , so it might not be what you 're looking for , but it is a comedian cracking jokes with no audience ... 
  wait till they make a proper neural network . 
  you 're right on target , i was referring to an artificial brain . 
  do we have neural networks with 20 billion neurons yet ? 
  not trying to be a dick , i 'm genuinely interested as i 've only skimmed the topic in college and it seems , that a proper neural network , that would simulate a brain is too much for our current technology . 
  i suppose the preconceptions would be the natural ( basic ) synapses , that are inherited from our parents ? 
  if we had those two , would n't we also need a meaningful input and output ? 
  the input being a fake nervous system and the ouput would be it 's thoughts . 
  it might be doable on some large computer cluster , but billions of neurons and synapses are hard to handle with the current technology . 
  i think . 
  launch some of the world 's nukes into the upper atmosphere and detonate them there . 
  not all of them , but just enough to cause worldwide emps and cause high amounts of nuclear fallout in the most populated urban areas . 
  then watch the people scramble to get help with their irradiated food , water and stuff ... 
  without any electricity . 
  then get stabbed , since that 's bound to happen in chaotic circumstances . 
  well we still have the emps , those do some mayhem . 
  if you 're in a car , i suggest not to go only to the most popular tourist spots . 
  go off the main road , drive through some villages , see some woods . 
  ca n't really get lost , even if you try to . 
  but why is the sound there ? 
  is somebody fucking with us or are they doing it for the auto copyright thing ? 
  so if you do 5 push ups in a day , you 'll instantly turn 40 years old ? 
  or how does this work ? 
  easy to bash on rap , if you only take the songs played on the radio , but then you come across songs like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcpokc2ewzs, 
  spoiler alert : no hey guys here . 
  also , thanks for pointing it out .
