  but the ac is capable of cooling an entire room to like ... 18 \u00b0 c , would n't it be able to hold down a heavily overclocked processor to a manageable temp ? 
  suck it up , absorb the pain and frustration , nurture it to a searing ball of anger and release it in a controlled torrent of unmitigated violence . 
  bullies and assholes deserve to get the shit beaten out of them and nothing more . 
  or everybody plotting to ruin it . 
  two way street , you could have baddies that just wan na destroy sites they do n't like or even the government editing sites . 
  i never even did the command and it works everytime . 
  my first upgrade was a cooler on a nameless motherboard . 
  i stabbed , mauled , bludgeoned and cut the cpu before i managed to place it and to my surprise it worked afterwards . 
  built my first pc 5 years back and have been actively upgrading ever since . 
  bapc community is amazing :d, 
  the latency is not that big of a deal . 
  ca n't even notice it . 
  and if you can , the benefits of cordless still outweigh the measly latency loss . 
  performance mx , g700 and i think ~ ~ naga ~ ~ mamba already have that . 
  the wire got stuck behind the desk all the freaking time . 
  and i had to mind the wire all the time so it did n't get tangled with earphones or phone chargers or other things . 
  then there 's the sheer portability that comes with wireless , i can take my mouse to bed , listen to music and control next , previous , volume . 
  or do that from the kitchen on the off chance that i 'm cooking something . 
  also good when i watch a movie from the bed , where i can control the volume ( you know how dialogue and explosion volumes are always messed up ) . 
  my mistake , sorry . 
  imma piss alot of people off by blaming this ( that concept not realizing ) on the apple cultist mentality . 
  if it says `` apple '' and it 's newer than the one i have i must have it at all costs . 
  the products will have to become a lot shittier or a lot more expensive if you want to deter the common apple fanboy . 
  did you use the pcie power cables to hold your gfx from sagging ? 
  clever ... 
  you succeeded . 
  the site looks amazing , it 's simple , straightforward and fast . 
  i do hope you have some serious buisness plan for hosting this though , because it just might get the same wind as imgur . 
  and we all know what the most common image on imgur is ( hint : it 's the text that shows when the site is down ) . 
  is this guy saying that i do n't need my 64 gigs of 2100mhz liquid nitrogen cooled ram ? 
  what a hack . 
  on a serious note , does anyone think it will become relevant again when the next gen procs come out ? 
  next gen being the promised land of graphene and 100ghz processors . 
  and what about the reram ? 
  that 's supposed to be quite faster , will it phase out ram ? 
  does it even make sense for them to further develop ram as it is ? 
  will reram be able to keep up with the graphene procs ( whenever the hell they actually come out ) . 
  true . 
  this whole browser wars is getting really old . 
  i 'm tiered of hearing about which one gained users and which one lost them . 
  why would it even matter ? 
  why would anyone give a shit ? 
  maaaybe . 
  if you made a time lapse i 'd definetly watch it . 
  but i 'm not sure about my attention span for a 1 hour pc build . 
  really really old car being 10 years or 20 + ? 
  i 'm driving a 99 daewoo , is there cause for worry ? 
  i 've an android project in a class of mine and you have no idea how much i can relate to that sentiment . 
  switching from vs to eclipse was one of the most painful transitions ever and even after a year i have serious issues with it . 
  the thing that ticked me off in that movie was the dream within a dream technicalities . 
  i mean yeah it 's theoretically possible to have a dream that lucid , to fall asleep and dream some more , but the time speeding up exponentially ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  if you have a brain that 's dreaming and you fall asleep in that dream you do n't automatically gain brainpower . 
  you 're still operating on the original brain . 
  which is not just automatically capable of figuring out it has to work 10 times as fast in the fake inner dream , or even capable of actually working that fast . 
  you could compress it back to liquid could n't you ? 
  you 'd need a cooler house though . 
  ca n't see anyone bearing a raging compressor all the time xd, 
  yes wer do . 
  more importantly ; he does . 
  which is all that matters here . 
  why ? 
  because we 're hardwired to get off on women orgasming ( no source because i made that up ) and you mastrubating is the fastest way to reach that . 
  because you know your body and everything . 
  and as others have mentioned , he 's gon na learn from your mastrubating and use the knowledge when he goes down on you . 
  because telling it to the ones that matter would n't do anything . 
  would n't change their minds at all , the nationalistic americans would still uphold the mindset of `` we are the white knights and you are jealous/terrorist '' . 
  same with every third post on reddit complaining about gay rights . 
  wrong demographic . 
  we 're the ones who get it . 
  all in all , that vid was some of the most depressive shit i 've seen in a while and i sincerely hope that your goverment does n't continue this bullshit . 
  and i hope that you , personally , do n't become a target of stereotypes and prejudices again . 
  is that enough ram for the high end editing software ? 
  i do n't know for sure , i just remembered a thread about ram and a few people said they need 16 gigs for their video editing . 
  look into it i guess . 
  and as you said , more ca n't hurt and ram prices are perfect for buying at the moment . 
  that is awesome :d just wondering , how do they ever keep a straight face ? 
  it 's hillarious . 
  you have my harsh words and rude gestures . 
  yeah but it 's fine if we 're intolerant . 
  because we 're right . 
  and they 're wrong . 
  tapes ? 
  would you really ever choose a tape over a hard drive or a flash drive ? 
  i ran into a door edge once . 
  while walking down a hallway , somebody opened the door and bam . 
  although i do n't even need unfortunate timing to run into shit . 
  okay , cool . 
  i cosidered tapes absolutely obsolete tech , that is used only by companies that invested big money into them instead of hard drives . 
  you live and you learn . 
  thanks . 
  iz ze german akcent , get it rayt !, 
  had to stop scrolling mid-album to prevent awesome overload . 
  amazing paintings man . 
  seconding . 
  i lost a screw the last time i was installing a mobo and it was the last damn screw . 
  of course i had to unscrew the whole damn thing to make sure it was n't under the mobo . 
  what does that expression even mean ? 
  if you want an anecdote , i have one for ya . 
  i 've been driving my pc in my car for about 2 years , from my college dorm to home .
