  yes . 
  if i 'm dumb enough to leave my car keys in an unattended car it 's probably not worth anything and i 'll be better off without it . 
  plus i 'd deserve it . 
  windows xp ... 
  got messed up by a mammal , you scaly prick !, 
  pretty much . 
  `` oh look , there 's five huge drunk guys . 
  wonder if i 'm getting my ass beat today . '', 
  the buffoon !, 
  computers and general electronics . 
  whenever i hear `` hey can you fix my pc for me ? '', 
  i try to be polite with `` maybe '' but in my heart , i know that that computer 's been a piece of shit since it was manufactured and there 's no miracle on earth , that could make it not so . 
  now if you do n't go for the cheapest ( i 'm not saying the most expensive stuff does n't have problems , just that they wo n't be that bad ) , you just might end up with a stable piece of hardware , that will serve you for 5 years minimum . 
  after that you can always give it to a sibling . 
  yes . 
  welp , you put a load of people in an internet sandbox and some bad shit is gon na happen . 
  considering how the modders are n't really getting paid and mod making is pretty damn complicated , i can understand how some of them lost their goddamn minds . 
  in general ( in my opinion , of course ) in minecraft , where everything is done for free , for donations or for adfly money , people get pissy really fast if you demand anything ( even if it 's basic support ) . 
  reasoning being : i do n't get paid for this , so you can fuck off . 
  it was `` okay '' . 
  why , why ms. anderson , why ? 
  why do you persist ? 
  why curtains ? 
  do you believe you 're hanging them for something ? 
  for more than your frivolousness ? 
  can you tell me what it is ? 
  do you even know ? 
  fuck curtains into the fucking ground . 
  they 're hard to wash , annoying to hang , they get in the way of me opening the windows , they get in the way of possible plants ( do n't have any yet ) , you can accidentally get snagged on one and rip it , pets love to do that as well . 
  they also get in the was of cleaning the damn windows , even fucking looking through windows , they 're a god damn nuisance and they can go to fucking hell . 
  when i 'm old and rich , all she 's getting is a transparent screen with e-ink or some lcd bullshit ( which already exists :d ) , none of the fucking curtains !, 
  outlast - [ when you ] ( #s `` fuck around that stupid asylum for hours , dodging trager , walker and twins , who are really dumb and really really irritating and you finally get to the wallrider , you kill the fucker controlling it and at the end of it all , as your final reward , for the ending of 4 hour long torture , you get shot to shreds by some fucking jarheads lead by a cripple telling you that `` you have become the host '' . '' ), 
  fuck that goddamn ending . 
  i put effort , nerves and time into it , the protagonist deserved better than that load of bollocks . 
  how so ? 
  armoured testicles . 
  i meant that more as an affirmation ( yes . 
  armoured testicles . ), 
  than a correction :p, 
  off-topic , but still ; how does mining these coins work ? 
  my guess is you 're sharing your processor time with a company , that then pays you in coins . 
  it that it , or is there some other black magic present ? 
   why not let people `` rent '' a faster network instead of a faster server ? 
  that would n't really work . 
  if you have a gigabit internet connection , but run your website server on a laptop from 2005 , it will still take forever to process a request ( pack the requested data into packages and send them over the overkill network ) . 
  of course i 'm not talking about 10 consecutive , but rather more like 1000 or more consecutive users , loading , refreshing and using your site . 
  squeeze every drop of milk from that cow man !, 
  why would we give anything for free if we can charge them !!!, 
  1 ) make multiplayer with a unique id . 
  you can still use tunngle , or something , but it 's just so much of a hassle it 's easier to buy it . 
  2 ) updates . 
  many many small but fun and cool mini updates . 
  nobody cracks all the versions of , say , do n't starve , because it will just get a new version in a month or so . 
  ergo all illegal versions are far inferior to the real thing , meaning more incentive to buy . 
  if i were to write some code that would discourage piracy , it would have to be sneaky . 
  like a `` bug '' that some players have encountered , that randomly corrupts your savegames or changes them so you ca n't progress . 
  but do n't worry , we know of the bug , we 're working on it and if anybody encounters said bug , you can tell us about it on our bug tracker , the update will be out within this quarter-ish . 
  and when the truth inevitably comes out , we can still be nonchalant about it `` yeah , we lied . 
  what 're you gon na do ? 
  sue us ? 
  on the grounds of the game you have n't bought not working ? '', 
  then when the crack that bypasses that comes out i 'd revert to strategy 2 . 
  what 's the point of even being up at that level ? 
  breakfast without youtube is a breakfast not worth eating . 
  that 's just being sincere . 
  of course you have to give a marginal amount of fuck , otherwise you would n't even bother saying you do n't , you 'd just ignore the issue . 
  yes , i know i have 2 ssds , but that does n't change the fact that i will occasionally lag . 
  now stop being a crybaby bitch about it and go back to your reddit bullshit . 
  a jolly roger gatling gun . 
  a graphene based processor . 
  100 ghz ? 
  yes , please . 
  novak = no vacuum ( cleaning ) ? 
  sports maybe ? 
  when you push your limits it hurts and feels good at the same time , also during recovery you feel like you 've done something worthwhile . 
  what one 's looking for is a distraction from dark , unproductive and painful thoughts . 
  physical activity is one of the most effective ways ( at least for me ) to achieve that . 
  the back of a girls neck . 
  and when a few threads of hair fall over it , just wan na brush em aside and have a kissfest . 
  tldw : 3 people are really dumb , but think they 're not and they think what they have to say ( and their point of view ) is really important . 
  or you get it on video many times . 
  and then upload it to youtube and link it to reddit for the joy and merriment of all . 
  yes , do it , wayward son , you know you want to  :d you know we want you to . 
  yeah . 
  `` a virus has been detected '' `` but do n't panic . '', 
  a little too late for that . 
  aaaaaah , because of the pronunciation , right ? 
  i would impersonate a random pornstar , then mastrubate using everything . 
  i think my brain tried to create a blood clot , in an attempted suicide , after reading that . 
  is there any way to train your working-memory capacity to expand it ? 
  nope . 
  the major complaints were about how useless the modern ui apps were . 
  and i agree , they are , but ( ! ), 
  you can completely ignore the modern ui apps and use only desktop , just like in win7 . 
  after you 've done that , you 'll only notice a few differences in appearance and there 's a few new functionalities for better administration ( refresh , eh ? ), 
  and general usage . 
  you heretic !, 
  i watched a video for minecraft mod programming once . 
  the whole time i was thinking about how more time efficient it would be , if i just had the damn transcript , so that i would n't have to skip back and forth to find actual damn information . 
  all in all , tekst and picture ( and code ) guides are better .
