  i like you . 
  exactly !, 
  `` what 's a missile have to do with beatles ? '', 
  repurposed acronyms are confusing . 
  well you 're not gon na use your computer just for gaming , right ? 
  i mean there 's the internet and reddit and tons of other stuff . 
  as a lot of people stated price/fps ratio of high end gfx cards is ... bad . 
  and if you buy a 100 $ cheaper card in exchange for an ssd you might lose 20 fps , but gain a lot of loading times reduction . 
  aside from that , does n't the fps get gimped by the screen 's refresh ration anyways ? 
  i 've always wondered how games can have 200 fps and the refresh is 60hz . 
  and the us government sends these fine gentlemen to warzones to do just that . 
  antagonize the people , the people get pissed off and join the rebellion and the us can prolong the war since the `` terrorists '' are growing so much stronger . 
  well , colour me uv blue , that looks amazing !, 
  `` ballsacks on a stick '', 
  * raises hand *, 
  best i can do is 20 . 
  which subreddits have you been reading ? 
  so i can keep away from them . 
  so how would they enforce that ? 
  just ... pursue every foreign content creator untill they stop creating content ? 
  invade every country that dares to post original things on the internet ? 
  or would they simply steal shit ? 
  i do n't get it at all , it 's incredibly impractical . 
  `` it 's our data an ' we can do wha'ever the fuck we want wi ' it , mate !, 
  any by mate i mean cunt . '', 
  and you read this in an australian accent . 
  hope ? 
  * laughs * you 're on the internet . 
  you can abandon that silly notion and face the reality ; she thinks you 're a cock and there is nothing you can do about it . 
  if you 're gon na use a pci-e graphics card , instead of the integrated ( ivy/sandy bridge ) one , then you basically do n't need ivy . 
  the major improvement is going to be in the graphics core , the processing improvement is miniscule , from what i 've heard , so you can safely go for sandy . 
  well no . 
  language is the most important part of culture and national identity . 
  you do n't just chuck it away and replace it , even for pragmatic reasons . 
  they can easily manage with italian lectures all the while googling for english material . 
  not cool at all . 
  pretty much this . 
  you could look into external gfx card and try to oc the cpu ( depends of the mobo if you 're even able to do it ) . 
  even with external gfx it might be ... bad . 
  in that can is the power of a thousand suns , combined with the spite of a dead godess . 
  and some salt . 
  for taste . 
  i 'd have to use a condom , no oral and it 'd have to be in my place ( controlled environment ) , but yes , yes i would . 
  oh fuck yes , imma use the hell out of that shit , thanks . 
  exactly . 
  that kind of sentence awakens the rage of a thousand hellhounds in me . 
  `` that literally makes me hungry . '', 
  oh no shit ? 
  thank god you clarified that , who knows what i 'd have thought if you had n't said it you meant it literally . 
  now if you 'll excuse me , i 'll just go gouge my fucking eyes out . 
  no round wheel will ever replace ou superrior sled systems . 
  even though a boolean only uses 1 bit , it allocates a whole byte , because that 's the smallest ram allocation unit . 
  my friend put the windows installation files on a secondary hdd and booted from there . 
  it worked . 
  although no , it still would n't . 
  is it another one of the silly american `` day of xyz '' ? 
  most english teachers teach that an goes before a vowel and a goes before everything else . 
  they fail to mention that you have to consider pronunciation of it , and not just the generic letters `` a , e , i , o and u '' . 
  then you should stop wasting your energy even thinking about that dumbass hypocrite . 
  he does not deserve any of it . 
  does n't freezing simply put bacteria in hibernation ? 
  were i the host , i 'd get silly drunk with the people who came and we 'd rock that shit . 
  who needs 120 people anyways ? 
  3 's a party and 3 + is a fucking festival !, 
  party hard !!, 
  he what ?!, 
  hold the phones , evacuate the schools , get the president in the bunker , shoot the midget and sound the general alarm !, 
  defcon 1 people !, 
  bieber does n't know what german is !!, 
  78 amps for sli ? 
  i 'm going to assume it 's not meant 78 amps input from the grid . 
  because if it is , then i know what i wo n't be doing with my computer . 
  ever . 
  okay good . 
  i thought it ca n't pull that much , but asked to make sure , thanks . 
  servers of us , stop this bullshit and push for either mandatory tips or regular pay . 
  the current system you have is absolutely ridiculous . 
  and retarded in the fullest meaning of the word . 
  exactly . 
  it 's just like videogames . 
  someone confused because you took some crap loot that you can only vendor ? 
  i did n't get rich by not looting shit , motherfucker !, 
  yeah . 
  just like real life . 
  why ca n't we have both ? 
  a huge copper heatsink with a fan in it . 
  should be better than a small aluminium ( or worse ) heatsink with a fan in it , right ? 
  i know it would n't be fanless anymore , i was just trying to convey it would make a nice cooling solution , 
  indeed . 
  i half expected to see some of my numerous fails in that vid . 
  us noobs have more fun anyways :p, 
  online gaming might be slightly subpar . 
  online gaming while downloading will be impossible and downloading itself will be slow as hell . 
  if you have an option go for 4mb/s . 
  it makes a difference . 
  they say that one is himself when one is alone or thinks he 's alone . 
  so what do you do when you 're alone in your room , not doing anything ? 
  what do you think of ? 
  what do you do to pass the time ? 
  what are you like when you 're just out of fucks to give ?
