  it supposed to be a fun , interesting action movie about some clowns in some shithole far far away . 
  some people went to these movies with expectations set way too high and when they got an average/good movie they were disappointed enough to take it out on something as banal as jar jar ( and now something as banal as the cross guards on a lightsaber ) . 
  in my opinion , star wars became victim to it 's own hype . 
  by means of expectations vs. reality , not by means of revenue . 
  yeah he 's stuck . 
  stuck on trying to decide whether to eat you alive or murder you first ;p, 
  porridge . 
  i make prank videos for a living . 
  gradeaundera/ihe criticized my videos . 
  what can i do to flex my internet muscles against to get him to stfu ? 
  i know , i can abuse the yt broken ass system , maybe get a few of my friends join in to get him `` repeated offenses '' . 
  if there 's a way to abuse a system you can be goddamn sure someone 's gon na abuse it . 
  and the game engine simply handles it without crashing ? 
  i need some programming tips from these guys . 
  zgleda dobr , good job . 
  a bej\u017e . 
  if they asked you , would you participate in a game of civ with the yogscast ? 
  cause personally , i 'd pay to see that shit !, 
  i laughed at first , then i remembered i 'm going to look at exactly this type of shit on monday . 
  internet . 
  boo hoo fucking hoo , why do n't you wipe your tears away with the tourism money your local economy is getting you daft prick . 
  free food . 
  `` remote server not found . 
  can you make sure - '' no bitch , i ca n't !, 
  i said push !!, 
  add a vm instance on wine . 
  the slo mo guys should definitely do a collab with these two :d, 
  because of my personality . 
  or lack thereof . 
  i used to be shy and self conscious about my behaviour , things i said etc. 
  which made me nervous and made my behaviour even more socially awkward . 
  so i eliminated the behaviour . 
  the result of that is that i appear to be dead inside to everyone who does n't know me well enough . 
  jerk off and complain on reddit . 
  yep . 
  i was making some proof of concept code once and could n't figure out why all my class values are the same . 
  it was because i esentially did newclass = oldclass ;, 
  one thing c # may benefit from is default ( maybe overridable ) method clone ( ) , which clones the object ( or rather object 's member values ) into a new object and calls the members ' clone ( ) methods recursively to clone the members as well . 
  although that is also quite straightforward to implement manually . 
  edit : or you could use a copy constructor - i 'm dumb . 
  and another mail client . 
  and streaming service . 
  and cloud storage . 
  and document service ... 
  does youtube have an account for any videos ? 
  would n't it be a shame if someone were to came and take their videos down ? 
  try mixing ketchup with mayonnaise and add it to fries . 
  it 's `` okay '' . 
  i do it too for one simple reason : i 'm clumsy and do n't trust myself enough to eat with left hand ( based on past experience ) . 
  musicbee . 
  a bit more lightweight than winamp and a bit less buggy in my experience - i had some problems with syncing my playlists to my usb ( that i use in my car ) , it 's a bit buggy on winamp ( flat out refused to work in some cases ) and musicbee does that part better . 
  so if unlikely optimizes branching of, 
   if ( unlikely ( a = = 2 ) ), 
   else, 
  would n't you achieve the same optimization simply by switching up the if clause like this :, 
   if ( ( a ! = 2 ) ), 
   else, 
  it 's not an else while loop , it 's just a while loop that executes if x ! = y. 
  that seems to be the point these examples are trying to make . 
  a good metaphor for life ? 
  i mean , the series describes events that spanned over the course of hundreds of thousands of years and the whole time you get that undertone of how pointless everything is . 
  i think it does . 
  in some intermissions , it explains thing like how [ the crippled god ] ( / s ) came to be where he was or how [ t'lan imass wanted to make the world safe and how shitty that turned out for them ] ( / s ) and it gave me the feeling how the main story was no different to that ( and many other - do n't remember them well enough to list them ) attempts to `` save the world '' , just another pointless trifle in the grand theatre of time . 
  crc and/or parity ? 
  and if you determine that the checksum is corrupt , you can still try to see if the data is intact and recalculate it . 
  he plays in the civ series regularly ( on the civillization channel ) . 
  mosquitoes . 
  like shit . 
  you ? 
  normally bees are cool . 
  i 've never been next to an apiary , but we used to have a water tank that was leaking , positioned near a neighbour 's apiary . 
  the bees would come all summer to drink water . 
  we were pouring water like normal , bees flying around us , moving out of our way - did n't get stung once . 
  until i sat on one . 
  so normally they 're cool while you 're cool and do n't threaten them . 
  bees are awesome . 
  also - work hard ; play hard . 
   on a side note : kako se pa vi sploh u\u010dite za predmete ? 
  hehe , good question . 
  upam samo da ne bo to ratal kak meme - eni so se v zastoju \u017eogali z beach ball-om . 
  * shrug *, 
  it can be cheap as fuck to try out . 
  if you go to a local gym , you can go to a boulder wall and all you really need is climbing shoes . 
  if you find a gym that lends shoes , you wo n't even need to buy those . 
  a ( simple ) boulder would be to get a taste of what climbing is , if you then go into sports climbing ( let 's say ~ 15m heights ) , you 'll need a harness ( again some gyms lend those ) and a rope , belayer device etc. 
  that 's when the price starts ramping up . 
  the good thing about climbing gear is , you buy a harness ( or some other piece ) and you can get 5 or 10 years use out of it . 
  it 's expensive , but quality shit - it has to be , because you 're relying on it to survive any kind of fall . 
  any false positives ? 
  i 'd imagine that when a troll gets a hold of the app and spoofs some data , it could start giving you some shit advice . 
  the steampunk grinder rig and the respirator , he 's like a character from a videogame , awesome !, 
   source : automation engineer , i integrate tech together . 
  my condolences . 
  . . l. . -_- . . l. . 
  in tako dalje in tako dalje . 
  where dalje is similar to naprej in this context . 
  they really hate snow , do n't they . 
  `` do i need to change my pants and/or shower ? '', 
  * scratch * -  * sniff * `` nah we 're good for two more days . '', 
  and yet , it 's usually beneficial to have a header comment above a function that gives you a synopsis of what it does , what it takes and what it returns , so you have an easier time analysing it 's inner workings .
