  it 's 3 hour drive on a messed up road . 
  the case was a generic mid tower pos . 
  i put it behind the front passenger seat , so it could n't wreak havoc in all over the trunk . 
  in all that time and abuse , the computer worked every time i plugged it in , after the transport . 
  i 'm still using the graphics card , which survived that and a lot of other abuse from me . 
  point is : for a 30 minute drive , you 're fine . 
  just immobilize it and protect it from scratches ( if you still have the case box with the styrofoam protection , that works perfectly ) . 
  computer components are built to last and built to survive these kinds of ordeals . 
  could it be a different element ? 
  the red ones remind me of diodes while the yellow one could be a resistor . 
  anyways if you plug it in and it fries because these are messed up , it 's a factory error and should fall under warranty . 
  same if it screws with your gaming performance . 
  my guess is you 're fine though . 
  is this gon na be another `` you have more skeletons in the closet than you can count , should n't have drawn attention to yourself '' situation ? 
  is there a shitstorm behind the floodgates ? 
  mmm nothing like some internet drama :d, 
  what ? 
  you 'd get rid of the luquor in favor of intel ? 
  for shame . 
  that bugged skin finally got patched ? 
  skin 1.1 - eliminated the bug where skin sometimes kills you . 
  i 'll let myself out . 
  or between the head and the foreskin . 
  ~ ~ if ~ ~ when that happens , on erection , every hair that got caught is pulled out painfully . 
  which is also the reason why i do it . 
  the most pathetic thing about this conversation was when the `` conman '' lost his grip and went `` fuck offf ! 11 ! 111 '' on you . 
  that 's just sad and a disgrace to the grifting profession . 
  ever tried spinalis ? 
  i sat in one for about half an hour and it felt like heaven under my ass . 
  of course . 
  i take money from old ladies and idiots all the time . 
  not really , i just watched a lot of of leverage . 
  pros : tvs are fucking huge , yo . 
  cons : when you have a tv only half a meter away from your face , you 're gon na notice the pixels are also fucking huge , yo . 
  meaning : the resolution will not be pleasurable . 
  unless you 're like me and find bigger pixels easier on the eyes ( big resolutions and small monitors can make my poor screwy eyes hurt ) . 
  exactly . 
  we 'll make a new capital . 
  with hookers and blackjack . 
  the only thing going through my mind while watching was `` dude please do n't get shot '' . 
  horrible . 
  sometimes you simply add \u010dek . 
  zmaj ( dragon ) - zmaj\u010dek . 
  telefon ( phone ) - telefon\u010dek . 
  but in some cases you add more or omitt some for it to make sense . 
  then it gets harder when the noun is of female gender :, 
  dekle ( also girl , but more formal , like young maiden ) - deklica . 
  we call these words pomanj\u0161evalnice ( literal translation of that would be smallifiers which does n't make any sense but okay ) . 
  it 's a whole chapter of slovenian language and your best bet for it would be to watch slovenian movies with subtitles , to learn each specific case . 
  after a quick google , i found [ glavca.si ] ( http://glavca.si/ ) ( it 's up , but loads very slowly ) . 
  if you want apparel , or rather t-shirts , there 's [ tiskanemanjice ] ( http://www.tiskanemajice.com/show_product/2/12 ) . 
  if you want computer tech ( and some other stuff ) there 's [ mimovrste ] ( http://www.mimovrste.si ) . 
  hope it helps , let me know if you need more info . 
  if you look really closely , none of them are . 
  they are * shivers * suggarfree redbulls . 
  to be honest , the thief did him a favor . 
  it 's more than just deliberately misleading ; it 's a scam , pure and simple . 
  on par with other bullshit adware programs on the net and close to ransomware ( if we consider it 's showing you garbage that is n't there ) . 
  ca n't the laws be adjusted , so that a commercial can be taken down , if the product does not work as advertised ? 
  is n't that a basic foundation of consummer protection ? 
  provided they actually want to protect the consumers , of course . 
  did you install wp7 on a french fry by any chance ? 
  i tried the exact same phrase and it searched for gas stations , as expected . 
  i 'm not trying to insult you , i 'm just saying , that it works , sometimes , maybe , kind of . 
  i did have to make a point to say it like i was telling it to a dumb machine , rather than a human , so the voice search is still gon na be an unused feature for me . 
  on the adapter ? 
  tried it , but it did nothing . 
  192.168.2.1 , which is my router . 
  i 've set the dns back to automatic after it did n't do anything . 
  the problem was n't the dns providing it was ... computer naming and the dns suffix ( see the link in the op update ) . 
  i applied the fix in the link and it works now . 
  thanks for the help , 
  `` you 're not a climatologist '', 
  response : `` no , you 're the climatologist and you 're the one that 's right . 
  please educate us all . '', 
  what a joke . 
  why do they get so many views ? 
  how are they still in buisness ? 
  who the hell watches this shit and goes `` hmm , yeah , she 's right , nye really is n't a climatologist , clearly he 's lying about all the things . 
  thank god we have her to set us straight . '', 
  supposedly ms is going to allow people that use preview versions of win8 will be able to upgrade to full for 40 bucks , [ source ] ( http://www.techspot.com/news/49300-windows-8-preview-users-can-upgrade-to-final-version-for-3999.html ) . 
  i have no idea how to get the preview , or how much that costs , though . 
  still looks beautiful . 
  and here i am , unable to even make a proper dirt hole in the ground . 
  toothless ? 
  because bigots do n't irony . 
  so ... what were you compiling for so long ? 
  it 's always something stupid that wastes the most time is n't it . 
  shit like this makes cloud storage look dodgy as hell . 
  the sad part is , they have the resources to be an amazing company . 
  all they need to do is to start listening to their customers . 
  we like win8 , but we like the start button aswell , why not adding it at least as an option ? 
  we like wp7 and we just bought expensive phones for it , why discontinuing it ? 
  they have the resources to become like valve ( for the lack of a better example , at the risk of being called a fanboy ) with small to no loss . 
  and of course they should cut down failed projects for products that nobody uses . 
  bing , zune , i 'm looking at you . 
  as long as they do n't discontinue wp7 we 're good . 
  discontinuing software usually means they stop developing ( updating ) it . 
  if they do that , we 're boned , if they do n't we 're still gon na have software on par with win8 , just a little less flashy , probably . 
  mind that those are my guesstimates and the reality could be shitty updates that will be far inferior to those of win8 , but i 'm hoping for the best .
