   please , keep everything up to date ( except maybe java ) . 
  and there 's my dilemma . 
  you patch one security hole and open up another , on top of that i do n't know exactly what those updates are doing . 
  what if they 're just adding some authentication or some security stuff for programs i will never need ? 
  hence the question . 
  i 'm not saying it will kill the performance , i 'm asking if there 's any chance that it will . 
  the consensus so far is no , so i 'll keep it on , i was just wondering if anyone had any bad experiences with the updates . 
  somebody need to make a gif where she slowly turns her head and looks at you . 
  or maybe it 's scary as shit as it is , nevermind . 
  to be fair , your arrow does point towards the downvote button . 
  i 'd say he 's a good coder . 
  maybe not that great of a games designer , but his algorithms for terrain creation are pretty good . 
  unless he did n't make those in that case ignore the praise . 
  even worse are the ones that preach about legalizing it . 
  `` oh just legalize it and make money off taxes ! '', 
  really mr. economist , it 's that simple to make an entirely new market , new set of rules , re educate the law enforcement , the courthouses and create taxing authorities ? 
  the tax revenues will probably give us profits instantly as well , right ? 
  and nobody will try to avoid the new taxations either . 
  it 's like these rocket scientists think they can make profit without any investment whatsoever . 
  i 'm not the sharpest tool in the shed and even i can see that it 's not that easy , especially in the current economies . 
  maybe it could be a plan for the future , but right now there 's more important things than potheads to take care of ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't have to defend my beliefs/taste/choices that affect only me and nobody else . 
  someone does n't like it ? 
  so fucking what . 
  you can try logitech perfomance mx . 
  it 's got 4 thumb buttons , to which you can map keystrokes , it 's heavy , wireless and you can charge it while using it ( so freaking cool ) . 
  the only thing is that it 's quite expensive and batteries are ni-cd . 
  replaceable but not all that grand on life , although the default eneloop will last you for about a week before it runs out of juice . 
  i really think that 's not the man actually spinning the cat , but rather a gif made using photo manipulation . 
  i stopped reading that shit because of snicket 's writing style . 
  i was twelve and it was still too dumbed down/condescending/irritating to read . 
  aside from that , if the guardians were n't that freaking stupid olaf would have gotten caught in the first damn book . 
  i ended up being more mad at the failing guardians than olaf . 
  once , when i unlocked it . 
  under normal circumstances it has n't yet . 
  i must disagree with that sentiment . 
  the `` small but vocal minority '' works in some cases , but you have political parties , presidential candidates , numerous movements and fox news , that are either based on or associated with religion . 
  people had to vote for them , they have to watch them ( the news ) in order for them to even be relevant . 
  that does n't point to small but vocal , that points to big . 
  big enough at least . 
  same with the muslims or any other given large group of people , sure there are peaceful and moderate members of those movements , but you ca n't honestly expect me to buy the `` small but vocal '' with all the shit that 's coming out of those groups . 
  i was n't trying to blame everything on religion , but rather on large groups of ignorant people . 
  i 'm just trying to say that i doubt that extremists are a small but vocal minority , if they are as large scale as political parties and similar . 
  that 's not small but vocal , it 's large and vocal . 
  i realize you got moderates in every group and extremists in every group , but i 'm not just going to dismiss the extremists as small but vocal . 
  yeah i would , but i do n't know how to access the refresh option without the settings app xd, 
  very nice , that worked . 
  neat shortcut trick too . 
  thank you very much :d, 
  my search for `` itunes '' on the marketplace yielded only some 3rd party apps with limited functionality . 
  while some could emulate the functions that you want , i would not hold my breath . 
  on the other hand , if there 's a web interface for itunes you might be able to achieve what you want through the web browser . 
  and if there 's zune for mac and if it can sync it 's stuff with itunes , then you can probably sync your phone with zune , which means you 'll indirectly sync your phone with itunes :d, 
  can the disc be translated into sphere ? 
  if i was sitting in the centre of the earth 's core ( nevermind me burning to death ) would i age slower than everyone on the surface ? 
  for such high voltages it should suffice , no ? 
  although they probably do have breakers :p, 
  think he meant this thingy : [ air duct . 
  ] ( http://cdn.computeruniverse.net/media/images/300/9038857238e51990fe344194924d9244.jpg ), 
  a bit faster is not doing it justice . 
  on a mechanical drive , on my laptop , the initial boot times of the essential programs ( skype , steam , some driver utilities and the works ) takes about 2 minutes , before the os stabilizes enough for me to load up firefox and other work programs . 
  on my ssd in my pc it takes about 10 seconds . 
  the essentials are much more extensive and much less essential ( along with aforementioned there 's rainmeter , dropbox , ccc , some diagnostics utilities ) . 
  and ontop of the startups i also throw in firefox and winamp and it 's all up and running in mere seconds . 
  ask yourself this : was it ever funny ? 
  was it really ? 
  i know one way it is n't superior to the old menu ; it now takes 2 clicks to get to my sound settings and devices . 
  not really catastrophical , but still a bit of a nuisance :p, 
  goddamnit people . 
  [ get it together . 
  ] ( http://i01.i.aliimg.com/photo/v0/51693977/european_power_plug.jpg ), 
  is it only for wp8 ? 
  because it is n't detecting my phone . 
  that 's a bit counterproductive . 
  being high and having nothing to eat . 
  congratulations , you now have a cold . 
  yo dawg , i heard you like debunking debunking , so i put some debunking in your debunk debunking , so you can debunk debunking debunking while you debunk debunking . 
  disclaimer : i forgot at how many i was somewhere in the middle of that . 
  that 's what you use guest accounts for , my man . 
  i would not and will not let anyone ( and i mean anyone ) on my main . 
  want a computer ? 
  here 's a temp non admin account for ya . 
  they did n't ask for admin yet , maybe bcause they do n't have the nerve , or just because they 're computer illiterate . 
  might i suggest an accesory ? 
  a fan controller or some similar front panel gadget with fan control capabilities . 
  i 'm using [ scythe kazemaster ] ( http://www.scythe-usa.com/product/fan%20con/004/scytekazemasterproacefancontoroller.html ) . 
  it 's good , because it enables you to turn fans off completely . 
  which is useful if some start rattling , not pointing any fingers or naming any names * cough * top fan * cough * , and you 're able to fit all 4 stock fans and the cpu cooler one and you have a spare :d, 
  if i had to choose , it would be pentagony . 
  that 's what i like about my country 's regulations ; lights mandatory if you 're on the road . 
  it 's way easier to differentiate between parked and driving cars during the day , too . 
  no soliciting , go away !, 
  i forsee many dick pics in your orange envelope . 
  a shot in the dark here , but could it be that your receiver is too far or blocked by something metal/thick ? 
  i got my receiver on the table , stuck in a usb hub , not even half a meter from the keyboard and mouse . 
  playing tf is not an issue , there also is no issue with left click . 
  is there a protective layer so that the art does n't fade/isn ' t accidentally erased ? 
  if so , what 's it made of ? 
   women are n't `` crazy , '' people are .
