  are you a part of abstergo industries ? 
  i had that problem when i first bought my monitor . 
  and whenever i updated ccc . 
  why do they even do that by default ? 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  try a search for vesa mounts . 
  could be there 's a model for both the monitor and periphery . 
  why not ? 
  to retard means to slow in progress . 
  the word retard is not applicable exclusively in mental retardation . 
  by saying that something is retarded you basically ~ ~ mean ~ ~ say that it 's slow , backwards , outdated . 
  i seriously recommend considering 128 gig . 
  at least if you plan on installing any type of processing software and frameworks at all . 
  or any other software , apart from your browsers , music and video . 
  i had a 60gb drive and used it for os , visual studio , eclipse and all the requirements they demanded and it got crowded really fast . 
  also if you play minecraft at all , those saves can get really big really fast . 
  you have rear fog lights , yeah ? 
  those are bright enough to get the message through , if he forgot . 
  if he 's being a dick , you can pull over to the side , let him pass and be done with him . 
  if that 's not possible just break like a maniac a few times , untill he starts keeping a good enough safety distance . 
  holy shit that 's awesome . 
  and they have tons of data on the planes as well . 
  seriously ? 
  do you not have them or do you not use them ? 
  [ rear fog lights . 
  the worst id when you walk past a woman on a street and there 's a cloud of smelly shit following her . 
  maybe in a normal dosage it would smell nice enough , but when it makes me suffocate and makes my eyes water ( in the middle of a street , next to traffic ) it 's way too much . 
  eating something with tabasco on it . 
  after you get over the pain phase , there 's a tingling sensation on your tongue that just feels ... 
  pleasant . 
  like cuddling with your food . 
  i can just imagine you beating the guy with a flexible dildo , screaming `` why did you laugh more , willis ?!, 
  why did you laugh more ?! '', 
  maybe he stole his components . 
  that can bring down the build cost significantly . 
  more likely he 's just full of shit or does n't know what a component even is and got some for free from his big brother . 
  so you 're saying you do n't like it when software gives off decryption signals or when your decryption software runs a decrypted virus code ? 
  or when a hacker mastermind that can afford islands keeps his server hardware on wooden fucking pallets with cables just sprouting out of it ? 
  that whole movie was one big cringe for me . 
  when used the right ( or wrong , depending of your perspective ) way it 's just like drugs . 
  think similar to having a smoke . 
  you relax , you put your problems away , so they can grow and become bigger problems and you release some endorphins in your system . 
  and before you know it , it 's 2 am and you 've failed all your classes . 
  from afar it looks like the eye of sauron . 
  but they 're so pretty !, 
  i do n't even have that many problems with not reaching ram , i only have to detach the fan from the sink and i 'm there . 
  have n't cut myself yet either :d, 
  you can use the built in windows rdp . 
  port 3389 needs to be open on the host and you need to enable it in computer 's settings . 
  http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/turn-on-remote-desktop-in-windows-vista/ here 's the guide for enabling it . 
  after that you can connect from any windows from windows xp and newer ( have n't tested on 98 and earlier , but i can vouch for xp ) to your windows xp/vista/7 / 8 . 
  you can also connect from a linux os through a console command . 
  you connect through an application called remote desktop connection , installed on every xp and newer . 
  so on win7 you would type in remote and hit enter and that would start the program . 
  you then have to enter your home compter 's ip , after it connects it asks for your credentials and then you 're set . 
  you can view ( and control ) your desktop , your programs and you can listen to your audio through rdc , the responsiveness depends of the host and client internet speed . 
  you can not , however , play fullscreen applications ( games and such ) , since it 's not supported in the protocol . 
  note that metro style stuff works , just not any kind of 3d accelerated stuff ( minecraft for example ) . 
  also you will have to share any files through dropbox/mail since rdp does not support file sharing either . 
  to be fair , raiding in wow is quite similar to doing a hard drug . 
  it consumes most of your time , you disregard your work and yourself , you fight with your close ones about it and you just ca n't wait for your next fix . 
  do n't do drugs kids !, 
  and whatever you do , do not raid in wow . 
  i particularly do n't like it when you say `` the british and the europeans '' or any other distinction of britain from europe . 
  you 're every bit european as the rest of us and you 're not getting out , so just accept that the little puddle of water dividing us means nothing !, 
  one of us !, 
  or many of us rather . 
  is empornium down or am i doing something wrong ? 
  do n't know about that , but right now it 's live and kicking on empornium.me, 
  no , you did not nail it :d, 
  i think that 's because most ( modern ) motherboards only take a pulse to turn on , instead of continuous power . 
  maybe you can find a button that does n't lock in an on position to replace it with . 
  maybe a steel wire mesh ? 
  like the ones that are used to protect fruit tree roots from rodents . 
  much stronger to sustain pressure though . 
  i had an idea of harnessing the coolness of an underground river . 
  if your home happened to be built on top of one . 
  you would have to pull a few heatpipes to the water , stick a heatsink in , connect the bunch and you 'd have a quite efficient , silent and free cooling . 
  did you let out the period to make a point , or did you drop dead before completing the sentence ? 
  i need to know !, 
  someone once accused me of hacking when i murdered him repeatedly while he was cloaked . 
  i was a heavy . 
  saw him every time he cloaked and he came right at me . 
  i think you should stop . 
  you probably do n't wan na end up a twig like the rest of us . 
  how come you have the same word for south and man ? 
  you could get a permit and a projector and screen gay pornos in their face . 
  if they do n't give you the permit to screen it , you can just select some audio from it and blast it in their heads . 
  think about it , they 're doing the thing you hate most , so why not return the favor kindly ? 
  or this one : get a few loud and vicious looking dogs ( and their handlers , of course ) and just blockade with them as a challenge . 
  dogs can be really unnerving , because you know that they can fuck you up pretty badly and it 's your own damn fault for getting too close . 
  cool . 
  is there any difference in pronunciation , or do you just depend on the context to get the right message across ? 
  give them a name . 
  if you name them it does n't count . 
  that 's an amd proc . 
  i5 does n't have pins , the socket does . 
  and they are tiny little threads of weakness . 
  op : i dealt with the same issue as you , i could not reset the pins , because they were too fragile and just broke , you could try with some really small pincer , maybe you did n't stress them quite as much as me . 
  what you could do is ask for a replacement board , saying it was like that when you got it , or you could send it in for service , for them to replace your socket .
