  fuck knows . 
  maybe bad reasoning : `` well one more downvote wo n't do that much damage . '', 
  that 's an excessive amount of pain in a single sentence . 
  that 's a waste of a laptop . 
  you should be looking at sturdy steel pipes . 
  and the other half is violence . 
  you 're being generous . 
  this joke has been found in the dusty tomes from eons past . 
  it is said that tutankamon himself marked this jokes as `` lame and really not funny '' and then had the joker beheaded . 
  the adults are the ones that need shielding , children could n't give half a shit about it . 
  nice excuse though . 
  you know how you make a dog meow ? 
  you freeze him solid , then put him through a circular saw and he goes meoooooooooow !, 
  seat also has that kind of keys now . 
  exactly that kind , in fact . 
  you can exact revenge right now !, 
  or at the beginning of spring , when they start growing , they 're tastier then . 
  you read correctly , nettles are edible . 
  and pretty good . 
  all you have to do is blend the fuckers , add some eggs , fry it , and you have yourself a nettle omlette of sorts . 
  i understand the concept of the naming , but they ca n't change it or make a new one ? 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  thanks . 
  haha , you said penis . 
  people late to work keep their jobs where you live ? 
  upvote in save , hvala , 
  porridge ? 
  malazan book of the fallen . 
  all 9 of them . 
  with hookers and blackjack . 
  of course she would wear goggles !, 
  not a prerequisite . 
  we take our rhyming seriously here , sir . 
  yeah . 
  asshole 's fucking garages up all over the place . 
  earphones , that i can use as a garotte , wireless mouse that i can use to click shit from a distance and patrick jane that can convince zombies into doing stupid shit . 
  bring it . 
  bloggers ? 
  you needed the extended version to see that ? 
  it always pained my penis how frodo was painted as the great hero , while samwise got the background , got beating and got betrayed . 
  he did almost all the damn work , he deserves better damnit !, 
  km/h or kmph . 
  saying kph is like saying kilo per hour . 
  kilo what ? 
  kph does n't mean anything . 
  [ i beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/wtf-photos-videos-do-not-turn-it-on.jpg ), 
  how ? 
  or a broken beer bottle to the head . 
  diet red bulls . 
  like licking pussy through glass . 
  simply wipe from top to bottom ? 
  what 's the issue here ? 
  i bet at least one of those retards is anal about showering after every shit . 
  you do n't . 
  you use a clean towel . 
  they do ? 
  i have a solid 20 kilos or more to my box , so i 'm relying on lazy robbers that ca n't be arsed to pick it up . 
  the screen would be gone in an instant though . 
  as per encryption : truecrypt . 
  free , open source , not that simple , but manageable , good . 
  it 's for windows and linux and osx . 
  it can encrypt whole partitions , custom containers , even your os , it 's pretty cool . 
  they have extensive instructions for every type of encryption . 
  just try to encrypt a thumbdrive , before you go over to your main data drive , after that it 's simple . 
  a date ? 
  to the point : why not ? 
  usually you have a bed close to your computer in a room and you can simply turn the screen towards it and watch your flick in comfort . 
  he did n't say anything . 
  it 's some shit in the old testament that condemns gay relations . 
  i unsubscribed from til because of this shit . 
  now it 's coming to haunt me . 
  you 're on reddit . 
  which makes ray william johnson obsolete . 
  any and every vid he uses in = 3 has been on reddit , 4chan and 9gag days before his shoot . 
  and his jokes suck . 
  combine the two and you have pointless content . 
  i suppose there 's enough people that are n't on these sites and enjoy a little update every now and then . 
  and that 's his user base . 
  the irony is , that you just described til . 
  jk , there 's some actually interesting content in til . 
  just not a lot . 
  but but ... 
  they 're so nice and pretty and cute and you just wan na squeeze and pet them :d, 
  pretty much . 
  you can get some quality porn and you can all watch it and merrily jerk off . 
  in all seriousness , when you have the `` get to know eachother '' party/coffee/lunch / whatever ) you can talk about it . 
  ask first if they heard it , then explain why you 've been doing it so frequently , then say you 're gon na stick a large ball of something in the vent next time . 
  the only way to get over a problem is to talk about it . 
  the problem being your embarassment over how frequently you mastrubate , not you mastrubating . 
  you mastrubating 's fine and if they do n't like it , fuck 'em . 
  do n't even consider the `` expectations '' and `` propriety '' . 
  those are the two things getting in the way of your happiness . 
  disregard them , try it and if he bites then yay , if he does n't , then you 're at the same point you were before and have lost nothing . 
  in other words : life 's too short and you have nothing to lose . 
  to reply to your original question : i 'd be happy you asked me out and probably say yes , if i liked you . 
  or if i did n't . 
  because i 'm desperate . 
  and horny . 
  it 's not ?
