  i 'd go for stupid on this one . 
  i mean . . 
  the rocket scientist there went to cut a propane tank with a blowtorch . 
  i 've never welded/cut anything with a blowtorch in my life but i 'm at least 12 % sure that open flames do n't go well with gas containers . 
  except you do n't act on that idea , because you 're a sane human being . 
  if you were so off the chain that you 'd just take these ideas and try em out , then even a news report would be too much for you to handle ( think extremists beheading people ) . 
  which algorithm though ? 
  if it 's not a secret , of course . 
  cool . 
  now do it on android . 
  just kidding , do n't do it on android . 
  i did some face detection with cascade classifiers myself and if you 're ever developing the application further , i suggest you take a look at detectionbasedtracker ( trades accuracy and movement resistance for speed ) and lbp cascades ( approximately 20 stages in comparison with haar 's 100 or more for marginally lower accuracy ) . 
  awesome application though :d, 
  opencv is a pain in the ass to set up on android though , that 's what the `` do n't do it '' part was about . 
  imagine applying this to movies . 
  the producers would be able to make a movie into an interactive experience , like some videogame cutscenes are . 
  to tell you the truth , if i ever lost a leg in a car crash or something ( hope i never will , but if i did ... ) , you can bet your ass i 'd take the opportunity to become a motherfucking pirate !, 
  with a ship and everything !, 
  fixing a problem someone had with their computer . 
  the amount of relief on both sides is quite high . 
  but those are the most tried and tested needles out there !, 
  pustim ga. 
  the visitors , however ... 
  this puts the `` no good deed goes unpunished '' saying into perspective , does n't it ? 
  phenomenal ? 
  you know , you do n't have to pay per letter when you write the title , it 's all free . 
  utf ? 
  you ca n't just tease everyone with volume normalization and then describe it as `` somewhere in windows '' . 
  it 's under playback devices  properties ( of your speakers )  enhancement  loudness equalization . 
  tested on win8 .1 , works well and i like it . 
  i 'm keeping it . 
  so the question that automatically presents itself is ; can i make this at home to cool my cpu ? 
  could it be ( has it been ) done on a small scale ? 
  are n't gpus the same as cpus ( physically ) and the rest of the graphics card ( pcb , ram , cooling etc. ), 
  is what the motherboard is to the cpu ? 
  probably . 
  batteries . 
  holy shit !, 
  commit < =  commie !, 
  it was all a ruse !, 
  this is fantastic !, 
  thanks for making it . 
  in windows 10 it 's not limited to 4 digits . 
  the thing that bothers me with the pin system in win10 is the fact that when you type in the length of the pin , it automatically goes to verification , without you pressing enter ( if you had a 4 digit pin all you had to do is enter 4 digits and it automatically unlocked your pc ) which makes it more vulnerable , because the attacker can easily determine the length of the pin . 
  i 'm going to jerk off and go to work in two days . 
  does that count ? 
  well there was an ama with jordan once where he said the skits are impromptu . 
  unless he was lying . 
  would an iron mesh help ( inside the concrete ) ? 
  that 's what 's usually done to make concrete resilient . 
  get a bottle , stick blueberries and sugar in it , let it simmer for two days , add moonshine , let it soak for a few weeks . 
  and this is my source : http://www.kulinarika.net/forum/topic.asp?topic_id=810 there 's a bunch of recipes there ( everyone has their own way ) but all in slovene , hope google translate can help you with that . 
  so basically ; you have a girlfriend and you came to this sub to rub it in . 
  there 's this you may be interested in : http://www.slovenia.info/en/adrenalinski-parki.htm?adrenalinski_parki=0&amp;lng=2&amp;redirected=1, 
  and it seems the rest of that site has some info that you might be interested in . 
  even with mp3s ? 
  i just want to say , that i think it 's absolutely amazing that the game can handle all that abuse without some fatal exception happening . 
  so amazing programming there :d, 
  skype was n't always this bad ... getting worse though . 
  right ? 
  like when i try to sing along a song i like . 
  so ... simulations and cad ? 
  a quote . 
  is that actual syntax ? 
  please ... say it aint so . 
  a bit of googling gave me this ( i 'm not cultured enough to vouch that it 's the right one though ) : http://www.kns.ba/s/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=932&amp;itemid=61, 
  glorjana veber - nau\u010deni \u010das ( taught time ) . 
  this needs a jumpscare . 
  check out their da site , there 's much , much more where that came from . 
  `` good afternoon balla dope pushers !, 
  grove street ogs come do damage ! '', 
  even on my shitty speakers it sounds good . 
  would that kind of algorithm be open to an attack with a signal ? 
  for example , you used your rng for multi level authentication and i had a powerful transmitter on the other side of the wall from your server , would i be able to predict the randomly generated numbers based on my input signal to your pin ? 
  '' ... requires some thought cause . . you got ta be ready . . '' cause you never know when there 's gon na be a motherfucker using a chain to drag a log along the road . 
  climbing . 
  if you aint chill , you might wan na stay on the ground . 
  i got one like that , there 's a textbox in a system we 're using in our work and after you put in the id of the thing you 're looking for , you have to click the search button . 
  how many time have i pasted the id in , pressed enter and sat there waiting like an idiot ( the server is also slow as fuck so it 's easy to confuse the lack of response with lag ) . 
  `` i will brandish the blandest man 's anguish with a rammed fist , directed at the throat of any man that can withstand this ! '', 
  amd has something like shadowplay and that is `` amd gaming evolved '' , formerly known as `` raptr '' . 
  it basically support filming games and filming highlights ( e.g. 
  last 30 seconds ) . 
  i 've been using it and i have n't noticed performance drops and the output file is relatively small ( 140mb for 30s ) and 1080p , up to 60fps ( my recording were around 50 ) . 
  it 's not completely seamless , you have to do some setting up and there 's no desktop recording ( that i 'm aware of ) but other than that it 's pretty good . 
  so . . why not just throw cement and shit into the leaking well itself ? 
  why make another pipe ? 
  yes . 
  you 're welcome . 
  newer games usually use most or all of them . 
  source : i have cpu monitoring on my secondary screen and when playing for example witcher 3 or gta5 i can see the cpu load spread evenly ( ish ) accross cpu cores . 
  in comparison , tf2 , which uses an older source engine , will load only one core . 
  not sure how well the new games can use 12 physical cores , but in case of 4 physical/8 logical cores the load spread is quite evident , so i 'd say we 're getting there in terms of games using multithreading , 
  you do n't need j to go to x-1 though . 
  you only need it to go to x/2 . 
  if by then you have n't found an integer denominator , then the number is prime , smallest integer denominator - aside from 1 - being 2 . 
  and just like that , you save half your processing . 
  is n't that worth fighting for ? 
  is n't that worth dying for ? 
  people want and expect star wars to be the highest , most exquisite work of art out there , but i feel like it never aspired to be that .
