  i 've a solution : you should be fed to your dog !, 
  everyone wins . 
  except for you . 
  fuck you , 
  meant for the poster in the picture , not the op here . 
  replace insane with absolutely awesome and you 're very much right . 
  origin who ? 
  these guys give out free shit !, 
  welcome to america , where men are men , women are women and everybody 's terrorist . 
  this . 
  i noticed no difference in usage of the ssd vs. other hard drives and after a year it still works . 
  usually there 's one ( sometimes two ) connector for case fan on the motherboard , that one you can control through bios or a third party application in the os . 
  when you have more than one ( or sometimes two ) case fans , you 'll have to hook them up directly to the psu . 
  usually either the case come with molex  3pin adapters or you get it with the fan ( if you bought it separately ), 
  if you want to control the fan rpm , you can use ( besides the one or sometimes two motherboard plugs ) a so-called `` fan controller '' like this : http://www.scythe-usa.com/product/fan%20con/001/scytheusa-productskq01-5.25.html, 
  or you can get yourself different variations with other useful things on them like e-sata or usb connectors aswell as the fan controls . 
  hope that answers your question . 
  * strokes ego fondly *, 
  on the bright side , that driveway is awesome , you could park 5 cars next to eachother and none would be on the road . 
  wait what ? 
  dogs snap off their dicks in other dogs ' cavities to block the said cavities ? 
  oh yeah i forgot to write i already tried unplugging all of the drives xd did n't try the usb devices , that sounds interesting . 
  i 'm also gon na try to update the ssd firmware , maybe that will budge it . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  at this rate america wo n't have any presidential candidates left by the time election comes . 
  not that that 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  merry christmas motherfucker . '', 
  [ ] ( / solution ), 
  after a day of work , most of it pointless , i have fixed the freaking pc . 
  the porblem was : i do n't know what the problem was , all i know is that active @ killdisk that was running in an os on a secondary drive successfully eliminated the problem . 
  after i killed the ssd , i was able to reinstall windows and got another error , that bootsect is missing , but that was repairable with a repair cd . 
  thank you all for your help and have a nice day . 
  you guys are awesome . 
  well basically plug the ssd in , put the windows cd in , install windows on the ssd , select the ssd as first boot device in bios and you 're set . 
  also i think you should be able to install by simply plugging in the dvd while running windows on the old drive and use the installer . 
  you can also transfer settings from the old windows onto usb ( it 's a windows function , so you have to boot from the old one ) and then - i do n't know what you do with the usb cause i never tried it , but it 's probably awesome . 
  well you could do it manually . 
  but if you want to transfer the settings to the new windows install , you have to put them on a thumbdrive first and then use the data on the new installation . 
  just type `` transfer '' in start search bar and you 'll see the `` windows easy transfer '' program . 
  after that you can shift + delete the windows folders on the old drive , although you might run into problems , where you have to take ownership and permissions of the folders . 
  after that 's done you might want to remove the boot for the old drive , which you can do by running msconfig ( through the start search bar ) and deleting the old drive 's boot . 
  it 's messy and long , but it gets the job done . 
  you could also transfer all of documents/music/vids to a temporary storage and format the old drive . 
  you have to set the ssd as the first boot device in bios . 
  ca n't tell you the exact instructions since bioses differ , but it 's usually pretty straightforward . 
  let 's see here ... 
  the strangest problems always solve themselves :d, 
  if you have unlimited funds , you should try out [ immersion cooling ] ( http://www.maximumpc.com/article/features/hardcorepc_reactor ) . 
  or a server rack with ultiple motherboards and a single os . 
  should be fun to see the performances on that . 
  no they do n't . 
  take them off :d, 
  i increased max posts shown from 25 to 100 . 
  or put it on a usb drive and install from there . 
  screw them . 
  you 're a retailer , make an online shop and sell from there . 
  mind you , you 'd have to have a tip top website for it to get off the ground . 
  yeah ... you maybe could get an investor or two , since the niche is n't all that filled . 
  so if i have tons of applications open all the time and still want my computer to manage any heavy assingment i throw at it , the 6 core cpu would be better ? 
  because they do n't give a sh - it worked so far and there does n't seem to be any need for change . 
  personally , i moved my documents to a folder that is n't getting sodomised by any applications , to keep it organized . 
  aside from that , why ca n't savegames be in the install folder ? 
  that way you do n't lose them when you have to format the os drive to recover from an error . 
  to think that 's all plantations . 
  they turned all of the hills into plantations . 
  like : `` fuck you hill , you 're now a plantation ! '', 
  i was shot in the dick . 
  faith in humanity has reached negative values . 
  what a relentless dickhole . 
  a decent guy would have at least some remorse . 
  sickens me that there are narcissistic assholes like him out there . 
  mic ? 
  oh right , thanks :d, 
  dat power socket design !, 
  xd why does every serious thread have to turn out like this ? 
  makes me wan na rip their hearts out and shove them down their throats . 
  after patient explanations , sometimes the solution is a stern slap in the face . 
  they need it . 
  the question now is ... how do we nuke them for it ? 
  thank god for that shit . 
  i could feel my iq dropping during the read , but it was too funny to stop xd, 
  everyone else had to do the assingment , but she was discriminated against ? 
  did i miss something , is the new definition of discrimination `` not getting everything you demand '' ? 
  oh and does anyone else thinks that this is a prime example of narcissism ? 
  and on a related note : [ geller ] ( http://images2.fanpop.com/image/photos/12200000/paris-paris-geller-12269803-500-375.jpg ), 
  she probably hurt his vagina , to warrant that response . 
  well americans , the rest of the world learned english . 
  be nice and do something in return for us . 
  nah it 's probably just a result of fracking . 
  have you tried turning it off an on again ? 
  seriously though , you could try unplugging the power for a while ( 20 minutes or so ) . 
  otherwise it might be the mobo that 's fried . 
  or the psu , although i kinda doubt that , since you only wired the mobo wrong . 
  it could also be the processor , since it worked for a while . 
  overheating maybe ? 
  you could try a different psu . 
  if not working , replace the motherboard and if that does n't work it 's the cpu and it 's faulty cooling . 
  the soviet onion is superrior to all other , dekadent western onion , yes ? 
  as a scythe fanboy , i approve of this build . 
  i come to the [ build complete ] threads for the pics .
