  aaaand thread . 
  well that was disappointing . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lc1lrz5z_s ) , for anyone that wanted some fine classical music . 
  about the unable sex because period ; shower sex is not an option ? 
  because attaching a tractor to the base of a fully rooted tree is a great idea . 
  everybody knows you do n't need any sort of leverage when trying to uproot shit . 
  my 800 did something like that once , after i shut it off . 
  try plugging it into power , see if anything happens . 
  the main crossroads . 
  `` yeah ? 
  and you look like a man . 
  buy a mirror and shave your fucking moustache , ya mangy bitch . '', 
  any chance there was some sort of bios reset ? 
  i had something like that when my bios reset after some oc and i did n't set the sata back to ahci mode . 
  it 's a longshot , but worth looking into . 
  bananas . 
  whenever there 's bananas , there 's no bananas half an hour later . 
  which industry is that ? 
  i do n't google , i bing !, 
  amazing beauty and sexyness combined :d also the car is n't bad either . 
  she looks sexy is what i think . 
  also nice choice on going with a colour tattoo . 
  makes it more vivid . 
  where 's that from anyways ? 
  definetly . 
  `` the customer is always right '' is true to an extent . 
  which does not extend to you slapping people just because they do n't let you get away with your bullshit . 
  the woman sounds like a disgusting human being . 
  low level programming my man , low level programming . 
  without the knowledge of low level programming , you ca n't make good ( functional and optimised ) high level programs . 
  source : i make bad high level programs . 
  not saying the books are revolutionary , but the movie is a crime against humanity . 
  from the story differing completely , to bad acting , to just being ... bad . 
  also harry potter series . 
  not too bad if you never read any of the pieces , but if you did , you will notice that a lot of the story , the events and just the general feel is missing . 
  mostly because they had to condense 600 page books into an hour and a half and i would imagine that 's nigh impossible . 
  same thing i do every friday . 
  go home , be with my family for a bit . 
  avoid my family for the rest of the day and play some vidya games . 
  i could not give less of a fuck about the world ending/not ending . 
  well since you 've asked here 's what i do : nothing . 
  my hand is the only thing that 's on the table , the rest of the arm is bent at the wrist and relaxed off the table . 
  never had problems or pains before , hoping i wo n't have any in the future . 
  frequent flexing probably helps too , maybe you could try that . 
  also have a look at scythe kaze master . 
  their perk is that you can turn off your fans completely . 
  we have reddit comments for that . 
  screw reading . 
  what about \u0161truklji ? 
  was going to suggest that , because they 're delicious . 
  1 ) use a planetwide emp ( s ) - hey i 'm travelling interstellary , i have emps , ok ? 
  2 ) wait for the idiots to kill eachother, 
  3 ) help the smart ones to kill eachother, 
  4 ) take all the shit i can carry , now that there 's no opposition, 
  5 ) go home, 
  6 ) come back and burn the place , for good measure, 
  on my watch list now . 
  thanks , 
  just as i thought , i saw most of it and it cant be that bad , you proved me dead wrong . 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  was about to say that . 
  it 's like they decided to make a page for tablets and said `` screw people with actual computers '' . 
  malazan book of the fallen . 
  all of them . 
  but that 's a given , since you ca n't just read one . 
  write him a thank you note that says : `` i ca n't tell what the fuck your writing says '' . 
  yeah you can totally tell by some of the pixels . 
  it has to do with the way it 's displayed , if i understood correctly i alternates between changing odd and even rows of pixels and p changes all of the rows progressively . 
  rss is a way of content delivery ( kind of ) . 
  google reader is an rss reader , there 's more like it out there , just that greader is one of the best . 
  they can be a life ( or rather sanity ) saver when a mobo refuses to boot from the usb . 
  probably by being literally hitler . 
  depends of router bandwidth cap , does n't it ? 
  if she were using all 100mb/s ( or 1000mb/s if you have a fancyfuck router ) , then it could cripple the rest of the network , but as far as i know , simply loading files via lan does not use up that much bandwidth . 
  therefore , unless you have a 100/100 connection and rely upon all of it , it should n't be noticeable . 
  could it be that you 're too far from the table ? 
  if your arms are too stretched , then your shoulders are working , for a little test , you could try a different chair , one that can go way further under the table and sit with your torso right next to the edge of it . 
  the table . 
  the edge of the table . 
  not at all , i just tried to add some humor to the post . 
  looks like i failed miserably though . 
  it saves a little bit of space . 
  useful if you have 20 functions and no time to scroll . 
  i do all my functions like that and on top of that , i avoid using brackets at for loops like the plague . 
  after you get used to reading it , it 's great . 
  so uhhh ... how did you get the pieces out ? 
  after the menthol is in your mouth and you breathe in air , the air feels colder than it actually is . 
  is this due to the receptors being irritated ? 
  does menthol also act as sort of a cold amplifier ? 
  did you . . downvote yourself ? 
  if you 're going to spend a lot of time on windows , i recommend a larger ssd . 
  i could n't believe how fast 60 gigs were filled , but they were . 
  all i was installing was the utilities ( browsing , communication , dropbox types and similar ) and i did some programming . 
  so if you 're going to do anything like that , think of 120gb . 
  ca n't say the same for the osx drive , since i do n't know anything about the os though . 
  talk about overacting and polishing a turd . 
  what about gold cables ? 
  or gold heatsinks ? 
  a clusterfuck of keys ( i will need each of them , eventually ) , wallet , cell phone , chapstick ( usually i have really fucked up lips ) and some chewing gum ( airwaves extreme for my extremely bad breath ) . 
  if there 's any temporary items , i usually forget i have them and wash them along with my pants .
