  sounds about right . 
  all 6 of us like it . 
  except susan . 
  it 's way easier to access your components in a big tower . 
  i had to take out the psu to take out the mobo in the mid i had before and i could barely plug in my front pannel connectors with my hand before . 
  also there 's your airflow , your cable routing and your general awesomeness of having a big motherfucking case , which can usually make up for a small penis . 
  how about r/mildlyamusing . 
  we all know macs ca n't internet . 
  anybody knows if vlc can be hacked to play youtube playlists ? 
  it can have either good lyrics or a good beat . 
  it 's way better if both are good , but if either is lacking , i can block out the other :d, 
  my definition of good lyrics is something real . 
  if the artist is pouring out his soul over the track , i can listen to it . 
  or if he 's rapping about something that 's important to me , like world events or the society , and not just himself . 
  anecdotes about the artist 's life are good to listen . 
  once . 
  not over and over with different variations , in every track he publishes . 
  you should take this post with a grain of salt though . 
  it is , after all , only my opinion and your definitions could be completely different . 
  could be that you plugged it in a sata 3gb/s slot . 
  that basically means it 's capped at 375 mb/s transfer ( correct me if i 'm talking bullshit , but i believe that 's how it works ) and if there 's a hdd present , it could be eating into the bandwidth even more . 
  if your mobo has sata 6gb/s , try using that . 
  if not , you could look into a pci/pci-e sata expansion cards ( i remember watching a vid of someone using it for his 24 ssd setup ) . 
  so if he tries to turn on your computer and sees `` windows failed to boot '' , you can grill him for breaking your computer . 
  just imagine saying `` did you just break my fucking computer ?! '', 
  and him staring blankly with `` i 'm sorry , i do n't - '' face . 
  maybe you 'd even get compensation out of the ordeal . 
  which would be epic , i might add . 
  if you have to be 21 to drink ... did you really win ? 
  do you plan to enable login and get watch inbox ? 
  no breakers ? 
  i saw them one on a a pepsi , but only on pepsi . 
  and i do n't drink pepsi . 
  it 's a good idea though , hopefully other will pick up on it . 
  there is , yes . 
  would she ever be able to fall asleep then ? 
  i remember trying to sleep on my back , started snoring and it felt like i was choking with my own tongue . 
  2 stories :, 
  1 ) remember those old ass msn trojans that said `` is that you in the picture ? '', 
  i clicked the link . 
  i downloaded it . 
  i unrared it . 
  i ran the . exe and i got the virus . 
  it basically spammed the link to everyone online , it cancelled my pages loading ( was still on ie at the time ) and if i killed the process , it would just start up again . 
  after a day of messing with the av scan that could n't remove the files , i managed to delete them manually . 
  after the restart , the infected files were back and that 's when i learned how to format . 
  2 ) there was once a javascript site , that showed 3 naked old guys shagging ( think lemonparty ) , played some annoying noise and moved your browser window around your screen . 
  if that was n't bad enough , when you finally managed to hit the red x to close the window , it just showed a messagebox and went on . 
  had to kill the process in task manager and restart the browser . 
  firefox , at the time , had a great feature that enabled the user to restore closed tabs . 
  i used that feature . 
  twice . 
  after that i managed to discipline myself into clicking no when it asked if i wanted to restore the goddamned tabs . 
  whooptiedoo , who gives a fuck -_-, 
  it was said that for continuous use compressed air is n't the best , because of the chemicals in it . 
  some cheap air compressor may be better and an investment , since it would just pump the free air around it . 
  probably one of the ugliest and impractical sites on the web . 
  george lucas is the one with billions of dollars . 
  morons are the ones with kids . 
  it 's not perfect ? 
  1 ) pucker up, 
  3 ) swallow, 
  no better way to say thanks . 
  `` i do n't have the time or the inclination to deal with your shit . '', 
  then walk away ... 
  why ? 
  but then we would get `` look at how much karma i got for my last lame post #swag '' . 
  1 step forward and 1 step back . 
  karma should not be visible , even to the user . 
  i 've got two different monitors and run games on the main while having rainmeter graphs and task manager opened on the secondary . 
  the only maintenance is that you need to set the resolution in the game to your main 's desktop resolution , if it does n't detect it right away ( some games do n't ) . 
  you should be fine , unless the driver tries to force eyefinity on the three monitors , although you should probably be able to turn it off . 
  is n't that universe set into [ two decades past ] ( http://www.hp-lexicon.org/timeline.html ) though ? 
  interwebz was n't all that big back then , so it might contribute . 
  apparently when a community gets big enough , they become intolerant of others . 
  so lame . 
  if you 're not against some bondage you could try squirting virgins ( not actual virgins ) or with no bondage we 've got exploited college girls . 
  and there 's a few matching vids in ftv collection . 
  i 'm quite sure there 's demand and supply of virgin fucking fetish , so i wanted to clarify that this is not part of that fetish :p, 
  but you got poisonous spiders and reptiles and shit . 
  you 're operating under the assumption i 'm an american !, 
  i 'm not :p, 
  we do n't have any of that . 
  except rabies , but those are controlled through vaccinations . 
  small font , red colour on that background and the photo quality is shit ?!, 
  what the fuck were they thinking ? 
  nice find . 
  i bet that was the point of the message ... to see who would get it . 
  all hail the trollords . 
  i know this could come off as a stupid question , but let 's do a thorough process of elimination ; did you connect the cpu_fan on the motherboard to the psu fan plug ? 
  that 's interesting , never heard of it :d is it exclusive to asrock mobos ? 
  that 's good , because that would have killed your motherboard . 
  idk though , check for shorts , is there a screw under the mobo ? 
  did you use arctic silver and dripped some on the cpu contacts ? 
  is any of the socket contacts bent ? 
  any moisture ? 
  if there 's absolutely , positively no shorts then it could be the psu or the mobo just being a pos . 
  do n't bullshit me homie , those are mushrooms . 
  that type of shit is why i 'm glad that there 's thing like youtube comment snob addons . 
  hide all comments is what made the videos twice as enjoyable .
