  next time i 'll hear a perfectly good song ( apart from the hey guys ) i 'll automatically hate it . 
  dick . 
  oh and god for-fucking-bid you `` used a meme wrong '' !, 
  as if it 's of the utmost importance and the perpetrator of wrongful meme usage is the lowest cretin of them all . 
  they made fucking instructional presentations for this shit , for christ 's sake . 
  to add a bit to all the other comments : they do n't . 
  you can always interpret an exe as a program , written in assembly ( which is a series of processor-level commands , that are very hard for a human to read ) and figure out how it works . 
  that 's how cracks are made ; the cracker has the . exe , finds the part that handles drm and turns it off . 
  note that doing that is quite difficult , due to reasons listed in / u/barracuda415 's comment and it 's next to impossible to figure out the algorithms used and steal them for your own program , just from the assembly code . 
   ... if the mistakes made in the sostanj 6 project ... 
  `` mistakes '' . 
  all rats are now born with gattling guns they can control and reload as they eat ( their metabolism also produces bullets ) . 
  as they grow , the gattling guns grow with them . 
  they do n't stop growing until they die . 
  well she has money to give . 
  to me . 
  because reasons . 
  does that work at all ? 
  normally whenever you develop for something , you have to develop more specifically . 
  now you 're telling me that an application for desktop can run on a mobile as well ? 
  just like that ? 
  no additional customization and adaptation ? 
  i 'll fuck you harder than eclipse fucked me today and twice as many times . 
  it 's risky , though , as it gives highly unrealistic expectations . 
  i 'm intrigued ... what did you make the pumpin do ? 
  is it a bionic pumpkin ? 
  you raise a lot of questions with your comment . 
  well , have fun with eclipse and remember ; the essential tool for working with eclipse is hard liquor . 
  gpu and memory intensive as well . 
  the 2 gigs of vram your graphics card has got ? 
  gone . 
  those 12 gigabytes of ram you had to spare ? 
  gone . 
  although that this was all with a modpack and custom textures , so you could optimize it for speed , if you did n't do that , i was just amazed at how quickly it ate all the ram i was able to give it . 
  it has plenty of dedotated wam , but no matter how much wam you give it , it just plops it 's fat ass all over it . 
  i 'm guessing that 's the result of having no official api or programming guidelines for the mods . 
  why do you think normal people ca n't do this ? 
  for myself , i know , that i 've changed my opinions on things , when i found some new facts on them . 
  i sure as as shit do n't hold the same retarded , ignorant opinions my 14 year old self did . 
  do i lack integrity ? 
  probably , but i know for a fact , that i know next to nothing about anything , so whatever i think about something is probably wrong . 
  the only thing i want to know is why 's there cumstains on their windshield ? 
  judging by this site : http://www.budget.si/ it should be a breeze . 
  if you want to compare prices , just google rent a car slovenija and it 'll show you a bunch of these wonderful bastards . 
  do you know what kind of pieces of crap they usually use in university labs though ? 
  he 's lucky to have 2.0 . 
  but yeah , that movie was basically a 2 hour metaphor , like the ones you usually see in a feelgood video on youtube . 
  be smart , be good , be god . 
  use usb . 
  do drugs . 
  do they really have 5 grams of sugar though ? 
  the whole damn thing did n't look like 5 grams . 
  what exactly does apt-get even do ? 
  i used it briefly when i tried to code c++ in linux and it seemed like some black magic to me . 
  apt-get package and it automatically downloads binaries for your distribution ? 
  anything that works is superior to windows update . 
  but still , how do apps get added to the apt ? 
  is it like a standard system with a central server registry ? 
  with my brief experience with apt i was just amazed at how you type in a command and shit just works . 
  buying a cheap tool vs. buying the cheapest tool can mean the difference between using it occasionally and breaking it the first time you use it . 
  in some countries we 're legally bound to put on snow tires after 15.11 . 
  prevents a fair bit of disasters from happening and i ca n't even imagine a winter with regular tires on . 
  i do n't . 
  cons for manual : you have to manually shift , which takes time , effort and thought and who wants that after 8 hours of working for an asshole boss that thinks he 's the shit , while driving the company into the ground . 
  pros for manual : you ~ ~ avoid ~ ~ lower the incidents where people drive into buildings because they 've panicked . 
  and you got something to do while driving ( which contradicts the con , but still ) . 
  true . 
  so the only con that remains is it 's a pain in the dick to learn . 
  unless they used a vpn , maybe ? 
  if you 're this bad at driving , get a smaller fucking car !!!, 
  i mean ... 
  he ca n't even grasp the concept of turning the wheel all the way to the left and yet he absolutely needs the biggest goddamn car he can get . 
   zuckerman later apologized for the unforeseen nuisance pop-up ads had evolved into . 
  he thinks he can just apologize . 
  the fucking nerve . 
  they cost a lot do n't they ? 
  that , or you make it multiplayer . 
  making a pirated game work in multiplayer is so convoluted and buggy that it 's just not worth it and you 're better off buying the game . 
  what happened ? 
  play the game . 
  you have to have some measuring device , that interacts and interferes with the experiment . 
  i mean you do n't observe with some giant eye next to the slit , right ? 
  we do measure stuff all the time , but to some extent you do fuck it up . 
  for example when you measure electric current , it 's a little bit lower than it would have been because of the instrument that is now in the circuit . 
  or if you measure temperature , it changes a little , because you 've introduced a cooler/hotter measuring probe to the system . 
  when talking about the smallest particles in the universe , the effect of the change that the instrument introduces to the system is much larger , because of the scale . 
  it 's not the observation that 's the problem it 's the method of the observation . 
  i do agree that i do n't know enough specifics to lecture you about this , it 's just my interpretation of the problem . 
  so what you 're saying is : no jetpacks . 
  but they said the 'd call me in a week or two and then they did n't . 
  and then they gave me a job offer one and a half months later . 
  weirdos . 
  then you truly are free . 
  but seriously , do n't try , do n't get used to it , cause you 'll be doing it all the time then , to the point where uncracked knuckles will start to feel uncomfortable . 
  then it 's just another nuisance . 
  yeah they are . 
  maybe the rope ( cable ? 
  hopefully ) between the buildings is far to the left ? 
  ca n't make it out of the five whole pixels of the video , but it 's plausible . 
  find what works and stick to it .
