  if you 're living in a place where people have a certain mindset which is harmful to you , then the only real solution is to move to a place with a different mindset . 
  people wo n't change . 
  his whole town wo n't change . 
  maybe in a few generations , but that 's kinda long . 
  if he was another minority living in the same hostile conditions , then i 'd still recommend a migration . 
  maybe it 's not that easy , but still easier than living your life in fear and anguish , that is so bad that you have to vent yourself on the internet . 
  yes , but that tends to lead to generalization . 
  if you 're amuslim , you 're aterrorist , if you 're a christian you 're a condescending bigot , if you 're rich you 're a smug idiot , if you 're poor you 're stupid and worthless and so on . 
  i 've seen people go on an all out rampage on a post by a christian guy who was politely asking a simple question . 
  that 's not just talking about it or even fighting against dscrimination , that 's stooping to your respective foe 's level and becoming the bully . 
  you deserve an upload . 
  onion should put a disclaimer at the end of these vids . 
  too many ~ ~ people ~ ~ morons buy this . 
  too late . 
  and if you ever seen these things , they 're not like the good old days when you could flatten them with a hammer and then just straighten them with your finger . 
  now they 're hair thin . 
  i tried using a needle to straighten one and it broke off as soon as i touched it . 
  flimsy crap . 
  just the mobo , the cpu is fine . 
  that could actually work   even though it 's immoral , it could work . 
  thanks . 
  good to know at least some are still making them sturdy  gigabyte sure as hell does n't . 
  yeah . 
  wanted it future proof . 
  i still got a bad aftertaste from buying an asus for a 100 $ and them discontinuing the support right after win7 came out . 
  this one 's actually mid-end , gigabyte sniper is 380 $ and it 's got like 4 16xpcie slots , 6ddr3 sockets and such . 
  now that 's an overkill , if you ask me . 
  cakes . 
  i hate cakes . 
  it 's foam with suggar in it . 
  makes me burp and i wan na throw up after i eat any . 
  i still think it 's the map-hat hybrid , they just tricked us to believe otherwise . 
  why making bees the bad guys ? 
  bees are cool man . 
  use wasps instead . 
  those things are bastards . 
  half of those were facestabs , what the fuck ? 
  what if you used the radiator and some boat propeller type screws scaled to fit the purpouse . 
  the radiators could be on top and on the sides there would be pipes or some other machinations for the cooler oil to run to the bottom and get punched into components with screws again . 
  that 's what i was thinking of when mentally designing the thing . 
  sit in a whatnow ? 
  is it something silly like those starbux , that the younguns are talking about these days ? 
  when i shot a rocket at a cp that was full of enemies and it turned out to be a crit rocket . 
  wiped them out . 
  teamwork ? 
  i ca n't be selfish if i teamwork :p, 
  gaming wireless with 100 $ ? 
  you 're fucked . 
  i can pretty much vouch for logitech performance fx and k350 for gaming ( the reason i suck at fpses is my lack of skill and not my mouse ) . 
  k350 lasts for very long with one battery , and you can charge performance while using it using a cable . 
  it 's gon na cost you about 130 though . 
  do n't take my word for it , i have n't checked any of the current prices . 
  if performance is n't enough i read a while ago of some new logitech mouse that works on the same principals , but is leaning more towards gaming ( performance is heaven for browsing , 
  oh and they 're both gon na get dirty really fast . 
  old skin/sweat smudges are especially nasty , contrasting with black . 
  take the cpu out and check the socket for damage . 
  i had similar symptoms and broken pins were the cause . 
  the whole reserch was flawed . 
  the reason those men turned dumber was that they were nervous and wanted to make as good impression as possible . 
  if a woman were to present something to a guy she fancies , she would n't fare much better than these guys . 
  the only real conclusion they made here is that women do n't give a rat 's ass if a stranger 's looking at them through a webcam . 
  or that , yes . 
  [ here you go . 
  okay maybe i was overselling the description a bit , it 's pretty cluttered so most people would bolt if they seen it , but it works for me , since i like lots of information at the tip of my finger . 
  left monitor is for work , so it always has a maximized window on , while right is for auxiliary info . 
  and it looks a lot better than the grainy , compressed jpeg . 
  and not even just hit him , but split his damn lip !, 
  if that does n't deserve some repercussions then i do n't know what does . 
  vagina or not you do n't just go and beat the shit out of people . 
  if it 's silver it wo n't harm the cooling . 
  right ? 
  although even if it is silver that 's too much . 
  could break the heatsink fastenings . 
  the corner calendar [ on deviantart ] ( http://browse.deviantart.com/?qh=&amp;section=&amp;q=corner+calendar#/d2sq6jf ) has a hover function . 
  maybe you can get it from there ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  really ? 
  saddlechair ? 
  looks funny xd although that can be forgiven if it 's good for the back . 
  one thing that helped me was playing solider . 
  i made it a sport to do `` trickshots '' , right over the ground , tightly past obstacles , between obstacles and such . 
  the more impossible the shot seemed the more i liked it . 
  i 'm quite accurate with solider these days , of course practice helped . 
  and the x marks the spot crosshair . 
  at least you know exactly where the center is instead of feeling it in the circle crosshair . 
  but be warned , solider are really dodgy with aiming precision , totally different from sniper , scout and others , since you have rockets that travel and you need to time them and you can shoot at the ground etc. 
  so it 's like an entry level class when it comes to aiming . 
  for blowing , you goddamn blind asshole . 
  good for you . 
  we 'd need this here in eu . 
  kill the prices such as 3.38 $ and round it to 5 cents . 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  although that pc case looks kinda nice . 
  yes do tell , it looks nice . 
  and that 's why we need sarcasm font . 
  everywhere . 
  of course !, 
  how else would you pirate software ? 
  performance mx . 
  you .
