champions of the countries that matter !, 
  40 points !!!!!!!, 
  above france !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  god save the queen !!!, 
  rule britannia !!!!!, 
  thank you georgia , we 'll forgive you for basically stealing our flag . 
  well played austria . 
  one !?!? 
  just one ?!?!? 
  we may as well leave you to the germans next time if that 's all we get . 
  thank you spain , we 'll let you beat us at football any time you want as thanks . 
  eight !!!!!, 
  thank you ireland , i wish i could repay you somehow , if only i could send potatoes back in time . 
  the uk does , we 're fantastic . 
  that song though ? 
  i think this is pretty fair . 
  your voting choices are as beautiful as your fjords norway . 
  the germans appreciate cleavage properly . 
  damn it sweden , a point for france ? 
  you are forgiven for your volcanoes iceland . 
  this is europe france , we speak english here . 
  sort it out . 
  what excellent taste you have malta, 
  remember lads , it 's not about winning , it 's about beating the french . 
  we 're on course . 
  i take back everything i 've said about your eurovision denmark and i forgive you for the vikings . 
  you 're not pointless after all san marino !, 
  points are going all over the place . 
  this is fun . 
  i did n't like this song last year but had i known that its victory would lead to that * excellent * giving food to the contestants bit i 'd have been fully behind it . 
   it 's a running gag . 
  a * really * good one . 
  nothing great this year , italy or switzerland would probably be my choice , although by the time we get to the end i could be ready to , er , `` listen '' to poland again . 
  oh , we 've decided to be shite again then have we ? 
  excellent flag video for an excellent flag . 
  right then , prepare to witness your new champion of singing europe . 
  i 'm sure i should hate this but i do n't, 
  a significant downgrade this . 
  that 's rivalling italy for being my favourite so far . 
  i 'm enjoying having something this cheerful sounding , it 's not bad at all . 
  best one yet . 
  it would n't take too many threats from putin to make me vote for this , not great at all but i did n't hate it . 
  i think we have a new leader for the most irritating song . 
  even copious cleavage would n't have saved this one . 
  i liked that , you know , for musical reasons . 
  i 've not seen any of these before , there 's more to come ? 
  the beginning of this one suggests we 're back to tedious . 
  much better , thank you iceland . 
  if we see better any better beards this evening we 'll be doing very well . 
  we 've gone from actively unpleasant to merely tedious , a great improvement . 
  well done azerbaijan, 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say we 've probably not seen the winning song yet . 
  not the best start . 
  you want belarus as well russia ? 
  i wo n't complain after this . 
  of course , reddit parties are the best parties . 
  at least i assume so , i 've not been to any of the other kind . 
  if this is the best ukraine can do i suggest we let russia have them , they 're bringing nothing to the table . 
  this was great fun last year . 
  i do n't know who is competing for us or what the song is but i know in my heart that this is our year . 
  it must be . 
  surely . 
  please ? 
  wrong . 
  france fully deserved the humiliating defeat we inflicted upon it . 
  bow down before us france and germany , we are officially superior . 
  pah , a measly one point ? 
  you 'll need to do better than that france if you want to catch us . 
  i 've never had a bad word to say about slovenia , what a wonderful country . 
  that 'll do ireland . 
  fucking iceland , first that volcano i 'm too drunk to attempt to spell and now letting the french close the gap . 
  take that france !!!!, 
  do n't give up yet , we can still catch france , that 's what really matters . 
  i love you romania , both for your dubstep vampires and your excellent taste in music . 
  we ca n't sing and we ca n't vote right , a disappointing evening . 
  yeeeeeeeeeeessssssssss !!!!!!!!, 
  a point !!!, 
  a glorious point !!!, 
  i could just about accept greece winning but if we as a continent can not vote for a castrato dubstep vampire when given the chance i really do n't see the point of europe at all . 
  ah well , there 's always next year . 
  our butterfly 's pretty . 
  take that france , even when we 're this shit we 're still better than you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  congratulations sweden , not my choice but far from the worst . 
  three !!!!!!!, 
  you 're wrong and insane but also brilliant !!!!!!!, 
  it 's back on france . 
  what is the point of strategically sending all those expats out to spain if it does n't get us a single point ? 
  one ??!? 
  just one ireland ?!? 
  what have we ever done to you ? 
  pfft , everyone knows it 's austria we want to beat . 
  fuck , the french are ahead . 
  only 10 for russia from latvia ? 
  clearly their russian minority is being oppressed . 
  top quality pausing there from azerbaijan . 
  a point !!!!!!!!!!, 
  yyyyyeeeeeeeessssssss !!!!!!!!!, 
  i ca n't even pretend we should win this one so am fully behind australia to defend anglophone honour , also it was quite good . 
  this is so dull i 've forgotten it before it 's even finished . 
  europe : good at singing , good at jokes .
