the problem is that i can pay for one beer or a bagel with my debit card and it takes seconds . 
  practically everywhere . 
  that does not exist in germany . 
  reaching for the wallet , counting out money , waiting for change is so much more cumbersome . 
  plus , it makes the wallet thick . 
  plus , germans still have the useless 1 and 2 cent coins ... o_o, 
  welding, 
  yeah ... she just likes it that way and i do n't mind . 
   http://www.thekitchn.com/why-and-how-do-i-warm-dinner-p-112302, 
  my wife uses it for warming up ceramic plates . 
  only . 
  really ? 
  are you american ? 
  you will be able to call and text like in your home country . 
  however , your data may be limited , depending how much you pay . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-17-885_en.htm  for example : with his $ 70 ( $ 57.85 excl . 
  vat [ 5 ] ) per month contract , tim living in the netherlands gets unlimited calls , texts and data for his smartphone . 
  while travelling abroad , he will have unlimited calls and text . 
  for data , he will get twice the equivalent of $ 57.85 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  based on the caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give tim over 15 gb of roam like at home data as of 15 june 2017 and 19.3 gb of roam-like-at-home data as of 1 january 2018 . 
  it applies to existing contacts as well . 
  that is not entirely true . 
  for data , there is a limit to it , it is the monthly rate ( or the current balance in case of prepaid ) divided by the wholesale data price . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-17-885_en.htm  for pre - paid metered contracts : when a customer goes abroad , she/he can roam like at home up the amount of credit remaining on the pre-paid card . 
  for data , the customer can use at least the volume that can be purchased by the remaining credit on the pre-paid card at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
   in the czech republic , zoran has a $ 20 pay and go ( pre-paid ) card for data , calls and texts . 
  by the time he goes on holiday , zoran has $ 13 ( $ 10.74 excluding vat [ 4 ] ) credit remaining on his card . 
  while being abroad , zoran can enjoy a volume of data equivalent to the value of his credit . 
  this means he gets the equivalent of $ 13 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  based on the caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give zoran almost 1.4 gb of data roaming in as of 15 june 2017 and 1.8 gb of data roaming as of 1 january 2018 . 
   for the most competitive contracts that offer unlimited data or data at very low domestic prices , below the wholesale cap : when a customer goes abroad she/he will continue to enjoy the full allowance of calls and texts . 
  for data , the customer will have at least twice the volume of data that can be purchased by the value of the customer 's monthly contract at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
   for example : with his $ 70 ( $ 57.85 excl . 
  vat [ 5 ] ) per month contract , tim living in the netherlands gets unlimited calls , texts and data for his smartphone . 
  while travelling abroad , he will have unlimited calls and text . 
  for data , he will get twice the equivalent of $ 57.85 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  based on the caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give tim over 15 gb of roam like at home data as of 15 june 2017 and 19.3 gb of roam-like-at-home data as of 1 january 2018 . 
  so what do you think of the current weather ? 
  it 's not flip flop weather either ... 
  that might be the case indeed , but it 's not explicitly said like in the german law . 
  can you point me to the article that says so ? 
  i 've heard of people having been fined for that but the actual reason was ` standing still on the motorway without a proper reason ' , but not explicitly for having run out of fuel . 
  i thought slovak mountain rescuers should speak fluent czech by now . 
  you heard wrong . 
  let the discussion begin !, 
  no , it 's not even illegal . 
  there is now a motion to make it illegal , but there are technicalities like : should we also ban the use of smart watches , etc. 
  that 's the german way !, 
  i 'm pretty sure it was **** . 
  sooo . 
  have you had a lot of hacking incidents from the eastern friends ? 
  in netherlands , it 's legal to use the phone ( even play pokemon ) while cycling . 
  luckily , they 're changing that as well . 
  in one day . 
  in germany , it 's also possible to get a ticket if you run out of petrol on the autobahn . 
  here we are allowed to pay more than 25 , but then we need to enter the pin code . 
  it 's easy to forget the pin code when you do n't have to enter it every time . 
  you do . 
  i usually just take my driving license . 
  i tried paying without taking the card out of the wallet , it never worked . 
  a couple weeks back i was paying for groceries ( contactless ) when an older lady remarked that she prefers the old fashioned chip ( paying by using the chip reader ) . 
  it 's like amsterdam in early '90s . 
  i find cash so inconvenient !, 
  you need to remember to take it out of the wall , it makes your wallet swell , especially the coins ( plus , germans still have the 1 and 2 cent coins ... ) . 
  some argue that it is easier to manage how much you spend , but i have a lot of incasso 's ( direct debits ) and i do a lot of shopping on the internet anyway , so i prefer checking my banking app daily ... 
  so much easier to go to a club and pay for your beer with a card or mobile . 
   not sure where you are netherlands, 
  to me , it 's a bit easier to grab the phone out of the pocket , but i mostly use it when i go to the gym and do n't want to take the wallet with me ... 
   how dare they ask me for cash money ? 
  what century is this ??? 
  you should visit germany ... 
  germans love cash . 
  fwiw poland was before netherlands in adopting contactless payments . 
  it 's not just ing . 
  you can do that with rabo and abn as well . 
  https://www.abnamro.nl/nl/prive/apps/wallet/index.html https://www.rabobank.nl/particulieren/betalen/contactloos-betalen/rabo-wallet/ also , vodafone has a vodafone wallet app which couples with the nfc chip * on the vodafone sim card * . 
  ~ ~ thanks to that , iphone owners can pay with their phones , too ~ ~ unfortunately , this is only for android as well . 
  compared to spaniards or americans ? 
  attic , next to the water heater . 
  its easy to hang the clothes there as there 's plenty of room . 
  kitchens in poland are unbelievably small . 
  well . 
  if taste difference is negligible ( to me ) and dietary disadvantages are comparable ( i go for all artificial sweeteners ) i see no reason to pay more . 
  :{ freeway cola is a great brand , but i like summit cola for its value for money . 
  what about hungarian made stuff ? 
  fwiw , i always buy the cheapest cola i can find in the store . 
  is tap water worse than bottled in belgium ? 
  bic can be derived from iban , however it is usually required for trans border payments . 
  sepa is still used internally . 
  btw , sepa also provides international direct debits . 
  they are supported by all banks in the eu ( eu requirement ) , but i 've yet to see that in practice for b2c . 
  domestic direct debits are commonplace ( and also realised using sepa only ) . 
  worked at a large dutch bank . 
  all domestic transfers are sepa here . 
  often with a glass of milk or buttermilk . 
   i do n't need another one . 
  you should go to spain . 
  poland, 
  cash is largely a german thing now . 
  everybody else uses plastic .
