  and if theresa may is in charge dont worry - you will all be able to enter the uk one way or another . 
  this also includes non eu nationals . 
  and you will also be able to bring in illegal substances . 
  she is one on the most incompetent and clueless politicians ( in a very competitive field i might add ) , and has been blamed for the recent problems at ukborderagency and the relaxation of passport controls . 
  i am laughing at your comment because its so true and it is hilarious . 
  but it is really scary and a form of mind-control . 
  if you think about it they are brain washing their population at an early stage . 
  i would see clips of people in military and communist countries like north korea , russia or china marching in line , and found that strange how they controlled their citizens . 
  but the us it is not that different - its just more subtle . 
  and it kindoff makes it more dangerous . 
  i lived in greece and there is plenty of corruption but its also the type of corruption where its built into the system . 
  if you want a service you pay extra otherwise you dont get it , and its from the top down . 
  i also imagine if you know that the wealthy are not paying their share , and the politicians are corrupt then why should you be an idiot and pay taxes . 
  but make no mistake their is plenty of corruption here in the uk but its is so much more sophisticated and clever . 
  and there are technicalities that do n't make it seem like corruption but it boils down to deception and stealing taxpayers resources and transferring to friends and shell companies . 
  why do you say that ? 
  are things not changing in italy , ie government putting things into place which will make governing italy more transparent and honest ? 
  what is it that makes italy corrupt ? 
  it was a mind fck when i learnt that shoolpupils in the us had to recite the pledge of allegiance daily . 
  i am grateful to be european . 
  lol a true cynic ( but a part of me still hopes you are wrong and not everyone can be bought ), 
  then explain it to me . . 
  i am not saying that . 
  but the policies are about the investment by the countries who invested - and their priority is their `` investment '' and not to help the citizens or the country become independent . 
  true you would need to be desperate to take the imf medicine . 
  but the imf does not do what is best for the country and its citizens . 
  in fact it is no different from the inept corrupt leaders . 
  i support whatever the scottish want ( and hope that is good for their country and citizens ) . 
  that if the imf policies did not destroy economies , privatise and sell off national assets , their would not be many poor starving children in africa . 
  i read the article . 
  what bullshit logic . 
  i feel sorry for any child who has to pay a price for other peoples mistakes . 
  you can argue that the children starving in africa are being punished for the greed of others as well - their rulers , their dictators etc. 
  most of us in the west are in this economic recession because of the actions of the ruling classes - speculation or outsourcing to exploit the slave labour in asia . 
  we as a society are paying for others decisions and are not powerful enough to make a difference even with a vote . 
  greece needs to sort out its tax system and deal with corruption but they way she makes her point will not help anybody . 
  i think eurovision is a very fair exchange for all the culture they have given us . 
  just listened to the song and its one of the better entries . 
  anyway i would normally have said good luck and all but i do n't know what to wish you now - considering the broadcasters intentions . 
  fuck off - it is their stuff and they can do what they want to it . 
  you are in no position to tell them how to look after it . 
  imagine if foreign countries told us how to look after our stuff saying it was international treasure - and the outrage it would cause over here . 
  i think greece needs some austerity and some growth . 
  and it needs lots of structural reforms . 
  but the current policy has fucked up the country and will not cost us more in the long term . 
  its also too bad that everyone was aware of this but did nothing - either to delay the entry or put measures in place to control situations like this arising . 
  there should have been more oversight from the eu into countries economies . 
  most certainly much funnier and just more clever . 
  the spanish touch was cute . 
  you need to contact kurtos . 
  its a shame to let a friendship fade only because of distance i am sure he thinks of you as well, 
  our media has never been objective about what it has actually cost the uk to be `` best friends '' with the us . 
  i believe that we need to chose and strategically we would be better off in the eu . 
  i believe that the uk is part of europe and should embrace that fact . 
  we belong in europe and that is where our interests are . 
  however a lot of people here i have read too much daily fail and torygragh and other such media . 
  also a lot of people ** mistakenly ** believe that our best friends are the us and they have our back . 
  also if the uk considers the financial costs of the us alliance they would be shocked at how much we have thrown away . 
  ( and i am not just referring to the recent wars ) . 
  i would rather the money go the europe . 
  its interesting hearing the views from people living on the continent and how various nationalities respond to an issue . 
  oh and being british means i can have it both ways - being european when it suits me and non european when i want ... amiright guys ? 
  maybe its possible that people on readdit dont always follow and study the whole thread - and sometimes read something and vote on that comment in isolation . 
  that particular comment has been downvoted for a reason . 
  obviously people either misunderstood and assumed you were suggesting republicans were nazis ... or read it in isolation if not why do you think it was downvoted ? 
  firstly i thought you meant what you about the republicans - they were nazis and i based my response on that statement . 
  secondly my point has nothing to do with nazis - or even comparing the republicans with this new dawn nazi group . 
  it was in context to what you said and my preference is non hypocrisy . 
  please try and reread and understand this point . 
  because you are arguing on your own over something you misunderstand , also you also do realise that your statement was voted down by many - because we thought you equated the republicans with the nazi party . 
  reread your statement and maybe try and understand why we responded that way . 
   at least republicans have the decency to not outright say `` yup , we 're nazis . 
  all rise !, 
  that is a great point . 
  i guess the ignorant and dumb will always flock to certain parties . 
  have you ever been to the faux news comment page - english native speakers who cant speak english . 
  i imagine its something like that . 
  no - you did  at least republicans have the decency to not outright say `` yup , we 're nazis . 
  all rise ! '' . 
  i would not compare them to nazis but a lot of them ( not all ) are racist but wont come out and say so . 
  they are the type of people who say `` i am not a racist but blacks/gays / illegals ... . '' the racism is there with the hypocrisy . 
  in some ways i have more respect for those that admit they are racist and at least i know to not waste my time . 
  my point is not about what they are but the dishonesty and hypocrisy involved . 
  i hope this question is as figurative as my comment . 
  and short memory . 
  its as dumb as black people voting for the kkk in the southern states of america . 
  i just dont get it . 
  i would rather the nazi party not be hypocritical and dishonest . 
  at least i know where i stand that way instead of so many in the us who delude themselves . 
  did greece forget what happened in the 1973 ? 
  how can they think facsim is the way to go . 
  this is so fucked up . 
  this is not a valid argument because it is not about safety . 
  since when is murdoch `` french `` jewish ? 
  they also do n't know how the internet works . 
  - if we go by jb_uk military expenditure theory then the turks penises would be even smaller . 
  http://www.bilerico.com/2011/12/hungarians_win_european_penis_size_map.php i read that the data for hungary , france and italy are self reported but i am sure they have no reason to lie overs such a silly matter like penis size . 
  ps as a woman i dont get this obsession that men have with penis size . 
  why dont you guys brag about the size of your brain instead . 
  that is really a more important organ ,,
