  the greeks are protesting because the do not want the government to take more bailout money . 
  they see it as a waste of taxpayers ( eu ) money . 
  they are also protesting because they want the government to do something about the corruption , to be held accountable for the squandering , and for change . 
  they are not happy that many in privileged positions have raped the country , yet the the people are being forced to take responsibility for the debt , and to pay the price of the austerity measures . 
  ps : living longer does not have anything to do with retirement age . 
  they should impose measure that will work and allow greece to pay off its debts . 
  measures that can also help the country to progress economically , because unfortunately the greeks have not been able to do this on their own eg collect tax , eliminate corruption as much as possible , etc. 
  if the current policies imposed impoverish the country will not benefit anybody in europe apart from the bankers who are making money off this crises . 
  sisyphus is a good analogy . 
  i think that is also has to do with the fact that maybe the religion is also a cultural thing , and very much part of your national identity . 
  i know that it is like that with the orthodox religion in greece . 
  the headline is copied from the torygraph, 
  so this is how its going to play out ... . make them sell their assets at bargain basement prices and then let them default . 
  are you saying racism is funny ? 
  or are you just a bigot ? 
  well written article where the author discusses the consequences of a default , and scenario simply and clearly ( without padding and verbosity ) . 
  i agree - i would have loved to live in the usa when i was a child and wanted to spend my life in disney land . 
  as i grew older , i become aware of the amercan nightmare - sold as the american dream . 
  its not the lifestyle i want . 
  i would love to live in canada . 
  not the usa . 
  it happens everywhere but what has happened here is corruption . 
  there should be transparency or some sort of rules . 
  this should be made very public . 
  the last thing we need is a us style process where votes are paid for by lobbyist and corporations and where most politicians have sold their souls . 
  we need european rating agencies the industry is dominated by the american firms . 
  i guess it depends on how well they have integrated . 
  and as you said , some do not want to integrate . 
  us and spain trade officials strategized how to increase acceptance of genetically modified foods in europe , including inflating food prices on the commodities market , according to a leaked us diplomatic cable released by wikileaks . 
  i have obtained the info from this article http://www.noagendashownotes.com/noagenda-backup/http_my_butt_org_w97b.htm it discusses how the obama administration is filled with with pro gm monsanto people who are in charge of policy . 
  essentially there is too much lobbying for us to get the truth and all the facts . 
  they would certainly not tell you that it is unsafe . 
  from what i have read studies in animals have shown that their are problems and consumption has been linked to organ damage and cancer . 
  they have not been proved safe . 
  also animals have to be forcefed gm food because they naturally reject it . 
  http://blog.friendseat.com/monsantos-gmo-corn-can-lead-to-organ-failure/ http://www.responsibletechnology.org/ http://www.seedsofdeception.com/public/aboutgeneticallymodifiedfoods/index.cfm, 
  i have not heard a convincing argument for gm `` comprehensive evidence has shown , however , that despite all the lofty claims , gmos have not improved yields , and they certainly are not better for the environment . 
  they have also never been proven safe for consumption . '', 
  what is retarded is your comment `` comprehensive evidence has shown , however , that despite all the lofty claims , gmos have not improved yields , and they certainly are not better for the environment . 
  they have also never been proven safe for consumption '' edit : my comment is in response to a comment made by unimatrix who said that posts on gm food are retarded ( or something to that effect ) which has now been deleted . 
  i have not heard a convincing argument for gm food, 
  the country of troy and constantinople was most certainly not turkey . 
  they may be in turkey , but those civilisations had nothing to do with turkey . 
  turkey also has a human rights problem , a kurdish problem and a little occupation in cyprus problem . 
  i do not think turkey is in any position to demand support - its not a right to belong to eu but something that is earned by meeting certain criteria . 
  i grew up in south africa and you are right about the cadbury chocolate . 
  i had forgotten how good it was . 
  it had a unique milky taste . 
  i also remember the meat tasted better - than the stuff they call meat in the uk . 
  transparency is needed here, 
  i guess it all depends when you want your 1 hour of sunshine . 
  i want and demand mine in the morning . 
  maybe my company ( and others ) will allow for flexi-time where i can go to work an hour or two later and leave later . 
  i do not know if you have experienced winter mornings in the uk , its dismal - and that word does not even describe how miserable they are . 
  thanks . 
  i would prefer that - find it depressing and difficult to get up and out of bed when its still dark and so cold outside . 
  more light will make it easier to confront a ( usually miserable ) winter day . 
  so this move means a darker morning for us - then no thanks . 
  i hate dark miserable winter mornings - i am depressed enough as it is in winter . 
  confused as well i hate going to work in winter morning wen its dark . 
  what i want to know is if this change will mean its lighter outside at 7 am then before this change . 
  the passage in the bbc has not explained it to me . 
  i know and agree with you . 
  ( my comment was unfair ), 
  why would anyone ever want to fight a war like iraq and afghanistan ? 
  that is unless they want to bankrupt their own counties , fight illegal wars , steal and redistribute money from their taxpayers and hire contractors like halliburton to do it , steal money from the countries they invaded ... . and i could go on . 
  i noticed that particular thread had over 440 comments - which is a lot for something that is posted in / r/europe . 
  out of interest i went to / r/canada and it seems 440 comments is a lot for something that is posted on that subreddit as well . 
  only if they can learn to be nice to whales, 
  maybe gold or maybe having more then one reserve currency . 
  but why do you need a reserve currency ? 
  why should i buy dollars to buy oil . 
  the concept is ridiculous and outdated, 
  the usd should not be considered the reserve currency . 
  there is a difference between substance and form . 
  in substance - the west is more corrupt than the south . 
  look at the 2 recent wars and the lies , the theft of 100 's of billions of dollars of iraqi money , the banking scandals , the way that corporations buy legislation , the way that companeis pollute and get away with it . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_c%c3%b4te_d%27ivoire_toxic_waste_dump ) yes - the west is much more corrupt . 
  but they have found a way to call it legal . 
  the usa and the uk got involved in two wars by fabricating lies , decieving the public , for the express reason of taking over countires natural resources . 
  companies like blackwater managed to make billions from irag . 
  do you have a clue what happend to the 100 's of missing billions of iraqi money . 
  corporations in the us have corrupted the political process , and bought legislation in their favour . 
  likewise in the uk , corporations are getting so many `` legal '' tax breaks , and although they are not classified as illegal in form , in substance they are anything but legal . 
  may i also bring to your attention the `` banking sector '' , because the magnitude of that corruption makes the corruptoin in the `` south '' insignificant . 
  what would you call this incident ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_c%c3%b4te_d%27ivoire_toxic_waste_dump and this is outright theft , but its legal - so the corrupton index does not include it . 
  http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/feb/07/tax-city-heist-of-century the light blue is the graph is very decieving . 
  you are being naive if you think that corruption is less in the west . 
  its just better disguised - appatently in light blue, 
  marogian - what sensitive data from the us does the uk get ? 
  the sensitive data that the us simply handed over to russia . 
  or the password to its own missles ? 
  nice quote . 
  i would vote to use it . 
  lol - i am from the uk and since the british ( i am generalising ) already have a big problem with the eu , would it really matter in the bigger scheme of things if they also have a problem with the quote . 
  without the stars , it will look like the wall street bull http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charging_bull, 
  great idea, 
  chackakhan . 
  please dont stoop to his level and argue with him .
