  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia i am english and i like facts and accuracy - something you need to get a grasp off if you want to make a better argument . 
  bechbojnul - maybe theft is okay in your country . 
  maybe fraud is not frowned upon in romania . 
  or maybe you just lack education and come up with what ever your ignorant mind decides . 
  i am from england fyrom can call themselves what they like - i dont care . 
  just as long as they dont assume the identity of another culture . 
  check your facts again . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_%28region%29 but even so that does not make you macedonian . 
  you are still the race you were born into unless you adopted macedonian language , and culture . 
  the people living in fyrom did neither - they are slavs . 
  the did not choose to be macedonian . 
  because its more then a name - its about identity theft , wishful thinking and fiction on the part of fyrom . 
  its about claims to a heritage that is not theirs and land that does not belong to them . 
  your politicians have brainwashed you into believing that you are descendants of alexander . 
  call yourself what you want but base it on fact . 
  and be proud of your slavic heritage . 
  it does amuse me that your county has spent a fortune building a statue to a hellenic warrior . 
  but its a shame that the money was not spent on hospitals or schools to teach people facts or history . 
  because fyrom has no relation to ancient macedonia . 
  its identity theft when they decide to steal another culture and history and parade it as their own . 
  shipping does not even get taxed in greece ( watched a bbc documentary on this and i was outraged )  why is the productivity so low ? 
  they are not effective or efficient in the way they do things . 
  to go to a bank f will waste half your day . 
  life in greece is filled with such bureaucracy . 
  to get something done you need form after form from a government department . 
  i think structural problems making it uncompetitive . 
  i think corruption also does not bring out the best in the society . 
  people who have been promoted/employed and are ruling are not the best or smartest . 
  i am always surprised how successful greeks are when they have left greece . 
  and how well they adapt and how productive they are in a country that is run competently . 
  shipping - and they dont pay taxes, 
  you are generalising and making negative assumptions about the whole population which is rather bigoted . 
  the greeks do work hard , and they are not heavily indebted on an individual basis if you compare them the eu standards . 
  it is the country that is indebted - the politicians who have mismanaged the country . 
  they live in a corrupt system . 
  you can argue that they are responsible and they can change it but its not as easy when that is the only system you know and dont know any better . 
  most greeks who have got out of greece do exceptionally well in foreign countries , being hard working and entrepreneurial . 
  but hey - im not going to attempt to change your mind about a whole race , if it is already made up . 
  its more a humanistic approach - focusing on the people affected by this crises . 
  rather then the technical aspects . 
  the greeks have been beaten up in the world press recently so she attempts to show them as normal people . 
  but you are right - in order for country to move forward these questions need to be tackled . 
  a lot of soul searching needs to be done . 
   she never ask people why they took loans , i guess when you work you take out loans to buy a house , a car etc. 
  these are long term loans and you assume you will have a job ( or be able to get a job ) to be able to pay them off . 
   by the way , most rape victims in the united states are also believed to be male . 
  do you have a link to back that up so i can correct wikipedia and all the other sources that are spreading the following lies and fiction . 
  `` u.s. bureau of justice statistics ( 1999 ) estimated that 91 % of rape victims are female and 9 % are male , with 99 % of the offenders being male '', 
  because as a feminist i dont care that my grandfather / father / husband will die earlier ... . . i just care that women live longer . 
  and yes i am being sarcastic . 
  interesting and good article - hope people read it without simply downvoting because of title, 
  i have read that the greeks do care about the eu and the majority will accept the measures to stay in the euro . 
  i have also read somewhere they the trust their own politicians less then the eu . 
  so they do care . 
  but having said that its hard to care about the euro when you have lost your job , your pension has been cut/lost , and you dont know where your next meal will come from . 
  and its hard when you do n't trust your politicians any more . 
  they have destroyed your country by mismanaging it so badly and you are paying the price . 
  and its hard to care about the eu when the measures of austerity and the loans are not about helping the country get back on its feet and take responsibility but its about helping the bankers who should have known better . 
  and when your country agrees to the austerity measures they are not enough and new ones are demanded . 
  yes - its just done with more sophistication and in slow motion . 
  the palestinians are not even considered human by these zionists . 
  when you strip it to its core that is what it is . 
  technicalities dont change the end game . 
  eg what some institutions/individuals have done to world economy is not called theft or fraud thanks to various technicalities . 
  but that is what it is . 
  how about apartheid israel apologise to palestinians for its current crimes against humanity ... apartheid israel is no different to the nazis, 
  sure they can , but if they make money in country a - they should pay that tax in country a. 
  other article : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2011/11/28/turkey-offers-to-open-ports-airports-to-cyprus-%e2%80%93-if-eu-reciprocates/, 
  fine - whatever you say, 
  you shouldnt . 
  as an outsider ( not being italian ) but as a fellow european i was simply trying to find something positive to say , and being polite about the situation and the sorry state of affairs in italy . 
  you are really making this `` being nice thing '' very difficult . 
  edit : i am sorry this is happening in italy, 
  to be fair he does have good taste in `` model minister '' ( and i am saying this as a women . ), 
  and i know this does not make it any better but berlusconi is still better the bush and i still think the education minister is more intelligent then bush and sarah palin put togethor . 
  - dont hate me , i am just trying to be nice . 
  a progressive taxation is contributing to society according to your means - and if you are fortunate enough to make more then others , you give back more . 
  i know that gordon gekko made greed glamorous , but i dont find any redeeming qualities in that trait . 
  a quote from josh billings emphasises this point about greed - avarice is like a graveyard ; it takes all that it can get and gives nothing back . 
  you cant channel greed . 
  greed is what fucks up capitalism . 
  if that trait did not exist in humans , capitalism would be the ideal system . 
  i dont have a recipie . 
  but i would rather find a soloution to help member countries sort out their problems and disicpline them , - rather then punish to destroy them . 
  their system of governing needs to be overhauled for starters . 
  i realise how inefficient and badly run greece is , and those ruling the country are not held accountable for bad decisions ( the waste is incredible ) and corruption . 
  eu needs a mechanism or a body to deal with these problems , where countries can apply for loans - and not rely on the banks ( what the greek govt has done the their own banking sector , never mind the eu banks is criminal ) . 
  and the interest on the loans should not be so punitive that they alone bankrupt the country ( while providing speculators with profit opportunities ) . 
  eu fiscal policy needs to managed somehow , i am not sure how budgets are passed by individual countries but they should to be submitted for scrutiny ( regarding how realistic they are ) by other eu member states . 
  being part of the eu means we are all in it togethor now . 
  that means individual governments should not only be held accountable to their own people , but to the eu citizens . 
  if you read what the website is saying , and you came out with only with `` people v the banks '' - then maybe you need to read it again . 
  i will get a better return on my investment as a taxpayer if my money is not spent on bankrupting this country . 
  at the moment , i as a uk resident am pissed off because my money is being thrown away at paying the absurd interest rate while bankrupting the country . 
  saying greed can can be channeld for the common good is an oxymoron, 
   greed channelled for the overall common good . 
  that is illogical, 
  the rating agencies were not just asleep when it came to the banks and the derivative market , they were in an inproper relationship - essentially the rating agencies were being paid by the banks to rate their investment products . 
  http://www.freakonomics.com/2011/07/26/did-rating-agencies-give-preference-to-big-banks/ that is how fuc * ed the situation was . 
  i saw a documentary program on tv in the uinited kingdom a while back about italy and how much control the mafia has in your country .
