  they are the true martyrs in the austerity drive across europe . 
  see what sacrifices they have made and ungrateful workers just want to strike and complain about loosing their jobs . 
  i dont know if i should laugh or cry . 
  it really shocks me - and saddens me . 
  i saw an article further down about racist attacks happening in greece . 
  and it kind of shocked me . 
  i had never seen violence like s in greece and never found the people to be violent . 
  its seems that when people cant afford to feed themselves , they turn right wing and become xenophobic and racist . 
  this is not endemic to greece . 
  what racist shit are you specifically referring to ? 
  i have seen more racism in the uk then in greece . 
  i have also seen more racism in france and germany . 
  if you could be kind enough to elaborate as i am really curious . 
  i concur signed uk, 
  which services will this come from ? 
  its sad if it is from health and education . 
  also how efficient is spanish sector ? 
  is it over bloated ? 
  lol just like your kind and friendly drug dealer, 
  lol-this looks like a new account from troll fyrommakedon http://www.reddit.com/user/makedon he never lets the facts get in the way of his stories - and is rather hypocritical with his assertions - not bothering to look in his own dirty backyard eg he posts an article how greek women phone domestic violence phone line have received an increase in the number of calls but forgets to mention that nearly 50 % of fyrom women have experience abuse . 
  his posts are racist and also indicative of a sick and obsessive mind that is totally fixated on greece . 
  obviously he must be hurting a lot to have so much anger and deep rooted psychological issues . 
  i cant decide what is more embarrassing - pastrygate or our government creating a petrol panic . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl_s2vovvdw the newsnight investigation . 
  lol - he does not like facts . 
  they get in the way of his arguments . 
  http://www.targetmap.com/viewer.aspx?reportid=3073 http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/1777755/average/ this has more accurate world and european statistics . 
  apparently fyrom is really tiny compared to the european average . 
  what is amusing is note the difference in size between those countries that had size `` measured '' and those that `` self reported '' in the second link . 
  that is why transparency is so important and this type of buying favour should be exposed to the greek people . 
  and to embarrass those selling the favours . 
  lol - that is correct . 
  which is why i could not resist trolling him by posting an article of how much worse it is in his country . 
  ( i will ignore him from now on but its good to expose a troll for what he is and move on - like you did ) however i am glad to see that action is being taken against corruption - and that it is being exposed and dealt with . 
  it is the only way the country will change . 
  people should be demanding transparency and accountability . 
  to know what there politicians are up to . 
  lol - you are correct , and point taken, 
  really sad this is happening at this point in time . 
  and as a woman , i take no pleasure in these statistics - or at the suffering of others . 
  this post is in response to fyrmakedon troll . 
  i find his racism obvious and offensive . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/r868u/greek_womens_violence_helpline_receives_5089_calls/ in fyr macedonia , one in three women is the victim of domestic violence , and one in four is the victim of gun violence . 
  http://www.thewip.net/contributors/2007/03/armed_violence_against_women_i.html in english we have a saying that people in glass houses should not be throwing stones ... ... . . i wonder how it translates in fyrmakedons language . 
  we all have things happening in our countries that hurt , sadden , or embarrassed , or that we feel are unjust . 
  so at yours before you start accusing others . 
  we should be focusing on helping those disadvantaged , or going through hardships . 
  no country is immune to suffering and pain - and when you least expect it tragedy can strike eg a tsunami . 
  show some empathy - instead of trolling others when they are suffering . 
  today me , tomorrow you . 
  in the uk we mock and ridicule the contest , and european tastes , comment on the silliness of the contestants . 
  but we take it seriously after the voting when we come in last - then we tend to get emotional and take it personally ( and wonder why nobody likes us ) and vow to withdraw the funding . 
  the cycle repeats itself every year . 
  its a circlejerk for us . 
  lol - now i think you are just a greedy little toll - because i simply cant bare to think you are that ignorant , idiotic , and lacking the ability of comprehension . 
  have a good evening . 
   i have n't said anything of the sort . 
  really , why not talk about what i am saying rather than what 's in your slightly feverished imagination ? 
  really ? 
  then read your comment below and try to understand what you are actually saying when you bring bring up trojan war and turkey . 
   incidentally , if we 're talking history , i think you greeks have some apologising to do to turkey re . 
  the trojan war . 
  is english your first language or are you not able to comprehend what you actually said ? 
   and greece lied . 
  you 're not actually trying to dispute this fact are you ? 
  nobody is saying that greece did not manipulate its statistics . 
  greece is facing structural problems and corruption . 
  however if you bothered to listen to bbc newsnight you would have also heard how europe ( eu ) was well aware of this fact . 
  greece had informed the eu regarding the manner in which they were stating the figures . 
  eurostat overlooked this . 
  if you think that turkey had anything to do with the trojan war then you are certainly not imagining that you are an idiot . 
  you are . 
  you are also ignorant . 
  did your school not teach you classical history ???? 
  ( referring to your imagine post regarding nhs )  that 's actually not true . 
  so you are also a hypocrite . 
  you can judge others but not hold yourself accountable . 
   i think you greeks i am british . 
  ( i have family that lives in greece . ), 
   how greece 's lying about its economy to join the euro greece informed the eu and eurostats regarding the statistics . 
  europe was aware of the situation but they wanted greece in the project irrespective of the facts . 
  source : bbc news-night, 
  then using your argument and the same logic - why is a child responsible for the state of the country ? 
  how would you describe the pillaging and stealing and murdering during the british colonial years ? 
  britain did not become an empire by being honest and fair or by trade . 
  it stole , killed , claimed . 
  look around at the damage we have done by dividing india and pakistan and africa . 
  look how the scottish/irish love us - because we treated them so well . 
  how nice were we to introduce opium to the chinese ? 
  in fact britain invented apartheid , and had the first concentration camps in south africa . . ** you are not in a position to judge others regarding their debts - until you start paying your debts . 
   greece loves to fake statistics and we also know that eurostats/european leaders were aware of this anyway and allowed it to happen, 
  i actually love the concept . 
  they should have also had a white rich fat dumb to represent america . 
  then maybe it would not have been racist . 
  are you like 5 years old or just plain ignorant , just because europeans ( english ) went to australia and conquered it - it does not make them aboriginal . 
  likewise territory does not make you indigenous . 
  and anyway the area is split between 3 countries . 
  and fyrom does not have the majority of land . 
  i think greece may even have more territory then fyrom . 
  but even then its an asinine way of deciding what it should be called .
