  would it not be logical to assume that the german government would support and encourage foreign countries to purchase goods from german companies . 
  i know the british govt does that with our corporations and particularly the arms industry . 
  they sell and use politics to sell . 
  are you that naive or is germany that different from all other arms exporting countries . 
   do you suppose germany should outlaw selling germany-produced weapons to greece if corruption was involved - and if that is illegal in germany then yes . 
  companies should be held accountable and should be governed by the laws they of their domestic country as well . 
  in fact they are : eg selling arms to iran and if it is eu taxpayers money that has be marked for specific projects then i expect the donor governments to limit how the funds can be used , ( not just german but french american british etc ), 
  thank you, 
  can somebody please explain how these rounds work ? 
  how many tomes do they vote ? 
  lol - dont be silly , i mean how else is france going to deal their illegals ? 
  seriously as user tagami_t stated we need to post eu troops on the eu border instead of letting the burden fall on individual countries . 
  would it be documented ? 
  would it also be reasonable for germany to stop selling its weapons to greece when they are aware of the situation and when they are using eu taxpayers money to bail out greece . 
  as an eu country i am not happy that my taxes are going to greece who is spending the money on buying weapons from germany . 
  surely germany and the other countries could show more respect to eu taxpayers and limit or disallow such funds to be wasted on military . 
  from the article i think more highlighting the hypocrisy . 
  '' `` corruption in greece is frequently singled out as a cause for waste but at the same time companies like ferrostaal and siemens are pioneers in the practice . 
  a big part of our defence spending is bound up with bribes , black money that funds the [ mainstream ] political class in a nation where governments have got away with it by long playing on peoples ' fears . '', 
  i dont see it much different then a company bribes an african dictator / politician for business - they know the dictator is corrupt and take full advantage of this fact at the expense of the citizens of the country . 
  and that company is probably also aware that the money used has been targeted for welfare projects . 
  amuse us go to [ / r/libertarian ] ( / r/libertarian ) to discuss your `` knowledge '' about what you think libertarian is - and then get back to us . 
   i did n't know that i guess you also do n't know what `` libertarian '' is all about either, 
   you 've neither attempted to substantiate your earlier claims that the british courts are hopelessly biased , it stands to reason that when judges ( who are human ) are left to interpret laws and court rulings there will be biases - as opposed to when there is legislation which states that they have to follow and upholding certain principles . 
  you dont need to only look at court rulings and the sentences given to reach that conclusion . 
  we do n't have a constitution that upholds individual rights . 
  a middle class person can not afford to get justice in the uk courts and legal aid has been cut back . 
  please dont tell me that our justice system is objective . 
  the laws we have were made by property owners and the `` upper '' classes to protect their ( property ) interests . 
   my direct question about whether you disagree out of principle in allowing elected governments to maintain a supervisory role of the echr . 
  i think the people should elect the who supervises the courts - the courts should represent the people and principles of justice and objectivity - not the governments . 
  lol - my favourite comment, 
   not even in the eu , and criticizing the uk for being critical of the eu crsp does not want you to have a opinion if it disagrees with his/hers : - much like uk position on the eu court . 
  if it disagrees with uk court judgement then the eu should not have an opinion . 
  its a pity romney 's only inspiration from greece was sophistry . 
  this guy will say and do anything to win . 
  i wonder if romney will refuse to use such a great proportion of english words that are derived from greek - or avoid buildings in washington that have been influenced by greek architecture . 
  i think you have been reading too much daily mail articles ( and uk media like telegraph ) which scream at the abuses perpetuated by the eu courts their is no reasoning or using logic with you . 
   the founding principle of the echr was that national courts are assumed not to be filled with complete idiots and will decide most cases and the strasbourg court takes on only the most serious . 
  who the hell are you to decide what counts a ridiculous case . 
  the ones who 's rulings you obviously do n't like . 
  if there is so much work then increase the courts in strasbourg . 
  ( edit as someone else said creating a lower court like the court of first instance be created in order to alleviate the echr of its burden ) or maybe the eu should have a constitution that guarantees all citizens are treated equity and get a fair trail irrespective of race , class , this is something the uk does not have at the moment since our rulings are made by biased judges . 
  lol - the nose was the reason i made this post . 
  i really only wanted to post the picture of his nose but in the process i was forced to post the whole article that discusses something about the netherlands and its economy . 
  some of us understand that deciding which cases are going to be heard is an overhaul . '', 
  mr clarke told the bbc the rule of law in strasbourg was `` a bit tortuous '' and too many `` rubbishy cases '' were heard . '', 
  `` prime minister david cameron wants the countries which use the court to limit its ability to overrule cases already determined by national courts . '', 
  the rubbishy ones are those that the uk disagrees with . 
  changing this will have a huge influence - and it is an overhaul . 
  you are the idiot who does not understand this . 
  if the uk had a constitution that guaranteed human rights for its citizens then maybe you may have a point - otherwise stop being so rude . 
  the uk bases its decisions on class . 
  edit : subjective and biased decisions made by judges who treat various portions of the population more harshly - they will sentence a affluent citizen less harshly ( for the same crime ) then somebody who is black or working class . 
  the bbc has a habit of changing titles during the day so its very possible that it was not editorialised . 
  any direction that opposes human rights is backwards . 
  the uk legislations does not guarantee individual rights , instead it follows court rulings which are biased and favour property owners and certain classes above others . 
  why are they even bothering to put him on trial . 
  this individual is obviously not wired up correctly and a danger to society . 
  lol - i am going to go with your answer . 
  it disingenuous to underplay germanys influence - which is greater then other countries . 
  being the powerhouse of the eu means it has a lot of influence . 
  for example the ecb goal of price stability and fiscal discipline is due to german insistence . 
  who makes the rules ? 
   childish level of greek political debate what is more childish is your ability to understand that this is not a political debate . 
  it is a tv interview . 
  feel free to google the difference so you can educate yourself . 
  a nobel laureate has a duty to speak out against injustice and human rights violations . 
  he is doing his duty and i applaud him for that . 
  what is absolutely crazy is how this inhabitable dessert is dominating world politics , influencing so many agendas , and causing so much trouble for the world . 
  not blaming greeks in particular - its just terrible that this mentality ( becoming right wing ) exists with all people/races when things get bad . 
  funding will determine what choices you have and what option you can take - and it seems to be swinging towards the later, 
  it is a european issue . 
  i dont support concentration camps but i dont know what greece can do in regards to this issue . 
  it has very few funds to take care of its own people - and it is faced with a rising crime rate . 
  how do other eu countries deal with this ?? 
  what are the guidelines ? 
  how do you deal with criminals and illegals ? 
  what should they be doing ? 
  what i find more disgusting is how poverty is making people in greece more right wing and xenophobic . 
  and the crime rate in greece has increased - which is also turning locals against illegals . 
  upvote because i think it is worth debating your ideas . 
  the eu is not working well as so many countries have different needs - and we need to make a decisions if we can continue . . 
  i agree - and a lot of small businesses are closing down in southern europe . 
  i know athens greece has been harshly affected in this respect . 
  but i was reading up how people who had houses , yachts , pools and living in affluent areas were declaring an income of less then eur 12 000 a year . 
  it would be interesting to exclude these small shops from the statistics and to analyse them again . 
  and examine if politicians got pay rises while implementing austerity measures . 
  i was thinking about competitiveness in terms of exports but your reasoning is sound ** if ** germany is competing in similar industries . 
  switching countries - not a decision made purely on the price of labour but skills , efficiency , tax incentives . 
  a lot also depends on the type of industry . 
  im thinking the best southern europe can hope for is the effect of piss-down economics . 
  the rich spend on travel or buying more stuff . 
  excuse my ignorance but what is `` eli5 '' ? 
  edit : googled `` eli5 '' and it took me to a reddit site . 
  how did other european countries get more competitive when they are sharing the same currency ?????? 
  with lots of sarcastic undercurrent, 
  i am not disputing your points - but what happens if we have a situation where european companies bribed corrupt army officials/politicians to purchase ammunition that does not even function or is not fit for purpose . 
  ( fact ) it is like a arms company selling ammunition to a corrupt african military dictator - which are to be purchased with funds he received as aid to help his starving population . 
  these poor employers , and politicians .
