  they have done that in the uk - and certain nationalities commit more crimes ( or at least get caught and have a higher conviction rate ) . 
  are we allowed to hug and cuddle and pat the car ?? 
  sorry - i did not see it and usually it comes up under `` other discussions '' tag ( that is how i usually know its been posted ), 
  history class in fyrom must have taught you a lot . 
  i am pro europe but what we have at the moment is not working . 
  and our leaders are not addressing the structural issues and the craziness of the current system . 
  ah - so he is using the classic `` bitch made me do it '' defense strategy, 
  in my country i think your english could be considered average - ie not broken . 
  you would be surprised how many english people cant be bothered to learn their language or just to make an effort when they talk . 
   in china , everything is cheaper . 
  there is a difference between exploiting workers and paying them a living standard . 
  ( i understand that difference as i have worked in africa . ), 
   it makes no sense to me to tailor my purchases to protect people who won the birth lottery , at the expense of people who did n't . 
  whoever you give your money to - it is at the expense of somebody else . 
  your argument is going around in circles . 
  you are in the end making a judgement call on who you feel deserves your money . 
  i for one do n't believe that i am benefiting chinese/developing countries workers if they are being exploited . 
  if their resources are being stolen from them . 
  land being being taken away from them to be used to plant crops we westerners buy at their expense . 
  mybe you dont understand the economics involved or ** believe that stealing resources is doing them a favour . 
  ** but like i said your argument is going around in circles . 
  is holland not having financial problems as well with their economy and mortgages . 
  its kind off hypocritical they want austerity in southern europe but not for themselves . 
  yes - southern europe needs to be sorted out - their is a lot of corruption and a lot of mismanagement - but that is also something you cant change and impose in a couple of months . 
  i believe even the southern europeans want that change but currently the medication is killing them . 
  if europe is to survive we need to start thinking differently . 
  copy and paste madonna will do anything to stay relevant . 
  this 56 year old will even get her pompoms out and act like a schoolgilrl . 
  i can overlook her desperation , and her need to flash her crotch , but i have no respect for a woman who has no integrity . 
  then i can only imagine the fiction they are teaching at fyrom schools, 
  i dont have a problem with donating to fairtrade or chinese charities . 
  i would not buy the cheaper product because i dont want to encourage dysfunctional behaviour and support a company that is exploiting labour , dumping , or using hazardous or inferior material . 
  considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i do buy fair trade which costs a lot more but does not exploit workers in third world countries . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  but if there is no difference in the quality/circumstances then i would rather support my local businesses that contribute to the community . 
  i am not saying support any company at any cost . 
  i am not even saying that we should sacrifice quality . 
  but if there is not much difference in the product i would rather buy from a company that supports my environment , or does not exploit developing third world countries . 
   unsustainable imbalance in the economy the economy is built on unsustainable balances and manipulation and exploitation . 
  i agree with you . 
  i am not saying we need to sacrifice on quality or even brand . 
  and sometimes we cant . 
  but if there is not much difference why not buy local . 
  also i support fair trade products where workers in third world countries are not exploited . 
  other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  i support fair trade products where developing countries and workers are not ripped off . 
  but i do know that if given a product with hardly any difference ( in quality or circumstances ) , i would rather support the eu economy and workers then say the us economy . 
   you do realize that chinese are the same species as you ? 
  are you a bnp member per chance ? 
  yes . 
  and i would buy from the chinese if the workers benefited directly . 
  but that is not the case . 
  if it is chinese and fair trade i would buy . 
  i was also talking about like for like products/circumstances . 
  however other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  i do know that if given a product with hardly any difference i would rather support the eu economy and workers then say the us economy . 
  however other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  i do know that if given a product with hardly any difference i would rather support the eu economy and workers then say the us economy . 
  however other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  i do know that if given a product with hardly any difference i would rather support the eu economy and workers then say the us economy . 
  however other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  it is complicated . 
  i would personally rather support a small businesses and small farmers then a huge company irrespective of the country . 
  as others say it also depends on the taste . 
  also the cheese would not be called feta . 
  ( protected designation of origin ) . 
  a german comedian on bbc joked that if we wanted to help the greek government and its economy we should rather holiday in germany then greece . . 
  the germans will at least pay their taxes , and the german government will have money to send to greece . 
  i do know that if given a product with hardly any difference i would rather support the eu economy and workers then say the us economy . 
  however other considerations such as quality , ethical considerations , supporting developing countries where the workers benefit directly would most certainly influence my decision . 
  i do care for the chinese workers who are being terribly exploited . 
  that is why i dont want to buy chinese products . 
  if they were paid a fair wage they would not be competitive and we would have more fair competition between countries . 
  if my money was directly contributing to raising the standard for a chinese labourer via say fair trade then i would buy . 
  i also prefer organic over local non organic - and support those farmers who care for the environment first , irrespective what country they come from . 
  and fair trade . 
  my point was for similar goods in general - why send the money overseas when i would rather keep jobs in the eu ( as i am from the eu ) . 
  ps - i did not find organic rose wine, 
  unfortunately i do n't have enough information to avoid those companies when i buy . 
  and unfortunately even when we buy from developing countries we could still be supporting the exploitation of workers and natural resources . 
  i look at the country of origin , and my preference is organic and fair trade . 
  ( http://www.fairtrade.org.uk/ ) . 
  i did say buy fair trade products.http : / / www.fairtrade.org.uk /, 
  sorry - voting with your money to shop ethically and support your local producers . 
  go for quality by all means . 
  but if you decide to buy a cheaper product from china ( and cheaper is not always better ) rather then from your local producer , then the company that employs you ( or your family / friend ) may have to close down which means losing your job . 
  does the wtf become clearer ? 
  i did say buy from your local producer . 
  and i did say buy fair trade which remunerates developing countries and producers at a fair wage instead off ripping them off . 
  and i although i do have some respect for the free market fairies and the `` free trade '' argument the reality is that we do not live in a well-functioning global market and end up buying products that are manufactured by exploiting developing countries natural resources . 
  and we end up losing european jobs . 
  we cant compete with slave labour from china . 
  lol - it did occur to me that i should lie and make up a better wine ( or even product ) while i was ranting and writing this because i may be embarrassing myself by admitting to rose - but hey it could have been lambrini ( if your not from the uk you are fortunate not to know this label ), 
  my question - if greece left the euro it would still be part of the eu so how the uk be able to restrict eu citizens coming in . ??
