  so is ets . 
  but / r/politics is supposedly a partisan sub , yet you can never find anything in any way right leaning over there . 
  amazing and insightful ? 
  funny shitposts i agree with , with the occasional actual post about politics with a right wing view on it ? 
  yes . 
  yeah , but most subreddits :, 
  1 ) were n't default at some point, 
  2 ) do n't have that kind of following, 
  3 ) make it clear what they 're about , rather than pretending to be bipartisan . 
  you know the one . 
  some of the enemies are a bit too tanky imo ( the ones that shoot out bombs that fly at you ) . 
  i love the `` tinted rock bugs '' they added . 
  yes !, 
  this is the most important mod . 
  i 've missed this so much . 
  lots of people ? 
  but fucking hell it was amazing switching to mouse control with ludo , before i was avoiding it , now i take it every single time and it 's op as fuck . 
  [ change mouse control to 1 in options.ini . 
  hp up ? 
  nl makes bad decisions . 
  but he 's just way too good at actually playing the damn game ( dodging ) . 
  yeah , i 'd always get hit like a motherfucker on mom 's heart . 
  knowing you need to dodge the shadows changed everything . 
  i see them all the time . 
  they 're annoying as hell . 
  that is actually ... wow . 
  i 'd never think of that . 
  also you know , the rest of the world is probably way more conservative than just the `` first world countries '' . 
  i 'd probably be called literally hitler for my opinions in the usa , while in serbia i 'm just a regular dude . 
  that one algorithm was only applied to keep t_d down , do you not think this could be another such instance as well ? 
  god no . 
  i hate damage scaling . 
  if i 'm op i wan na crush the piece of shit , not take 5 minutes to kill it . 
  the one that got reverted ? 
  does n't matter that it was a combination , i 'm a pretty experienced player ( 100 % 'd ab plus ) and taking either one of those alone is enough to ruin the run . 
  there definitely is . 
  i tried it on a keeper run . 
  had the battery , red candle and satanic bible . 
  it allowed me to endlessly charge up satanic bible with the red candle trick . 
  and because i was the keeper satanic bible gave me flies instead . 
  i also had car battery , and then used satanic bible like 100 times ( which should total somewhere like 400-600 flies depending on how many i get from satanic bible ) , which should one shot delirium because of my damage . 
  instead it only did about 25 % of his hp , meaning there definitely is a cap to the number of flies there are . 
  not red candle necessarily , but any item that `` charges up overtime '' . 
  if you have the battery , pick up the charging item , and put it back down ( when it starts charging into second charge ) . 
  now any item you pick up will have a second charge , because the second charge is not dependent on the item it was obtained . 
  use second item twice , then pick up the first one and again let it charge . 
  sorry if the explanation 's a mess . 
  it depends on your build . 
  first try through the game nk took me 20 tries , and i was leveling , while final boss i beat second or third try because , while he has bullshit combos , he deals low damage ... 
  on my sl1 run , soc took me like 100 attempts because he could two shot me and after that i beat nk first try . 
  find your own difficulty . 
  i never had to grind in any of the ds games , and i beat ds1 and 3 without ever leveling up ( level 1 ) . 
  that being said , it 's totally possible to overlevel . 
  do n't listen to people that say you ca n't do it . 
  sure , you 're gon na need a basic level of skill to beat any boss/dodge instakills , but if you kill the boss in 10 hits it does n't matter . 
  tears way up , damage way down . 
  what 's the thing in the bottom left corner ( with the 2 knives ) ? 
  i mean , from the description provided it makes it seem like it only ever works with 1 red heart and nothing else . 
  the fact it works with spirit hearts as well makes it slightly less shitty . 
  i used to think that way until i realized it 's just a better 20/20 if you stop moving for a couple of seconds . 
  / pol / did n't exist in 2006, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i 'd argue pills are more bad than good overall . 
  there 's a reason streamers do n't use them . 
  generally 50 % more boss/item room items ( just use on empty pedestals ) , one of the best damn items in the game if you just do n't use it like an egg . 
  also , 50 % chance at a free shop , but i 'd only take the gamble if i absolutely ca n't get the money . 
  in order of difficulty :, 
  rebirth lost  keeper  afterbirth lost, 
  you make an assumption that you 'll get one of those items/trinkets . 
  sure , they 're not rare , but they do n't show up every run . 
  if you hold r for them sure keeper could be easier than the lost . 
  but i measure difficulty by how hard it would be to consistently streak with them . 
  also , keeper ca n't take many devil deals , while lost gets them for free . 
  also , flight . 
  absolutely amazing trinket , it 's better than curved horn a lot of times . 
  69 % now . 
  no , he 'll ( as well as i ) give up on a franchise he loved because it 's been infested with racism against white people . 
  leech won me the ultra hard challenge . 
  alternatively you can just play enough you memorize basically every single room that has hands . 
  i have n't played antibirth in a while , waiting for the `` big update '' , but i believe there 's a way to dodge it ? 
  if i remember correctly i just stood at the very top of the room and no rocks ever seem to go there . 
  i play with other music in the background . 
  which one would that be ? 
  i 've been in the sewer area and killed the dung guy . 
  i 'd like to know how . 
  but that makes the omega penny almost useless ( at least imo ) . 
  best you can do now is try for a free shop ( and even then i 'd only do it if i absolutely could n't find the money for the items ) . 
  this fucker always hits me . 
  like , always . 
  i 'd rather take bob 's brain than bbf . 
  that shit can explode instantly as you enter a room . 
  this is very much news to me . 
  i can swear it was true at some point . 
  i do n't get anti grav hate . 
  it 's objectively an upgrade since it lowers tear delay and you can tap shoot . 
  ... which was not the case at first ... 
  that 's the case indeed . 
  you could die to cott easily . 
  homing brimstone with high damage let me win as the lost . 
  what if his comment is a joke as well ?
