  edit : it really is the fucking level 50 acrobatics perk . 
  modded my skill down to 49 and it worked like it normally does . 
  if it 's at 50 it bugs out and goes full slow mo. 
  anyone know how to fix/disable this stupid `` roll '' ? 
  how would one go about editing the perks given to you when you reach lvls 25,50,75 and 100 ? 
  basically a mod that would change the perk that skill gives you . 
  so i 've been eyeing this game for a while now . 
  i would like to play a mage . 
  i would like any early game tips ( such as character builds ) such as the free money from rastizee . 
  do n't be afraid of `` spoiling my enjoyment '' if your tip is pretty good ( like that free money ) . 
  also , which `` mods '' would you recommend ? 
  i saw that there is an unofficial patch . 
  is there a better graphics mod ? 
  at least increase the resolution ? 
  stretch the map a little bit ? 
  like you can in fallout so you do n't have to move the screen every 2 seconds . 
  [ so i just saw this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/3ftpdg/eli5_what_is_really_happening_to_the_victims/ ) and a question popped into my head : has there been solid proof that hypnosis can work on anyone ? 
  i think it 's pretty much bullshit , and that even houdini ( i do n't really know if he did hypnosis but it 's just an example ) could not hypnotize me , but i 'm not 100 % sure , so that 's why i 'm asking . 
  what does bread and wine ( and other food and drinks ) do in this game ? 
  is there an `` inspect '' feature like in fallout somewhere ? 
  edit : also can i kill random people ? 
  so far i killed this dude that was asking for my ring in that broken hills town , and the wise woman that identifies things just outside it ( and boy am i glad i did , i got like 3k gold ) as well as a blacksmith in that dernhom town ( the one with archibald and glen 's ring ) . 
  edit 2 : where can i see my effects and their duration ? 
  what 's up with this . 
  i 'm trying to steal the sword off that chick with the warrior father ( that op sword that is something like 15-25 you probably know what i 'm talking about ) and i use a fate point to try to steal it ... i fail ... luckily i saved a little bit before that , but are n't fate points supposed to be guaranteed success ? 
  ps : if i do get the sword , should i give it to me , a mage , virgil , or meat sogg mud . 
  1 ) how is kotomine immune to bullets ? 
  he was getting sprayed left and right by both maiya and kiritsugu ( and not talking about the origin bullet that got blocked by his weapons , it shows him taking regular bullets all over his arms ) . 
  2 ) why 'd kiritsugu destroy the grail ? 
  i mean , i know it was corrupted , but how 'd kiritsugu know ? 
  i may have already erm ... went on a massive stealing spree across the city before even knowing about the thieves ... as a result i may have sold a couple of the quest items ... now i ca n't get new jobs until i finish those , which i ca n't since i 've no idea where the items are ( if they even exist anymore ) . 
  any suggestions ? 
  so i went and resurrected virgil . 
  and apparently i 'm supposed to meet brother joachim now , yet he 's nowhere near the basement . 
  will i meet him at a later point ? 
  i 've heard about this server as one of the best wotlk servers . 
  i 've been playing on molten for the past 4 years ... and ever since the unfortunate incident they had where my ... 120k honorable kills , 6.5 k achievement , 100 mounts and pets , with 2.4 k rating paladin got deleted i 've kinda been stopped playing ... made a character on mop and got it to 90 but i just did n't really feel like playing . 
  been off of wow for like 4-5 months , but now i kind of wish to play it again . 
  i do n't really feel like playing mop and cata was a buggy mess on molten ( not to mention i got kinda sick of it after playing it for like 2 years ) . 
  that leaves wotlk . 
  unfortunately , molten 's wotlk is in the final patch ... peeps be having shadowmournes and heroic gear and stuff . 
  and i 've already done icc hc so pve does n't really interest me too much . 
  i 'd mostly like to play pvp . 
  so after that long intro here 's a few questions :, 
  1 ) i 've read this server had `` progression '' going on . 
  what tier of raiding/arena season is it exactly ? 
  2 ) how many people are there online usually ? 
  this is probably the most deciding factor , as molten , however many people may shit on it , has a lot of players . 
  3 ) do you wait for bg 's / arenas a lot ? 
  4 ) who is the dominant faction ? 
  alliance or horde ? 
  not that it will affect my character , going to be human anyway , just wondering . 
  5 ) can you actually reach high arena ratings ? 
  talking 2.2 k to get the gear . 
  edit : 6 ) also very important : are there any important bugs in pvp ? 
  like bm pets ignoring resilience maybe ? 
  it 's been a while since i played fallout 2 , and i want to do it again . 
  this time , i 'll be playing a retarded guy that punches people in the face . 
  i had this idea to make him be very lucky and have the jinxed trait , yet i have heard that the unofficial patch and restoration project have a bug in them which makes the jinxed trait act weird , and be very bad . 
  has this ever been fixed ? 
  so i 've been wondering what the name of this one movie i saw was . 
  i do n't remember too much of it , but i remember a scene i believe was in its ' opening where a really hot chick walks past a bunch of kids and the camera zooms in on kids comically getting boners . 
  did n't really pay too much attention to the movie , but one of those kids keeps thinking about the chick . 
  the chick on the other hand bangs a lot of people , and finally does it with an officer who was an enemy ( guess they were at war ) . 
  the angry mob sees this and drags her out naked into the street , and beats the shit out of her ( if i remember correctly someone fucking stabs her with a pair of scissors , was pretty gross ) . 
  it 's not much to go on i know , but it 's best i remember . 
  does someone know how exactly the `` merchant gold '' increases ? 
  i know it does in some way since i kept visiting the gypsy in tarant and by the end of the game when i killed her she had well over 30k gold . 
  but i 'm wondering if i could speed the process up a little ? 
  is it dependent on their actual amount of gold ? 
  would it be a good idea to `` feed '' them with some gold by buying stuff from them , and get the money when i kill them faster ? 
  so i 'm about to start playing this game , got the unofficial patch ( but not the plus version ) . 
  i 'd like some tips on what stats i should raise . 
  also , are melee weapons good ? 
  i heard that some fights are very hard if not impossible without guns . 
  basically the title . 
  i 'd like my character to sleep with jeanette , but the `` save both '' option seems better ( and gives more xp apparently ) . 
  edit : using the latest basic unofficial patch . 
  so not plus . 
  is there a free keylogger that starts working as soon as window starts ( so does n't need to be turned on ) , is hidden , and preferably is able to send the data to another computer ? 
  antivirus/malware protection are not an issue since i 've got full control over the computer . 
  i know you can do the alt-f2 ( or whichever one it was ) thingy to unlock everything that you have unlocked on steam on another save file . 
  but can it be done in reverse ? 
  get steam achievements if you have a savefile with something unlocked ? 
  so the corrupted grail basically always fucks you over by just fulfilling your wish by killing stuff . 
  what if your wish was to kill someone/a group of people ? 
  would it be able to twist that somehow into killing more ? 
  or would you outsmart the grail ? 
  [ this just happened to my new tab page . 
  ] ( http://prntscr.com/86n16p ) there used to be 8 thumbnails and now there 's only 6 . 
  the one side of the screen ( where the other 2 would be ) is now empty . 
  how do i bring all 8 back ? 
  version 44.0.2403.155 m literally just reinstalled trying to fix this . 
  so i do n't really have a huge success rate with lucid dreaming . 
  it 's ~ once every 2 months for me . 
  i do n't really try since doing all those reality checks and dream journal things is a bit too weird for me . 
  it just kinda happens to me . 
  and when it does , i always try to do magic and stuff . 
  now here 's the actual question :, 
  ** what determines if i 'll succeed at doing something in a lucid dream ?
