  is that run winnable ? 
  can you even kill the champion without dying ? 
  i may be stupid , but i still ca n't see anything . 
  huh ... now i saw it ... but it is just so minor ... how can anyone notice this while playing ? 
  expected this to be the alt-f4 glitch . 
  was wrong . 
  lol 's were had . 
  new vegas base games was pretty good about it . 
  dlc 's however were fucking retarded . 
  owb 's robots were insane bullet sponges at higher levels . 
  and as for lr , it 's easier to do it at 30 than at 50 because at around 30 you should have all the necessary perks , and the gear kind of caps out at that point . 
  at 50 , deathclaws scale so much they literally one shot you ( literally ) . 
  of course i 'm not interested in higher education . 
  i 'm interested in feeding myself . 
  for which i need a job . 
  for which i need that higher education . 
  it 's a necessary evil , i do n't have to like it . 
  it 's 2015 and i 'm doing pascal now . 
  yay serbia . 
  erm ... free pascal :d looks like shit , ca n't be maximized in windows 7 , stuff like that ( we do have delphi and lazarus installed but we do n't do shit with them ) . 
  eh i would n't say `` a lot '' but yeah there 's some rooms with simply unavoidable damage ( or some where you literally spawn on the enemy and die instantly ) . 
  it 's not even close to vanilla isaac though . 
  i 'm getting the clean isaac mod as soon as it gets finished . 
  `` well hidden secret '', 
  there literally were achievements related to it . 
  they had it coming . 
  i 'm with you man , on the other floors i can see them . 
  womb ? 
  fuck that , i think in my entire playtime of rebirth i only successfully saw one tinted rock there ( the rest were all by accident ) . 
  if he wanted it to be kept secret , there should not have been achievements related to it . 
  see how long the donation machine luck up/dwta thingy has been hidden for ? 
  that 's because there was n't anything even indicating it was there . 
  on a personal note , why does he care how other people would like to play the game ? 
  i like to learn everything about the game as fast as possible . 
  someone else would like to not get spoiled . 
  people are different . 
  you 're not forced to look at threads with spoilers . 
  if there 's any untagged / spoilers in title i 'm sure mods will flair/remove it fast . 
  meanwhile some people will want to discuss the new items . 
  was it not approximately every 10 coins ? 
  no mods ( i did have extended timeline , but i disabled + removed it so that 's not it , and no i did not play a part of the campaign in extended ) . 
  pope gave the land to britain and norway though . 
  not for me he did n't . 
  how is he a better judas ? 
  judas has 1.35 dmg multiplier . 
  laz ii has 1.2 . 
  other stats are the same + judas has bob . 
  i believe that was added later . 
  i clearly remember many nl episodes where he was talking about that ( the polaroid being a random drop rather than mom ) . 
  what alt-f4 `` bug '' are you talking about ? 
  are you referring to the glitch where you can not die by alt-f4ing ? 
  i thought it was big fan that broke the orbital limit ? 
  finish, 
  verb, 
  bring ( a task or activity ) to an end ; complete . 
  like ... you literally have to do the lost to 100 % the game and get all the achievements . 
  i believe you 're both wrong . 
  taking a deal has nothing to do with it , if you see the door open the `` reduced chance '' is triggered . 
  seeing a door on the last floor makes your chance of getting one on this floor get multiplied by 0.25 ( so 25 % chance ) . 
  seeing it on the floor before that makes your chance multiply by 0.75 ( not 100 % sure about this ) making it equal 75 % chance ( assuming no other items ) . 
  it was sadder in 2003 version though . 
  i think it 'll be the reverse blank card . 
  copies the effect of your active item ( this + new item diplopia or whatever it was called = 4 of the same item ) . 
  i believe both the village bicycles and the bicycle thieves were in the very last episode he uploaded . 
  yeah , wish i had a way to buy ( rebirth ) . 
  my parents are like `` the internet people will steal all the moneyz '' . 
  ah well , 1 more year : /, 
  nope . 
  it 's # 9 on / r/all now . 
  same here ... i mean , i do n't really care too much about the other characters , but it removed my chest lost unlock and made cathedral unlock `` normal '' ... fuck me if i 'm doing that again . 
  it 's happening to everyone . 
  it 'd be nice if someone could upload a well converted rpg save file so we can play ( fuck finishing the lost again ) . 
  well , all the secrets are still unlocked so i assume so ( nl got the d100 in his stream , dunno if his save is messed up though ) . 
  so can someone upload a properly converted rpg save ? 
  my imports keep messing up . 
  can anyone post a full well converted rpg save ? 
  need a head start so i just experience afterbirth . 
  man , why are you downvoted : / brought you up to 0 . 
  yeah , please if someone could do this . 
  so i was doing the `` guardian challenge '' and was on the flooded caves . 
  there was a room with the spikes where you have to press a button to drop them . 
  i randomly died when the fucking guy went over spikes with isaac 's heart ( that should n't happen cause isaac 's heart makes you immune to spikes ) . 
  edit : i should add i had 5 + hearts when it happened . 
  you probably ran out of coins . 
  when you get hit you lose coins ( so blood banks and demon judgements and curse rooms are a big no no in that challenge ) . 
  just in case it 's not clear from the picture : what happened to my donation machine in greed mode ? 
  it just exploded ? 
  well , when the donation machine explodes , you lose all the money in it ? 
  my donation machine jammed last time after i donated like 50 cents , but it did n't explode . 
  i 'm worried i 'm gon na lose all my donations . 
  tech x ? 
  whenever i tried that item it always seemed so crappy . 
  am i missing something ? 
  i just kept rolling and rolling . 
  the good thing about the lost is you can stop the waves any time you like and he does n't take damage . 
  chaos was the mvp of my run , gave me dead cat in the item room . 
  if someone wants karma , there 's way better ways than doing this . 
  the sub is ( relatively ) small . 
  most you can hope for is 1k upvotes ( and with most nl videos they go from 200-500 ) . 
  haha , about the same here .
