  too bad it does n't work now as you have to at least scratch the enemy to get xp . 
  i 'd rather risk my life while making a hero of myself than getting shot at with a whole bunch of others in the corner , like a dumbass . 
  you do n't know the fight or flight instinct ? 
  my classroom 's on the second floor so no much room to flight . 
  so i 'll just ... run into the table or something ? 
  if there were more i 'd probably hide , but if there 's 1 guy , i 'd probably wait for him from behind the door . 
  would n't wan na be the first in line of course . 
  i hate how people have to put the / s tag every time in fear of downvotes ... kind of ruins the `` sarcasm '' factor of it ... 
  i was sure it was `` this is it , this is it , this is it , i 've been hit '' . 
  my whole week is a lie . 
  the `` voice '' protagonist actually immerses me more ... i do n't know why , but i can relate to someone that actually talks . 
  i make him look the same as me , give him my name , and it 's almost like it actually is me . 
  mine says `` silver shroud armor '' . 
  not costume . 
  i fixed mine by increasing my level to 35 exactly . 
  seems to be a bug and he 'll offer the upgrades at only those exact levels . 
  seems you 're sol . 
  downvoted for not understanding a joke ... sigh ... 
  yes , rpg immersion . 
  it really is . 
  i attempted it twice . 
  first time i got one shot due to the weird spikes bug , but i had 6 + hp on the mom floor . 
  second try i got it . 
  you just have to employ unconventional strategies . 
  buy hearts from the shop . 
  bomb out of any rooms with walking hosts . 
  go balls deep on the enemies . 
  i 'd say it 's the best challenge out of the new ones , if it were not for the weird one shot bugs with spikes/red poop . 
  wait a few seconds until he rerolls . 
  how come shots are being fired on their own ? 
  holy mantle is abusable . 
  there was even a post about it . 
  i know most of the stuff but i do n't know how the tear was shooting on its ' own . 
  `` named after him '' can you explain ? 
  i thought they fixed that when afterbirth was released ? 
  i tried and it did n't work . 
  it 's deleted now but from what i remember it was really really obvious the `` changelog '' was fake . 
  why are stain , greed , and hush not fair ? 
  i did that one so many times . 
  nothing special . 
  you should have specified ultra greed ... regular greed is pretty easy and non rng . 
  stain 's telefragging is bullshit . 
  i never had issues with the `` bullet hell '' though . 
  they rarely appear together and you can hide behind stuff in that devil wave on the shop . 
  most of hush is perfectly dodgeable , the only one i can not dodge with 100 % consistency is the continuum shots ( if they hit me when they just start out , otherwise you can quickly find a safe spot ) though i heard people say you can dodge them first try too . 
  damn . 
  someone go test if it works for unlocks . 
  it 's gon na be awesome if it works . 
  are you sure 2 is not illegal ? 
  blizzard says playing on private servers is illegal even if you have the game , because you 're playing a different version . 
  i may be missing some reference here , but `` muda '' literally means `` balls '' ( of the `` near the penis kind '' ) in my language so i was kinda confused for a little while . 
  i added an exception for reddit , and it just happened again . 
  well you do have to get lucky to find the `` double shot '' effect . 
  i 've been using a regular .45 sniper with that effect . 
  it does a bit over 200 damage and i 'm happy with it . 
  never run out of ammo . 
  if i found a gauss with double shot i still probably would n't use it cause that ammo is so rare . 
  yes . 
  talking about the guardian challenge . 
  i have it at lvl 3 . 
  i have over 2k of all the other ammo . 
  only 200 gauss ammo . 
  i had rpg , but i still considered myself rather mediocre at the game . 
  i still never took stopwatch because ... it really was unfun . 
  now that i see all these comments ... i 'm starting to think i really am in the minority . 
  previously i though everyone shared my opinion the stopwatch is only for the lost runs . 
  let me be clearer :, 
  i am heading north and facing north ( with the camera ) , `` a '' will move me west as it should . 
  i am heading north and facing south ( with the camera ) , `` a '' moves me east because that 's left based off the way i have my camera set up . 
  maybe not `` never '' but 99/100 times i wo n't reroll holy mantle no matter how bad the run is . 
  if you break the game , you 'll have no trouble one shotting most bosses ( the ones without `` armor '' anyway ) . 
  well , it is a very old philips monitor ( 10 years ) . 
  yep , playing it right now and it 's great . 
  tw2 was really really bad compared to 3 . 
  also not a programmer , but could n't they just copy sprites over , and adjust hitboxes ? 
  you wo n't really take more than 1 damage on most rooms anyway . 
  that 's why holy mantle is so amazing . 
  lost and eve , okay . 
  missing poster technically does have a use but it 's very niche . 
  big rooms is a feature , not a buff . 
  synergies are , again , a feature . 
  dr fetus was ** fixed ** at least according to edmund . 
  i tried it all mate . 
  saving , reloading , spamming every pixel of the screen . 
  eh , i do ~ 1200 damage with a sneak attack . 
  nope . 
  i know the difference . 
  i did get a mod ( that did n't work at first ) but i fixed it so it allowed me to teleport through the wall . 
  the eye is not the issue , i can remove other illusions just fine . 
  it 's just some specific walls . 
  fuck you automoderator . 
  i mean , i finished the game , but fuck you . 
  it 's not exactly correct , but it 's close-ish . 
  where 'd you see that ? 
  i 'd wager it 's very untrue considering when you get ripped to shreds by a deathclaw you do n't see any synth parts . 
  wait ... i 'm not sure how this works ... where 's the black bean in picture # 2 ? 
  edit : nevermind i mixed up the bean and the black bean . 
  it 's a fun mechanic , but honestly the item is n't that strong . 
  5/10 just cause it 's unique . 
  lazarus should 've been called something along the lines of `` kebab removers '' and it should have also included ottomans-does not exist .
