  greirat always lives . 
  try starting as a cleric . 
  you get the heal miracle , and the incredibly good weapon , the mace . 
  you can use it through the entire game basically . 
  if you intend to roll ( as i remember bloodborne is all about dodging rather than shielding , so you probably wan na continue the trend ) i recommend heavily leveling `` adaptability '' and possibly `` attunement '' if you 're a caster , at start . 
  until your agility is 99 ( .4 seconds of invincibility ) ( and then get it to 105 ( .43 seconds ) later if you want , i even went for 111 myself ( .46 seconds of invincibility ) ) . 
  do n't be discouraged . 
  i do n't know if you have scholar or vanilla , but i started with the scholar , and probably died in forest of the fallen giants about 50 times . 
  in the entire playtrough , i then died about 175 times . 
  so almost a third of my deaths were in the first zone . 
  worst offender is the dancer grab . 
  feels like it belongs in ds2 . 
  hitboxes are usually great , but god damn the dancer grab is absolutely terrible . 
  the `` leg '' part does n't get dirty/smelly as easily . 
  super meat boy would be nice . 
  thank you . 
  you should . 
  the challenge is pretty fair and fun except mom and walking hosts ( just bomb out of those rooms ) . 
  i finally noticed how annoying they are ... after literally finishing blood and wine ( so basically that 's it for the witcher ) . 
  [ just in case someone wants to see where the damn painter is \\ ( it took me a while to find him , quest marker only shows up when you 're really close to him \\ ) . 
  so erm ... 0 mom kills you say ? 
  you may be in for a. . . surprise ... 
  246 , thanks . 
  said `` ruin '' an item . 
  not make it better . 
  agreed . 
  afterbirth is easier , there 's way too many broken synergies . 
  just posting because i want to see what subs i get banned from if i post . 
  triglypuff needs more weight . 
  i 'm not really that knowledgeable about it , but would a couple of sprites really take up so much memory ? 
  what are you supposed to understand other than that they 're eating the grandson ? 
  i got it immediately and am now wondering what i was supposed to originally think . 
  yup , but would n't a sprite be proportionally small ? 
  one thing i do n't understand is , why do people care ? 
  like , does it affect the quality of the video in any meaningful way , whether he came up by something himself , or saw it on some other place ? 
  that 's what you think . 
  [ i got banned from / r/offmychest already ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/ac09e9cc2ede410d9636b1695fa177c1.png ) , but i think it was for posting in some other sub . 
  i heard however you get banned in a few more and wanted to see which ones . 
  imma try subscribing now . 
  and after doing that you 'll complain when you get speed upgrades because you no longer need them ? 
  summoned yuria for soc once , she died before the hp bar got down to half . 
  and that 's exactly when you 'd need the speed , and would actually be happy to get a wooden spoon or whatever other than just be `` whatever i wanted damage '' . 
  i 'm much more fine with low speed than low damage/tears . 
  i could make the same argument about the lack of damage versus `` champion that splits into two champions '' version of `` thing that spawns blue silk worms '' . 
  i think there could be a situation in which you literally do n't have enough damage to kill it fast enough . 
  when have i talked bad about it ? 
  i said ** i ** got bored . 
  that is not `` talking bad '' , merely me saying i disliked it . 
  you can dislike good things . 
  full price was too much , but if it was priced like dlc or something , it would definitely have been worth it with all the new enemy/item/graphics updates . 
  if that 's true , then that 's great . 
  was it only on steam ? 
  sounds like it could be it . 
  i 'll wait to see if anyone has any more recommendations . 
  hah , the only boss that really worries me is manus . 
  after doing a ds3 sl1 playtrough , this one should be easier ( because the bosses do n't have so many `` no telegraph one shot '' moves ) . 
  i find kalameet pretty easy tbh . 
  almost killed him first try on my latest run ( if i hit him once more i 'd have had it , got greedy ) . 
  also , does the dark wood ring affect anything except i-frames and the animation ? 
  cause i put it on , and i swear i feel like it takes away i-frames , and fucks up attacks after rolling . 
  as soon as i took it off , i stopped getting hit while rolling . 
  yup . 
  also / r/rape . 
  never got any messages from them though . 
  [ yep , first 3 seconds of this version are exactly what i 'm looking for . 
  for some reason i had super mario bros in my head . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ycn-a0nsnk ), 
  r7 260x, 
  i can run ds3 on low 60 fps most of the time . 
  nah , the friend is definitely not a bat . 
  it 's a human being . 
  nope . 
  take very good care of my computer . 
  like i said , rest of the game is fine . 
  just these 2 particular examples fuck it up . 
  very much glad because of that . 
  i read rather fast , and can not stand watching a 12 minute video , for something i read in 3-5 . 
  music : /, 
  and if that 's what community wants , why ban it ? 
  took me the longest time to understand what `` broken broken '' sword meant . 
  never had a weapon break in ds3 . 
  [ try this website . 
  i can comfortably read at around 700 wpm . 
  the video has 2.1 k words . 
  so it took me between 3 and 4 minutes to read ( because i did n't exactly focus on reading fast , that 's why it 's not 3 exactly ) . 
  i read it in 3x the speed it would take me to watch it . 
  that 's why i very much prefer reading something , than watching a video about it . 
  if you 'll be playing with m & kb , make sure to get dsmousefix . 
  do n't get discouraged if the gameplay seems `` clunky '' and `` awkward '' at first . 
  that 's how it felt to me as well . 
  i must have posted like 3 threads here the first day i started playing , asking how to do this and that and yada yada yada . 
  at some point it just fell into place . 
  now the gameplay feels perfect . 
  also nl is a fucking bitch that gave up on nk : /, 
  i ca n't be the only one to not really care yoel 's questline was spoiled ? 
  no way he 'd figure it out himself , he 's too good to die 16 times before abyss watchers , after picking up yoel . 
  i 've dumped countless hours from ... well not exactly the beginning but i played pre-rebirth , and i love any kind of shitpost , eden post , guppy post etc. 
  anon if you 're gon na troll at least do n't be so obvious . 
  heh , very impressed that in the top 200 comments i ca n't seem to find `` pewdiepie '' . 
  times sure have changed .
