  after a few months i tried again , got to the part where you 're in prison ... and got bored . 
  basically the game was n't keeping me interested . 
  i do however hear that the witcher 3 is pretty great . 
  if i clearly did n't like 2 , do you think i should try out 3 ? 
  anyone knows how to add the song `` big iron '' into the game ? 
  or make a custom soundtrack ? 
  so i got on board the giant weird ship thingy . 
  i did the quest to clear out that fort . 
  and ... that 's it . 
  i have no more quests there . 
  am i missing something or i must advance the main quest to get more quests ( i 'm currently on the glowing sea quest ) ? 
  edit : also , how do you get back on the giant weird ship thingy ? 
  without using fast travel i mean . 
  is there a cap on how much your companion `` likes '' you ? 
  i 've been making piper love me with all that lockpicking , but i wonder if , since i 've had her for a long time , i can now start being the usual thief/mass murderer/bully i usually am without her getting too upset ( as the lockpicking would push her up high ) or is there an actual cap , which means she 'd quickly leave me ? 
  so apparently turns out it was actually 60 years that has passed , and shaun is now an old man . 
  how come people remember that he lived in diamond city with that other guy ( i understand why he did n't get older , he was a synth ) ? 
  if it 's been 60 years surely they should have forgotten it . 
  so i 've had this error for 3-4 months now . 
  it happens randomly . 
  the webpage does n't load . 
  it can happen anywhere but mostly happens on reddit . 
  i was wondering if this is going to be fixed ? 
  the `` workaround '' is going to chrome : / / net-internals / #events & q = type : spdy_session % 20is : active and doing `` flush sockets '' . 
  i hope that can help you guys in fixing this . 
  so i run past the enemy . 
  i move the camera around to look behind and set up the next attack , while of course holding a to move to the left . 
  except the game for some reason bases its ' movement off the camera rather than the horse so my horse just stops moving , at which point the enemies come and buttfuck me . 
  is there something ( a mod ) that will keep `` a '' to be `` horse '' left rather than `` camera '' left . 
  i do n't know if i explained the issue properly , but i 'm sure you all know what i 'm talking about , as it 's really weird . 
  my monitor is , well , kind of dark . 
  i 've started playing the witcher 3 recently and i ca n't see literally anything in dark areas . 
  only option is to go fullscreen and raise gamma to max . 
  but fullscreen lowers my fps a little for some reason so i 'd like to play in borderless window . 
  except when i play in borderless window it uses monitor gamma . 
  ok i thought i 'd raise it . 
  i raise the sucker almost all the way up , and for a split second the monitor goes way brighter ... then it just reverts back to the previously dark state ( the slider is still all the way at the top ) . 
  why is my monitor doing that ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's a `` feature '' or something since clearly it 's possible to be changed if the game is fullscreen . 
  anyone know a way to fix this ? 
  i have the eye of newhatever , the `` interact '' button just does n't pop . 
  i tried rotation the camera around everywhere , moving , nothing works . 
  alternatively is there a mod/console command to just move me 2 meters ahead so i can skip the wall ( i can remove some illusions , it 's just the walls that are buggy ) . 
  so i made it to the prestigious spot of the king of norway some time ago . 
  it 's now about 790 and i want to start raiding . 
  except , the problem is that all the loot is protected by the forts ( says `` max loot :0 '' ) . 
  who am i supposed to raid exactly ? 
  there 's only 3 counties in the scandinavian area that have some loot ( and it 's like 4-9 gold ) . 
  i ca n't reach the `` rich lands '' because i have no ships ( even though i got shipyards in my lands that i got through the event ) . 
  is this viable ? 
  or am i better off using just enough artillery to get the +5 bonus ? 
  title basically . 
  want to know what i should focus on . 
  town/castle/temple infrastructure ? 
  i 've been looking for a country to play as in the cossacks , and yeren has caught my eye . 
  i never played it before though . 
  it starts off as a horde right ? 
  can i get all those `` animist '' bonuses , then reform to manchu and get their sweet bonuses and muslim tech ( because yeren ) while remaining a horde ( so i can do the razing i 've seen in arumba 's videos , looks pretty fun , if you can do the continental trick from asia to europe you would actually gain admin for coring ) ? 
  that is , will any of that stuff change my government type ? 
  is there a specific point when it is `` best '' to do it ? 
  i know dlc 's in some games are better left up to a certain point for reasons ( like citadel in mass effect 3 is best left up near the very end of the game so you can invite the most people to the party ) . 
  when i take land , i like to take it so i cut the country into 2 ( or more ) pieces , my logic being that it would mean they have more difficulty dealing with rebels . 
  is that actually a good strategy ? 
  i hear people talking about `` you can never have a bad ruler as a horde '' because of `` succession wars '' . 
  can someone elaborate on this ? 
  say you get a 0/0/0 heir , how to force a succession war ? 
  how do they work ? 
  my tribes had a very normal amount of influence/loyalty/land given to them , yet i just got a tribal revolt ( out of nowhere , during a war ) . 
  i heard there 's a `` reward '' at the end of the dlc , and you can apparently choose to gain `` knowledge '' about the end of the game ( basically have the game tell you what choices to make so you get the best ending ) . 
  i 'd like to know if this is missable in any way . 
  i do n't want to spoil myself completely on the endings , but i do n't know if i 'll enjoy replaying such a massive game for the specific purpose of getting a better ending . 
  so the game giving me some hints seems to be the middle ground . 
  also , how clear is the `` help '' you get ? 
  is it cryptic stuff like that one gwent card player old man i had to get herbs for ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pirw04t.png ) keeps popping up whenever i alt tab a couple of times out of the witcher 3 . 
  i have no issues with performance , and no matter how many times i click `` do n't show this message again '' , the message pops up again . 
  how do i disable this for good ? 
  where can i actually see the `` bonus '' hordes get to fighting in their land ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it anywhere . 
  so i took a short break from isaac , due to the fact the only stuff i 've yet to do is the new spoiler unlocks . 
  preparing myself for holding r i started a greed run ... only to find myself having weird eyes . 
  it was tech x !, 
  i must 've picked up eden 's blessing on the last run . 
  spirits high the first item room contained growth hormones . 
  the rest of the run was pretty bad with items ( i think i finished with like 7-8 items ) but who cares after a start like that . 
  curse of the maze actually allowed me to skip the entirety of the shop as it opened the end door for me . 
  one less thing to worry about on the spoiler 's post it note . 
  got hit only 3 times ( once vs the bloat on the depths , twice vs ultra greed ) . 
  also , to tech x , i will never say you 're not good enough again . 
  anyone can recommend any lp 's that will help me learn more about the game ? 
  i 'm playing enemy within on normal and it 's pretty hard . 
  i tried watching the ( apparently famous ) lp of that one guy on insanity without losing any soldiers , but then people in the comments were saying that guy was a fraud and was `` save scumming '' because of his awesome starting soldiers and also the fact the aliens were acting weirdly , so i thought i would n't learn too much there . 
  so i 've got this issue where on some videos the audio is horribly out of sync . 
  talking like a 4-5 second difference . 
  the issue is apparently solved by going to incognito mode and then watching the video . 
  how to fix that ? 
  version : 47.0.2526.80 ( official build ), 
  so i 'm trying to do the human error quest , except ... everything 's messed up . 
  the `` gatekeeper '' that 's supposed to give me the test just says something like `` welcome back '' . 
  i can literally open the gate .
