  there 's clear values . 
  also , it may not matter to you , but it does to me . 
  and many others . 
  you do n't really have to , you can `` glitch '' them out , but i did n't want to look up how to do it , as i wanted to come up with my own strategies . 
  i could n't so i just knocked them out . 
  on the other hand , it could also cause people to become complacent . 
  also , no need for that language centipede . 
  we 're better than that . 
  above all : it 's a circlejerk . 
  no idea how it started . 
  there are many harder and unfair bosses . 
  you can find bloat hard , but it 's perfectly predictable . 
  eye hitbox is wonky though . 
  at least you 're in the eu , i dunno how many hats are shipped to countries that were bombed ~ 17 years ago . 
  bots and vote manipulation ? 
  you 're talking about our high energy !, 
   starting a war, 
   lesser evil than some adult words, 
  come on nigga . 
  i have you upvoted 77 times ... 
  say it with me, 
  l a n d s l i d e, 
  serb here . 
  definitely staying up all night to watch it go down . 
  as somebody outside of america , i 'd much rather trump have the nukes in his hand than hillary . 
  i dislike the mechanic simply because there 's no way to absolutely guarantee you 'll be able to get both key pieces ( from angel rooms ) . 
  not an exception at all , according to how many non-american flags i see in t_d . 
  i mean , putin 's a good president . 
  i dunno if russia has 2 term limits . 
  is it that hard to imagine people actually want putin ? 
  i mean fuck , even if it 's not , better a good dictator than a failed democracy ( see current state of usa , soon to be fixed ) . 
  holy mother of balls . 
  well ... shitty resolutions are a thing ... 
  eh ... i feel like i might be in the same boat . 
  i believe i 'll probably be able to play it , but at something ridiculous like 800x600 . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that you 'll be able to change the resolution ... like in literally every single game . 
  do n't see why not . 
  it may look like shit , but hey , at least you have the option to play . 
  on may 1st we in serbia annually go and get drunk off our asses out in the woods or wherever . 
  it 's always a fun time . 
  the way i see it , requirements are always for 1920x1080 ( or something like that ) . 
  i 've been able to play gta v , fallout 4 , and the witcher 3 , all with 60 fps with varying degrees of quality settings , when it said i would n't be able to even run them , because i played at a lower resolution ( 1280x1024 ) . 
  america was colonized , and became better than its ' colonizers . 
  the res of my current monitor ( 1366x768 ) has ~ 2 times less pixels to display than 1920x1080 . 
  so , i have high hopes . 
  well ... this gives me hope ... 
  mate ... i got i3 3210 and r7 260x ... i 'm hoping on low ... 
  reddit as a whole ? 
  god fuck no . 
  same here . 
  do it every time . 
  jesus fuck ... why did this ... thing ... come out of my country ? 
  heh , i was referring to the actual woman , rather than the ... satanic blood thingy ... 
  mate ... i 've missed this shit , can you elaborate ? 
  over pm is fine if you do n't wan na post that here . 
  mate , trust me . 
  i never replay any games ( just like you apparently ) . 
  none at all . 
  witcher 3 ? 
  fuck no , one playtrough . 
  but i replayed dishonored 1 ( and the dlc 's ) approximately 10 times , and i expect to get at the very least the same mileage out of dishonored 2 . 
  i think there 's a fine line between `` someone does something very stupid '' , and `` marches couriers down mid/deletes items/tiny or pudge shenanigans '' . 
  one is something that can totally be ignored ( flaming ) . 
  other one is something you ca n't do anything about ( unless you wan na fight over the courier with him at which point you ca n't play very well ) . 
  heh , is it cheese pizza ? 
  i think this is rebirth . 
  best answer literally is : just practice . 
  if you do n't mind spoiling yourself , use [ this website ] ( http://platinumgod.co.uk/afterbirth ) to learn what the items do . 
  i really really like this item . 
  would leave as is . 
  heh , i do n't really recall all the items you 've covered , but i like discussing the `` zany '' items , and `` shitty '' spacebar items . 
  only difference is more champions , more curses and fewer red heart drops . 
  really not worth playing normal . 
  nl is actually amazing at the game . 
  jesus christ man . 
  i 'm not even american and i teared up watching that . 
  same here leafbro . 
  he does the `` playing '' part amazingly . 
  the fact he 's bad with strategies is not what i was referring to . 
  egg 's entertaining though . 
  very irrelevant , but what would you say from my post history ? 
  that would be a yes on the latter , 18 here . 
  oh god please yes . 
  more of this . 
  you started off with eden 's blessing , it gave you stigmata . 
  just go out and vote vote vote vote vote !, 
  trump will handle this ** when ** he gets elected . 
  hey ... you 're not / u/nathansbud ... 
  anyway , i 'd change tiny planet to be more like the community remix version . 
  it 'd be great fun like that , and i 'd always take it . 
  i almost always skip it as is . 
  it was actually good . 
  tears would stay at the same distance and actually orbit for a while , so you would have a shield of tears that destroys everything around you . 
  simple googling . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szokg4ypjhy ), 
  damage , tears , health , luck , speed , range , shot speed . 
  i saw some posts have absolutely insane amounts of votes ( like 90k , what was up with that ) . 
  that being said go out and *** vote vote vote vote vote !!!, 
  #go out and vote vote vote !!, 
  #vote for us europedes that can not !,
