  then today i read this thing about how you 're `` never under any circumstances supposed to uninstall mods during a playtrough '' ... yeah ... it 's been like 20 hours of gameplay since that point . 
  since i have n't actually triggered anything related to the civil war , will anything too terrible happen with my save ? 
  they have this annoying habit of getting lost , and fast travelling anywhere/waiting 24 hours does nothing . 
  i 'd really like to not lose the 2 that i have right now , as they 're ancano and that other mage guy whatshisface that is in the ruins where you do the `` cast ice on the focus lens '' puzzle , purely for humiliation reasons ( i took off their clothes as well ) and so would not easily replace them . 
  and they 're not even that bad considering they cast spells . 
  can anyone tell me why i ca n't see any rain ? 
  i hear thunder but i see no rain ( and i do hear the rain actually i just ca n't see it ) . 
  if i force a thunderstorm with the `` true storms '' mod the rain shows up for like 20 seconds and then is gone again . 
  i am also using climates of tamriel . 
  so i 've wanted to play a mage , and after looking up how they are i see stuff like :, 
  `` you constantly have to use potions . '', 
  `` random enchanting or fortify skill exploits i do n't know anything about as i have n't actually played the game . '', 
  `` pure mage in morrowind is the worst thing since star wars episode 2 attack of the clones . '', 
  basically it seems like mages suck , unless you know what you 're doing , in which case they become godly . 
  now , i have no intention to actually look up all those `` exploits '' ( i read something about raising intelligence to 4k ... i thought the cap was 100 ) and would like to just play normally ( i intend to use an always +5 mod because fuck efficient leveling ) . 
  i would like to just play a destruction mage , maybe a bit of conjuring and probably some illusion and alteration without dabbling in alchemy/enchanting and not drinking potions ( i always hoard a ton of them but never use any ) . 
  is that possible ? 
  are there any mods that will make it not so horrible ? 
  i saw one that gives magicka regen , so will definitely be getting that , and also another one that removes spell reflect as i heard after a certain point every enemy will reflect your spells . 
  additional question : if i get the `` morrowind overhaul v3 '' do i need the `` morrowind code patch '' ( which i assume is the `` unofficial patch '' like from oblivion and skyrim ) . 
  any other `` bug fix mods '' i should get ? 
  probably will get a graphic mod too . 
  i 'm not too much of a graphic whore , but , no offense , graphics are not morrowind 's strongest point ( and oh god those walking animations ) . 
  edit : what about this mod i keep seeing `` gcd '' ? 
  i read that it does make the game harder ( and i also ca n't find any download links ) . 
  how does health gain work if i have it installed ? 
  for my first character i made a battle mage that uses axes and heavy armor , as well as almost all the magics ( mysticism and alchemy are the only ones not in my minor or major skills ) . 
  but i also took sneak . 
  now , it seems insanely hard to level . 
  it took me like 5 minutes of standing behind some woman in a lighthouse to get it up by 1 level . 
  will it be worth it ? 
  i know sneaking is incredibly useful in oblivion , and even more so in skyrim . 
  about half the time , when i bring up the journal , and click `` m '' it just wo n't work . 
  trying to exit the journal presents me with the `` mod settings '' screen for half a second , and then it disappears , back to the journal . 
  this time i can exit it , and if i go into it again , i can use m to show the objective on the map . 
  anyone know why this is happening ? 
  how to fix it ? 
  just wondering . 
  i 'm probably going to restart my character , and as i am new in morrowind , i ca n't help but feel that i will get so much more use out of leveling 3 attributes a level . 
  is there a way to make morrowind run while alt tabbed ? 
  i 'd like to level sneak but i 'd also like to be able to use the pc while doing it . 
  also , does it matter if i 'm moving or not while `` leveling '' sneaking with the `` lonely npc '' method ? 
  finally , are there any negatives to the `` leveling speechcraft '' strategy i 'm using ? 
  i basically find a random npc not related to quests , bribe them for almost all of my gold , then taunt them until they attack me , so that i can take my gold back when i murder them . 
  so i ran into a problem . 
  for some reason , whenever i save while inside the siege tower , the game crashes and gives me some `` assertion failed '' error . 
  that would n't be a problem ... if the game would n't automatically autosave as i try to leave , and instantly crashing me because of that . 
  anyone knows of a way to disable autosaves/fix this bug ? 
  i am using the `` recommended '' mods such as widescreen and qwinn 's fixpack , but before you ask , i have not changed the resolution at any point during the game , and it has been set to my desktop resolution since i clicked `` new game '' . 
  can anyone actually explain how to do that ? 
  from qwinn 's fixpack , it says you can somehow save nordom if you leave him in vhailor 's place . 
  he says it 's explained in the `` pdf '' but the only thing i found resembling a pdf does not explain it at all . 
  [ removed ], 
  so i just remembered how back in vanilla nl always talked during the episodes about how `` bisnap taught me this '' and `` bisnap taught me that '' and i remember them even doing races together . 
  i have not heard anything about him since like ... rebirth . 
  what happened ? 
  did they have some kind of falling out ? 
  i 'm just wondering what you fellas would do in this very hypothetical scenario :, 
  1 ) you are transported back to 2004 . 
  2 ) you can only pick and play one character , and may not delete it . 
  ( you may have other characters for farming , but not for regular play ) . 
  3 ) your goal is to be the best in pvp across as many expansions as possible . 
  basically the question is what class do you think was consistently the strongest in pvp ? 
  when i say consistently i do n't mean `` ret pallies are teh most op cuz they had that thing at wrath launch '' . 
  i mean that they were strong in just about every expansion . 
  i remember playing a very large warcraft 3 map about dbz . 
  there 's 2 teams , the z fighters , and the villains . 
  the `` heroes '' used the classic warcraft 3 models . 
  i remember goku used to look like uther and future trunks was paladin arthas . 
  as the time progressed in the map events from the series would happen , ending with a fight against a large dragon . 
  when the z fighters died they 'd go to `` heaven '' and would go through a snake path to reach a place where they could train and get resurrected . 
  the `` villains '' had to battle through hell to get out . 
  you could get a `` dragon ball '' radar that would ping the location of the dragon balls on the map . 
  bottom right corner was the arena where you could participate . 
  the z fighters had : goku , vegeta , future trunks , gotten and trunks for sure . 
  i also think they had picolo and gohan . 
  the villains had buu , and he could go through 3 stages , and some others that i do n't remember . 
  and like i said the map was very large . 
  i 'll start by saying that dragon age origins is one of my favorite games of all time . 
  it 's in the top 5 for sure . 
  i played it so much ( like 300 hours ) and am actually playing as a dwarven noble rogue right now . 
  i did n't really feel drawn to da2 . 
  i loved sarcastic hawke but the game felt `` meh '' . 
  i tried to do another playtrough and i just could n't . 
  so that brings us to inquisition . 
  i only played it on the very release . 
  according to the game , i have about 60 hours on the playtrough . 
  i believe i have done almost every quest in all but 1 area ( which i do n't remember , and do n't know how to figure it out ) . 
  now , as i was saying earlier i have a da :o playtrough going right now , and , while playing and being saved by flemeth from the tower i of course saw morrigan . 
  that reminded me of her being in inquisition . 
  i instantly thought something along the lines of `` oh how the series was ruined since origins '' . 
  despite that , i then remembered that i only played at the release , and have not played any updates ( if there were any major ones ) nor any of the dlc 's , and plan to do so . 
  i do n't really feel like doing another whole playtrough of inquisition ( i remember some pretty grindy quests , and mineral gathering ) , but want to know what i 'm doing , so here 's a few questions :, 
  1 ) can someone recap the overall story to me ? 
  be as spoilery as possible , like i said i finished it , i just do n't remember it quite well . 
  2 ) if there were important `` side quests '' in some areas , please elaborate on them as well . 
  3 ) some basic mechanics stuff that i forgot ( how does crafting work , dex vs cunning for rogues ( varric , who 's using a crossbow ) , how to check quests in areas on the war table , stats for arcane warrior ( however it 's called ) mage ( i crafted some kind of super powered gear i believe , with a regular old cowboy hat to look cool ) , how to auto loot ( if possible ) , how to `` toggle '' interactive items , if you played origins you know what i mean , and how to recognize/highlight important items ) . 
  i want to copy a newer version of some files , but keep the older versions as well . 
  the thing is , there 's plenty of documents , and if i use the default windows option , the `` new '' ones will be `` prezentacija ( 1 ) '' rather than `` prezentacija '' . 
  is there any way i can make it so when i copy the files over , the `` old '' files will get the ( 1 ) at the end , and the new ones will have the regular name ?
