  it 's not logitech . 
  not for me . 
  or any of my friends basically . 
  when we play pes , the match is 90 % of the time won by the dude on the keyboard . 
  i find controllers horribly awkward to use , and i can not imagine playing without the precision of the mouse . 
  this and the roy one the other day are great ... any other ones possible ? 
  heh , i meant specifically from fma , but sure . 
  i think i already saw some saber ones . 
  moonlight greatsword kind of looks like excalibur . 
  do n't think it 's that , googling i managed to find a guy having the exact same issue as me . 
  no answer though . 
  not even close . 
  he missed a fair amount of stuff . 
  his onion bro is stuck in the well . 
  did that . 
  does n't fix anything . 
  ds2 map did make sense , it 's just not shown , at least that 's how i understand it . 
  we move all around the continent , of course the environment will be different . 
  earthen peak -  iron keep was dumb though . 
  vanilla basement music . 
  i see the change down below . 
  but uninfused it 'll say something like ( 200 + 50 ) implying the 200 base damage , and the 50 scaling damage . 
  and then when i go to the infuse menu it just says `` 150 physical 150 lightning '' , with nothing after that , leading me to question whether it scales . 
  they 're not fit to lick his boots ... 
  i mean , i never really worked on a big project but i made a few small ones . 
  debugging is honestly my favorite part of the work . 
  that sounds crazy op . 
  yeah , nice of them to do that . 
  pretty obvious why too , i did n't understand the deal with the elevators in me1 , but i understood this immediately . 
  it 's annoying if you 're new and trying to kill the sword master from the firelink bonfire though . 
  kill her in firelink , she respawns . 
  past : handmaid not undead . 
  kill her -  does n't respawn . 
  present : handmaid turned undead . 
  kill her -  does respawn . 
  i played all the fallouts . 
  f1 and f2 are indeed better rpg 's ( not by much ) than new vegas , but overall i 'd rather replay new vegas than either of those , simply because you know ... 3rd dimension ... no shitty isometric view ... voiced dialogue ... actual aiming ... and stuff . 
  not even gon na bother mentioning 3 , 4 or tactics . 
  i agree with most of the other points but, 
   although it does n't look that much better than ds2/sotfs , it does n't run well with most graphics cards . 
  bad optimization ? 
  i love ds2 , and have been voicing that opinion way before ds3 was released , but it looks pretty ... cartoony ... 
  ds3 looks very much better . 
  but ... i like linear levels : /, 
  that way i can make sure i have n't missed anything . 
  not that convoluted tbh . 
  level up 5 times , talk to anri and yuria whenever you see them . 
  easy . 
  biggest problem would probably be him not dying enough . 
  do n't heal dark sigil ( which he probably wo n't do , seeing as he will want to see what happens ) and do n't kill the assassin ( which he probably wo n't do either ) . 
  definitely 3 . 
  anything other than blue is wrong . 
  this is the first time i 've seen dark souls referred to as a primarily online game . 
  i have the same attitude , just for literally every single mob . 
  i do not ever skip a single mob without killing it once . 
  exiting the game is basically the pause . 
  but i agree no pausing sucks . 
  my one major gripe with the games . 
  to not be a little bitch in a fight ? 
  played all 3 games with kb/m . 
  this is of course the best one for it , but dsmousefix in ds1 made it pretty good , and ds2 was good if you disable the stupid double clicking . 
  nah man , poise is best stat , totally works . 
  yeah . 
  i thought it was the most challenging , and the best from a mechanics standpoint . 
  i do n't really care about lore that much though , and i know people gave it shit for that . 
  also dlc is god tier ( and some of the hardest fucking shit in the souls series , fuck the run ups to blue smelter demon and lud and zallen ) . 
  i feel exactly the opposite . 
  the bubble seems incredibly op . 
  i do n't really care for luck upgrades that much . 
  it was sarcasm man ... 
  did you level adp ? 
  adaptability . 
  stat that raised your defences a bit ( not important ) and your agility ( which gave you more iframes on rolls ) . 
  i have like 5 tagged with some variation of `` faggot '' . 
  no idea why . 
  or i can bring it to 80 % of the rooms and let my 1 year old nephew play ... 
  make the pill pool 10 per run , 3 guaranteed stat upgrades , other 7 are random . 
  i never seem to be able to . 
  i hate the `` 2 attacks , except you need either perfect timing , or straight up ca n't dodge the second hit '' combos . 
  i know he `` dies '' immediately after the fight . 
  i just want to know how to have him enter the fight and survive it . 
  ah , i did not even think about the `` consumables '' as i only use the `` resins '' , and i have about ... 100 of each or something , with the whole `` nothing to spend souls on '' . 
  i just did n't want to make the run back every time : /, 
  no , it takes 10-20 seconds max . 
  make a backup of the save , keep the 2 tabs open ( one with backup , one with real save ) . 
  exit game ( when you die ) . 
  while the game is showing the 2 splash screens , alt tab , copy paste save over . 
  of course , do n't forget to set it to offline so you skip immediately to being able to play rather than the whole `` connecting to server '' crap . 
  it 's very fast . 
  i figure if i 'd have done it , it would be about 1/3rd or 1/4th the run back to oceiros . 
  and we had i-frames irl . 
  i assume you 're thinking about old iron king . 
  blue smelter demon was a reskin . 
  fume knight and sir alonne were fucking awesome . 
  no , fuck that , i ended up just save scumming in front of the fog wall . 
  that is the worst run up to the boss in any souls game . 
  which he wo n't , as he wants to do yoel 's questline this time . 
  i feel aldrich faithful is n't hidden at all . 
  it 's a huge ass wide open space . 
  it 's obvious there 's an illusory wall there .
