  print ( firstnumber , '' + '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber + secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = '' - '' :, 
  print ( firstnumber , '' - '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber - secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = '' * '' :, 
  print ( firstnumber , '' * '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber * secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = '' / '' :, 
  print ( firstnumber , '' / '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber / secondnumber ), 
  edit : it works within the idle thingy , but it bugs out when i enter the `` operation '' if i run it from desktop ( a cmd thing pops up and i type in that ) . 
  any reason why that might be ? 
  that indeed appears to be the case . 
  it 's working now . 
  thanks . 
  you can find it in your `` log '' file . 
  search for `` rng seed '' or something like that , and it shows you the last run 's seed . 
  that is ... freaking genius ... 1 question though : if that son has a son ( so my grandson ) would i be playing as him ( the grandson ) or ? 
  because then he 'd technically be the youngest . 
  they should at the very least double the range on it , and massively increase its ' strength , so that it reflects bullets and charging enemies . 
  then it would maybe be useful . 
  i 'd take butter bean/the poop over soy milk . 
  at least those do n't fuck me over . 
  they just do n't help . 
  that 's how i got my first mega stan kill . 
  a +15 increase seems odd , and i did absolutely nothing to change it either up or down . 
  neither . 
  income increase . 
  inheritance gives you the money immediately as far as i know . 
  `` monthly income '' top right tab . 
  switched from 45 to 60 back to 45 . 
  orthodox . 
  all of my vassals love me and always give me the most taxes ( well not all but 3 vassals that did n't change opinions of me ca n't suddenly give me 15 g a month ) . 
  orthodox so it is n't the pope thingy . 
  probably just ck being ck . 
  it 's all about the d treshold . 
  pretty sure it does n't . 
  and nobody died anyway so i could n't really inherit anything . 
  i think the values would have to be changed , as 0.5 damage is n't a lot , and a 0.5 speed is quite high ( if i remember right the cap is 2 , so get 2 familiars and you 're probably at speed cap ) . 
  i 'd also make it give health because , while there 's shit familiars like ghost baby , you also have dark bum , lil ' brimstone , dry baby and the like . 
  but where would you get those familiars ? 
  juicy sack in an item room , where it would basically be like you picked up the halo or something ( depending on the values ) , and the other 3 most likely in a devil room , where they would cost 1,1 and 2 hearts respectively , evening it out for rotten baby and brother bobby , and costing 1 heart for lil brimstone . 
  and how many familiars do you get in a regular run anyway ? 
  hp upgrades are n't really worth it that much , if anything i 'd prefer if the item gave you spirit hearts , because i usually trade all the red hearts away for permanent polaroid invincibility/possibly whore of babylon . 
  it 's across any save file from that dynasty . 
  so you 'd be paying 15 cents , and have to get 4 familiars to get something equal to a halo ? 
  way too up . 
  calm down there satan , had enough trouble the first time . 
  thanks . 
  just like the `` chastity belt '' from before , the all stats up needs to be balanced as 0.5 damage is n't a lot , 0.5 tears is pretty good ( i consider torn photo/coathanger/that third item to be great items and they give 0.7 tears ) and 0.5 speed is too much . 
  otherwise , great idea , fuck you soy milk/butter bean/holy water . 
  i guess i forgot to include the benefit of the other stats :d i 'd still put it at least 0.5 damage as it would be 2 item pedestals for that ( the grinder + whatever you 're grinding ) . 
  a 0.3-4 tears upgrade would be pretty nice , but most of the time i really do n't care about other stats , so i do n't think it 'd be op . 
  so you would need to use 3 item pedestals ( grinder + 2 grinded items ) to get a halo ? 
  also it 's a spacebar item so no other spacebar items during that run.the stat ups would have to be balanced but definitely way stronger than what you posted . 
  you ca n't realistically give a balanced all stats up with the same number due to the stats having different caps . 
  at +0.2 damage and tears it 'd just be trash , the other stats are n't really important anyway . 
  if you change it to something balanced damage wise ( +0.5 for example ) the speed goes way up . 
  like 3 good synergies does n't make it okay in my book , sorry . 
  10/10 would placebo again . 
  does this even work on reddit ? 
  on the other hand , when he 's playing azazel , you can bet he 's gon na fuck everything up . 
  not op in the slightest . 
  i 'd take a devil item over an item room item any day . 
  sometimes i pick up ghost baby to get ppi ( permanent polaroid invincibility ) . 
  sure there 's `` chance '' you do n't get devil deals , but you should usually get 3 per run if you do n't take damage , and how often is this going to pop in the first item room ? 
  if you get it on necropolis 2 you basically break even , and pick up an item later ( that 's assuming it spawns an item room on womb 1 as description says ) . 
  and it would be even better if you get , say mom 's knife first item room . 
  pretty much a won run unless playing as the spoiler . 
  when you compare poly to brimstone or mom 's knife dou . 
  i am coming from the `` stream '' point of view . 
  yeah he 's done that 15 min run , but most of the time he finishes the nlss seed before nick , loads up an azazel run , and repeatedly dies ( most of the time ) . 
  i watch everything at 2x speed and i want moar isaac : <, 
  i 'm serbian , orthodox and i plan on conquering pretty much everything i can , how will regions affect that ? 
  so if i understand you correctly i should build holdings , and not care about actually upgrading them ? 
  hm , so if you experimented , mind confirming whether it 's more profitable to just build holdings and leave them as shit in ck 2 , or should i upgrade current ones ( of course talking about vassals , all mine are as far as technology can take them ) ? 
  also how does gold convert ? 
  and finally , `` based on your tech progress '' ? 
  i just increase military organization , improved keeps / castle economy tech , and majesty/legalism . 
  yeah i know about that one . 
  thing is , dude 's been ruling for 40 years . 
  so i do n't think it 's that . 
  or he kept armies up for 40 + years and that 's unlikely . 
  nah , pretty sure there 's actually a `` one man one jar '' due to the fact i am unable to remove it from my brain . 
  oh.my.god . 
  i just realized what number one actually means , and it is n't # 1 as i previously thought ... 
  a ) 20/20 + inner eye + mutant spider = multiply the number of tears ( equaling 24 ) . 
  i guess they only add tears , but it would be cool if they multiplied instead . 
  maybe op , but come on , how many runs do you get 2 , if not even all 3 of these on ? 
  i rarely get even 1 . 
  b ) monstro 's lung + everything . 
  c ) doctor fetus that does n't suck ( maybe add some ( 10 ? 
  ) base damage to it , and increase the scaling damage to x5 ) . 
  d ) brimstone + 20/20 . 
  e ) bff affecting non-combat familiars . 
  wondering this as well . 
  not that beating stuff on hard is too hard , but if there 's a , say , mega stan unlocks for every character i 'd like to start doing them now . 
  yeah , it gets tough when the fucker comes back , but does n't fire instantly , so you think maybe you got enough time , and it always fires at the wrong moment . 
  if you 're focusing on it , should be like ipecac . 
  pretty much , but wondering if i could fix that somehow :d, 
  10/10 , would take even if i have 12 heart containers ( mostly just to get rid of them , but still counts ) . 
  make it 11 then :d, 
  seed is 7c6m kvbv , had guppy , brimstone , homing ludo fuck circle with both proptosis and lump of coal , strange attractor for if they get out of the fuck circle , triple shot , tammy 's head , dark bum , $ $ $ = power with 99 cents , tons of damage upgrades etc.
