  but i do n't have the option of setting him as my court chaplain . 
  why is that so ? 
  edit : oh and if someone could tell me how to remove the requirements on mending the great schism ( the one where i have to be the byzantine emperor ) that 'd be great . 
  here 's the situation :, 
  2 ) i would like to get the byzantine empire . 
  3 ) i have no experience in the `` assasinating games '' . 
  i can take it by force , have like double their troops , but how do i get a claim ? 
  would having my son marry a basileus 's daughter work ? 
  i 'm about to hit the vassal limit , and there 's a shitload of dukes in the kingdom of saxony that i ca n't give away . 
  i also ca n't create saxony because i am not a saxon . 
  they just do n't show up if i try to transfer them to the king of poland . 
  is this intentional , or a bug ( not being able to transfer dukes ) ? 
  and how do i go about doing this ? 
  as you can see , the dude has like 6k levies , but i ca n't raise any of them . 
  crown authority is at maximum , so that is n't the issue ( and i think he likes me anyway ) . 
  any help ? 
  also , had the king of bavaria not raise me with any troops but fixed that . 
  using my magic of seeing the future ( ie save scumming ) i have managed to set up a perfect battlefield , and defeat ilkhanate before they managed to obtain any land . 
  the dude is still `` tengri '' and his title is only titular . 
  will he be able to declare war on me again , even if he has no land ? 
  if i mend the great schism , catholics will become a heresy of the orthodox faith . 
  will i have a `` holy war '' cb against them ? 
  would help me with conquering europe ( that i ca n't holy war against ) . 
  i remember watching this movie as a kid . 
  twelve ( i think , not sure , but around that much ) people got kidnapped for no reason , and get trapped in a house by some billionaire or something . 
  he tells them that they 're supposed to kill each other , and the last one surviving gets a big money prize , and gets to leave the house . 
  they kinda neglect at first , first person dies , and it kinda snowballs from there . 
  in the end , a woman is the victor , gets the bag of money and the doors open . 
  she leaves through them , and finds herself in another house , with 11 other people all holding the bag of money she is holding . 
  can universities still be imported from ck2 ? 
  and if they can , does it count for the entire realm , or only my demesne ? 
  finally , how many are worth it before you start getting some really bad diminishing returns ( because i assume they stack multiplicatively , if they did n't you could just make 20 and have free tech ) . 
  know 4th archer 's name ? 
  i 'm just watching fate stay night , am on ep 21 and he had to go and say it . 
  saber was clueless . 
  did n't they talk , a lot in fate/zero ? 
  they even had a drinking party . 
  is this an oversight because fsn was made before zero , or am i stupid and gilgamesh 's name was actually not said at any point in zero ? 
  mended the great schism . 
  planning to conquer almost the entire world with holy wars . 
  turns out in east africa there 's a lot of monophysite and miaphysite people , and for some reason i ca n't holy war them ( even though by my logic they should be heretics because i mended the great schism ) . 
  can anyone help me with changing this ( being able to holy war monohpysite and miaphysite as orthodox ) ? 
  planning to convert an empire that encompasses almost all of ck2 lands soon . 
  and i 've got a few questions about converted armies ( and armies in general ) . 
  1 ) how do armies get converted ? 
  i saw arumba convert his hungry hungary ceries and he had a bunch of armies spread around everywhere . 
  2 ) can you declare war with armies up in eu4 ? 
  3 ) i do n't know why , but i kinda have this feeling that armies are different than in ck2 . 
  are they kind of like levies ( ie free to disband and raise when you build them once ) or like mercenaries ( build , and when you disband they 're gone ) . 
  kind of new to reddit . 
  for the first 6 months or so i 've just been staying in 1 or 2 of them . 
  lately i 'm really bored so decided to check out the other reddits . 
  i basically just go to front page , set to `` top '' for today and look at stuff . 
  problem is , only keeps me occupied for like an hour , and here i see people talk about reddit like it 's tvtropes . 
  can anyone enlighten me how i can waste more time on here ( as weird a question as it may be ) ? 
  you choose between an angel baby and a devil ( i think ) baby . 
  you 're in an arena . 
  you throw fireballs at each other . 
  you have wings and can fly . 
  it 's a pc game . 
  that 's about it . 
  can someone explain to me how this works exactly ? 
  having started fairly recently i have no idea what the hell i 'm doing , so trying to get some tips . 
  what technologies get increased passively ? 
  i have some stuck on level 3 ( shipbuilding ) and they are n't getting any progress . 
  meanwhile , legalism ( lv 7 ) is getting increased . 
  planning to convert a ck2 save with the entire map being mine , but cultures are kind of a problem . 
  not all of the counties ( well actually quite a big number ) are not my culture . 
  are they all going to be messed up when i convert to eu4 ? 
  or will they be `` acepted '' cultures ? 
  always wondered : is it better to tapshoot or charge chocolate milk ? 
  edit : dps wise , assuming you 're able to constantly shoot at the boss . 
  i understand the concept of burst damage . 
  i picked it up too quickly , and did n't manage to get a screenshot , but i just picked up pyromaniac from a red chest . 
  wiki does n't mention it being in the red chest pool . 
  anyone else experienced this ? 
  playing as portugal , my first game . 
  colonized cape verde and started working on brazil . 
  suddenly i see i have the `` overseas '' penalty on those provinces and autonomy is at 75 % . 
  what should i do about those ? 
  how do i remove that penalty ? 
  i 'm portugal , colonized a lot of brazil . 
  if i do the `` release and play '' with them , will anything change ( except losing portugal territory ofc ) ? 
  mainly asking about tech . 
  i occasionaly get events saying `` you get a spymaster '' / `` you get an artist '' and more like those . 
  but i can never figure out what they do ? 
  are they just new advisors ? 
  apparently the convererter is really erm ... bad ... and not updated . 
  wo n't accept the `` version '' of the converter and so if i want to convert a ck game i have to go manually edit the version in the file . 
  i was told that will `` mess some borders up '' . 
  say that in ck i conquered the entire map . 
  what exactly will be `` messed up '' ? 
  i 'm not sure if i should be posting this here because it 's not a request technically , and if so , can you direct me to where i should ask this ? 
  anyway , i 've been googling for about half an hour now and i ca n't find a decent civ 5 torrent with all expansions . 
  all of them keep having comments like `` does n't work '' . 
  decided to ignore it , downloaded one . 
  4gb of download later , lo and behold it does n't work ( and it 's not me being dumb , i torrented a lot of games ) . 
  the only one i would consider decent is skidrow one , but it does n't have the expansions . 
  if anyone can link me a good one i 'd appreciate it, 
  when i hover over `` moral authority '' it says `` failed inquisitions : - x '' `` successful inqusitiions : + x '' .
