  alrightie . 
  i guess that 's okay as well ... i can always kill my son . 
  ah but i do n't care that much about the land , i want that sweet gold as soon as possible ... so i guess my old king should die on his own soon and i 'll kill my son or something so i can skip to being a grandson . 
  win win . 
  as ... uninteresting as most of his videos are , i just laugh when someone calls pewdiepie stupid . 
  dude got like 30million subs , even if his videos are bad that is not someone you should be calling stupid . 
  there 's no need to worry about that 3 , 
  most entertaining to watch and figuring stuff out . 
  they really should figure out that f is nice to use for attacking , and space to hit the small rocks or stuff . 
  anyone else notice he had a save with mom heart kill ? 
  really ? 
  i can just banish her for the gold ? 
  well that is a lot simpler , brb . 
  edit : that does not work : /, 
  yeah , mind explaining those `` revolts '' ? 
  i had multiple vassals with -100 as my first king , none of them revolted ( the kind of revolts i saw in some lp ) . 
  they just kept joining factions . 
  solar system ... still haunting me . 
  for head trauma you just got ta remember to shoot the opposite way . 
  hm , family man was pretty easy compared to some challenges actually . 
  just take your time and learn how to get companions to actually attack . 
  beans though , just get a companion and you should be golden . 
  deals with the devil are great for this . 
  brother bobby/sister maggy/ghost baby ? 
  absolutely take them . 
  do n't even question it.or 2 of clubs and spam bombs . 
  yeah i know about that , but why the hell did i lose so bad with flanks , and won without them ? 
  my generals all have 15 + . 
  well , it unlocked on your save file , i guess you could try it on a different one , and do it while being online . 
  should work . 
  hm ... mind telling me about this glitch ? 
  i do n't really think i 'll be able to do it with just any random seeds , and i really do n't want to reset 999 times in order to get holy mantle and then die versus the lamb or something . 
  i 'd probably uninstall at that point . 
  not all of us are like northernlion . 
  hm , surprised by the amount of 10/10 comments ... it 's great , but probably something like a 7/10 because the regular secret rooms are n't usually hard to find , and second secret room , while nice , will not win you a run . 
  you could have a shitty pill rotation , not want to ruin permanent polaroid invincibility and ( to a lesser extent ) whore of babylon , not need red hearts , nor the random trinkets that sometimes show up there . 
  no :( got 2 spirit hearts and a pill that i forgot . 
  well ... after getting a decent run , no holy mantle or 9 lives ( i wanted to be like nl ) , but quad shot , proptosis , tech 1 and using the trick like 10 times on sheol ( fucking 2nd satan phase ) i got to dark room . 
  i got transported to a devil deal with brimstone . 
  also popped an amnesia pill too soon and did n't see where the boss is ( thanks to the compass ) . 
  i tried doing that again just to see where it is , but accidentally exited to main menu . 
  apparently , exiting saves your game ( for the alt-f4 restore point ) . 
  so , i do n't know if anyone mentioned it , but it 's much easier to go to main menu and continue , so that if you die , you do n't have to do the whole floor again . 
  you start in the previous room ( if you went to main menu and continued ofc ) . 
  yep , very helpful on the later levels . 
  of course , it can totally screw you , but very often you can get a pretty decent approximation of where the boss is . 
  almost went deaf at the `` aaah '' . 
  ok , so they may come in here for tips now . 
  1 ) hay walls are useless ( except for decorative purposes and some very advanced beefalo farming , which i 'm guessing they wo n't do ) . 
  the monsters will enter if there 's a hole , and tear them up if there is n't . 
  stone walls are only useful to trap a corridor with the traps , which they will need to know how to kill a hound for . 
  so , again , useless . 
  also hay can catch on fire . 
  2 ) kill the fleshy bulb and just put it in a chest or something . 
  it would spawn a bunch of eyes that would fuck yo shit up . 
  it 's pretty useless otherwise imo . 
  3 ) build a lightning rod and put it a certain distance away from the base . 
  i think their range is like 2 full screens . 
  so go to the center of the base , and put it where you ca n't see it from there . 
  do n't wan na end up like doc and etho 's farm . 
  4 ) hounds come at random every like 5-13 days iirc . 
  they were not caused by the fleshy bulb . 
  easiest way to get rid of them is to have a base near beefalo . 
  whenever hounds do the `` woof woof '' and stop moving for a sec , they will choose a new target . 
  most of the time it 's a player , but drag them through a herd of beefalo , and watch the hounds get decimated . 
  even better if they kill some of the beefalo cause that way you can get your winter hat , 
  5 ) if you do want to kill hounds , put on the log suit ( that you should craft as it is n't very expensive and protects you against 80 % of all damage versus hay suit 's 60 % ? 
  get a spear . 
  start running away from them . 
  prefferably on a road cause you move faster . 
  when they catch you ( which they will ) they will bite , but as you keep moving they will bite nothing . 
  when they do that you have a certain amount of time before they can attack again . 
  i think it was enough to get in 2 spear hits , but it was a long time ago , and experimentation is key :d works awesome against single/double/maybe triple hounds . 
  if there 's more you may wan na just run away . 
  6 ) very important , use the `` f '' key . 
  it attacks the closest enemy . 
  this means no fumbling with the mouse to click on moving enemies . 
  even if they do n't see this , may help someone else playing . 
  7/10 without tear effects . 
  with epic fetus/ipecac/mom 's knife/brimstone a 10/10 , just for that huge burst of damage . 
  arkham city , 69 . 
  69 anything . 
  i sometimes do n't even notice the different colored ones , and i 'm kinda close to rpg . 
  i 'm pretty sure i have taken multiple items from boss rush . 
  you just have to teleport quick enough . 
  of course that may have been fixed in some patch , but i know it worked for sure last time i tried it . 
  i find brimstone without mom 's knife much better if you ca n't allow to get hit , especially on a big room such as boss rush . 
  you can stay at range and pew pew . 
  just watch out for the bloat . 
  took me like thirty attempts . 
  beat mom 's foot , then mom 's heart , then stopped playing . 
  rebirth came out , something just kinda `` clicked '' and been beating chest/dark room/mega spoiler ever since . 
  when i get a white car or something , i like to smash a pedestrian or something just for those blood stains . 
  does n't feel right to drive in gta without blood . 
  i like ducks . 
  thanks , here 's the new improved version that actually works . 
  firstnumber = float ( input ( `` write the first number here '' ) ), 
  operation = input ( `` write the operation here '' ), 
  secondnumber = float ( input ( `` write the second number here '' ) ), 
  if operation = = '' + '' :,
