  the card still works , i do n't see why you 'd respond `` no '' to that . 
  that 's just lump of coal doing it i believe . 
  other than music ? 
  i like flash look more . 
  `` refused to connect '' here . 
  like you with the church false flag ? 
  because it 's so fitting that someone that was so self righteous about it , should be proven 100 % wrong . 
  hey . 
  i solved it . 
  hey . 
  i solved it . 
  edited in the main post . 
  bowl of tears is what isaac 's jar of tears should have been . 
  was n't me , must be mods . 
  ah , the bloat , have n't seen you around in like ... a lot ... 
  and holy shit i beat mom 's heart thinking that was finally it ... nope ... is it satan or the lamb ? 
  hm , well i dunno about exiting and continuing but that happened to me 1 floor purely by accident . 
  yep , that 's what i wanted to ask . 
  if i miss one , any point to bother with the others . 
  two item rooms ? 
  you 'd get item rooms either way , unless we 're misunderstanding each other . 
  yeah , apparently book of shadows is the way to do it . 
  how the hell does that work , wo n't you get hit all the time ? 
  yeah , happened to me as well . 
  i 've seen many complaints about hush/ultra greed , and many other things . 
  i like afterbirth , but antibirth is possibly better than it . 
  lokii would already be 2 smaller lokis . 
  my guess is it just kills them instantly . 
  do you not ? 
  there is some luck , but realistically if you 're good enough you can win 99.9 % of runs . 
  other possible items :, 
  cursed eye , bob 's brain , 9 lives , holy water . 
  this is a major problem imo . 
  i agree with your points . 
  you and me both buddy . 
  wait , hearts run away from you ? 
  rebirth ? 
  i 'd agree . 
  but i take it in ab , because spun . 
  you see , it 's okay to be mean to people that have opposing opinions . 
  it counts ? 
  see , i disagree . 
  it makes high damage runs objectively worse compared to high defense runs . 
  why spend that hp on pentagram , when you 're probably going to get a lot more mileage out of being able to get hit more , than the damage increase ? 
  80 % of stats on the internet are made up on the spot , as is this one . 
  bloat is not cheap . 
  not once did i not have enough time to dodge the brimstone , even if i go in from the sides and it shoots as fast as possible . 
  bad example , they can ruin permanent polaroid invincibility/empty vessel/whore of babylon . 
  better example would be synthoil or something ( stat upgrade ) . 
  can you pick up hearts as the lost ? 
  i mean , they would n't actually be added to your hp . 
  just in case you fly over one . 
  yeah , but i mean , if i pick them up will it fuck the run ? 
  i 'd rather fight sister vis than the cage ... 
  so start the laps with the lost , that way you have holy mantle , 
  i 'd rather they speed his attacks up , and remove the shitty damage scaling . 
  got it first real try as the lost , had glass cannon so that helped out a ton . 
  that 's also when i got the rerun achievement . 
  yeah jesus christ , i got hit like 20 times on delirium as the keeper . 
  lost i had homing brimstone guppy so that was far easier . 
  nope , i got it in the item room . 
  really ? 
  mind linking it ? 
  i mean , i know it 's not a `` poll '' but there was that `` vote for who you want from across the planet '' website , and plenty of countries loved trump including my own ( even bigger approval rating than russia ) . 
  the water effects are amazing . 
  nothing wrong with a little bit of save scumming , if the fucker can telefrag you and you ca n't do anything about it . 
  personally i did it with homing brimstone while standing over a rock , but i definitely support this method . 
  yeah , but at least that one is easy to dodge . 
  eh , it can fuck you over definitely . 
  there is more than one . 
  yeah , i 'm aware . 
  that 's why i said it `` can fuck you over '' , if you desperately need hearts fast , and they 're not dropping . 
  like the entirety of afterbirth . 
  why can you get the burning basement on a fresh save file ? 
  happened to me , was weird . 
  i 'd argue for the razor blade . 
  but the others yeah . 
  so you 're saying i could edit the file and set the counter to 31 ? 
  also it 's cool looking as fuck . 
  i 'd take it just for that . 
  sam ? 
  wait , how do they work differently in antibirth ? 
  unzip it with whatever ( winrar , winzip , 7zip etc ) , then drag your isaac save file over it . 
  i know the room you 're thinking about . 
  fuck it as well . 
  4 small spiders very close to you . 
  yep . 
  i actually like angel deals in antibirth . 
  still go for devil deals , but would never take something shitty like ghost baby just for precedent in antibirth , while i do it all the time in afterbirth +, 
  finger is dope though . 
  mfw from serbia and it 's hard as fuck to immigrate legally , while some mexican can hop the border ... 
  there 's a big difference between `` liberal '' and the cesspool / r/politics is . 
  i barely ever comment in t_d but i upvote 99 % of the stuff on the first page of `` hot '' . 
  does that make me a bot ? 
  do you ever see anything positive about trump in it ? 
  like , no matter what he does , it 'll be downvoted or even removed by mods for whatever reason ( their favorite seems to be `` misleading title '' or whatever ) . 
  or , i just happen to like all the stuff i upvote because i am unable to find it anywhere else on this site ? 
  notice i specifically said 99 % rather than 100 % . 
  well there 's a shitload of posts constantly in t_d about their posts getting removed by mods ( multiple times , for multiple reasons , that are all shaky , and much more appropriate on some anti trump posts that still remain up ) . 
  t_d is an echo chamber and it admits it freely .
