  everything went pink and it said `` serious error '' . 
  reloading/going to another area did nothing . 
  i ca n't see anything . 
  it happened when i alt tabbed . 
  better in every way that matters . 
  if you 're looking for graphics in fallout , you 're lost . 
  if you can understand what 's on the screen graphics do n't matter ( which is why the only game i wo n't play based on graphics is dwarf fortress as i literally do n't understand what the fuck is on the screen ) . 
  my new vegas never crashes , had more issues with fallout 4 . 
  and animations is the same as # 1 . 
  not for me . 
  i see very little difference between nv and 4 . 
  then again i always just use snipers . 
  if you 're born as a guy , you 're a guy . 
  nothing 's changing that . 
  the body is literally what you are . 
  there 's no `` i 'm a woman stuck in a man 's body '' . 
  it 's the same as me saying that i 'm a millionaire stuck in a poor guy 's body , and now want everyone to respect that and give me millions of dollars . 
  gender is literally whether you 're a dude or a chick ... and those are the only 2 options , before you say anything . 
  those 2 are literally the exact same thing . 
  there 's no `` i wan na be this '' . 
  you are what you are . 
  eh , i prefer brimstone . 
  even if tech x was to deal more dps , it 's kinda clunky with the hitbox . 
  not too much , but enough to make it annoying . 
  brimstone you fully control . 
  lazy worm + mom 's box + tech x is dope though . 
  so reality = mental delusion according to you ? 
  ps : regardless of the fact we clearly wo n't agree , i 'd like to thank you for not acting like a child and downvoting me every time . 
  so many people do that . 
  ignorant ? 
  you mean normal ? 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  ps : you 're like the current year meme given form . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do synergize . 
  you fire off both a knife and the tech . 
  unless i 'm confused . 
  so is tech x. 
  especially if you have high shot speed . 
  about the only 2 items in the game that do n't care about your damage are epic fetus and mom 's knife . 
  of course if you take soy milk you 're fucked either way , but at base damage those 2 items still do a ton . 
  i know that . 
  i just said it in a stupid way . 
  you can see how i say `` at base damage they still do a ton '' . 
  basically , even if you have no damage , they 're still way better than any other items at base damage . 
  but is it useful ? 
  any quests where i can pickpocket stuff ? 
  i 'm really not that far into the game and would n't mind restarting if i picked a totally useless skill . 
  minor nitpick : you 're missing `` leg '' at the start of the third line . 
  should be `` leg so hot you fry nl ( an egg ) . 
  are there many quests where you need to pickpocket stuff ? 
  i do n't care about sneak attacks , just worried i 'll be stuck in some quest where i have to pickpocket someone . 
  edit : oh also i may have accidentally murdered an elf and took all of her clothes to sell for gold . 
  the guards are n't attacking me . 
  am i safe now ? 
  no bounty ? 
  and can i use her house for storage/sleep ? 
  bloat circlejerk is just that ... a circlejerk ... bloat 's definitely not one of the hardest bosses . 
  ragman can suck a dick though . 
  fucker has too much hp for when you meet him ( 250 ) and spawns and revives those fucking spiders constantly . 
  also , fuck the haunt . 
  stand to either exact left or right of him . 
  that way he wo n't bounce off the walls like crazy . 
  if you have enough knockback/tears you can stop him before he even reaches you . 
  tech 2 was even worse than now . 
  this is exactly what i did . 
  by the way , do you maybe know how i can see pickpocket chance ? 
  that sounds more like a bug than a feature . 
  dying in the sacrifice room is a feature . 
  getting teleported to the dark room is a feature . 
  those 2 should work together and not crash the game . 
  using the sacrifice room is pretty normal to me , hence `` feature '' . 
  what 's openmw ? 
  i googled it and am not 100 % sure about it ( and also it seems incomplete ) . 
  is it safe to use ? 
  an imp waiting for me wo n't make me go `` oh boy i should really go for angel rooms and get holy water because they have no enemies ( at start ) '' . 
  those 2 are not comparable in any way . 
  fix your perspective . 
  it 's not like people intentionally glitched out the game or anything . 
  if so many people encountered the very same bug , then it 's obvious it comes from something relatively common . 
  glowing hourglass is honestly my fav afterbirth item . 
  it hurts my soul whenever nl skips it ( every time ) . 
  i 'm not asking he break the game or anything but :, 
  getting out of dead ends . 
  checking out curse rooms , and if they 're bad , you get out for free . 
  same deal goes for mob/boss trap rooms . 
  these will only save him time . 
  what ? 
  who was acting like a bunch of dicks ? 
  oh damn , i should have recognized that . 
  viewed it at very low res with res . 
  betrayal 's animation is annoying as shit . 
  i would n't take it if i got it for free . 
  only reason i 'd ever take it is dwtd precedent . 
  waaay before afterbirth came out . 
  i 'd say first half of rebirth . 
  i 'm actually surprised there 's only 1 vote for labyrinth ( apart from mine , totaling 2 ) . 
  it 's the only curse that actually fucks you over . 
  any other curse is surmountable ( you do n't have to take a ??? 
  item , and even if you do if you 're good enough there 's almost nothing that can fuck you , you can draw a map for the lost , maze is even good in some situations , darkness is annoying but just turn up the brightness ) , but you ca n't do anything for xl . 
  it essentially loses you a shop .
