  i 've been thinking of maybe taking religious ideas first , to not have to bother with fabricating claims , and going to conquer africa first , while leaving america for last ( so they 're easy fish to fry , as i should be the only western power in the game ) . 
  again , it should be pretty easy to do it with the empire that i have . 
  i 'm looking for the fastest way . 
  and i should mention that i want it to be just me on the map , no vassals ( i guess my colonies will have to be there , but apart from them ) . 
  hey . 
  i 'm 17 , male , 175m , 72kg , white . 
  that should be enough for the `` as detailed as possible part '' ? 
  anyway , here 's the deal : for the longest time now ( got ta be over 5 years ) my hands and feet always get incredibly cold . 
  i can be sweating in other parts of the body , yet still it feels like i have my feet in an ice bucket . 
  it 's really weird . 
  every single day . 
  does n't matter if it 's hot or cold . 
  really curious if i just have bad circulation , or it 's something more . 
  at one point in her route she mentions that she `` received several confessions in both yamaku and her old school '' ... was n't her old school a catholic all girl school ? 
  i read that somewhere on reddit . 
  i 've been using adblock plus so far , but if i can give money to the people i watch , and still not watch the ads ( about products which i will never buy anyway so it 's not a loss anyway ) i 'd like to . 
  does he always spawn , if he is going to spawn , or does he have a chance to spawn if you use book of revelations , instead of death ? 
  i want to know if there 's still a chance i could be fucked ( read the story below ) or if i am the biggest retard on earth ... 
  fun story time : had a 3rd level meat boy , and the book of revelations , took them to the womb ... i enter the boss room ... only to realize i forgot to fucking use the book and end up fighting teratoma ... 
  i proceed to go to the chest , get dad 's key , beat mega satan , and then realize i still need cain hard mode chest win . 
  ever since i got ublock instead of adblock , playlists on youtube do n't work for me . 
  i have to refresh the page to get the next video to start . 
  any ideas how to fix this ? 
  you know that one event where your ward catches you `` inspecting the damage to the highest tower '' ? 
  it 's worded in a way that makes me think ... is the king actually inspecting the tower or is it got episode 1 ck2 style ? 
  ( especially because you have the option for the ward to `` teach him a lesson '' and the ward gets maimed or dies ) . 
  i assume there would be `` low '' graphic settings in this game . 
  except my game wo n't let me go below `` medium '' on the textures and all that other stuff . 
  is there no `` low '' and if there is , how do i force the game to run it that low . 
  from the various routes , i gathered that attending yamaku is kind of ... on the more expensive side . 
  how does hanako afford it if she has no relatives ( and clearly no job ) ? 
  so i just raised strength , stamina and lung capacity to 100 ... and the game fucking crashed before i could save . 
  does anyone have cheats for raising them again ? 
  fuck it , is there a save game editor available so i can directly set them or something ? 
  [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/70r0lx ) happens sometimes when i 'm viewing something in foxit , and i try to zoom in/out . 
  i ca n't fix it in anyway , except by restarting the computer . 
  anyone has suggestions ( apart from using another program ) ? 
  [ here 's a slightly worse version of the issue . 
  this is technically not reddit related , but what does `` x decides '' on 4 chan mean ? 
  [ example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t7jzhxk.png ) from one of the top posts atm . 
  what would the `` dubs '' be in this case ? 
  seriously . 
  i only know of one that 's near franklin 's house . 
  is there a map with their locations or something ? 
  where can i easily get a plane as franklin , while still being early on in the story ( i just got all 3 characters available ) ? 
  why does it not matter for 100 % completion ? 
  how do i get the preparation mission to start ? 
  i chose the freighter approach . 
  i thought it 'd be a nice little feature that , after completing a character , you get certain buffs to it ( that can of course be turned on/off in case people feel it 's too easy ) . 
  by `` completing '' i mean filling out the post it note on hard , and killing mega stan with it ( since right now there 's not much point to doing it ) . 
  isaac : d6 gets a 3 room charge . 
  maggy : starts with maggy 's bow . 
  cain : luck foot gives +2 luck and phd effect . 
  judas : starts off with dark judas item . 
  blue baby : gets a massive stat ugrade . 
  poops spawned by the poop item have more chance to pay out . 
  eve : dead bird does a lot more damage , and wob activates at 2 hearts . 
  samson : rage has a higher cap ( from 6 hits to 9 , resulting in approximately 4.5 more dmg up ) . 
  azazel : starts off with higher range ( starting beam would be approximately 1.5-2 times as long as it is now ) . 
  lazarus : lazarus 's rags gives more of a damage up , and lazarus starts with normal luck . 
  eden : starts with a 3rd item , always out of the boss pool ( since those are basically just stat upgrades , it would n't be too op ) . 
  and just for fun , the lost :, 
  becomes `` the found '' and starts off with holy mantle , spectral tears , and polyphemus , except the fire rate remains unchanged ) . 
  i did a ck2 -  eu4 conversion , and i have lost a couple of counties ( i had the entire map in ck2 ) . 
  the counties are :, 
  wystruc - belongs to teutonic order ( who should not exist ) . 
  vitebsk and braslaw - belong to lithuania ( who also should not exist ), 
  kahketi - belongs to georgia ( again , totally destroyed , should not exist ) . 
  i know i could just win them over in a couple of seconds , but i 'm interested if there is a way to do it in the `` converter '' mod settings ? 
  i think xl floors should have a higher chance of getting a deal , at least twice as much , because this means you lose on 1 deal chance for that floor ( as there 's only 1 on xl rather than 2 on normal floors ) . 
  played a run yesterday with 4 curse of the labyrinths and it really messed the run up . 
  i have a converted ck2 save game , and i played it for about 30 years . 
  but , any time i try to load it ( either autosaves or the ones i saved ) the game crashes . 
  any suggestions ? 
  i even tried starting , saving 1 day later ( so i 'm sure there 's no major changes compared to the usual mod starting way ) and loading , and it still crashes . 
  i have a converted ck2 save game , and i played it for about 30 years ( in eu4 ) . 
  but , any time i try to load it ( either autosaves or the ones i saved ) the game crashes . 
  any suggestions ? 
  i even tried starting , saving 1 day later ( so i 'm sure there 's no major changes compared to the usual mod starting way ) and loading , and it still crashes . 
  it may be due to the fact that the converted game-mod is old , and so was only supported for version 1.9 , and seeing as the game i 'm playing is a little bit past that patch it may be that . 
  i 'm still able to play normally if i start a game without loading any games . 
  i had to revert to this version of the game to play my `` coverted mod-save file from ck2 '' game . 
  can anyone explain to me what are the steps to vassal feeding ? 
  so i go to war with them , vassalize them , and then what ? 
  how do i give them provinces i want ? 
  i have a pretty ... sizable coalition against me , but i want to take some of their land . 
  if i attack them , will i be able to ask for territories of the coalition members , or only the attacked target ? 
  would not like to siege 50 territories for nothing . 
  i 'm the target of a coalition of about ... 15 countries right now ( and not even kidding ) . 
  they all have over -200 only from ae from me , and then you add the border friction , wants my territories , different faith , insulted , yada yada yada ... how do i stop that coalition ? 
  without waiting for the ae modifier to go down ( as it would literally take a 100 years ) or attacking them ( because fuck attacking 15 countries at once ) . 
  how do i do this ? 
  the conquered provinces only go to them if i core them , and because all the fucking colonized provinces go straight to them , i ca n't core because the provinces are `` too far '' . 
  am i missing something really obvious ? 
  is there a way to give them the land automatically in a war ( not sure if they 'll have a cb ) ? 
  i 've been using adblock plus for years , and then it suddenly changed the name into betafish adblocker , and all sorts of shady stuff , so i uninstalled it , and got ublock origin like 2 months ago . 
  yesterday , it asked for some weird permissions such as `` accessing and changing my data '' ( not too sure on the exact wording ) so i uninstalled it as well . 
  which adblock should i use now ? 
  and did anyone else experience the ublock origin thing ? 
  basically , my friend got a shitload of malware in his pc , and i cleaned most of it with malwarebytes , and the rest with avast and manually uninstalling .
