  mulligan + hive mind did a lot of heavy lifting , i had 9 lives , and ludo kept me from having to get close to enemies . 
  also basically 0 devil items cause mega satan key ( i got immaculate conception , holy water , and one other item i ca n't remember angel deals ) . 
  it did n't work . 
  that 's why i said `` wasted '' it . 
  had to kill him the normal way as well . 
  yeah that one 's gon na be way tougher cause no 9 lives or curse rooms ... at least angel deals are better now . 
  also got godhead unlocked :d, 
  i did have really high shot speed ( 1.6 or something ) . 
  and i played it very carefully ( flying over pots and stuff ) . 
  hm ... algiz only sounds smart as well ... actually better than jera/black rune , if we 're talking vs delirium/hush . 
  [ apparently . 
  ] ( https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1452721/why-is-using-namespace-std-considered-bad-practice ), 
  i do n't think challenges 2/3/4 are possible as stated , as you ca n't choose your character in challenges , or in the case of 2 , i do n't know if there 's a check when you `` end the game '' to check for familiars . 
  and i do n't think they 'd bother programming it for a single challenge ( also how would it be displayed in the `` goal '' ( you know the thingy challenges have ) ? ) . 
  also 2/3 just do n't sound very fun at all , they 're literally just `` break the game , the challenge '' . 
  4 sounds good just remove the `` picking character '' . 
  how the fuck is that `` great '' ? 
  great would be anyone being able to kill anyone , assuming equal skill . 
  2400 + rating here ( during cata ) , arenas in wow sucked . 
  3 was my first fallout game , followed by nv , then 1 then 2 then 4 . 
  my rankings go : 2  nv  1  3  4, 
  i am an `` old rpg fan '' through and through . 
  i want rpg 's to be hard . 
  i want a lot of moral choices and agonizing over whether my decision was the proper one . 
  i love number crunching to make the most optimal character . 
  i love the older fallout games . 
  i love a lot of old games in general . 
  but i do n't understand why people hate quest markers . 
  like ... currently i 'm playing morrowind , after playing skyrim and oblivion , and the whole `` no quest markers '' thing is just annoying me , it does absolutely nothing to add to immersion . 
  i want the challenge in the game to be doing the actual quests , not getting lost half an hour getting to them . 
  i3 3210 and r7 260x here , i can get up to 60 fps . 
  then some guy with a 980gtx ca n't run it . 
  it really seems variable rig by rig . 
  ... but then again i do play at 1366x768 res so . 
  i am aware of that . 
  i 've had a ranking of over 2400 in arenas , and have killed countless mages/hunters/warlocks as a retri paladin . 
  but i only killed them cause cause 0.9 % of people suck , and the other 99 % suck even worse . 
  someone even a bit less skilled than me could beat me just cause he 's a frost mage . 
  that is anything but `` great '' . 
  i just discovered the awesomeness that is milbee 's katawa shoujo , and thought to myself `` boy this would be ... really awkward and hillarious if etho played it '' . 
  so that lead on to me wondering about more hilarious mindcracker/game combos ( such as etho & psj playing saints row ... while anderz commentates ) . 
  anyone has any other examples ? 
  basically the title . 
  fallout 1,2 & nv are n't answers because i played them all , and found f1 & 2 very clunky and bad looking , and while nv definitely improved the gameplay , the missions and the story just suck . 
  and no old elder scrolls . 
  also , a game with choices that actually matter ( so not like telltale 's you die no matter what / rip peoples ' arms off and they still agree with you ) . 
  does n't matter what type it is ( a full fledged rpg or a mere visual novel ) . 
  after trying for like 5 times , and quitting every time ( due to first not realizing how to even move or search , second because of the graphics , third because of ... i do n't even know ... ) i finally got somewhere in fallout 1 , and i 'm having loads of fun . 
  but here 's the thing : my small guns skill is at 140 % , and i am using a combat shotgun/that gun the dude gives you to save his farm . 
  they both say they do 15-25 and like 20-30 , yet when i shoot someone , they often do only 5 damage ( and i shoot them in the eyes ) , yet when i get a critical i can do about 70-80 damage to someone . 
  what 's the deal with that ? 
  and no they do n't have any particularly good armor , in fact i think they have the weakest version of the armor ( the one raiders that harass shady sands use ) . 
  am i missing something ? 
  meanwhile other people have no issues dealing 15 damage with their inferior guns to me every turn . 
  the fight against the boss in the hub was insanely hard , and i had to reload a couple of times ( kind of because my fallout crashed mid-game when i was winning and had to restart - . - ) . 
  i do n't really remember how i did it in f3 but i always had decent weapons and armor for the level . 
  now i 'm lv 18 in new vegas but i 'm still using the weathered 10mm pistol + service rifle . 
  i also have the lucky gun and the hunting rifle , but it seems i have to use too many shots on deathclaws to kill em . 
  also i 'm using medium enhanced combat armor , and i still get wrecked by deathclaws . 
  what is the progression for my weapons next ? 
  and the armor , because i really think i need a better one . 
  wherever i go to on google i see people complaining that leveling is way too fast . 
  what 's that all about ? 
  i completed the main quest all the way up to the last one ( which i wo n't do for a long long time ) and i 'm only lv 22 . 
  i done practically all the side quests for any city i went in on my way through the main quest , and i even used a guide on how to do every faction 's quests as much as possible ( so ncr , house , caesar and yesman ) . 
  as max level in the base game was 30 ( i have not played the dlc 's yet ) should n't i be 30 by now ? 
  i 've got fast shot currently but i know i can respec with that one quest . 
  should i switch fast shot for trigger discipline ? 
  because i have to get really really close to the enemies to have a 95 % hit chance in v.a.t.s. 
  is there a point at which dlc enemies go full bullshit mode ? 
  like aliens from mothership zeta at level 30 , you have to shoot them a gajillion times to kill them . 
  and if there is , is there a mod that fixes that ? 
  how do i edit a perk in the g.e.c.k ? 
  trying to edit the `` ai n't like that now '' perk so that it gives the 20 % ap reduction it should , but ... here 's the problem ... http://i.imgur.com/j4przwj.png the perk list is empty . 
  how should i go about actually getting the perk list to edit them ? 
  ( bonus points if you can tell me how to edit the perk correctly :d ) . 
  is there any actually good mod that fixes the scaling in new vegas ? 
  i was n't able to find any . 
  and by good i mean that they do n't become bullet sponges at higher levels . 
  i grinded , a lot to reach level 50 . 
  that was my worst mistake in new vegas ... i started lonesome road and ... i get 2 shot by deathclaws , while wearing power armor . 
  the tunnelers are almost just as bad , and the marked men are insanely annoying with their rifles . 
  and the fucking robots ? 
  if i do n't manage to sneak up to 1 i need to empty a full round of the light machine gun in it for it to die ( and that 's with hand loader ammo mind you , 90 of it ) . 
  what would have been the problem with making areas set to a specific level ( ie make enemies around lv 35 in lonesome road so if you want you can grind to 50 and have an easy time , or go there at the appropriate level and have a challenge ) ? 
  the mojave does n't really scale that much , if at all , but the dlc 's are insane . 
  hello , i 've got 2 questions . 
  1 ) for the audition at the golden globes , can i raise my stats with buffout to get over the `` requirement '' of 9 agi and end ? 
  2 ) is finesse essentially bad if i have sniper perk and 10 lk ? 
  because that 's a 100 % crit chance as far as i know , and finesse said something about lowering your base damage . 
  edit : just realized 3rd one , if i use buffout before i level , and get my end to 10 , do i get the increased hp from that , or do i only get it for my base endurance ? 
  so i was just chillin ' in the mines of the broken hills ... broken hills ... what an appropriate name ... talked to that dude lying on the floor ... suddenly the game freezes so bad , and then after 20 seconds of doing nothing it unfreezes for about 2s after which the process repeats . 
  but here 's the weird part : if i enter combat mode and walk like that i do not freeze at all . 
  none of the menus are frozen or anything . 
  i eventually manage to get out of the mines , and out into the city i go . 
  i press a to start combat mode so i can walk faster , and for some reason all the mutants outside turn hostile to me . 
  now here 's another funny thing : during the fight everything was flawless like usual , except when sulik attacked with his smg ( and the weird part is that it 's only from second attack on , his first attack always went fine , and i am sure of this because i reloaded so many times through that part ) . 
  i eventually loaded up an earlier ( but still frozen safe ) inside the mine and had to walk out of the mines and the eastern map with the constant freezing . 
  and when i walked out of the eastern man into the western map everything was back to normal . 
  no freezes or anything .
