  i was disappointed with the difficulty . 
  like i said , i thought it was really cool looking . 
  and the second phase music gave me shivers . 
  i guess nameless king could n't live up to the hype . 
  that 's what sucks about the hype , stuff can never live up to it . 
  it 's like that old picture or something i saw :, 
  watching a video alone : ha ha ha ha . 
  watching that video when you want to show it to your friends after telling them how funny it is : hey ... guys wait it gets better . 
  and also ... nameless king was by far the most difficult boss for me . 
  the fucker has a random amount of hits in his combo , and does n't let you breathe . 
  not to mention he kills me in 2 hits . 
  i think i 'd do it . 
  do n't think anyone in my country would mind . 
  even if libcucks from murrica continued acting politically correct and went to great lengths to get me incarcerated or something , i 'd just kill myself . 
  not like i got much to live for anyway . 
  so about your edit of the comment above : no , i do not at all consider that better . 
  something happened in the blank page . 
  i do n't get to decide what happened , the creator does . 
  i find it pointless to imagine something happened , if it did n't . 
  like i said , i want definitive answers . 
  to make an analogy of my own : if this game was based off lord of the rings , it would basically be you being told to go dump the ring , with no explanation why , other than maybe `` the dark lord will rise '' or something like that . 
  over the course of the game you 'd get items and the descriptions would fill in some blanks , but huge chunks would be left wide empty , and in the end you 'd probably not know much about the character motivations , or who sauron was/what he did . 
  you 've got ta kill mom 's heart still . 
  though if you have a joker in one of those runs , you can go to sheol ( possibly cathedral if you get an angel deal ) . 
  also i assume you 're talking rebirth as otherwise there would n't be a trapdoor in the devil deal i believe . 
  quite possible . 
  i 've not actually started a new save file in afterbirth . 
  60 int ? 
  any reason why ? 
  i 'm only getting like 1 damage per int over 40 . 
  i 'm at 50 currently . 
  i 'm using the dark crystal sword since i heard the mlgs sucks bad in ds3 . 
  the dark sword does insane damage . 
  s scaling with int at level 10 . 
  definitely worth farming for . 
  anyway for gundyr i just spammed homing soulmass . 
  that is one of my favorite spells . 
  it 's so op it 's ridiculous ( not for pvp , it sucks there , but for pve it 's great ) . 
  run away , cast it , dodge through the attacks and get behind gundyr , then roll once or twice more . 
  he finishes his combo and waits a second , i cast homing soulmass and repeat . 
  i do n't know if you meant it like that , but your comment sounds condescending as fuck . 
  either way , i play for the gameplay , not the story ( this is actually the one game i do that for , any other game i can play without any gameplay , just for the story , like visual novels ) . 
  usually pay really close attention to the story , but yes , i very much dislike this way of story telling . 
  i like concrete 100 % explained stuff . 
  every little bit explained , such as `` where does the magic come from '' . 
  at 50 int , the dark sword has like ... 400 something ar . 
  it 's at +7 currently , still at a scaling , so i expect by +10 it 'll be a beast . 
  and also swings fast as fuck . 
  i found it hilarious . 
  jumpscares are the worst when you 're not expecting them . 
  silent boy jumpscare in bioshock infinite scared the shit out of me , cause it 's the only one in the game , even though it really was n't all that scary . 
  the community decides what it wants . 
  i love shitposts so i 'll upvote them . 
  you may like fan art or whatever so you upvote that . 
  mine highest is `` amazing view ahead '' in [ ] ( / s '' untended graves '' ) at the part where there 's usually the view of the amazing mountains ( you know , where the path turns left and you hit the first bonfire ) . 
  but now it 's just black . 
  that sounds like a pretty big stretch . 
  but quite possible . 
  i do n't see how the '' 60 '' '' part matters , but that is about the only thing that differs how i played vs your comment . 
  have n't ever tried that . 
  like i said , i dislike `` headcanoning '' stuff . 
  i take the story as is , no matter what i think . 
  only thing i ever made a headcanon for was `` code geass '' ( do n't know if you 've seen it ) where i believe a certain character was alive at the end , based off of what is shown in the show , even though the creator said he 's dead . 
  oh , and for ds2 i thought of this , to tie up the main story and dlc 's :, 
  the bearer of the curse , after defeating nashandra/aldia is told of the `` way to cure the undead curse '' ( taking the throne of want and extending the age of fire through sacrifice ) . 
  he also knows he could just extend the fading of the flame , yet that does not solve his problem . 
  unsatisfied with the choices presented to him , he leaves the throne of want in disgust , with barely a shred of hope , and goes after the one last lead he had : the 3 crowns . 
  the bearer of the curse eventually gets hold of all the crowns , and , with the help of vendrick , technically defeats the undead curse , at least for himself . 
  it is not a perfect solution , but it is the best one he could find . 
  he can return to his previous life somewhat happy . 
  i 'd say completely the opposite . 
  a summon makes the boss approximately 10x easier . 
  having upgraded it to a +10 now , it 's got 500 ar exactly . 
  incredibly op . 
  vordt is the second boss . 
  the dog with the hammer . 
  i believe you ca n't post messages until you beat gundyr or something . 
  definitely no player messages in the tutorial area . 
  thank you . 
  that 's pretty stupid , a crystal variant does way more , and sorcerers are n't supposed to rely on weapons : /, 
  8 different weapons to try out per new game cycle . 
  pretty generous . 
  i think the questlines are pretty good about it . 
  sirris warns you about the rosaria 's fingers , it makes sense she 'd be pissed if you joined them . 
  greirat implies in his dialogue he might not be coming back . 
  anri 's questline is pretty straightforward . 
  i do n't really know of any orbeck quests other than giving him scrolls . 
  eygon tells you he 'll be back if you harm irina . 
  did it . 
  was so sad . 
  because ds 's system of `` oh here 's 2 , go farm for approximately a month and you 'll get another one '' was so much better ? 
  just make a new character . 
  i do actually . 
  why could you not do it before ? 
  i feel afterbirth is too easy . 
  it has way too many ways to break the game , especially in greed mode . 
  how is it hard o.o the only part i may consider tricky is the very first one , and you can use a seed for it . 
  so ... in order . 
  you killed a random npc with no real reason . 
  you sent someone on a mission they specifically said is dangerous ( and since his and siegward quests are both very close together , i did them accidentally ) .
