  coulda been gathering intel what gay bar would be the easiest to shoot up . 
  what message ? 
   comfy and nostalgic, 
  what is up with everyone saying this , that area is scary as fuck for me . 
  literally nothing around you but water , and then that fucking hydra starts shooting you . 
  of the 4 late game areas , i dread going into every single one except seath 's path ( and that 's cause i memorized the way , so i do n't have to deal with the bullshit snowflakes ) . 
  it 's just unnecessary bullshit . 
  boc path has you wear the stupid ring . 
  nito 's sucks balls if you have no other light source and have to wear the lantern ... still sucks even if you do . 
  and new londo ... relying on consumables to be able to hit enemies is stupid . 
  get dsmouse fix , makes the mouse about as configurable as in ds3 . 
  what are issues with the keyboard ? 
  i played all 3 games with m&kb , used pretty much the same setup . 
   solaire 's quest had no rewards, 
  it had the most important reward of saving your bro . 
  i 'd be inclined to believe you . 
  if you can provide proof for that . 
  if someone i knew irl did something like this , i could also say `` oh yeah he totally went to gay bars '' . 
  yes . 
  some dude `` said '' . 
  that is not proof . 
  so we can agree to disagree then ? 
  i do not find that conclusive proof , and you do . 
  let 's stop there . 
  yup . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure it wo n't . 
  you can literally take them in any order . 
  op 's got blind rage , he 's got ab . 
  i assume this is from start to finish ? 
  a `` bonfire to bonfire '' no hit run could be very much doable . 
  yeah , knight starts off fat rolling . 
  there 's no `` equip % '' indicator , you just have current and max weight , have to calculate it . 
  breakpoints are 25,50 and 100 . 
  i dunno what to tell you , cause dsmousefix works excellently for me . 
  did you do everything to install it ? 
  when i play my sensitivity is almost max . 
  and you ca n't rebind to all the keys in game . 
  i assume you want to change the `` swap weapons/items '' to numbers like in ds3 . 
  there 's a guide on steam for that , basically you have to edit some ini , and then it works . 
  google it . 
  same here . 
  my greatsword fucking broke , but then god smiled on me , and lud ( or zallen , whichever one is the second cat ) did the attack where he puts you in his mouth and eats you . 
  does n't do a whole lot of damage , and it gave me time to manually switch to my second greatsword . 
  on the page for the mod , look for something `` dll wrapper input '' or whatever . 
  make sure you 've done that . 
  high sensitivity in mouse fix , forgot what my camera speed was in the game . 
  what are you trying to change them to ? 
  like i said , you ca n't change it to all the buttons in-game , but if you edit some file you can . 
  try not disabling mouse cursor ? 
  i believe there 's another one that just locks it to the screen . 
  yeah , thought so . 
  i may try the bonfire run , but the entire game is too crazy for me . 
  yeah , that always annoys me . 
  why are you here , a sub dedicated to discussing this game , if you 're afraid of spoilers ? 
  this but without the sarcasm . 
  that 's ... literally what i am saying ? 
  i recognize the earlier quotes , but what 's this about gary ? 
  i do n't think many people will get to tomb of the giants before getting the lord vessel . 
  why does everyone spout this meme ... all 3 games are perfectly playable with m&kb . 
  and i find them much better than with a controller , cause you know , mouse precision and all . 
  source : played all 3 with m & kb . 
  get dsmousefix for 1 , and edit some ini file if you wan na bind swapping items to numbers , disable stupid double clicking for 2 , and 3 's good as is . 
  felt absolutely the same to me . 
  if this is b8 , it 's the best damn b8 i 've ever seen . 
  if not you 're retarded . 
  again , thanks for doing this . 
  it 's more that i just can not play with a controller . 
  they feel so clunky , and i miss the precision of the mouse . 
  aside from balancing issues , this sounds great . 
  making them balanced . 
  mom 's checkbook and fingernail polish sound relatively strong , while crayons sounds shitty ( heh ) . 
  that is something i have an issue with . 
  i believe all items should be balanced as well . 
  so , when asked for input , i answered what i want . 
  you mean joker ? 
  it 's not telegraphed , but it 's consistent . 
  he 'll shoot when you go to x spot , so do n't go to x spot . 
  fix eye hitboxes , and it 's perfect . 
  absolutely no issues with the lasers . 
  been using kat . ~ ~ ph ~ ~ cr for like 3-4 years now , never once had an issue . 
   kosovo not serbian . 
   constantinople not christian, 
  creator should be burned at stake . 
  imo mega satan is the hardest , but totally doable . 
  you need to both get a good enough run and get the key pieces . 
  loved them both . 
  which one ? 
  statue balls one ? 
  people still use expansion ... 
  ah yeah , those boobies . 
  yes i know what you mean . 
  really thought about what to do at that point . 
  be warned . 
  the gameplay is absolutely fucking horrid ( at least if you 're used to newer games ) . 
  it took me approximately a year to get past the first town in fallout 1 ( not of game time , just installed , then quit , then repeat every 2 months ) because everything just ... looked shit , felt like shit and was clunky in general . 
  however , if you get past that first stage , the games are fucking amazing . 
  arcanum , the game where you fuck sheep , is also a masterpiece . 
  sure there were . 
  remember the well ? 
  yeah , no kidding .
