  i thought for sure you could n't get those . 
  i 'd prefer if it spawned in both the cathedral and sheol , but the reward depended on the hearts only . 
  because i usually get a lot of black hearts , and rarely/almost never go to sheol . 
  thanks . 
  now waiting for afterbirth , 
  except , i do n't want to go to sheol . 
  aside the fact that that path will get you not very many items , and no ppi , i find it very ... depressing . 
  the chest just seems like a nice place . 
  that 'd just result in me never using these rooms . 
  well , the idea is that this type of room would actually be used , no ? 
  i 'm sure a lot more people go to the chest rather than the dark room . 
  this would just be another self sacrifice room ( serious question : does anyone actually use those except maybe on the first floor where they can get a half heart interval for sure payout ? 
  what ? 
  i like the idea . 
  i do n't like the implementation . 
  in isaac , stuff that `` takes hearts '' usually takes the last one no ? 
  i would n't go and hurt myself intentionally just because otherwise i am not going to get anything . 
  however , if the room had 2 pedestals , one for black hearts one for soul hearts , i think it 'd be great . 
  you pick your path easily . 
  by `` boss challenge '' what do you mean ? 
  if it 's the boss trap rooms , i swear i got other items from that . 
  it 's actually pretty easy to do if you only visit the important rooms ( item room , curse room , shop if you have the money , boss room ) . 
  i manage to reach boss rush on at least half my runs , and i do n't even try ( but i skip most of the floor anyway so ... ), 
  cheesed the shit out of it with alt-f4 strategy . 
  technically i still did it , only over multiple attempts ( and also the lost is such bullshit , one of my chest deaths was spawning in that room with 4 monstros , except it was red little champion monstro so there was two of them , and one of them spawned right on top of me as i walked in ... so i regret nothing ... ), 
  that one eve run where he got absolute horseshit items , at least if you love to hear his ramblings . 
  i ca n't find it right now but i 'm sure someone else will provide . 
  `` my confidence and morale lives and dies with this item room '', 
  - gets holy water . 
  not sure if insult , or compliment . 
  it gets even better when he dies like 10 seconds into the other run , and that poly stuck behind the walls on the third one . 
  i think someone found a hanged man card in the chest where he did n't have a bomb ... it really was n't the poor guy 's day . 
  well i technically already have india , and north africa . 
  i know it 'll be easy , but i want any tricks that will cut the time needed ( like how in ck2 you can truce break holy war , assault like 3 counties ( that you took in the previous war so now they have like 100 garrison ) , get to 100 % warscore easily and take over an entire empire appoximately 4 duchies a year ( depends on travel time ) ) . 
  well , `` laughable '' is usually used in a negative way , so i wondered whether that was it . 
  i think `` they 're all pretty funny/hilarious '' woulda done a better job . 
  do you have only red hearts ( very rarely ) , have finished the floor ( so you do n't lose the deal chance ) and really need a consumable ? 
  if no , do n't use it . 
  if yes , i still rarely use it . 
  i 'm 2 years in and i do n't know the names of approximately half the teachers that teach me . 
  and if they 're not teaching me , i probably do n't even know they exist . 
  well , maybe it 'll be `` diamond god '' or something now ? 
  in vanilla , pre wotl it was golden god , then wotl added platinum god . 
  that ai n't it . 
  i do n't get different colored fingers or anything . 
  nor do i get stressed out that much . 
  it just happens . 
  blank card + jera ? 
  do n't forget about the `` alternate path '' ... plenty more rage incoming :d, 
  i swear i read somewhere that it does . 
  well that sucks . 
  well ... i did n't actually lose ... but i kind of did . 
  played blue baby on the `` old hard mode '' and took the polaroid . 
  i had brimstone , tammy 's head , shitload of damage upgrades and was guppy . 
  took 1 hit of damage against mom 's heart . 
  backtracked to get that one spirit heart ... and fell into trapdoor to sheol when i came back in . 
  except with brimstone you 'd get like 5 times more flies ( not exact number of course , but i always get a shitload of flies with brimstone ) . 
  also , it 's always fun to shoot a laser of death . 
  not surprising seeing the 16-21 age group leading by far . 
  17 here . 
  ah indeed . 
  i still think brimstone 's the better choice . 
  same here in serbia . 
  technically 18 but noobody cares . 
  i was buying `` rakija '' ( not really sure how to translate that ) when i was 4 years old and nobody gave 2 shits . 
  at 12 + i was regularly drinking , large quantities too , and nobody still had any fucks to give . 
  ipecac , anti gravity , eve 's mascara . 
  yes , it would be . 
  no way in hell anyone 's figuring that out on their own . 
  erm ... can you explain that better to me ? 
  yeah i know them but `` 1 anyone ever gets '' ? 
  like when he wastes a bomb , and ends up missing a chest that had hanged man , which would get him polyphemus in that shitty room ( you know the one ) . 
  on the other hand , what are the chances of someone in the middle of watching fma : brotherhood ( in the middle because if he saw this before watching it he probably would n't connect shit ) see this ? 
  pretty damn low in my opinion . 
  according to the [ wiki  ( http://bindingofisaacrebirth.gamepedia.com/death ), 
  guppy 's collar  1up  dead cat  ankh  judas 's shadow/lazarus rags ' ( does n't specify which one goes before ) . 
  you underestimate the amount of times i 've run into spikes when backtracking . 
  so would this mean soy milk + curved horn = actually good ? 
  i linked the wiki . 
  i am not claiming it to be the absolute truth , although it would make sense in my opinion for the collar to `` try '' to bring you back every time first . 
  what 's the point of being rude ? 
  shiver me torrents mateys ... 
  i bet on double cage . 
  well the oddly worded part of it confused me . 
  i think there 's apostrophes , indicating that `` inspecting the damage '' would be false . 
  also , does n't necessarily have to be with a sister . 
  i thought it was something like [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/6ygrgh ) like when orochimaru bit sasuke . 
  just a mark on your skin showing you made a deal with the devil ( did n't help that it was called the mark ) . 
  i actually despise mongo baby , and will never take it . 
  because it ate my fuckin ' lil ' brimstone that one time and i 'm afraid it 'll do so again . 
  hm ... i only really like the 6,7 & 9 . 
  why ? 
  well , they would actually make the game harder . 
  the other ones would make the game just more annoying . 
  hm ... good idea ... i think we can all agree curses suck ass . 
  if they could only appear if you take deals with the devil , and blessings appear if you do deals with the angel , maybe angel rooms will be more viable . 
  my configuration ? 
  i did absolutely nothing , just downloaded it , so it should be default . 
  3 soul hearts . 
  eternal heart .
