  well , you can learn their positions , and can know when they come so you can prepare . 
  if you just enter a room and it blows you , that would be bad . 
  i hope they keep the whiskey and cigars line as homage to 1 . 
  i saw the hints , but i always though that he was just a `` father figure '' . 
  devs confirmed it though , he is the father . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure like 90 % of the player base is `` bitching '' , as you so eloquently put it , about dr fetus . 
  yes he literally did just that . 
  as pendleton put it `` everyone knows you were screwing the empress '' . 
  brimstone is best for sure . 
  strongest though , that does go to the stopwatch ( and then epic fetus ) . 
  well , best would be a variety of different advantages to the item , such as how fun it is , at least in my opinion . 
  i 'd take brimstone over epic fetus/stopwatch any day , so it is the best for me . 
  but i ca n't deny the stopwatch is stronger . 
  mind doing me ? 
  i do n't know why exactly , but i thought that line existed only in my country 's calgon commercials . 
  you just blew my mind . 
  4 : not everyone likes finding out on their own . 
  i look up a `` starter tutorial '' for every game i play because i do n't want to make a character and realize i fucked myself 10 hours in . 
  last mission , high chaos . 
  kill his servant and just walk up to him ( as he 's lying on the wall ) . 
  [ i did n't really watch a lot ... ] ( http://myanimelist.net/animelist/celicni ), 
  is ep 22 the one i think it is ? 
  [ ] ( / s `` the one with euphie 's geassing and subsequent massacre and death '' ) ? 
  because that was such bullshit . 
  such a bad way to artificially prolong the series . 
  well , it 's an upbeat woman 's voice . 
  probably not the same one though . 
  not either one of those , though i have played lemmings . 
  what 's with that first link though ? 
  it 's a scene from highlander 2 , with ? spanish ? 
  titles . 
  damn dude , that 's exactly it . 
  thanks a lot . 
  and i do n't remember it being this hard . 
  i 'd love to , except the converted game is for 1.9 so i ca n't really do that . 
  hm , looking at it now , my memory may be a bit wonky , as it says it was not ported to ps1 . 
  and it appears i had the championship version ( only 50 levels but much harder ) . 
  never could beat the last level . 
  should try again now . 
  i wonder if they still give out the certificates for beating it . 
  yes it is . 
  well that sucks , i did n't know that . 
  no , the bonus to military ( or whichever ) rank one can get after some wars . 
  like `` brandenburg conquest of who-gives-a-shit '' +3.50 . 
  well it adds to all 3 of them . 
  i hope it 'll be most of the good ole vanilla dishonored action , except upgraded . 
  blink : like daud 's , freezes time . 
  freeze time : third upgrade which is a separate skill that actually reverses time . 
  dark vision will show absolutely everything . 
  everything . 
  also wo n't lag my game . 
  you 'll be able to do more things while possessing people . 
  and then a couple of new spells which we 'll have the option of using our runes on . 
  the previous powers should , after 15 years , all be fully upgraded . 
  really ? 
  i hated it , because at the start of every mission i 'd go blind searching for all the markers . 
  the heart was much more convenient . 
  i saw a video by a youtuber doing exactly this . 
  and he fucked up just as your friend did . 
  chilledchaos vs hutch . 
  oh god dragon age origins . 
  oh god . 
  playing an older version due to a converted ck2 game . 
  i should specify this is for 1.9 because i 'm playing a ck2 converted game . 
  and i mean the building i needed to build before the cathedral ( do n't know the exact name but it was something sciency ) . 
  not sure if i 'm stupid , but that is the exact opposite of what i thought would happen . 
  got it . 
  thanks . 
  i have indeed . 
  but then again i was a knight enchanter so i was just rekking everything by mashing 1 . 
  the one i read in the visual novel , and the one in the anime are quite different ( and yes they are both shirou 's , you have the actual chant somewhere in the top comments ) . 
  erm ... watch it ** closely ** ? 
  that basically shows the main plot of the story . 
  thanks . 
  that worked , though i was in a crazy diplo point minus for a little while . 
  not to promote piracy , but it is n't just about the money all the time . 
  what if you 're < 18 so no credit card , and parents wo n't buy it over the internet because `` they 'll get hacked and lose all their money '' ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't understand what you 're saying ? 
  [ wiki about ubw , has chants below . 
  ] ( http://typemoon.wikia.com/wiki/unlimited_blade_works ) they used the literal chant rather than the one that actually sounds kinda nice , which is what bunnies said , and the richard said that it was wrong . 
  prepaid ? 
  have i ever said one is wrong , and the other is not ? 
  merely said that bunnies was right in saying that they used the literal version , and that there is a different , nicer one , which richard did not say . 
  first.fucking.comment . 
  read the brackets . 
  i said specifically, 
   ( and yes they are both shirou 's ), 
  apart from that , you ca n't say that the `` english '' one is n't better than the literal one . 
  by better i clearly mean the one that sounds better . 
  i quit . 
  you 're hopeless . 
  if i 'm `` fanboying '' over the english version , you 're doing that as much over the japanese . 
  i believe you would also need to be 18 for that , at least here in my country . 
  i 'm amazed at how nitpicky and arrogant people can be . 
  i said that both are shirou 's , and you start talking about random shit . 
  having taste passes for arrogance now i guess . 
  should i start an argument over nothing instead , as you do ? 
  i literally just said they used the shittier version , and i 've also said that both are correct . 
  and then you turned it into a big deal . 
  i think we both know what i 've been trying to say , and there 's no need to be such a nit picker .
