  should be enough as i do n't run really graphically intensive mods , and also i play at 1366x768 . 
  well , i do n't use shift b , but good suggestion , as one of the issues i solved myself was disabling the `` free vram '' key , as it was on f4 which i used for buffing . 
  also speaking from experience , while i apologized afterwards ( 2 days later after i had time to think ) , the `` few seconds of glory '' were more like `` half an hour '' . 
  ah yeah i saw the pic but me and the guy that posted it have very different ... brightness and color settings . 
  for anyone that finds this in the future , it 's in labyrinthian thoroughfare , near some stairs that you go down , a ghostly draugr comes out on the left of the bookshelf , it 's near the entrance to the next area . 
  ... also i use fireballs so i had to go looking for it ... 
  yes . 
  yeah it 's at 1 . 
  it only started happening after i got enboost ( which like i said , did fix the occasional crash on loading a quicksave that i needed it for , but now i have a different problem so \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af ) . 
  simply because hard is n't that hard compared to normal , and it saves you doing everything twice . 
  it 's really not significant at all . 
  more curses , more champions , and bosses do n't drop red hearts . 
  that 's about it . 
  source ? 
  just walk slowly up to the door , you 'll die inside , spawning you outside . 
  or if you ca n't do that for whatever reason just bomb yourself . 
  main reason is the de-leveled world . 
  i fucking hate level scaling in games . 
  what 's the point of there even being levels if everything just scales ? 
  also it can lead to you basically being weaker than you should because you leveled non-combat skills . 
  also it does some awesome stuff with daedric artifacts , and holy shit bfb was hard at level 3 , and so was labyrinthian and dragons before 75 destruction ( basically impossible ) . 
  [ this is a decent list . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/skyrimrequiem/comments/1ywa92/requiem_unique_item_effects_list/ ), 
  what mechanic ? 
  [ for people not getting the references in the comments , because i fucking hate it when i 'm out of the loop on something ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpk2tdsph0a ), 
  my dog , the code for vanilla was so horrible that to this day they ca n't change the amount of slots the backpack has available , because it was hardcoded to 16 rather than be a variable or something . 
  if i remember correctly the item slots are all in an array , with the equipment on your character being like 0 . .17 or however fucking many slots there are i forgot , then the backpack at like 120 something , and after that goes the bank . 
  so now they ca n't change it at all . 
  i am well aware of that . 
  but i find it cheesy . 
  i 'd say cancer would be better at that exact moment , but i 'd go with cracked crown for future prospects . 
  good old pascal . 
  hm , but supposedly the trainers only know it up to 90 ( mere mortal limits ) and the dragonborn has to learn it for himself up to 100 ( beyond mortal limits ) ... 
  i mean , if we 're roleplaying and all . 
  i hope to got you 're not serious . 
  dude what the fuck . 
  if you 're gon na correct somebody , do n't look like an idiot doing it . 
  what insecurities ? 
  there 's literally zero reason for the guy to be in the picture . 
  this is coming from someone that goes to the gym . 
  right . 
  that 's literally the only reason i 'm bothered by a totally unnecessary thing . 
  low self esteem . 
  because the comment above implies `` insecurities about buff guy '' and since i 'm one myself , i point out it 's not necessarily that . 
  easily accessible , nice search system ( at least i like it ) , and the whole `` verified uploader '' lets me know i wo n't download something that 'll brick my pc . 
  bad bot, 
  does daedric smithing give you more damage though ( as the other guy said ) ? 
  anti grav is usually just an objective upgrade though , because you can work around its ' effect by just tapping instead of holding the button down , and it gives you a tear delay down . 
  except it 's easily beatable without taking damage . 
  in this particular example the bomb rocks may mess things up , i do n't know , but 99 % of the time it 's a free room for me . 
  caves 1-2 and you restart ? 
  damn dude , at least wait until depths 1 , for a 100 % chance of seeing at least one more deal . 
  at least angel deals are good now lmao , what would you do back when they were shit . 
  but you do have autism . 
  i never stood there . 
  i go next to the bottom barrels , shoot the top , and run up as they explode . 
  i did say the bomb rocks may mess up stuff in this example . 
  it literally tells you the percentages of the jamming on the screen . 
  if you say it breaks after every coin it 's probably at 20 % for you . 
  how did you not see that ? 
  play with a character that 's at 0 % . 
  ... that being said you do n't actually see the percentage until you finish greed mode so that 's kinda bad design ... 
  i started a new save file a while ago and my donation machine was maxed out halfway through greedier mode with all characters ( except lost an obviously keeper ) . 
  that is , 11 greed mode runs and then 4 or 5 greedier . 
  that may be my biggest peeve about ab + ( aside from portals and the entirety of the void ) ... 
  it was my favorite item ... why did you have to ruin it completely , just cause it broke a shitty mechanic ? 
  rant aside , you really do n't need to `` break '' greed mode anymore . 
  the donation chances are pretty high , and i did a lap of greed mode ( to fill all the character post it notes ) , then a lap of greedier ( all chars except lost and obviously keeper ) , and the donation machine was maxed halfway through the greedier lap ( new save file ) . 
  yeah it 's kinda a rude answer , but op asked for it with a title like that ... have an upvote . 
  tl ; dr answer : you suck, 
  longer answer : go look up northernlion , he never gets hit on that room and shows you how to do it :, 
  going up down : wait for first shot , squeeze in the middle , after second shot go below , spikes wo n't be up . 
  going right : pretty easy . 
  going left : if you 're fast enough you can run before they shoot . 
  i do n't know how to explain it myself if you 're not , but watch nl . 
  eh , not really , but i recommend watching him anyway , and as this is a fairly common room , you 'll see it in a couple of episodes . 
  this is an interesting debate i have often ( with myself ) . 
  secret rooms are secret right ? 
  so they should always give you something useful for finding them , no ? 
  ... then you remember they 're pretty easy to find and you can just look up how to find them online so they 're no longer as `` secret '' and should give worse rewards ... 
  if you could n't just look up how to find them and had to figure it out for yourself ( so imagine we 're like 20 years in the past ) i 'd make secret rooms always pay out with something awesome , basically make the 9 cents be the minimal payout , and you often get an item and stuff . 
  as it is right now , and they 're very much not `` secret '' , i think it 's ok to have them a bit weaker . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could do this with anything above 0.5 speed . 
  maybe even less . 
  you get a really generous amount of time . 
  yeah that 's the thing , i 'm rank 4 in fighters guild and i believe rank 3 in thieves guild , rank 2 in house hlaalu ( i kinda dislike how they put it right there in balmora cause now i 'd like to join house redoran but i first met hlaalu and joined them before i knew what i was doing ) and rank 1 in mage 's guild . 
  i 've joined the thieves , mages , fighters , and house hlaalu . 
  nord , sign of the lady , combat focus , strength and endurance favored , axe long blade heavy armor sneak restoration major , marksmanship security armorer speechcraft athletics minor . 
  yes i did . 
  comes in handy . 
  actually i almost finished both of their quests and turns out you can be guildmaster of both . 
  i finished the code book quest already that seems to be the `` major '' cutting point . 
  well , since the damage to player can either be half a heart or full heart , it does n't really matter how much the damage is . 
  i wonder if the player even has the `` hp '' in the common sense that enemies do . 
  probably not . 
  void engine is shitty . 
  d1 ran good . 
  prey runs great . 
  actually it was pretty bad all things considered . 
  i had 7 damage and average rate of fire .
