  never said it did have gameplay , but you specifically mention `` looks '' in your comment . 
  and from how dishonored 1 trailer was , all in the video will be possible so it 's `` kind of '' gameplay . 
  no i most definitely got back into the deep roads . 
  and i did n't grab it because i did n't know it was there and only found out later . 
  or at least i thought i did n't because having finished the game today , the dialogue option actually showed up , so this question is more theoretical at this point . 
  ah right ... i forgot ... the way i played a renegade was full renegade , but i was like an angel to my companions . 
  i really think it 's the best way to play . 
  you get to be a badass , but also get to experience the awesome companions . 
  you do n't have to have seen it . 
  the 2 sentences are both very weird , and unfitting . 
  you can generally assume it 's a reference at that point . 
  there 's tons i do n't get , so i just ask `` yo what 's this a reference to '' instead of attempting to make sense of the conversation . 
  fucking items were n't there at the start what the fuck i paid good money for this game and they 're fucking lying about it fuck the arg and fuck the keeper . 
  i never used this mark of the rift ability , and i could use all of my 8 slots . 
  hm ... does that work on bosses ? 
  i honestly never saw that skill ever . 
  i just found it on the wiki , and it seems like something i could 've used . 
  also would be a way to spend all the focus i always have , as i never used any focus abilities either . 
  i just thought you and him were saying it 's somehow literally a mandatory spell , and was wondering if my game 's glitched or something . 
  `` abuse devil rooms '', 
  how ? 
  i would n't call that `` abuse '' ... 
  also , you 're implying i ever actually worry about taking devil deals . 
  90 % of the time i 'll have a spirit heart by floor 2 . 
  literally says `` the first mod i 'm gon na make for aftebirth + '' though , so i 'm like 99 % certain it 's an nl reference . 
  otherwise that 's a pretty ... weird description . 
  tbh i agree . 
  polyphemus is definitely not a bad item , but when i got it in vanilla i was like `` oh fuck yeah polyphemus i just came in my pants '' and now i 'm like `` yay medium dps improvement '' . 
  i 'd just increase its ' damage a little bit . 
  is evade a separate roll from the base dodge chance ( that is , is it enough to get 80 % dodge and evasion makes you unhittable ) or is it separate ( if you lose on the 80 % roll , you then have only a 1/5 chance of not being struck ) ? 
  yeah but i read somewhere one of the people working on the game said it would be possible , which is why i ask . 
  i roll d4/100 a lot and i do n't think it gives anything other than item room pool , except if you get chaos on a reroll . 
  even platinumgod specifically says `` rerolls into items from the item room pool '' . 
  it can reroll into some devil items of course , but that 's because those items are also in the item pool ( or if you get chaos on the reroll preceding it , i do n't know if chaos effect is permanent ) . 
  at least that 's how i understand it . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  i get it 's hyperbole , but i do n't think you can compare the 2 ... 
  everyone 's got a dick friend , who 's still your friend . 
  i do n't think by hanging around with him you should be proclaimed a dick as well . 
  also , before you call me a keemstar shill : i legit have no idea who the guy is . 
  i 'm just saying what i think . 
  whoever he is does n't change my point . 
  i 'm sure someone considers one of my friends to be a dick . 
  does that automatically make me one as well ? 
  from what i see , he 's not supportive of him , merely says he does n't hate him , as the guy 's done nothing bad towards him . 
  eh , maybe at the very start . 
  but when someone beats the chest for the first time i 'd say go hardmode immediately . 
  no reason to do everything twice ( and it 'd especially suck for the 2 specific characters ) . 
  \\  not good, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  your comment implies nothing about power rankings relative to one another . 
  literally says `` good familiars , except leech and maybe lil ' brim '' . 
  no comparison . 
  i pancaked all the mobs from the bonfire to him . 
  my demon 's ultra greathammer was broken by the time i killed the havel wannabe . 
  only way i could beat the chariot when i used the ascetic on my first playtrough ( i wanted that ring ) . 
  thank you gavlan for all the poison . 
  i have it , and i also have the demon 's greathammer . 
  problem is i am very short on twinkling titanite , and i will have to spend a shitload to upgrade the havel gear . 
  so i do n't think changing a weapon is an option . 
  not max weight . 
  that should be 70 % of the max weight . 
  which would be 137.2857 , or 138 i guess because of rounding . 
  edit : i have the second dragon ring now . 
  i intend to get the third . 
  in your post you mention the second dragon 's ring . 
  i plan to obtain the third . 
  yeah , but i definitely wo n't be pumping vit up so high , as i 've currently finished the crypt , except for vendrick , so third one is coming soon . 
  and like i said , i do n't know how the different `` percentage increases '' apply . 
  to base vit only ? 
  or to base + any other effects ? 
  so i guess i need 106,5 base to wear my stuff with the third then . 
  alright . 
  that 's exactly why i 'm holding off , 
  i recommend you switch to hard mode as soon as you beat the chest the first time . 
  the differences are very small and you may as well not do everything twice . 
  also , azazel is a very very easy character , i recommend playing as him whenever you get frustrated . 
  definitely look up items . 
  many of them have very dubious descriptions , and some of them have plain incorrect ones . 
  so yeah definitely look them up . 
  edit : i recommend http://platinumgod.co.uk/afterbirth . 
  enlighten me , when has nl ever been about diligently taking his time to min max every possible aspect of isaac ? 
  i very much prefer the `` rushed '' gameplay , as long as the commentary game is on point . 
  the other is not a `` very complicated '' process , nor was it in rebirth . 
  figuring it out was complicated , doing the 4 runs was n't . 
  either way now he 's even easier , just die with the missing poster in the self sacrifice room ( or something like that ) . 
  how does that at all relate to the seed exploit , which was so long before afterbirth ? 
  i feel a better response would have been `` what are you on about '' : /, 
  ng , and since i play offline , the only thing resembling pvp i did is npc invasions . 
  did you grind ? 
  it hurts my soul when i see `` may may '' . 
  oh yeah i popped almost all of those . 
  why would it ignore the wafer ? 
  there 's way more broken synergies than this would be . 
  while i 'd like it , that 'd only make it detrimental for new players , as anyone that 's even a little good at this game will almost always end up with most/full spirit hearts . 
  again , why ? 
  in my opinion if you 're lucky enough to find 2 specific items , you should be rewarded . 
  you could also run across pyromaniac kamikaze , or isaac 's heart blood rights , or unicorn stump midas ' touch/orbital . 
  lowers damage by 0.3 . 
  tons of items give 0.3 damage .
