let me tell you amazing sir . 
  found some more guude nervousness !, 
  also 1 more nervous in the very same video near the end , about 14:45 . 
  i think beef has a side job as a witch or something , whenever he said `` so '' this episode shit went down . 
  i insulted him in the waiting line , and gladly ripped off his arm . 
  you 're not messing with the big bad wolf guy . 
  and specially not insulting him . 
  in fact i played my main playthrough like that : tried to be civil , but the moment someone starts bullshitting me i smack em ( georgie/auntie etc ) . 
  i wonder ... has anyone ever tried farming zombie pigmen for gold ? 
  : o i do n't know if it 'd be worth it . 
  oh now you reminded me of oog ... 
  * cries self to sleep *, 
  whenever i see that image of guude i 'm reminded of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsrugo4hjq4 ) . 
  to be fair minecraft is indeed a fairly easy game . 
  that 's a reference to bdoubleo calling him `` mr 6 ' 20 '' in one of ooge videos ( think it was an early episode of spellbound caves ) . 
  your time is n't saved as half of those are recommending what i already said is not what i 'm looking for , and nearly all the others are stuff i played already ( like the much recommended mount & blade ) . 
  also , the second question is still there . 
  hm , well as far as the list should go , i 'm fine even with visual novels if they have a lot of choice so , choice goes first . 
  then the story , then the dialogue , graphics , and the open world comes next ( tbh i do n't really like exploring that much ) . 
  and i really do n't know what to list , cause i played way too many games . 
  seeing as my main priority is choices , i guess that shoots many games off the list . 
  really , like i said , i 'm fine even if i do absolutely nothing in a game , as long as i get to make choices . 
  if it 's an rpg where i make a character and fight that 's even better , but choices are # 1 . 
  however doing absolutely nothing is better than doing something very bad , so i wo n't be playing some of the stuff mentioned , particularly a name i saw somewhere that had really meaningful choices , but the game was so bad that it got like 50/100 ratings ( and considering the way reviewers rate their games that 's like really really bad ) . 
  i see how much effort you put into this , so i 'll check out all of these ( that i did n't play , i played some like papers , please and it was really fun ) . 
  the `` monster loves you '' looks really fun so i 'm going to go with that first . 
  guess these will keep me entertained for some time . 
  yes , i watched all of oog ( e ) minecraft maps . 
  i am actually rewatching them right now . 
  but i do n't want them to do it again because of # 3 . 
  they definitely changed , for the better or for the worse , but if they were to play again it would not be the same . 
  part of what made the early oog fun for me was the insane amount of drinking , swearing and rage . 
  they probably would n't drink that much now , nor would they swear ( so much ) , and now that they 're a lot more experienced with the game they also probably would n't rage so much . 
  my armor is metal . 
  i wan na buy the combat armor but it costs fuckin ' 40k caps . 
  how is anyone even supposed to obtain those ( and i know you can just gamble and get infinite money , but i do n't wan na do that ) . 
  still a 3x difference in damage with worse guns and armor they have does n't seem logical to me . 
  the amount of `` etho '' answers is off the charts . 
  yes guys , zisteau used to play an etho in his band . 
  oh yeah , he also played penis : <, 
  hey , can someone explain to me the hwheat joke ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  yeah , i noticed . 
  i misunderstood the `` railroad way to getting to boomers '' and went out through the wrong side ( so i ran to the shortcut from the wrong side ) and ended up in an area with a shitload of young/blind/regular deathclaws . 
  they ripped apart poor rex and ... what 's that sniper guy called again ? 
  :d anyway i ended up managing to kill them all with the hunting rifle ( wasting all my bullets in the process ) but damn do they hurt . 
  i visited the gun runners , and bought myself a nice sniper rifle . 
  also after googling a bit i 'll just go get power armor and the jury rigging perk . 
  but what weapon would you recommend ( from the guns section , i do n't use energy weaps ) for close combat ( so when it would n't be feasible to use the sniper ) . 
  i only realized how broken modding is after adding a silence to my sniper , going into that energy weapons shop ( silver something ) and picking them off 1 by 1 without anyone noticing or caring that their friends are dying around them , all the while giggling . 
  if you 're gon na start , definitely recommend f3 . 
  easier , and way more exploitable  also you can easily max out special and skills . 
  i do n't know why people complain about f3 story , i liked it . 
  after that go new vegas , which has way better gameplay and is generally harder . 
  and if you still want more fallout after that try playing 1 and 2 . 
  but they 're not for everyone . 
  i tried and quit five times before finally playing f1 ( because let 's just say even if you disregard the bad graphics that can easily make you miss important stuff , it 's an isometric turn based rpg that has a very clunky ui before you 're used to it ) . 
  but if you do make it past the first stage of `` omg this ui sucks , these graphics suck '' you 'll see a perfectly fine rpg . 
  well , it 's not really that important if you just gamble . 
  gambling breaks the game , get a gambling of about 60 % , have decent luck , go to a casino , weigh down your 1 and 4 keys and return in about 10-20 min . 
  congratulations , you now have infinite caps . 
  hm , well , i did everything on the way to new vegas ( including killing that vulpes guy or whatever , screw that guy ) so that 'd be the first town with the raider and deputy problem , that ncr camp on the bottom left side of the map , went through the city where vulpes killed them all , did stuff in novac , boulder city , explored a couple of locations , and then almost everything in vegas itself ( freeside , and the strip , i say almost cause i guess i missed some small quests here and there but i did the kings , all the families and basically all the main stuff ) and like i said i used a guide for making sure i do the most quests possible for each faction . 
  first bitchizen lynette ... 
  seriously dead money sucked hard . 
  i thought people were over exaggerating , and i was like `` hey this is just right '' during the villa part . 
  but once i got to the level where you go to the vault , i despised it so much . 
  fuck the speakers and the holograms in that level . 
  there 's a difference between hard and cheap . 
  fighting 10 deathclaws at once would be hard . 
  having to keep backtracking until you finally figure out where the speaker is is n't hard , just annoying . 
  that 's why it sucked . 
  edit : i would like to add that i really liked the parts before that ( the story , and the speakers that were in relatively easy spots in the villa ) . 
  but that one part just ruined the entire dlc for me . 
  if i ever play it again ( i tend to not replay games so i google on how to do almost everything the best way even before starting ) i 'll just console tcl and tell that level to stick it up his bum . 
  eh , better than my first death ... annihilated by the bandits ... that is however better than my ian 's death ... and tycho 's ... and dogmeat 's :( ran into a super mutant patrol ( for the first time in the game mind you ) ... and the dude bursted the shit out of all 3 of them in 1 round with his minigun ... and one of his friends ... it would almost have been comical if i was n't thinking `` fuck now all that equipment 's gon na go to waste '' and `` nooo poor dogmeat :( '', 
  i literally started crying from laughter when the onions would n't burn ... 
  but in all seriousness , onions are the best part of ... every meal ... i add them to everything . 
  heh , thanks , managed to get it working . 
  so if i edit the perk to have the effect of `` action point cost with actor value of 0.80 '' it should work properly ? 
  then i just save the esm and load it ? 
  okay thanks . 
  but mind explaining me how that works ? 
  i thought i changed the actual files for the game , but instead i added new ones . 
  how does that work , ie which one will be working , my modified or the base games ' ? 
  heh , i never said i did n't do it . 
  it was hard as fuck but i did it by just taking off all my armor and sneaking everywhere , then sniping everything . 
  that 's still dumb imo . 
  the point of rpg 's is to go from someone that 's a coward and has to sneak everywhere to the greatest fighter that annihilates everything . 
  like in fallout 1 . 
  raiders were annihilating me at the start , and at the end i was one shotting super mutants . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  and if they scale , increase their damage ( like with deathclaws ) but do n't fucking make me empty half my ammo to kill one guy . 
  funny story nobody will care about : i played half life when i was 6 . 
  like 6 year olds i was afraid of monsters . 
  i had no idea what the game was about ( i actually thought it was a mod to counter strike rather than reverse , so when i clicked `` switch game '' i found it by accident ) . 
  i thought it was a job simulator , and since i did n't know english that well at the time i thought i messed up when the explosions started , and was sad that i 'm not going to get a promotion :( and when the monsters appeared i just nope 'd out , not to play the game again for 6 more years . 
  there 's no need for this comment . 
  i already said in the comment below i did do it , hard or not ( though it did require a lot of time , at least compared to my normal way of playing ) . 
  it 's just not good that it 's better to stay low level because of enemy scaling . 
  gaining levels is supposed to make you stronger , not weaker ( in comparison to enemies of course , as they scale with you ) .
