  we may as well be , you generally wo n't know a lot about someone just from the account name . 
  serious question here : do they actually have even more spies than northern realms ? 
  i only ever played with the north , and i usually draw out the entire deck . 
  of course i had to play fucking skellige for the tournament ... 
  hm , i do n't use scorch at all . 
  i use all spies , have yen and that medic lady , i have two commander 's horns + dandelion + hero ability , 3 decoys , no weather cards , and a lot of heroes , as well as cards that raise their value when put next to the same card . 
  i can reach something like 300 + often . 
  yeah , but i never ever play the good cards first round . 
  i usually pop heroes during those if i think i can win ( and i usually do ) . 
  else i just watch him waste cards , while i throw that guy that rapes melee or some other random cards i 'll medic next round . 
  then second round i usually will play a strong card ( usually 8 point catapult ) , but before that i 'll play a commander 's horn ( foltest ) on that line . 
  so now the card will be 16 , ai will 90 % of the time waste scorch on it , and i can res it with the medic to be even more op when i give it a pair . 
  same here . 
  blocked throughout all of ds1 . 
  still blocked a lot in ds2 , but i added some dodging . 
  in ds3 i dumped the shield cause rolling is too op . 
  and i had to learn to parry for my sl1 run . 
  tbh i would love some of those options . 
  i get real fucking ocd about finding everything and so i constantly think `` oh did i find everything '' and then i go look it up and miss all the `` blindness '' of it ... 
  obviously not the whole ridiculous `` instant kill/respawn here/level gated area '' , but a map and a counter for `` important items '' like shards would have been nice . 
  i literally just used the same exact expression that the guy i replied to did . 
  i had no issues jumping at 60 fps . 
  weapon durability was fucking stupid in ds2 with some weapons ( mainly the bigger ones ) . 
  from the bonfire to the executioner 's chariot boss gate , my great demon hammer broke . 
  i had to get a totally new weapon for the boss . 
  nope . 
  google the name . 
  this was in sotfs . 
  latest patch . 
  i 'd like rocket league , thanks . 
  phoebe is the one i genuinely hated . 
  all the others are cool . 
  same . 
  it 's not `` from absolutely nowhere '' . 
  it 's if you hit him more than two times , while he 's `` staggered '' , and only in his curved sword phase . 
  i am pretty sure it happens the third time . 
  i am however 100 % sure it will not happen before you hit him twice . 
  nah , it 's cause it 's a bitch to dodge . 
  on my sl1 run , whenever he 'd go into that mode , i usually ran away till he swaps . 
  like the guy said , it has some pretty neat lore . 
  it 's also a very short game ( like 12 hours if you play through not caring about collecting everything ) . 
  very fast ( 1 branch of yore , and 2k souls later ) , you have 5 paths . 
  there were literal achievements taunting you in the case of the binding of isaac . 
  it did n't surprise anyone it was datamined . 
  i do n't believe there 's any chance he 'd die 16 times from getting yoel to the abyss watchers . 
  he might 've noticed the hollowing , but would n't finish the quest this playtrough . 
  i wonder why people are surprised when they get downvoted . 
  it 's not like anyone respects the `` do n't downvote for disagreeing '' rule , and then they post something negative about `` x '' in a sub about `` x '' . 
  of course people will think `` hey , this person does n't like `` x '' , i will downvote this '' . 
  you can open the path to huntsman 's copse in approx . 
  5 minutes . 
  you can get the fragrant branch in approx . 
  10 ( one in no man 's wharf ) . 
  firelink shrine has only 4 connections ( new londo , catacombs , burg , vod ) . 
  sure vod gets you into 2 new areas , bringing you up to 6 , but then almost the very start of shaded woods leads into 3 other areas . 
  i 'm not arguing ds2 is more `` open '' , but claiming it `` does n't have many options '' is blatantly false . 
  ... i like vanilla graphics more ... 
  are you rolling or blocking ? 
  i remember he took me like 10 tries my first time through because i was blocking . 
  then after playing ds3 , and seeing how op roll is in it , i started rolling in the other 2 games as well . 
  i killed him first try . 
  so try rolling would be my tip . 
  so , you press the `` 2 handed/power stance '' and the attack buttons at the same time . 
  but should you start off in power stance , or not ? 
  ah right , i forgot about that part . 
  well , i do n't really like those kinds of attacks that use up durability . 
  i may go with enchanted after all then . 
  you can get to the gutter , at sl1 , no ring . 
  and `` all this stuff '' is irrelevant because there 's not a whole lot of stuff to do , if you can obtain it in 5-10 minutes . 
  and that is , again , totally not the point . 
  your statement was `` ds2 does n't have a lot of options '' . 
  i say it does . 
  you can do those 5 in almost any order , with shaded woods requiring to go through either heide 's , or the forest , to get the branch . 
  you will get 2k by the time you reach majula , if you do things betwixt . 
  about the gutter , i was n't technically wrong , but still was . 
  you can be sl1 , and you do not need the cat ring , you do however need some other hp increasing rings . 
  so those ca n't really be gotten immediately . 
  the ring is like 14k though , just kill dragonrider and you 'll have enough . 
  someone help me out here , what does `` christening the toilet '' mean ? 
  from the comments i assume it means shitting in it or something . 
  thanks . 
  i did . 
  what ? 
  well i was n't expecting that . 
  what if you do n't know about greedbutt , get a 0 damage daily , find out about it a month later , and are now fucked forever ? 
  yeah . 
  real pain in the ass to do that for every character though . 
  mate , if i was going to buy it , i would n't be posting here . 
  would upgrading the flame affect in a lot ? 
  yah , that 's the one i saw , but it looks fishy . 
  848 , thank you . 
  [ same here fam , always knew i had actual autism . 
  this just confirms it . 
  yeah shit man , i remember i used to like that site . 
  have n't been on there in a long while . 
   modern society, 
  there 's your answer mate . 
  for all the shit my country 's in , at least our people are n't so cucked . 
  you could have written better than shakespeare , i 'd still downvote you , because guess what ? 
  your comment adds literally nothing to the discussion .
