  i remember we had an exercise to pass the ball to one another ( 2 of us ) while running , and reach the end of the hall and back . 
  when it came time to run back i not only did not catch the ball , but slipped and fell ( for something as simple as changing directions ) . 
  guillotine is fucking awesome dude . 
  it 's an awesome damaging orbital , and it gives amazing damage and tears , what 's not to like . 
  you just got ta use it well . 
  yo mate , mind telling me the results of all the sport matches for the last 3 years ? 
  thanks . 
  if i 'm talking to my future self , his last 3 years would be my future 3 years , no ? 
  not to advise doing that , but do you know how much even like 3-4 upvotes mean ? 
  if some fucker downvotes your submission ( therefore bringing it to 0 ) , poof it goes , there 's like a 90 % chance it 'll be stuck there . 
  if you give yourself a couple of upvotes , it goes to rising , and if it 's even barely interesting , it 'll get a lot of attention . 
  and if you downvote others at the same time , your submission is the only worthwhile one in rising , giving you lots of karma . 
  i 'm sure people can spend like 2 minutes doing that . 
  [ got ta post the followup . 
  technically , it may not be just karma . 
  highly upvoted stuff gets gold often . 
  hm , thanks . 
  would playing a pure mage be any good ? 
  how does `` realistic leveling '' work ? 
  hearing you guys talk about it makes me wonder if i should take it , or the +5 at all times mod . 
  what major skills would you recommend i should use , if i plan to control my level ups , while still playing a mage ? 
  already did that , did n't help . 
  hm ... are mages supposed to be weak at lower levels ? 
  i had to restart like 5 times that farm quest where you defend from goblins , because the 2 brothers kept dying and it took me a long time to kill the goblin skirmishers ... i 'm lvl4 right now . 
  conjuring does n't really attract me though ... i 'd like to just blow the monsters away with destruction . 
  how do you do that `` enchant a weapon so it deals increasingly more and more damage '' thing ? 
  weakness to magic + magic hit enchant ? 
  and can you do that with custom spells ? 
  currently in the process of joining the mages ' guild ... but it kinda bugs me that i have to go to every city , because when i reach one place i like doing all the quests there , and if i do that for every city it 'll be ages before i can enter the arcane college ( or whatever it was ) . 
  and one last thing : how to earn some money ? 
  so far i 've been collecting scraps by making a shitload of `` restore fatigue '' potions . 
  i 've got like 3k gold now cause i spent a shitload on spells . 
  seems hollow to you , but perfectly reasonable to me . 
  why intentionally gimp yourself ( by not knowing information ) ? 
  i never replay games . 
  not even games like `` skyrim '' with infinite replayability . 
  but i replayed dishonored 3 times . 
  and the dlc 's . 
  get it if you can . 
  it 's an awesome game , if a bit short . 
  and as a bonus , dishonored 2 is coming out 2016 so you can be ready for that . 
  for the most part it 's clear though ( except the infamous `` glass him '' which i actually knew what meant and did it anyway because fuck that guy ) and it 's not like you get `` less choices '' . 
  nigga you got investigate on the left ( going off of mass effect ) , if anything it 's probably going to be the same . 
  also makes you feel bad if you [ kill daud . 
  i 'm glad i just knocked him out and took his gold ( though at the time i was like `` this 'll humiliate him more than if i just kill him , fuck you daud ) ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  [ looks good to me ] ( http://prntscr.com/7xgqxb ) , are you on a phone ? 
  smithing enchanting alchemy . 
  there 's tons of videos . 
  it 's actually 700 + like 100 from enchantments . 
  it 's been a while since i 've actually done it so i do n't remember the start but :, 
  1 ) my weapons are actually daedric . 
  if i recall they 're basically the same as dragonbone , and a little bit weaker than the ones in dragonborn dlc . 
  but definitely stronger than ebony . 
  2 ) have max enchanting , alchemy and smithing . 
  3 ) this is the part which i do n't actually recall the correct order of , but you make `` enhance alchemy gear '' ( ie enchant all pieces of any random armor with that enchantment , do n't remember the correct name ) , then put it on and make `` enhance enchanting potion '' . 
  then you go make another set of enhance alchemy gear but you drink the potion before creating it so it 's stronger . 
  you repeat this process and your potions get a bit stronger each time until you reach like 29 % on the potions . 
  then you create enhance smithing gear ( drinking the potion before creating it of course ) , and finally create like 2-3 enhance smithing potions ( because creating that shit takes time and potions tick down while in crafting menu ) . 
  then you drink those enhance smithing potions , and ( while wearing enhance smithing gear ) you create your final armor and weapons and `` enhance '' ( whatever 's the grindstone thingy term , been a while since i last player ) it , and your weapon should reach something like 200 damage if i recall . 
  then you enchant your final armor all with `` fortify two handed '' and your weapon with the enchantment you want . 
  i know it 's not very good explained , just look up a video , and of course you must wear the correct enchanted gear at all times . 
  oh yeah i did that already . 
  it totally worked.would never have found it if i did n't go looking through my oblivion folder , and saw the `` training_fix '' thingy . 
  thanks anyway man . 
  i 'm actually level 18 right now and it 's still killing everything after i hit them 2-3 times . 
  50 % difficulty . 
  yeah they got way more than 100 hp man , and it does n't kill them first ( or even second ) try but eventually they fall down after the `` weakness to magic '' stacks up . 
  could n't last any longer . 
  this is terrible . 
  dawg he probably reached 1500 with only vanilla-esque runs ( 980 in his playlist , then he 's got some all over the place like the 2 weeks of community remix ) . 
  and then the nlss ( if he played vanilla during it back then ) . 
  i 'd say he 's got like 2-2 .5 k videos of any form of isaac right now . 
  it 's possible i guess . 
  i did the same thing ( scissors and counterfeit penny were last things for me ) but i scummed the shit out of the lost with the alt f4 glitch so it does n't really count without him . 
  if you pause the game when you die ( before the last will thingy shows up ) and alt-f4 you can restart from the beginning of the floor ( or wherever you saved , and you save by just exiting to main menu mid run ) and so it 's literally impossible to lose ( of course i only did this for the lost , regular characters are easy enough ) . 
  i think i had like 50 deaths when i got everything except the scissors and counterfeit penny . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/celicni, 
  the one time i was there , it was a free chat , and the mods switched it because there was too much spam . 
  i think i was at like 60 . 
  but it 's not a `` real '' rpg per se . 
  i scummed the meat boy and bondage girl with the seed exploit , and the lost with the alt-f4 glitch . 
  it really does n't take long if you played vanilla/cheat the lost/meat boy * 2 like i did . 
  i could probably pm you the next time i see one . 
  wonder why the responses mention sounds though . 
  exactly . 
  but the 7 charisma on character creation is the one that 's killing me the most . 
  if chat was at the very least with slow mode i could fucking give actually proper advice and hope he sees it . 
  nope . 
  it 's the fucking 50 acrobatics perk . 
  fuck you dodge roll you piece of shit , how the fuck are you related to fucking sneak - . -, 
  took me a long time to figure out why someone would not want a 69 ... 
  erm ... was there a way to change my age ? 
  i could not figure it out and i clicked everywhere ... do n't really want to be 35 . 
  [ also , god tier boss rush . 
  [ and lastly the chest . 
  ] ( http://img.prntscr.com/img?url=http://i.imgur.com/zeicq4k.png ) also had pisces but i took it before ssing . 
  deal with the devil on that double fallen fight had demon baby , moon star ( wob ) and abbaddon . 
  shit damage , shit tears . 
  over 1 hour and did n't even finish cathedral . 
  nl said it perfectly ( not exact quote ) : `` this is the damage of soy milk , with the tear rate of eve 's mascara '' .
