  ... but ... but ... the anti rape wristbands !!, 
  if you bothered to read the first sentence of that ( not that i blame you , nobody reads the fucking titles or whatever ) you 'd see she 's a member of the ** stop islamization ** of america ... that would make the sarcasm a bit more obvious . 
  meem you infidel . 
  on the one hand , it 's kinda nice that defensive builds are finally better at something . 
  on the other hand fuck you , if i have an op run i wan na feel op . 
  are you nl in disguise ? 
  well if you kill a certain boss enough times , you 'll get to meet satan every time . 
  the lost would be the most fun character to play if his holy mantle was unrerollable . 
  some of the most fun i 've had in the game is the lost at the start of afterbirth when i was getting new achievements for him and the greed machine was still stuck at 109 ( so no holy mantle ) . 
  rerolling like a motherfucker was awesome . 
  well ... you do have to be pretty autistic to figure this one out ... 
  this guy is n't a serb . 
  this is a bluepilled numale pseudoserb that probably goes around saying he `` hates his country '' . 
  we deeply apologize for the behavior of this individual . 
  serbia basically is / pol / , if you 're a faggot/tranny do n't come here , and fats get laughed at all the time . 
   this is so difficult, 
   i wo n't look anything up, 
  you only have yourself to blame . 
  we do , this kind of traitors are a minority . 
  also would like to know this . 
  i know it 's the 1st of july , but i 'd like a specified timeframe . 
  he is incredibly op . 
  he just gets fucked on hush/isaac/possibly blue baby , but other than that he shits on everything . 
  az is easy mode against everything , but he struggles against the above mentioned bosses due to shitty range . 
  the thing is , it 's only bad on hush , cause the other 2 usually die too fast for it to be a problem . 
  and azazel `` struggling '' is like any other character playing regularly . 
   this is so messed up, 
  it was at this point that i knew it was a tendieroll . 
  1/10 you tried . 
  i got a mod to get the old music back . 
  sounds like you need to `` git gud '' as they say . 
  ... there go my hopes of lifting fixing it ... 
  c-span stream fucked for anyone else ? 
  youtube works fine though . 
  no red heart damage at all = 100 % . 
  no red heart damage at boss only = 36 % . 
  if you got a deal with the devil on the last floor , multiply the percentages by 0.25 . 
  if you got a deal with the devil 2 floors ago , multiply the percentages by 0.5 . 
  certain items raise % chance , refer to the wiki/platgod for that . 
  that 's basically it . 
  yes . 
  would like to know as well . 
  poorfag from serbia here , chances of me getting any kind of surgery are basically 0 . 
  shit mate , i just hope this election has a better ending than me3 . 
  ca n't afford it . 
  4chan made that whole `` vote from twitter '' picture . 
  we got ta spam the shit out of that on election day , i 'm sure most people dumb enough to vote for $ hillary will fall for it . 
  can confirm . 
  yeah seriously . 
  post a shitty joke in / r/askreddit on a thread you think is promising , and that 's anywhere from 1-5k karma . 
  be a real shame if something were to ... happen to these rapists ... accidents happen to everyone . 
  red all the way , both irl and in me . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can choose anything else ( again , both irl and in me ) . 
  how does that even happen ? 
  ah right , i forgot you guys have a different system . 
  dwtd : brimstone, 
  item room : mom 's knife, 
  shop : compass, 
  red chest : guppy 's head, 
  golden chest : steven, 
  did you determine it by the size of your tears ? 
  that 's a rather unreliable way to test that . 
  this is one of the very few shitty items i would n't change at all . 
  it 's main use is n't even mentioned in the description and is basically a secret , and that 's killing mom ( 's heart ) . 
  i can see this being incredibly useful to new players , and even an experienced player can use it for that reason if he 's got nothing else . 
  save yourself a spirit heart or two of damage . 
  i forgot . 
  angel room : sacred heart . 
  so ... i spent my whole life with no heart ? 
  do you by any chance remember the part he edited ? 
  the comment as is right now does not deserve 15 downvotes . 
  skyrim belongs to the nords . 
  yeah ... we 've got a real nice history clintons and us ... really nice ... 
  holy shit . 
  saving these . 
  they probably did n't * intend * to cut her off . 
  all kinds of items mess with the size of tears . 
  definitely not a reliable way . 
  i would trust missinghud though . 
  did you have succubus by any chance ? 
   you were supposed to defeat the establishment , not join it . 
  can someone make this with any bernout 's face as obi-wan , and bernie as anakin ? 
  kill yourself op , saw this shit a hundred times . 
  press enter twice after each kek . 
  kek < ------ this one, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  kek, 
  anywhere outside of this sub is pure cancer . 
  even in fucking gaming subreddits that have absolutely nothing to do with politics i see the occasional `` trump is hitler '' . 
  should n't be surprising , considering most of reddit is probably the people you described . 
  i 'd drop my tendies if it was farage . 
  ca n't barrage the farage . 
  how many points is shitposting on the_donald ? 
  but , does n't this mean the elections are decided purely by campaigns in the `` purple '' states ? 
  you 're overestimating how much ads pay . 
  a youtuber called arumba 's been having some financial losses lately and has publicly disclosed a lot of information about his income .
