  again , may not be that far in , but seems pretty alright now that i raised intelligence . 
  now if only i could find a decent magic weapon . 
  i 've been using the deep battle axe from that first mimic all the way until now . 
  i thought it was 666 % ? 
  i totally missed that one . 
  was like `` fuck that its a dragon '' . 
  very untrue . 
  i can not imagine playing ds with a controller . 
  though that comes from the fact i can not play anything with a controller . 
  they 're just incredibly clunky and not precise . 
  played and finished ds1/2/3 all with mouse and keyboard . 
  for completion sake ? 
  not at all . 
  and definitely massive benefits to using missing hud 2 . 
  the biggest one for me is knowing when tears upgrades will be useless . 
  i3 3210 , radeon r7 260x , 8 gigs . 
  i mean something like `` i know i could beat these fuckers if i pull them one by one with the bow , but fuck you game , i ai n't letting you beat me , i 'll pull them all at once '' and do that till i beat them . 
  where 's ciaran though : /, 
  i felt ds2 story was easier than ds1 to follow . 
  actually understood most of it rather than it just going over my head like with ds1 . 
  also made a real nice headcanon at the end . 
  adblock , gold only subs are ... very very unimportant . 
  reddit dude is unimportant as well . 
  most of the other stuff is doable with res . 
  the only one i miss is the `` new comment highlighting '' . 
  lore = / = story = / = plot . 
  i mean , most people combine story and plot into one , as i did above , when i actually meant to say the plot . 
  but lore and story/plot are very different . 
  i 'm not speaking for or against it ( though i am for ) , just providing reasons why gold is generally unimportant . 
  not sure if i have shitty headphones or really great speakers . 
  headphones have just the right amount of sound for me . 
  if i was playing that shit with speakers i 'd wake the entire city up . 
  played ds1 2 and 3 all with m&kb . 
  found them all to be pretty much the same . 
  just got ta get dsfix for ds1 and setup the controls . 
  i got fast attack lmb , block rmb , parry shift , heavy tab , dodge/run space , q estus e interact , wasd movement . 
  it 's pretty much like any other game . 
  i find controllers abysmal personally . 
  many of my friends do in fact . 
  when we get together to play pes the match is basically decided by who gets to play on the keyboard ( hint : they win ) . 
  was originally bound to space . 
  set it to f because otherwise it fucks up rolling . 
  i one shot pontiff , abyss watchers , dancer , dragonslayer armor and whatever else people have trouble with . 
  i died 5 times on the curse rotted greatwood . 
  i do n't even know . 
  hardest fight was nameless king by a long shot . 
  i agree . 
  it was n't a bad game , it was a terrible fallout game . 
  i 'm with you . 
  ds1 was my first so that 's not it . 
  ds2 was fucking hell for me , especially the dlc 's . 
  the dlc 's must be half my ~ 175 total deaths . 
  this one felt really easy ( except that one optional boss , you 'll know the one ) . 
  haha i 'd imagine it gets way easier when you know the patterns . 
  fucker took me ~ 20 tries and i used consumables for the first time ever in a souls game . 
  just to be clear , is the boss you 're thinking about [ ] ( / s `` nameless king ? '' ), 
  fume knight and blue smelter demon can suck a dick . 
  especially the gauntlet before the blue smelter demon . 
  elana when she summons velstadt is bullshit . 
  i beat her when she just kept summoning skeletons over and over . 
  the 2 pussies in old ivory king are also terrible , especially the horses . 
  out of curiosity , how many times did you die first playtrough ? 
  i was at ~ 175 , and half of that was from the fucking dlc 's . 
  also like 40 deaths in forest of the fallen giants , fuck the pursuer . 
  when i learned to dodge him he was eez , but before that ... 
  kill yourself tbh . 
  i can totally see this happening . 
  if being autistic and then growing out of it taught me anything , most lines are passable if you say them in a correct manner ( usually that means confidently ) . 
  common sense should be used . 
  like hell i would n't even consider many boss names a spoiler . 
  oh no you 're gon na be fighting `` high lord wolnir '' . 
  that totally ruins the entire game , knowing there 's someone named that way . 
  whatsoever shall we do , may as well uninstall . 
  the scenario in question is n't `` too harsh '' . 
  it 's more like `` absolutely ridiculous and stupid '' . 
  dreamchaser 's ashes ? 
  really ? 
  that 's basically punishing the ones not at fault . 
  do you think a crystal uchigatana could work ? 
   use spoiler tags when appropriate and please do not include spoilers in the titles of posts . 
  i do n't see how anyone in the entire world could consider dreamchaser 's ashes a spoiler . 
  heard it sucks bad in ds3 . 
  [ checked pc , is not fine . 
  holy shit . 
  this is amazing . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  if someone 's telling a story , it 's their story , and no matter what i think , there 's only 1 correct answer . 
  me thinking something up wo n't change it , it 's like if i say 2 +2 = 5 . 
  this is a perfect example . 
  people were like `` omg solaire 's the firstborn '' . 
  then some were like `` andre 's the firstborn '' . 
  they were all wrong . 
  so how was that even the slightest bit worth it/useful ? 
  speculation is n't an answer . 
  i 'm saying i dislike the fact there is not a definite answer . 
  pretty much par for the course to have a disappointing last boss . 
  this one actually was n't that bad , i thought the fight was really cool with the whole `` every class ability '' thingy . 
  where is that implied ? 
  i mean ... he 's just serving his master ? 
  the master 's insane , the guy was just being a good servant .
