  sorry but i do n't understand you . 
  i say magneto is bad cause it takes up an item room slot . 
  if it was n't there , and you got another item instead , you can still reroll that with d100 , and it 'd be better than magneto while you have it . 
  i assume you 're talking about 1,2 and nv ? 
  fuck off with your `` oh skyrim ruined elder scrolls '' bullshit . 
  oblivion and morrowind were n't that good . 
  oblivion could be the best game in the universe , it gets a 0/10 cause of that godawful leveling system where , if you play normally ( and not like an ocd faggot going for a 5/5/1 every level ) you get weaker as you level . 
  also , dem faces . 
  and then there 's morrowind with the outdated and clunky mechanics that , while alright for d & d , do not belong in a game in which i 'm swinging the fucking sword . 
  also , fuck the fact there 's no quest marker . 
  the descriptions in some quests are beyond terrible . 
  and fuck morrowind mages . 
  if you 're a noob , they are so bad it 's not even funny . 
  and if you know how to break the game , they 're so good it 's not even fun anymore . 
  i 'm not even gon na mention daggerfall and arena . 
  it 's technically the same dps , but quite possibly lower overall , cause missing a shot when you shoot 10/s and missing a shot when you shoot 1/s is not the same . 
  and then you also lose shot speed . 
  i do n't see how it 's great . 
  if you 're `` choosing your shots '' that 's automatically lowering your dps . 
  and let 's say an enemy moves quickly . 
  with high tear rate , you miss a couple of tears , then proceed to machine gun him again . 
  it would n't matter that much . 
  on the other hand if you shoot once every 3 seconds , and shoot just as he moves , you waste a lot of dps . 
  \\  implying the journal was actually useful in morrowind, 
  the directions were literally `` go across 3 mountains to the city of lawgkasgkye [ or some other fucked up name ] , wait till 3:57 am , then suck a hobo 's dick so he can tell you to go fuck yourself and just check google '' . 
  finding where to go in that mess was not fun . 
  i do n't ask for a fucking line drawn to tell me which exact steps to take . 
  i 'd just like it to show the general area on the map . 
  \\  do n't want to get lost for no fucking reason, 
  \\  that makes me a casual, 
  do you even brain m8 ? 
  i very much enjoy classical rpg 's , and hard games in general . 
  i just do n't want to get lost . 
  your fingers are tired and you just want to hold down the button to shoot rather than charging it . 
  2 ) brimstone . 
  4 ) mom 's knife . 
  5 ) judas 's shadow . 
  6 ) goat head . 
  7 ) death 's touch . 
  10 ) whore of babylon . 
  this is n't the `` strongest '' item list . 
  it 's the ones i like to see the most in that order . 
  most of the guppy items are actually pretty bad , but the transformation is awesome so i do n't know where to rank them . 
  honestly , the lost at the very start of afterbirth was the most fun i had . 
  he had the d4 , and you just rolled and rolled and rolled ... until you got holy mantle . 
  and i had amazing fun seeing what i 'd get and dealing with it . 
  as the lost now starts with holy mantle no way in hell am i going to reroll it . 
  nah it was a long time ago . 
  like , 2 computers back . 
  alternatively , what if you activate it with nothing in front of you . 
  when would you stop ? 
  the earth is n't flat , you 'd eventually fly off to space . 
  i remember someone doing some calculations on how big the rooms were . 
  and it turned out the answer was `` surprisingly big '' . 
  the pony crosses the rooms very fast . 
  if i could find that post , maybe we could determine the speed of the pony . 
  dunce is the only one i do n't like , cause the letters are kinda hard to read . 
  please explain the difference . 
  in reply to your edit , that i did n't see before : i 'm sure there 's tons of people on reddit faking it . 
  saying anything even slightly not pc on reddit will get you downvoted to hell , and all discussion is instantly over . 
  that 's why i prefer 4chan for discussing politics , your post will be there , and the more controversial it is , the more replies it gets , the more discussion there is . 
  i actually think afterbirth challenges were pretty fun in general . 
  and not a single one of them requires blue or red candle ( i did have pre nerf stopwatch on brains though , that challenge should seriously not go to the chest ) . 
  i am actually in the minority in that `` guardian '' was my favorite challenge . 
  it required a totally different style of play ( actually buying hearts/spirit hearts from shops at all times , running into enemies like mad , saving bombs to bomb out of tricky rooms , red mom is the only thing i 'd consider bullshit ) . 
  i honestly give this item a 10/10 . 
  it 's not that amazing , and i 'd rank it 8.5 or 9/10 if i ranked just based off of an items ' power . 
  but it gets extra points for having that unique `` oh crap i got orange , should i hit myself to try for blue '' gameplay . 
  i thought jokes were supposed to be funny . 
  influence wise she 's just a rogue ( with connections but still ) . 
  if i bring viviene she 's a powerful mage . 
  blackwall 's / iron bull are intimidating mountains . 
  cassandra is the seeker , dorian is again a mage , cole is a weird creepy spirit thing , varric is ... well varric i 'd have him around even if all he did during fights was dance . 
  and like i said , i would 've killed him anyway . 
  i wanted to see his reasons first . 
  and if sera does n't agree , she 's out of ** my ** inquisition . 
  also , who are you to decide what 's a valid reason to get pissed off at a character ? 
  if that is so , it 's as good a reason as any to dislike her , no ? 
  i 'm very friendly towards all my companions , and would support them whatever they do but i expect the same in return . 
  if i wish to question the guy , she should respect that . 
  surely the shanking can wait 2 minutes for me to finish with him ? 
  well i was thinking of `` hypothetical '' influence she could have , assuming a `` real world '' scenario . 
  people would be way more scared of any other inquisition member than her . 
  it is exactly because of that `` training '' that i wanted to investigate every option . 
  games are n't real world . 
  they will have some ... issues , such as the `` explain everything '' which you should often do or you could miss something important . 
  breaking that in a specific point is not expected . 
  also , in real world someone could spill something accidentally , or reveal a miscommunication issue ( see the witcher 3 example above ) . 
  no , someone does n't have to agree with me on all things . 
  everyone would be free to say what they want , and i 'd take that into consideration . 
  and i also agreed that the guy is worth killing . 
  but there is absolutely no reason to kill him instantly . 
  and that was just the tip of the iceberg . 
  her quirkiness is annoying , and the `` pranks '' are n't funny . 
  throw pies at random people like in trespasser ? 
  haha so funny . 
  you prank someone you know , and in a way other than `` here 's a pie to your face '' . 
  and yes , the distinction is very important , because the way you stated it does sound like you mean it as the infallible and objective truth . 
  also i 'm too lazy to quote . 
  but each section responds to yours in order .
