  not a bad item ( anymore ) . 
  same , i know what every single item/trinket does , even the obscure stuff . 
  i know the strategies , etc , and have watched like 2k of nl 's videos on isaac ( all of rebirth + all of afterbirth and am around ep 900 of vanilla let 's play + nlss ) . 
  i also have 1001 % . 
  despite that i do n't think i 'm a great player , because i actually play very little of the game ( mostly just watch nl ) and so lack the actual mechanic skills to pull off some crazy streaks ( my max is like 15 or something , not that i ever actually tried hard but still ) . 
  dude , everything today is edgy , according to reddit . 
  adblock on . 
  yeah , that 's the one i use . 
  it 's really not . 
  i can understand people taking it to have fun , but if you only wanted to win , soy milk is not a good item to take . 
  clearly people disagree with you . 
  you win despite soy milk , not because of it ( most of the time ) . 
  not all heroes wear capes . 
  trump `` supporter '' here ( under quotes cause i 'm not american and am in it just for the memes ) . 
  i upvoted the shit out of this and another joke i saw a few weeks ago . 
  i upvote them if they 're good . 
  `` ha ha guys donald trump is hitler '' is not upvote-worthy . 
  [ this i assume . 
  it 's a shitty 80 , but it 's an 80 . 
  what happened ? 
  so how 's that shitposting working out for you ? 
  just played the dark messiah . 
  kick is hilarious . 
  do want . 
  they expect me to believe rey and finn can beat kylo ren ? 
  you have a video of your second paragraph ? 
  you 're the worst type of person . 
  was it not 1 million ? 
  erm ... sorry , but `` here '' ? 
  we use tendierolls in the_donald . 
  also , trump 's wife was the one doing the rickrolling . 
  newfags ca n't triforce . 
  kek is a powerful deity . 
  1 month old account . 
  ctr probably . 
  i thought succubi were supposed to be hot ? 
  mate , no matter how well i know someone , if he holds me at knife point , i 'm pretty sure i 'd freak out a lot more than if someone yelled at me over dinner . 
  in a crowded restaurant as opposed to 1v1 in the bathroom ? 
  i do n't actually . 
  where did that happen ? 
  and you clearly seem to be way more trusting of people than me . 
  for me it 'd come down to `` this guy 's got a knife , and this one does n't , i 'll take my chances '' . 
  ok that 's pretty fucked up . 
  if anything , if i was as demented as that , i 'd go kill the dude . 
  lads , the shills over at / r/enoughtrumpspam are planning to fuck the ama up . 
  we must be on our best behavior . 
  we must drop words such as `` cuck '' . 
  pepe 's still fine ofc . 
  yep . 
  if you visit that awful subreddit , they 're openly advising it . 
  the wall needs to be, 
  # 10 feet higher !!, 
   literally got republicans to cheer for gay rights, 
  please try ctr , i will be very hurt by doxing . 
  wait ... if it 's not `` love trump 's hate '' what the fuck is it ? 
  what does `` loves trumps hate '' mean ? 
  edit : nevermind , got it . 
  what a weird sentence . 
  did not for a second think trump was used as an actual word rather than the name . 
  can confirm , literally everyone i know irl , when asked , will say `` trump 's a good guy '' . 
  now , it 's not very often as we do n't exactly discuss american politics a lot , but still . 
  7/10 too much water . 
  daughter ** s **, 
  got ta get my coffee . 
  ama is at 2 am for me . 
  i just love the if if if if if bot , that triggers all the other bots . 
  and also the fact there 's absolutely no censorship over at / r/news . 
  what would that even do ? 
  would it ... crash reddit ? 
  i know that sub where they wanted to count as high as possible had to separate threads because too many replies `` lagged the servers '' . 
  #lock her up, 
  #while crooked hillary plays connect-the-dots . 
  #we are tired of winning ( we 're not ) !!, 
  first off , let me state that i am a foreigner with no horse in the race ( as visible by my flag ) . 
  mr. trump , we have many foreign supporters in here . 
  the people i know in real life , even though they 're not americans , when asked will say that you 're a `` good choice '' , and even they realize how unfairly you 're portrayed in the media . 
  at the same time , whenever i mention crooked hillary clinton to anyone , all i get is a `` yeah i know about her , bill clinton 's wife '' , and optionally a scowl . 
  why do you think so many foreigners agree with what you 're saying ? 
  i 've seen many comments about `` disagreeing with some of trump 's policies '' . 
  you know what , i agree . 
  so ... you 've got experience ? 
  is it not the literal definition of a mental illness ? 
  mental illness, 
  a condition which causes serious disorder in a person 's behaviour or thinking . 
  war . 
  does n't spawn any annoying enemies i have to kill . 
  pretty easy fight . 
  yeah , that 's a pretty uncommon behavior . 
  fuck hosts, 
  you 're playing rather slow imo . 
  if my run finishes past 35 minutes i consider it slow . 
  i usually aim for sub 30 . 
  i have completed the entire game in every way possible , and most of my runs take about 25-35 minutes . 
  if you are just starting out , you will have way less floors to clear , so even shorter . 
  i do n't know how the others here are talking about 1 hour runs . 
  erm ... 108 here . 
  that 's an insult to the wicked witch . 
  [ res ignored duplicate link ], 
  [ res ignored duplicate link ], 
  [ res ignored duplicate link ],
