  labyrinth . 
  now , hear me out before you go `` what the hell is wrong with this guy '' . 
  it is the only curse that will affect your run in a way which you can not control at all . 
  curse of the blind does n't force you to pick up shitty items , you take a risk . 
  curse of the lost can be avoided by drawing your own map . 
  but labyrinth is always there . 
  but why is it so bad ? 
  well ... 
  1 ) it removes a shop . 
  2 ) it removes a chance for a devil deal . 
  3 ) if it 's the first floor , you 're at a risk of taking red heart damage . 
  the shop is n't that important to me , but taking away a chance at a devil deal is a very major pain in the ass . 
  unrelated , but `` eye to locate them '' . 
  am i missing something ? 
  what is being talked about here ? 
  ah , i assumed it was an item . 
  yeah , i know what you 're talking about . 
  no need . 
  do it while the game is showing the 2 splash screens . 
  no need to exit the game . 
  bunch of people complained about elevators in mass effect 1 . 
  the rides were incredibly long . 
  they were actually `` loading screens '' . 
  there is almost no difference between normal and hard mode , except champions and curses . 
  you 're either not as good as you think , or you got a bunch of shit runs ( according to your -19 streak ) . 
  it 's obvious you have to not lock on . 
  who said that ? 
  everything solo , melee only or you did n't beat it . 
  my dog , i was in your position . 
  wanted to see what the witcher 3 hype was about , but like , why start from the third game in the series ? 
  so i got a witcher 2 disc from a friend and tried it out . 
  good god . 
  the gameplay was terrible , the map was terrible , i did n't care about the characters at all , etc , etc. 
  i stopped like 3-4 hours in . 
  i did n't play the witcher 1 , but another friend that has , told me the gameplay is even worse in that one . 
  for that reason i did n't get witcher 3 ... until like december last year or something , when a 3rd friend started playing it and was like `` yo this is awesome play it '' , and so i did . 
  i did not at any point feel lost , due to having not played the previous games , and i consider it my 2015 goty , after f4 was such a massive disappointment . 
  try turning geralt around on a ledge . 
  the controls are awkward as fuck . 
  and yeah , parry is very iffy . 
  because no poise = heavy armor is useless . 
  if i 'm wearing full havel 's , i do n't want to get stunlocked to death by 3 rats . 
  yeah , most of them are pretty bad ( dancer 's swords for example ) . 
  do n't think i ever used a single one of them in 6 playtroughs . 
  only thing worth getting from boss souls is usually rings and spells . 
  terraria would be nice . 
  thank you . 
  yeah , it 's better , but still pretty clunky . 
  oh god , do n't remind me ... 
  indeed it is . 
  can you think of any other examples ? 
  ( this is not intended to be sarcastic , i legit forgot about that axe , and wonder if i forgot any more , though i do n't think i did ) . 
  vordt 's is meh . 
  so is greatwood 's . 
  crystal sage 's rapier is also pretty bad . 
  forgot what deacons of the deep give . 
  abyss watchers is cool , but there 's better weapons , wolnir 's sword is also meh , both of pontiff 's swords are , and at this point i cba to continue . 
  in the end , it does n't matter that much considering basically every weapon is viable . 
  but this is just a min/maxing argument . 
  yes , but not as a main weapon , which is what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's very much not linear . 
  there 's 5 paths out of the main hub , 2 of which lead to the same great boss ( eventually after some more bosses ) and then the other 3 lead to other 3 great bosses . 
  yeah , i thought it was obvious . 
  just look at the `` map '' in majula . 
  you can see the fires light up all over the continent . 
  the travelling is just simply not shown . 
  try bombing the middle of the wall in some rooms ... want a bit more or ? 
  ladder rooms randomly show up from blowing up rocks , and their contents are also random . 
  so , you ca n't really affect that . 
  they do however always spawn from bombing the middle of the carpet in clean bedrooms ( they are the rooms with wooden doors you have to bomb twice to enter ) and rarely from dirty bedrooms . 
  you can usually tell when the wall has a secret room . 
  the regular secret room is usually between 3 rooms , so look for 3 rooms and an empty space between them . 
  second secret rooms can be in any spot where they will be connected with only 1 room ( the one you 're bombing from ) . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you get hit once , your chance of getting a devil deal is 33 % * multiplier when you last got dwtd . 
  you get hit on the boss , you have a 1 % chance . 
  strange attractor - have it give a decent stat upgrade ( -1 or 2 tear delay ) so it 's not always complete shit , except with epic fetus/ludo ( and even then i do n't know how much it helps ) . 
  same . 
  what did you mean to say ? 
  are you actually trying to defend `` unfairness '' ? 
  i 'm all for difficulty ( did sl1 runs of dark souls games ) , but not if it 's unfair . 
  did you have 9 volt ? 
  that totally ruins sharp plug . 
  also , even if this had worked , what would you do with this ? 
  if you do n't have the wafer , you 'd lose 2 hearts , then get 2 hearts . 
  fighting on stairs sucks dick . 
  so many backstabs and ripostes wasted . 
  no , they do not . 
  no matter how hard something is , i do n't care as long as there is a way to consistently do it . 
  compared isaac p2 beams of light to p3 . 
  p3 is good design . 
  p2 is bullshit . 
  sharp plug takes 2 hearts . 
  and my comment literally said that 's dumb . 
  do n't you mean, 
  this sounds awesome ... would be great to be able to participate . 
  this is what i have done every single time for 6 playtroughs and it has not failed me once :, 
  when i reach first bonfire in irithyll , i send greirat to scavenge . 
  i then proceed to the `` distant manor '' bonfire , and light it , but do not continue towards irithyll dungeon . 
  then i proceed to talk to onionbro , and kill pontiff .
