  3 speed makes no sense therefore . 
  unrelated but i immediately downvote anyone who says `` yo bro why you downvoting '' ... 
  that depends on how you 're grading the items . 
  i consider a 10/10 something that will instantly win a run ( mk , epic fetus , godhead , possibly brimstone , it 's cool as heck but not as much damage if yours is low as well ) . 
  a 9/10 is an amazing item , but you wo n't win a run only with it ( 20/20 , dark judas , relic , holy mantle , stuff like that ) . 
  8/10 is a great item , one that you 're always happy to get ( magic mush , pact , mark , pentagram , quad shot ) . 
  a 7/10 would by my rating be a very good item , and blocking so many shots makes this a 7/10 in my book . 
  6/10 would be something a bit better than an average item . 
  something like meat , hp and damage . 
  5/10 is an item that you go `` meh '' at . 
  neither good nor bad . 
  little steven for example . 
  it gives you some additional dps , but it 's nothing special . 
  and so on . 
  i played like a madman before the patch that `` fixed '' the greed machine . 
  after finishing greed mode i started grinding . 
  every single run i would have the machine break after 1 coin . 
  so i made a breaking run like that richard guy did , with glowing hourglass and chaos card , so all i would have to do was kill ultra greed over and over for about 600 times ( i got to 400 legit even with the machine breaking so often ) . 
  i actually did it like 50 times , but then said fuck this and just used cheat engine . 
  i do n't think that should be considered cheating . 
  i mean technically it is , but come on . 
  there was literally no way i could lose . 
  even if i miss with the chaos card i just teleport out and try again . 
  all cheat engine did was save me hours of doing the same thing over and over . 
  i sure as fuck would be . 
  if i have an op run i wan na feel op . 
  i would n't really call it that . 
  i mean , of course there is plenty rng , but to call a game `` rng based '' would mean victory is totally dependent on rng . 
  i firmly believe 99.99 % of runs can be won if you 're good enough , so it 's most definitely not rng . 
  huh ? 
  no it 's not 5 points long , i just got too lazy to finish it . 
  a 4/10 would be a weak item , something like brother bobby . 
  3/10 shitty item , but an upgrade nonetheless . 
  so mom 's panties/heels/lipstick . 
  2/10 is useless items , like breath of life ( outside of very specific circumstances , and butter bean is actually better now that it can deflect bullets ) . 
  1/10 is flat out bad items like cursed eye/kamikaze without pyromaniac , curse of the tower etc. 
  i think you missed the `` before the patch '' part of my comment . 
  i played every character ( lost only once ) and every single character 's jamming chance was at around 5 % ... as i was on 400 coins . 
  that does n't happen now does it ? 
  i do n't think 3 and 4 is the same . 
  4 is something that actually affects your run in a meaningful way . 
  3 is the `` nobody gives a shit about this stat '' upgrade , in that you probably would n't notice even if you did n't have it . 
  i was way too hooked on the game to wait for a patch ... and i do n't think it 'd be reasonable to just do regular runs when every character has a 5 % chance of breaking not even halfway through . 
  i 'm not gon na point fingers , but how do you not notice items missing for a week ? 
  yeah , we knew something about the lost before the game was even released . 
  save game bug was patched a few hours later . 
  the missing items were missing for a lot longer . 
  patches were being released to fix other problems , but nobody could add items that were `` already ready and supposed to be there on release '' ? 
  ok , they forgot . 
  but when everyone kept bombarding them on twitter about `` missing items '' , surely you should double check , no ? 
  1 to 1 heart payouts was insane . 
  i think 1.5:1 but without spiders would have been awesome . 
  why are you so up in arms about this ? 
  you ca n't not realize something 's wrong when so many people are telling you something 's off . 
  and it 's not `` few days later '' . 
  it was literally a week if memory serves me correctly . 
  i know there was enough time for me to have collected all but 1 of the items that were present at the start . 
  yeah man , i would n't care if they said `` yo we miscalculated , shit was n't done on time , hope it 's ok '' . 
  but when so many people collectively waste so many man hours on looking for something that was n't even there , that 's when it 's not ok . 
  tbh i was scared they were going to fix the glowing hourglass trick that i wanted to use . 
  well the item is supposed to be good . 
  i 'd feel really shitty if i 'm at half a heart and he pays out with an enemy spider that kills me . 
  well , i only want to casualize it in the `` knowing where to go '' department . 
  i am terrible with directions . 
  grinding , reading tons of dialogue and other rpg stuff i love , but fuck me do i hate having to figure out where to go next . 
  like i mentioned above , i may have expressed myself incorrectly . 
  i love the rest of the `` hardcore '' gameplay , i just hate not knowing where to go ,, 
  still getting it . 
  yes , be condescending because someone wants to play the game differently . 
  i truly honestly think you should kill yourself . 
  i remember playing the shit back when the original yugioh was released , and i remember watching a little bit of gx . 
  what is this xyz and synchro bullshit i keep hearing about ? 
  ok , that 's what you think . 
  i think greed mode is awesome , it 's way more fun for me than the base game . 
  at least 3/5 of my runs are greed mode ( especially since i got the better greed mode mod ) . 
  i love the new floors ( except dank depths because i really ca n't tell any difference between it and regular depths ) . 
  lillith is pretty neat , lost is actually fun to play now , and keeper is the `` challenge '' character . 
  i like the new bosses , rag man has too much hp though . 
  the new enemies , like ragman , are very tanky and that 's a negative i 'll admit . 
  you did n't actually list any `` gameplay changes '' but i love the stuff like getting 2 charges for big rooms/getting charges during boss rush . 
  some of the transformations are a bit on the weaker side , but spun/mom are awesome , especially because you can * kind of * chase after spun and the occasional leviathan never hurt anybody . 
  i absolutely hate health scaling though . 
  overall , i 'd say afterbirth is worth it . 
  so you can summon those at absolutely any time , without needing to draw them at all ? 
  now that 's some bullshit . 
  have over 15 cents . 
  walk into shop that has glowing hourglass . 
  donate a certain amount of money before machine breaks ( as that 's one of the few things the hourglass does n't reset ) . 
  use hourglass . 
  repeat . 
  alternatively have the hourglass + battery and fill up the second bar . 
  cage is fair ? 
  i find the rock formation when he jumps impossible to consistently dodge . 
  bloat 's consistently dodgeable , and so is fair . 
  guillotine is awesome . 
  always pick up the item myself . 
  i may be stupid , but what is the point ? 
  what 's he supposed to remember ? 
  why are there zombies ? 
  why does he have memory problems ?
