  yeah , i can see him missing the illusory wall , he was all hyped about anor londo , even if that spot does look suspicious as fuck . 
  however how the hell did he not remember to check the chests : /, 
  there were a ton today for me . 
  one of the other players ? 
  i mean ... the worlds are convoluted and stuff . 
  yours and anri 's should n't be the same , since you get `` summoned to ** another ** '' world when you help her fight aldrich . 
  so my take on it is that if you do n't marry her , some other `` player '' does . 
  either way , i think they meant for you to lose her the first playtrough , and then make the connection because you got chameleon from the pilgrim . 
  i found it cause of all the messages that were like `` enemy ahead '' . 
  having any armor at all gives a decent amount of defense which is why i could not ever recommend deprived to a new player . 
  yeah . 
  cool guy . 
  found him because i searched for a demon 's souls let 's play ( because they wo n't do a fucking pc release and i ca n't wait 10 years for emulators ) . 
  i feel like this is / r/thathappened material ... 
  yeah , do a questline ( not hollow ) and save her , then go up to the prism stone left by the anor londo main door . 
  her summon sign is there . 
  all the classes have the same amount of overall points . 
  it 's just a matter of distribution . 
  and knight has a very decent one . 
  you 're implying it 's a voluntary action . 
  like fucking hell i remember when i was 12 , i would almost shit my pants while in a line to order a fucking sandwich , and would keep rehearsing the correct way to say which toppings i want , because i 'd constantly be thinking `` i 'll say it weird and everyone will laugh at me '' . 
  do n't think i ever said more than a `` hi '' to a girl . 
  one day i must 've been hit in the head or something because i told myself i 've got to stop that shit and forced myself to go and chat with actual people over and over and i 'm mostly normal since then , but damn if i ca n't relate to these poor bastards when i read shit like this . 
  ok then :, 
  all the classes will have the same amount of points when they reach the same level . 
  that answer is bs , your previous comment literally has the words `` min/max '' in it . 
  not really immersive to have 2 loading screens just because i want to fucking level ... especially since i do n't have too good of a pc . 
  the red dressed dude in new londo tells you to `` seek artorias '' so you can learn from him . 
  rooftops in anor londo totally look like the way to go . 
   optional area, 
  literally have to kill the boss in there to progress in the game . 
  it 's not their fault you did n't explore much . 
  and there 's literally nowhere else to go except there , when you exhaust all other options , check out that spot . 
  the grave is not any more or less missable than most of the other stuff in the game . 
  it is . 
  it is . 
  yes . 
  i am sure you taught everyone the lesson by you not getting extra content for yourself . 
  [ dude ... screw alvina ... ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/large/pictures/fb/8b/fb8b97_5155165.jpg ), 
  i do n't think he 's downvoted for not getting the joke ( though that 's certainly possible ) but rather because his comment sounds kind of condescending . 
  i 'm just pointing out your contradictions . 
  i was n't even a part of your original argument . 
  [ seems okay to me . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5vqu8bb.png ) must be one guy that made like 30 alt accounts and just downvotes whenever a new video pops up . 
  that happened to a youtuber called northernlion at some point . 
  he 'd get like 20 dislikes the second he uploaded a video . 
  then it just stopped . 
  i assume this is similar . 
  i do n't think obscure is the right word . 
  more like totally out of the way . 
  it would not be at all hard if he was there the first time you visit the place . 
  i have no words . 
  `` stop being nice you 're fucking this up '' . 
  beat him 4 times , never done the explosion attack . 
  he just dies too fast . 
  killed pontiff first try , nameless king raped me 20 times over . 
  first time i had to use consumables to beat a boss . 
  were you a sorcerer ? 
  i feel exactly the opposite . 
  i `` got gud '' by playing a lot of ds1 so i played ds2 and ds3 with a decent amount of experience . 
  ds2 , and especially its ' dlc 's , kicked my shit in . 
  ds3 was overall very easy , except nameless king . 
  i started another playtrough of ds1 yesterday , died way more up to queelag than i did when i reached irithyll on my latest ds3 playtrough . 
  if you reach undead parish , there 's really no reason not to do gargoyles then and there . 
  with pontiff i just kept rolling and rolling constantly . 
  the carthus bloodring is so incredibly op . 
  nameless king could 2 shot me ... 
  weird thing is , i never use a shield , yet i always carry one . 
  well i do n't know if it 's placebo , but the rolls feel sooooo different . 
  like , when fighting aldrich with the ring on , i just kept rolling and rolling while the arrows were hitting me and i was just invincible . 
  then i tried taking the ring off to equip something for defense and tried to roll the same way again ... and got fucking rekt by the arrows . 
  also , even a couple of iframes is incredible . 
  the dark wood grain ring only gave 2 more iframes in dark souls and people loved it . 
  you must really like using that `` edgy '' word . 
  i see nothing edgy about his comment . 
  i sure played for that reason . 
  i think this game would n't have 25 % the player base it has now if it was as easy as most games today . 
  possible , but it would make sense it 's a reply to his comment if that 's the case . 
  i 'm not really getting that vibe . 
  i do n't think feelings make you weak ( i cried a bit in katawa shoujo ) , but i personally found no feels with astraea . 
  not really ... 
  i 'd much rather get a pun i can get a quick laugh from , than the thousandth `` psa guys nk is gwyn 's firstborn '' . 
  that stuff is mildly funny , and i 'd much rather see that , than `` omg guys poise not works feature confirmed '' or `` my interpretation of the glitchy wall in farron keep - bug , or intended '', 
  ( heavily ) implied ? 
  yes . 
  but not confirmed , simply because divine blessing as an item is n't gwynevere 's possession in the same way that a named weapon is . 
  it can be another being 's divine blessing . 
  but this is a relatively bad example . 
  so much more stuff is very very open , and that 's what i dislike . 
  i found the dancer pretty easy on all my playtroughs , and pontiff as well . 
  but i have trouble with the curse rotted greatwood of all bosses for some reason . 
  i love this challenge . 
  do n't know why everyone hates it so much . 
  it requires a major change in gameplay of course . 
  i was buying hearts from every shop . 
  if you see walking hosts , just bomb out of the room . 
  mom is the only part of it that i ca n't seem to think of a strategy for . 
  mom . 
  mom 's heart is easy . 
  cat .
