  1 ) go to the artemis tau cluster for liara first . 
  that 's the only one of the 3 planets that actually matters when it comes to time ( not too much but still it 'd be nice if he did it first ) . 
  2 ) your medigel needs to replenish between uses . 
  you ca n't spam all 5 at once . 
  you can see the `` cooldown '' in the lower left corner where it shows how many you have left . 
  3 ) intimidate ( or charm , but he went intimidate route ) is very important . 
  get that shit max whenever you can . 
  you need at least 10 by the end of the game ( as i do n't think he 'll fulfill the prerequisites in order to not need it ) . 
  you unlock the ability to level it up by increasing your renegade bar ( so i recommend you stick to renegade responses ) . 
  4 ) the side quests in mass effect 1 are kinda boring . 
  they 're basically `` drive around in the mako and shoot shit with very little story '' . 
  they 're ok if you 're immersed in the game , and have some references in later games , but not too important aside from the expected xp/money gain ( also some morality points , but again , not too important ) . 
  i certainly do n't expect nl to get the `` data '' or the `` armor '' ( not going to say too much but people that played should know what i mean ) . 
  collection quests are the worst thing in the game , so definitely do n't do them . 
  but the side quests get much better in 2 and 3 and should be done if he continues playing . 
  5 ) there is an inventory limit . 
  it 's like 150 or something . 
  in the crew equip screen , the left `` box '' is the weapon currently equipped . 
  the right one is the weapon in the inventory you have selected . 
  they usually have 2 slots , one weapon upgrade and one ammo upgrade . 
  these are different . 
  turn stuff below level 3 or 4 ( kessler i for example ) into omnigel and afterwards start selling it all . 
  6 ) level up spectre training . 
  it basically gives you a combat resurrection ability ( on your teammates , if you die you die ) as well as pretty nice bonuses to stats . 
  so i burned an ascetic on the chariot to get the ring + 2 and have to clear the trash out again . 
  killing those whip guys + havel wannabe took my weapon to `` risk levels '' . 
  not broken . 
  i use repair powder and it did n't fix it at all . 
  am i missing something ? 
  obviously it does n't work on broken weapons , but this one was not . 
  i 'm just wondering if there 's a halberd with the moveset like from ds1 ? 
  it was by far my favorite weapon , i used it throughout the whole game , and loved it to death . 
  when i got it so early in ds2 i was stoked and equipped it ... only to find its ' moveset has been completely fucking ruined . 
  as much as i love the halberd , i ca n't deal with the moveset , so i use other weapons . 
  but is there a halberd in the game that is like ds1 ? 
  weak attack is a continuous thrust ( i know there 's a halberd whose first attack is a thrust , but after that it goes all slashy again ) . 
  basically it 's a top down shooter . 
  i believe you crash onto some planet and then suddenly there 's aliens everywhere and you are just shooting them ( again , it 's a top down shooter ) . 
  i do n't remember almost any story , but i do remember that every once in a while you 'd level up and get to pick some kind of upgrade . 
  i seem to remember the number 30 having some significance to the game ( maybe it 's the number of levels , maybe it 's the max level of the player ) but i am not 100 % sure about that . 
  how do i check if the `` sotfs fix '' mod works ? 
  i know one of the fixes is weapon durability , but my demon 's greathammer is 1 hit away from breaking just from clearing the trash up to the executioner 's chariot . 
  and i kinda think that 's too high . 
  also what are the recommended soul levels for each area ? 
  i could n't find a detailed answer but for example it said the lost bastille is 30-40 ... i was like level 70 at that point . 
  which is weird because i did not farm at all , and as i play offline no souls gained from coop/pvp . 
  i 'm soul level 110 now and in iron keep . 
  is that too high ? 
  i 've got 50 str and 20 dex , and my int/faith/whatever else there is for infusing is pretty low , so i wo n't be infusing the weapons , nor will i have magic buffs . 
  so it 's basically +10 ** or ** raw for me . 
  that said , which weapon do you think would be the best out of these 3 ? 
  greatsword seems to have the best damage , but i 'm kinda drawn to the zweihander as it looks/sounds epic . 
  and then i heard claymore is pretty good , and as it 's only a greatsword it 'll be faster . 
  i currently have a demon 's greathammer +3 , and it does amazing damage , but it breaks soooooo fast , that i feel like i should have a backup weapon ( one of these 3 ) . 
  can someone explain why the battery ( item , not consumable ) and glowing hourglass have such a specific interaction ? 
  for those that do n't know , letting the glowing hourglass fill up the `` yellow '' bar basically allows you infinite uses . 
  i mean , it makes no sense . 
  when you use the glowing hourglass regularly , it uses up the charge . 
  should it not just use up the `` orange '' charge and leave you with the green one ? 
  error in programming ? 
  or is there some logic behind it . 
  i would like to know 2 things about the mods in this game :, 
  1 ) what mods would you recommend for a first time playtrough ? 
  i know basically every bethesda game has some sort of `` unofficial bug patch '' . 
  2 ) and this one is much more important than the first : ~ ~ are there mods that basically `` casualize '' , to use that term , the game ? ~ ~ edit : i am only looking for the minimap/marker mod . 
  i really dislike going through journal pages and not having a proper map ( as i am told this game does n't ) . 
  basically something that will put a marker on the minimap ( if there is one ) to tell me where to go next , as well as add a proper map . 
  heard the game is great otherwise but i do n't think i 'll play it if i have to mull through the journal and remember npc conversations any time i want to go do a quest . 
  after like 2 years ( or maybe more/less , i know last time i played when the `` legendary '' update came ) i came back to skyrim . 
  and i decided to make a totally new character ( mage ) . 
  having heard that magic is boring at high levels ( infinite mana but also takes too long to kill anything ) i downloaded the `` empowered magic '' mod that apparently adds scaling based off your skill level , so mages are comparable to warriors/rogues . 
  and it also changes some of the perks and their descriptions . 
  this is where i have an issue :, 
  i have a 5:4 monitor ( 1280x1024 ) and apparently skyrim ( like many other games ) does n't like it . 
  i ca n't see the entire descriptions of the new perks . 
  part of them is to the left and part of them is to the right ( it shows me something like `` cost of novice level spells by 50 % as well as adds staff binding and spells bound by '' , of course not exactly like that , but you get the point , it 's cut off on both sides ) . 
  i assume this problem would be fixable by changing my resolution and living with black bars , but i 'd rather it not come to that . 
  anyone knows of a way to either make the text for the perks smaller or make it appear in two rows instead of one ? 
  i do have skyui but i only see `` item font '' , nothing for perks . 
  of course , any alternative solution would be most welcome . 
  i 've been searching for the last 10 minutes and ca n't find anything . 
  basically i want a mod that will let me conjure up food and water . 
  i do n't think it 'd be too `` immersion breaking '' as in one of the books ( woodsman 's wife or something ) a mage is described as `` summoning feasts '' . 
  basically whenever i go to [ / r/bindingofisaac ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pwxn4zt.png ) or [ my page ] ( http://i.imgur.com/npkvyhp.png ) the page automatically goes down ( when i load only , not every second ) , as seen in the 2 images ( look at the right side of the picture , the scroll thingy is so far down and i did n't touch it ) . 
  anyone knows what 's causing this/how to fix it ? 
  i 'd really prefer to use windowed fullscreen . 
  it makes alt tabbing so much easier . 
  the problem is my monitor is so fucking dark that i ca n't see almost anything this way ( i ca n't even change the brightness on it , the `` slider '' moves , monitor brightens up for a split second then back to default , asked for help already , nobody knows ) . 
  is there a way to force skyrim to use its ' brightness settings while windowed fullscreen ? 
  or any other way ? 
  is it possible ? 
  i killed some chick for adept destruction robes while totally stealthy and still got kicked out . 
  skip a couple of hours later i kill the guard for master destruction robes , again unseen , and still get kicked out . 
  should i even bother trying to be stealthy ? 
  title basically . 
  i was going to do a new skyrim playtrough for the first time in like 2 years and so decided it must be heavily modded . 
  one of the mods i got was civil war overhaul and i started a new game with it . 
  after a little bit of playing ( like 3 hours or so , after killing the giant fighting the companions near whiterun ) i decided to read up a little bit about it . 
  turned out it 's very unstable and can cause a real mess . 
  so i `` smartly '' decided to uninstall it .
