  so i lead my 4k army against theirs ... and just barely won . 
  what is it with peasant rebellions ? 
  how to deal with them if they scale to your army , so you have to waste it all with every revolt . 
  or i am missing something here . 
  hello . 
  a vassal in my kingdom was ... very very bad ( rich ) so a lot of accidents started happening to him and like 5 of his heirs ... now the heir is a young lady , and i just happen to have an appropriate first son ready for her . 
  however the family in question is very big . 
  if i was to marry her with my son , would my son become the heir in that case ? 
  if so , i can foresee myself being very very bad as well and accidentally start leading armies into certain death . 
  i do n't really wan na wait 10 years to find out if my son will be the heir in that case ( i know i can just revoke the title but i want that juicy 2k gold the heir gets ) . 
  if he wo n't be ... i guess accidents will have to start happening to more members of that family ... always nice to have the spymaster on your side . 
  are shop items seeded or not ? 
  i looked up a thread about some `` retinue calculations '' or some stuff like that and it said something like `` 59 % archers , 41 % skirmish/light infantry/whatever it said '' . 
  except i do n't have that kind of retinues . 
  can anyone suggest good retinues for serbia ? 
  i do have the gusar retinues , but they seem expensive and not all that good honestly . 
  are there any disadvantages to having [ too many lovers ? 
  ] ( http://prntscr.com/5sudqx ) i 've got like 8-9 now as you can see , two of them being my cousins , and two of them being both of my sons ' wives ( luckily they 're dumb as shit so they did n't figure out that the kid is mine ) . 
  i have a feeling i 'm screwing myself because i keep getting kids ( which i leave as bastards ) . 
  will my girls murder each other ? 
  or maybe kill me because i 'm unfaithful ? 
  which is better ? 
  i wanted to find out so i saved and went into a battle twice . 
  first time , with flanks , i got massively rekt , lost all my army . 
  second time without flanks i only lost half the army and won . 
  but it seems that the game wants you to have evenly balanced flanks . 
  so again , which one is better ? 
  hello . 
  high school student here . 
  really would like to learn how to program . 
  am learning something called `` free pascal '' that apparently is older than my grandma . 
  clearly i ca n't do shit with it today . 
  but we were told it 's a `` great learning program '' . 
  so far it seems pretty easy , and i always try to make a program as useful as possibe ( like we just had to make a program that converts a number to binary , other programs wrote numbers in reverse , mine was the only one that worked properly , but also had like twice the lines ) . 
  apparently we 're also going to study with `` lazarus '' in a year or so . 
  made a basic calculator in it . 
  still seems like it 's not very useful . 
  am i going to have easier time with learning something useful ( like c++ ) if i learn this ? 
  like maybe the commands are similar . 
  wanted to start with python , very first program ( that is supposed to be a primitive calculator ) does not work . 
  i am not sure how to properly post code ( as explained in the sidebar ) as i do not know where mine fits , so i 'll just paste it here ( and it 's not very long anyhow ) . 
  firstnumber = input ( `` write the first number here '' ), 
  operation = input ( `` write the operation here '' ), 
  secondnumber = input ( `` write the second number here '' ), 
  if operation = = + print ( firstnumber , '' + '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber + secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = - print ( firstnumber , '' - '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber - secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = * print ( firstnumber , '' * '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber * secondnumber ), 
  if operation = = / print ( firstnumber , '' / '' , secondnumber , '' = '' , firstnumber / secondnumber ), 
  else break, 
  now the problem is it gives me an error saying `` invalid syntax '' after the line 4 , and the red highlight thingy starts from the end of the parentheses , towards the right ( where there is nothing ) . 
  i realize this may be a stupid question , but if someone could tell me what is wrong with this i 'd be grateful . 
  how to keep my genius trait through my rulers ? 
  the first son ( primogeniture ) probably wo n't get it , and if the rest get it , that does n't really matter anyhow as i wo n't be playing as them . 
  is it possible to upgrade the educational traits ( like fortune builder into midas touched ) ? 
  i know it 's possible for the combat oriented ones by leading armies into battle , but what about the other ones ? 
  i have a claim on a duchy within my empire . 
  if i revoke it , i just get the duchy title and no lands in it ( which is pretty fucking useless and even harmful far as i know ) . 
  how could i get both the duchy and lands within it ? 
  this has been happening to me a few times . 
  in march my income was ~ 45 . 
  in april it rocketed up to 60 , and then a month or so later it is back down to 45 . 
  anyone knows why this may be happening ? 
  if i 'm tutoring a kid , and i go to lead troops in a war , or hunt the white stag , does that negatively affect the kid because i am not there ? 
  will i get any events to give him traits ? 
  my current emperor is 92 years old and i 'm just waiting for him to die so my great grandson ( killed son , grandson got sick and died ) can inherit ... the thing is ... the fucker wo n't die . 
  i intentionally got myself wounded , and even got sick at the same time but both got healed like nothing . 
  is this a bug or something where he just wo n't die or just an ( un ) lucky coincidence ? 
  having an issue where , whenever i resign to main menu , or approx half the times when loading a game , i get `` ck2 has stopped working '' . 
  i did a clean re-install , and it 's still happening . 
  made a new save , resigned , loaded , did n't crash . 
  anyone has any ideas what i can do about this ? 
  if i load successfully the game runs fine . 
  i was thinking of maybe starting to upgrade castle towns in my vassal 's counties if it transfers , starting somewhere around 1400 at which point i should have enough land . 
  how do tribes convert ? 
  or economy points ? 
  i just had a 11,8 and 3 martial characters win the tournament respectively . 
  i have a marshal with 27 , and i have 25 . 
  seems a bit weird . 
  posted a similar question in the ck2 subreddit , but i got no responses . 
  what exactly transfers over ? 
  how does technology transfer ? 
  should i be upgrading my vassals ' counties in order to have a better eu4 start ? 
  ( i saw a post saying a university has transferred and is giving the guy more research or something , but wondering if other buildings do ) . 
  also will my custom made empire transfer correctly ? 
  how does this happen ? 
  current byzantine emperor can get 70k troops . 
  i was like `` wtf '' because he could only bring like 50k a while ago . 
  i mouse over his armies and it says `` from vassals :45000 / 30000 '' . 
  how does that happen ? 
  - seven heavenly virtues ( emphasis on diligent ), 
  - just, 
  - zealous, 
  while adult ? 
  is there any trick to donating ? 
  trying to finish off the last few items for rpg and it 's basically `` donate 999 '' and `` die 100 times '' . 
  but the freaking machine always breaks with like the first coin i put into it . 
  meanwhile i saw some people donate like a 100 per run . 
  i 'm at ~ 500 donated right now so any tip ( if there are any ) to help with this grind are welcome . 
  i 'm having a shortage of erm ... good court chaplains . 
  i invited a dude with like 25 learning into my court , and made him regiliously convert .
