  7/10 , and even then it 's only cause it 's unique and gives you practically infinite bombs . 
  it does . 
  different counties have different requirements . 
  russia may have danzig and prague , while serbia has wien and prague ( may not be correct cities , but you get the point ) . 
  hey man , do you mind telling me how to change the `` alt '' versions to the regular vanilla ones ? 
  i read the readme , but say i want to replace burning basement with regular ( vanilla ) basement . 
  the basement has like 4 files ( though 2 are very small like 9 kb in size ) , and burning basement has 3 , one of which is `` loop '' which i have no idea what it 's for . 
  at the very bottom of the peace deal you can see the length of the truce between you . 
  taking more stuff , obviously brings a longer truce . 
  so just look at the bottom and make sure it 's about 9 years ( you could set it to 10 years but then you 're just risking it , 9 just to be safe ) . 
  i 'll go against everyone here and say that i almost never build buildings , and when i do it 's manpower ones . 
  a temple will take time to pay off , and a lot of money in the early game . 
  money that could be spent conquering more territory , at which point you wo n't need the temple in the first place . 
  i think you got the wrong person mate . 
  also , planting forts on mountains is fucking terrible , because when they start sieging it down , you 'll be at a disadvantage . 
  sure if you 're waiting for them it 's ok , but most of the time you wo n't be , or you 'll be fighting more than 1 enemy . 
  and that 's when forts on mountains are terrible . 
  greed mode is pretty easy tbh , you do n't need to do that . 
  chaos will most likely show up on its ' own , it shows up in over half the greed mode runs i play . 
  where the fuck is it ? 
  remove kebab - as serbia , own and convert all originally ( at 1444 ) muslim provinces to orthodoxy . 
  i still do n't really see it , the crown pole seems to be in the actually big province . 
  i 'll make them give up a province for sure , but does n't that just generate tons of even more aggressive expansion ? 
  having to sign up to play really put me off . 
  the quiz was fairly easy , ended up with 150 points flat . 
  are the questions always the same or do they randomize ? 
  edit : got ** 159 ** , the sacrifice room question always gets me off , and the godhead question is bullshit . 
  other than that fun quiz . 
  edit2 : got 160 , and am also first on some leaderboard for now . 
  well , that 's that from me . 
  is it not 5 instead ? 
  yeah ... they really need to address that crash ... crashes way too often for me . 
  yeah , but it 'll feel somehow ... dirty ... if it 's not in the base game . 
  it won him a keeper mega satan run , by giving him guppy . 
  i would n't really call that slightly lucky . 
  item called spider mod . 
  shop . 
  he would n't . 
  look at the chests . 
  the original one had cursed eye , the copied one had 9 lives . 
  if he had n't doubled them , he would get 2 random chests , 1 guppy item + cursed eye . 
  he would n't . 
  look at the chests . 
  the original one had cursed eye , the copied one had guppy . 
  if he had n't double them , he would get 2 random chests , 1 guppy item + cursed eye . 
  well it may have been an exaggeration , the play itself is n't that impressive . 
  it 's the results . 
  being able to get hit easier is n't really an advantage : /, 
  if you can , ally his allies , start a random war and call them in . 
  then declare on austria , and they wo n't be able to help . 
  you 're doing something wrong man . 
  in my current game i removed burghers totally , giving them 0 loyalty and 0 influence . 
  when an event basically forced them to get back , within 50 years i have them at above 60 loyalty . 
  the 2 other estates are always at 85 loyalty ( maybe even more i do n't really remember ) because i use `` give me mana '' buttons every time they 're available . 
  whenever an event that gives loyalty appears , click that , no matter the costs . 
  use the `` give influence temporarily but loyalty forever '' buttons on cooldown . 
  that is most definitely the exact description of piggy bank . 
  by the time i can create them , i 'm a big blob and so just use them to get distant overseas bonuses . 
  i think i fucked something up for the womb . 
  can you tell me what to replace with what ? 
  other floors seem to work fine . 
  also , the ultra greed fight ? 
  which one is that . 
  how the hell does azazel look female o.o, 
  what would this be on pc ? 
  true , but i can still be diplomatic even if i am the strongest , ca n't i ? 
  strong allies is a pretty big bonus that you do n't get if you 're strongest . 
  and i do n't see how the number of ships affects diplomacy . 
  i assume the `` noob island '' comments means you played ck2 ? 
  my first game was a convert serbia save where i owned the entire ck2 map . 
  learned a bit of everything ( including editing mods so i can give myself serbian ideas instead of generic ones ) while doing a world conquest on my first playtrough . 
  and there was absolutely no risk to anything . 
  i could click everything i want to learn without any consequences , as when you own the entirety of ck2 map , you can not lose . 
  i mean the buttons . 
  scarred womb . 
  i used to always take quantity but i do n't anymore . 
  from the military ideas i take offensive first , then quality and by the time i would get quantity my force limit is already around 100 so it 's fairly useless . 
  because loki is a heartless murderer that would n't help his teammate out ... even if it was some higher force preventing him . 
  i thought everyone knew this . 
  it was all over the sub when afterbirth was released . 
  people talk about this item like it 's the spawn of satan . 
  it 's not my favorite , but i 'll take it sometimes . 
  6/10 , unique tears upgrade . 
  they do n't look similar when you compare them next to one another , but if you have n't seen them both like 5 times i can see how you could mix them up . 
  i do n't get it . 
  yeah . 
  i love blue , it 's basically soy milk tear rate if you 're at the cap already . 
  what i wan na know is how you put that fancy x there . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there 's too little emphasis on time . 
  if it were up to me , i 'd at the very least triple the point loss from time . 
  well , assuming you 're not literally trying to lose . 
  even if you do n't know about overextension ( like i did n't ) worst thing that can happen is some separatists taking some land ( which you can win back in 2 seconds ) , peasants raising autonomy ( does n't matter cause you get like 1k profit a month with 200k soldiers at full maintenance ) , and you getting converted to some other religion . 
  i would think basically set the game world to look exactly the same as in the `` pick a date '' part of it , except the areas near the player . 
  alliances would remain random i guess . 
  that 's another point that bugs me : the default leaderboard is for score . 
  i 'd just make it all into one , with time having a significantly higher impact . 
  and besides , you 'd say that someone who does something faster than someone else should deserve a higher score , no ? 
  1 score per second is pitiful considering that 's like 2k points by the end of the run , depending on how far it 's going . 
  like i said before , who would you think is better ( and should deserve more score ) at something ?
