  then it kept popping up over and over again even though i clicked for it to never notify me again . 
  now , it started not even asking me , automatically turns off windows aero . 
  anyone knows how to fix this ? 
  anyone know if this could be worth it ? 
  i really like the moveset and the way it looks , but i 'm currently playing a sorcerer , so i wonder if it being crystal could make it do enough damage if i do n't have any str/dex ? 
  i intend to pump int pretty high . 
  talking about pontiff sulyvahn . 
  i hear people keep calling him a bastard and stuff , but i do n't really know what he did ( as par for me and dark souls games ) . 
  anyone knows any good sorcerer weapons ? 
  the only one i found so far is the crystal sage 's rapier , and that one does crap damage . 
  so i pretty much glided through the game on my first character , using my old ds1 love the halberd ( thank god they fixed the moveset from ds2 ) . 
  only a few bosses ever gave me difficulty , that being :, 
  nameless king ( around 20 tries and required me to use consumables for the first time ever in any souls game ) . 
  champion gundyr ( 7 tries or so ) . 
  curse rotted greatwood ( 5 tries ) . 
  aldrich ( 4 tries ) . 
  all the rest i beat the first or second time ( did abyss watchers , pontiff , dancer etc first try ) . 
  so now i 'm starting a second playtrough ... and man are the boss difficulties ... swapped ? 
  abyss watchers i still beat first try , but pontiff was hell . 
  he took like 10 tries . 
  then i got to aldrich ... oh god . 
  he was nameless king difficulty as a sorcerer . 
  i died like 20 times on him . 
  the dancer took like 6-7 tries . 
  and champion gundyr , which i expected to be hell , i killed first try . 
  i 've yet to see how i handle nameless king on this char , but it 's amazing to me how your playstyle changes the difficulty . 
  is there a stat website for ds3 ? 
  like mugenmonkey ? 
  and can someone please tell me how much ar dark sword will have at +10 refined 40 str 40 dex ? 
  i want to know if i should bother farming for it . 
  anyone know any torrents for these ? 
  searched on kat , there 's tons with 0 seeders . 
  and the few ones that do have seeds are way too large , and have comments like `` oh no does n't work missing textures '' etc. 
  i assume it 's bullshit , but i read somewhere that upgrading the pyromancer 's flame only increases the damage done by the `` skill '' part of the weapon rather than all the spells . 
  is that true ? 
  i really do n't care what genre it is . 
  just that it has a great story and lets me make choices ** that matter , get outta here telltale . 
  ** literally do not care how it plays , it can be a visual novel for all i care . 
  edit : played witcher , mass effect , dragon age , the usual stuff . 
  edit2 : pc games only please . 
  so i got xcom2 ... and i 'm a bit overwhelmed with the map missions , and the buildings . 
  i think i kinda fucked up as i am 3/3 `` connections '' or something in asia , and the big red important looking mission is somewhere in africa and i 've no means of reaching it . 
  so i 'd like to ask for a general mission overview/guide on buildings . 
  which missions are important ? 
  how long can a mission be delayed ? 
  does stalling the main objectives make the game harder ? 
  what building order do you recommend ? 
  i 've been thinking of the training school or however it 's called first , and then the `` more contacts available '' building second . 
  and other stuff similar to that . 
  basically the title . 
  what 's the best greatsword if i 'm only pumping strength ? 
  for total ar . 
  i made a fourth character , and while doing the high wall of lothric i noticed something very odd . 
  at the part where you go down the ladder and there 's a split between the darkwraith elevator and greirat 's cell , after you beat the halberd dude the guy throwing firebombs was n't there . 
  i found this very odd , as npc 's have never been randomized . 
  another strange occurrence , also on that character , was in the room where there 's the estus shard and key to greirat 's cell . 
  the soul that is usually there below the stairs , was not there . 
  am i going fucking crazy , are enemies randomized , or are these some weird bugs ? 
  is there an upper and lower ceiling to the player summoned via the red sign soapstone ? 
  anyone has any ? 
  ca n't seem to find any links anywhere . 
  basically the title . 
  i usually play rpg 's , but lately it seems i 've played just about every single good one . 
  so now i turn to shooters . 
  recommend me some with a good story . 
  played half life , bioshock , and portal ( i know it 's not actually a shooter , but i know someone would recommend it ) series . 
  [ removed ], 
  can anyone explain to me how pyromancy scaling works ? 
  is it worth upgrading the pyromancy flame ( only seems to add 1 mag adjust with each level ) ? 
  how should i level int/faith ? 
  in which order and up to 30/30 or 40/40 ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm not talking about the `` delay '' that mousefix fixes , the mouse button literally does n't react no matter how many times i click it . 
  it happens if i spam click ( i tested while going up an elevator , spammed lmb for like 5 seconds and not a single attack , then did the same for rmb with the same result ) , but , much more annoyingly , it happens at seemingly random times , almost always when i am supposed to start backstabbing . 
  i have `` double clicking '' turned off in the options , and the weird thing is , it works perfectly if i use a keyboard key to attack ( i use h ) . 
  i 've been able to do a `` work-around '' by making an autohotkey script to simply switch h and lmb around , but it 's annoying having to turn it on and off constantly . 
  anyone experienced anything like this/knows of a way to fix it ? 
  would a lightning infusion be a good choice if i 've got 55 faith , and 12 strength ? 
  asking for both the claymore and the mace . 
  obviously it 'd be better if i had sunlight blade , but wondering just for general use . 
  it says it adds `` scaling '' , but when i go to the blacksmith menu seems it just gives flat x amount , without any scaling . 
  is the scaling not shown in the blacksmith menu , or is it already accounted for ? 
  on the blacksmith menu seems that i 'll end up with close to 50 % more total damage , but it 's split , so i do n't know how that 'll end up . 
  heard this often ( dlc 's scaling in some way ) and wondering if anyone ever 100 % confirmed it ? 
  and is it off of soul memory or soul level ? 
  i know it was bugged or something , and was basically useless . 
  did it get fixed in any of the patches ? 
  i played a shitload of dark souls 1/2/3 recently and started up the witcher again , so i 'm still in the mindset of roll/dodging into an attack . 
  i decided to try out a sl1 run , and am wondering about my choice of a weapon . 
  i know astora 's straight sword is highly praised , but i do n't think i 'm good enough to beat the dancer ( and especially champion gundyr ) so early . 
  is the broadsword a good choice instead ? 
  edit : also , any tips for a newcomer ? 
  any reason to kill enemies , or should i just lionstrat \u2122 through ? 
  should i be wearing even the slightest of armor ( since i know you get a fair chunk of armor just for wearing anything ) . 
  lastly , anything to use souls on ? 
  it took me approximately 3-4 hours to beat this piece of shit . 
  i even tried cheesing with pyromancy , which did 0 damage cause sl1 , and it did n't work . 
  the fucking grab hitbox is so bad it feels like it belongs in ds2 . 
  also fuck the `` hits you once , then second time right when you get out of roll '' combos . 
  that being said , anyone has any tips on her ?
