  but i believe that guy does n't . 
  the first comment says about palpatine fighting the jedi , then a response is saying that the phantom menace is disappointing . 
  he corrected him saying the fight happens in the third one . 
  well , they could just be thinking `` lazy animations '' . 
  was even slower in vanilla if i remember correctly . 
  they ... do not count as red heart damage . 
  literally almost everything matters ( almost because regular conversations just give you rep with the person you 're talking to , rep however matters very much ) . 
  i did and enjoyed it . 
  people said gameplay was complete shit , but i actually found it rather enjoyable ( guards have shit stealth ai , but that 's a problem in so many other games ) as long as you try to go for critical hits . 
  2 was at the very least decent about it , with the ending . 
  yeah , i did it so long ago i forgot about another very important part of it . 
  well , it reverts you to the way you ended at in the last room . 
  at the end of the last room you already lost that life . 
  i did n't put positive because you do end up paying spirit hearts . 
  i thought about it , decided not to . 
  so , how do letters affect the scaling ? 
  well yeah , that 's obvious but i was looking for an actual formula . 
  i like being very technical in games i play . 
  well i mean , i never played the game before . 
  late game bosses could have tons of hp and i was thinking if i stick with a weapon i got so early it may take me a long time to bring them down . 
  i 'd love this . 
  the guardian was my favorite challenge . 
  defensive ? 
  not at all.i do n't watch the guy either . 
  i just find it weird to see people complain about something someone said . 
  haha yeah , i fucking love doing pointless stuff like that . 
  i find it really adds to the immersion if every 2 seconds i have to write something down so i do n't forget it , because the game does n't show it to you . 
  that word you 're using ... i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
  i do not mean to troll or whatever , but how exactly is that better than the game just writing it down ? 
  same thing is accomplished , with less effort on your part . 
  that 's being an asshole . 
  he did n't say something like `` hitler did nothing wrong '' unironically . 
  well sure , but this effort is ... pretty meaningless . 
  it takes no skill in anything to write something down . 
  there 's no real definition of the ( internet ) word edgy is there ? 
  far as i see it , it 's someone acting overly contrarian , usually to get attention . 
  sure you can go on like urbandictionary , but i do n't know if `` edgy '' is officially a word ( or at least the edgy that 's being used on the internet , which is very different than being tense ) . 
  nice , be condescending . 
  however , if i may , being the best is fun . 
  have you heard of that ? 
  yeah that would be great ... if everything was programmed 100 % correctly . 
  if i do n't have a quest marker telling me where to go , i may as well just think `` well this is a bugged quest/cut feature '' and just go on without experiencing the quest . 
  can confirm , died on those once . 
  whenever i see these posts i 'm not sure if i was incredibly lucky in both of my guardian runs , or i am just legitimately incredible at it for some reason . 
  guardian was my favorite challenge . 
  yeah . 
  sooooooo much easier than rebirth lost . 
  getting hit once and not dying is a pretty good buff . 
  what does meiou stand for ? 
  i 'll agree to disagree , as it 's pointless to discuss when there 's no 100 % accepted definition . 
  i swear the alt-f4 trick worked for me in afterbirth . 
  used it on the keeper on the bullshit spike room . 
  let me tell you my reason . 
  it 's rebirth . 
  the chest . 
  as the lost . 
  mom 's knife . 
  other awesome stuff . 
  enter room and spawn inside a red champion monstro . 
  yeah ... 
  are you sure ? 
  cause ottomans , lithuania and bohemia all have the modifier ... seems odd from crimea to have access through all of them . 
  am serbian , `` official '' is cyrillic , and if we have to write by hand ( on official papers/school ) we write cyrillic . 
  latin is also in use , just not very much , and not officially . 
  same in serbia . 
  if i had to pick a dlc that you better have , it 's the art of war . 
  adds so many features . 
  i have common sense and never develop provinces so it 's actually kinda bad for me as provinces cost way more in peace deals . 
  cossacks are ... interesting so far . 
  crazy fun as a horde , but god damn are the alliances weird . 
  i did n't miss anything . 
  your comment is very condescending . 
  100 % may have been an over exaggeration but you know what i mean , and now you 're just being needlessly pedantic . 
  when did i ever say i do n't understand that ? 
  i do n't understand how that can be fun , but i am aware it may be for someone . 
  i was wondering if something as simple as that could even be considered effort . 
  hm , you say that like you do not . 
  all the comments in this chain are downvoted , both yours and mine , as they should be because this is so far off the topic . 
  must be real fun to talk to you irl . 
  so condescending . 
  any way to do that other than war ? 
  i mean , a way to spend favors other than with war ? 
  we seem to be misunderstanding each other . 
  is there any action that allows me to spend favors with an ally , that is not calling them into war ? 
  how do i do that ? 
  nl would love that one . 
  thanks . 
  i have so many favors with them . 
  there is literally no rng with the bloat ... he is perfectly dodgeable . 
  fuck daddy longlegs/triachnid and isaac/conquest 's beams of light from heaven . 
  spoilers in the title : / vid just came out . 
  i am pretty good with mom 's knife and i still would n't pick it up in that situation . 
  never with death 's touch . 
  i am talking about the random ones during the second , not the third phase !, 
  the random ones from the second phase . 
  but yeah i forgot about mama gurdy , fuck her as well . 
  still is . 
  use curved shots/only shoot from behind and he 'll never even shoot at you . 
  maybe only at the start of a room if you have absolutely abysmal speed but even then ... 
  i 'm just gon na get downvoted here , but bloat , any version of it , is laughably easy .
