  look at enb 's current playtrough of ds3 , he 's saying the dumbest shit , something like `` oh look here 's a dead butterfly in the ground , clearly this was once a butterfly breeding place , that was then destroyed by the curse '' . 
  or how 50 % of vaati 's videos is `` his interpretation '' . 
  like fuck , some of his videos literally got made useless , like his sunken or old iron king was when ivory king was released , or stupid how all the `` solaire is firstborn '' `` no andre is '' people were being . 
  `` clear '' very nice definition of the word . 
  can you explain anything about the world ? 
  what is the first flame exactly ? 
  what 's with all the cycles ? 
  what are character motivations ? 
  and again , very nice you would seem to handpick examples that benefit you . 
  how about i compare you people , to the rest of the world that would rightly laugh at you desperately grasping on to straws . 
  now now , do n't dodge the question . 
  explain directly what the first flame is , how it was created , what does it do , how are the cycles happening , and about the `` origins '' , how exactly did gwyn , witch , nito and pygmy find the souls , who created them etc etc and this time without responding with a meme tier comment of `` oh you 're a neanderthal , [ insert only very slightly related topic , rather than what i 'm asking ] '' . 
  the fact is , nobody knows almost anything , and is just drawing conclusions from fucking inventory items . 
  which do n't explain a whole lot . 
  so again , you just repeat `` hurr durr slightly related comment '' . 
  you did n't directly answer any of my questions . 
  not what the first flame is , not how it was created ( or according to you how it came to be ) , what exactly it does ( why would extinguishing it cause the age of dark ) , neither did you answer how these 4 found those souls , nor where those souls come from and why they 're so special . 
  anyway , i 'm muting this . 
  from looking at the first page of your comments i see you 're not someone i can waste time talking to . 
  good luck with more question dodging and being a cunt . 
  when you 're in the dying animation , before you die , pause the game , then alt-f4 . 
  heard people say it got fixed in afterbirth but i can swear it worked for me . 
  fuck you mate . 
  it took me like 20 tries but i 1v1 'd you brah . 
  and did it without being a pussy sorcerer . 
  huh , maybe i could actually write some mods then ... high school pascal education would finally pay off !, 
  did you pick up 2 eden 's blessings on a past run ? 
  would n't say it 's cheap at all . 
  pull them 1 by 1 . 
  if you 're fast enough you wo n't get any health drained . 
  even if you do , it ca n't kill you . 
  real men do n't level hp . 
  i had no idea until i reddit . 
  you ca n't see those with some armor . 
  timing purposes ? 
  is there anyone with a slow enough pc that can check if when they have low framerate the `` counter '' slows down ? 
  i mean ... that 's possible for the dude , albeit very unlikely as he basically camps there ready to throw a fireball at you . 
  but what about the soul item ? 
  i know it 's exact position so even if i missed the glow i 'd still find it . 
  timing for boss rush/hush . 
  i mean i assume it 's since the run starts , otherwise i do not see why it would be useful at all . 
  again , exactly the opposite . 
  i feel eygon would never hurt irina . 
  he gets pissed off at you if you harm her ( in a way ) . 
  but he does n't show it . 
  i would play that . 
  as long as it has as many feels as ks . 
  shit man , i feel exactly the same as your first paragraph . 
  i spend time often with all these guys but i never really feel like i 've got a true best friend i could tell everything to . 
  not that i really often want to , but it 'd be nice to have the option . 
  i mean ... what safer way to look after her ? 
  on the other hand , you can help her fulfill her purpose , and then mercykill , like i did . 
  eh ... ds3 hollows do n't look that bad ... at least compared to the ohgodsomuchred of ds1 and literal zombie from ds2 . 
  also i do n't think the unkindled one has a lot of choice ... 
  use current time for that . 
  otherwise there 'd be a lot of same seeds running around if it was based off of frames since start . 
  i do n't think he literally leaves . 
  he comes to pick her up pretty quickly once you start making her teach you dark miracles . 
  i assume he 's always watching . 
  also , the shrine is a pretty safe place . 
  i feel the opposite . 
  i view that as the biggest weakness . 
  there 's no 100 % correct answer , and it annoys me . 
  why tell a story if you 'll leave 95 % of it ambiguous ? 
  i could go on a rant here , but that never ends well so i 'll just stop with a firm `` i disagree '' . 
  the example you provide is how most rpg 's work . 
  i like choices in the game . 
  but the stuff you ca n't affect , that i believe should be 100 % explained , such as character motivations . 
  we know sulyvahn did bad things . 
  why ? 
  why 'd he serve aldrich ? 
  how 'd he get there in the first place ? 
  same for basically almost any other character . 
  and of course the most important questions of just how the fuck the entire world works with the events , and now the whole converging of the lands . 
  i do n't either and am commenting hoping someone will explain it . 
  because anri 's not trans . 
  she simply is either male or female depending on your character . 
  i 'd like payday 2 . 
  number 69 . 
  [ steam id ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/celicni/ ), 
  are you kidding ? 
  i could do phase 1 without taking a hit , phase 2 is hell on earth . 
  i think it 's too much . 
  20 % damage down would be alright . 
  usually cancer . 
  unless if you 're somehow at the hard cap for tears ( 1 tear delay ) , by picking up items like guillotine and anti grav ( or soy milk ) . 
  am i the only one that 's fine with the hitbox ? 
  it 's a spear , not a sword , it 'll only do damage at the tip ( though in this case it 's like somewhere in the middle of the tip but close enough ) . 
  not even close . 
  i did a world ... well map ... conquest on my first ck2 game . 
  good luck doing it in eu4 . 
  also ck2 has much more arbitrary rules . 
  `` our military genius king has died and has been replaced by his not-so-militarily-educated son !, 
  quick !, 
  throw a random amount of troops from the walls ! '', 
  so with a password on , i could summon people way higher than me ( for pvp , i know they downscale for coop ) ? 
  mate , you 're in a sub called illegal torrents . 
  if i was going to buy it , i would n't be posting here . 
  i truly do n't believe in a dark souls world people would have time to care about pronouns . 
  it 's a recording mixup or something .
