  but the rerolls were mostly uneccesary in this run , ie tammy 's head , bum , brimstone , ludo were all originally there ( only one i 'd mention is strange attractor boss rush reroll ) . 
  can i get notified as well ? 
  i wan na see what all the cool kids feel like . 
  isaac transformations are n't the prettiest things in the world but ... that one looks like something out of my nightmares . 
  i feel like i 'm cool now . 
  thanks :d, 
  why the fuck are you complaining about polyphemus every time, 
  #do you even percentages motherfucker, 
  he literally talked about how he `` should have rerolled it '' a couple of seconds after taking it . 
  so no there was no reason not to roll it . 
  b-blue baby, 
  c-samson , eve, 
  r-the lost, 
  yeah , might actually become viable even when you 're above the d treshold . 
  the thing is , it 's so fucking unpredictable . 
  if it fired the second it came back it 'd be alright . 
  but it waits like 2 seconds and i 'm thinking `` is it time yet ? 
  yes ? 
  no it ca n't be i 'll shoot off a tear till it comes ba ... * boom * '' . 
  thanks about the temple part :d helped out really . 
  and does this mean there 's no byzantine requirements for the schism ? 
  thanks man . 
  edit : can you explain to me what the `` or '' and `` not '' mean ? 
  i 'm trying to get into programming , may as well start modding ck2 a little bit , and those 2 always confuse me . 
  does this work if the system is elective ? 
  the byzantines . 
  orthodox . 
  i 'm not taking orders from a guy telling me how to wear a hat . 
  nobody has strong claims : /, 
  what !, 
  never !, 
  a true gamer never cheats !!!, 
  cough cough * may do that if i ca n't get a claim in like a 100 years * ... 
  this is why i love being on the pc . 
  i consider that reason to be bullshit ( from rp perspective of course , gameplay i can understand it ) and so i will simply cheat in order to fix this situation . 
   i can swear i used it to keep my whore active, 
  / r/nocontext, 
  kinda off topic , but can you tell me what this is from , as i remember this sentence , but not its ' origins . 
  just play a little bit , it took me a while , but now i can even differentiate speed ball and synthoil on the fly . 
  i 'd spend 100 hours in a game without having fun in order to spend 200 having fun . 
  similar to how i play in wow . 
  when new gear gets released i grind the shit out if it so i can get bis . 
  during that time i absolutely hate the game . 
  as soon as i get the best gear/kill all new bosses/other stuff , i absolutely love it . 
  the troops were n't raised if that 's what you 're asking . 
  now i 'm getting a different bug with him though : he now has troops , but i am unable to raise them ( button is greyed out ) . 
  that happened somewhere in the middle of my fight with ilkhanate so i did n't really pay much attention . 
  i guess i 'll just do the same thing i did with bavaria . 
  nope . 
  googled the shit out of this question so i 'm sure of it . 
  i do n't know what the 0/0 thingy was , but this other bug has already happened so i know how to fix it . 
  well , he 's got like 45k troops left due to me white peace-ing it out with him . 
  also do n't they get 100k troops every time their leader dies ? 
  what if the lost is basically what isaac must do in order to truly `` free himself from the guilt of sin '' ? 
  face all his fears without any doubt ( getting hit ) ? 
  edit : and the reason he gets free devil deals is because he has already accepted his sinfullness , so he embraces it . 
  because you need to unlock everything on hard as the lost , kind of different from the other characters . 
  do you maybe know what episode that is ? 
  why are you getting downvoted when your comment reeks of sarcasm ? 
  got ta say , i find it the best curse . 
  it mind fucks you at times like these , and does n't completely ruin your game ( like curse of the blind soymilk or deal with the devil and you 're not sure if you can take them ) . 
  yep ... pretty much everyone converted , except the king of frisia , and my grandson has a claim on that anyway ... so did n't really work out as i wanted it to ... 
  that 's exactly it !, 
  thank you dude . 
  this has been on my mind for like the last year or so . 
  and would that work as in the example above ? 
  tech being free if 20 universities ? 
  ca n't decide between d6 isaac or azazel . 
  judas is very close behind them with the damage and devil deals , but azazel does n't even need items to be op , and d6 is awesome . 
  i read the novel as well . 
  just decided to watch it since i heard it 's somewhat different . 
  i 'd like dungeon defenders if possible . 
  wan na play with a buddy , but no money . 
  i restart if i get a useless item on first floor because it 'll just kill my mood to play . 
  if you 're not having fun as blue baby , i think rpg is a ^ ^ ^ bit out of your reach, 
  * cough * the lost * cough *, 
  i thought i was the only one . 
  constantly watch nl at 2x , and occasionaly i tune in to the nlss ... dude sounds high as fuck every time : <, 
  and as for the topic , i only play truly incredible seeds . 
  i 'm not really food with coding ( and i thought those 2 are heresies of each other as every few years an event pops up saying they switched places ) so can you help me with that , if possible ? 
  would that work if the event already happened ? 
  i already mended the schism . 
  meh , may as well do that . 
  if i consider something should be possible irl , then i have no issues consoling it . 
  and i 'm guessing a ruler would be able to say `` in the name of jesus , you are heretics , die '' to monophysite people just as well as to catholics . 
  thanks . 
  paint the map , but make all the rulers of my dynasty . 
  every single one of them . 
  i only figured it out a couple of days ago as well ... it 's the thingy i have checked in the screenshot ( right next to `` known plots '' button ) . 
  it was hell manually ending every single plot . 
  in the end i just quit trying and had about 150 plots all doing their thing ... then i found the button . 
  my life changed . 
  like the guy said , constant truce breaking holy wars . 
  i 'm pretty sure at one point i captured about 30-40 people from one holding . 
  pretty satisfied with my current situation , as i give any land i conquer to members of my dynasty ( which is insanely big , my game lags when i open it , aprrox 15k people altogether , 3k alive right now so there 's never a shortage of people ) . 
  around 80 % of my vassals or more are all dynasty members . 
  so it 's not in my interest to have them die :(, 
  but yeah , i can see why you may not want that checked all the time . 
  in before the shitstorm :, 
  watched the first part , yawned all the way through .
