  as far as i know , you could n't do it permanently . 
  max was something like 62/70 points needed permanently . 
  then you could use clothing/drugs/booze for the 8 . 
  luckily there 's mods . 
  i could n't play oblivion without the +5 mod . 
  what 's # 12 ? 
  i do n't remember an item like that . 
  it was not meant to be an insult at all . 
  i love watching stuff like that . 
  but from what i gathered from the stream , chat got bored with gardening , and that was pretty easy . 
  wiring stuff will take at least twice as long . 
  yes , this is a good one i forgot because i barely get 60 fps : /, 
  i left it at 998 just in case . 
  except , the lost was actually kind of fun to play before ( like the dude below said ) . 
  i could get an average item and i 'd still go through with the run because , you know , i can reroll it eventually . 
  this led to very entertaining runs . 
  i do n't think anybody 's gon na reroll holy mantle . 
  so the runs will be way more boring , and now people are gon na restart for a good damage item . 
  if holy mantle could not be rerolled , the lost would actually be a very fun character to play as you would always get entertaining runs , but you would n't be punished if you accidentally run into the fire or something ( as i 'm prone to do ) . 
  the soul is pretty good . 
  not to spoil too much , but if it really is them just messing with the dataminers ... they really put a lot of effort into it . 
  like , an insane amount . 
  basically , i 'm subtly implying it 's true . 
  incoming nun 's habit shenanigans . 
  it gives spirit hearts , and it always does wonders for me . 
  well , you know , he could be playing the game the way he thinks is fun . 
  i 'd do it as well but i 'm too lazy . 
  lost with holy mantle rerollable = hold r till good damage upgrade and have a possibly boring run . 
  lost with holy mantle not-rerollable = take whatever , you 'll d4 until you get a fun run . 
  but ... as far as i know , black judas and lazarus 2 give unlocks to judas and lazarus . 
  that 'd be very odd and annoying if it 's true . 
  inb4 restarts for judas 's shadow ( also i think i 've never actually finished a game as regular lazarus , i always kill myself for the bonuses ) . 
  26 here , also since wednesday . 
  now i 'm torn between isaac and fallout . 
  well , if you wan na be technical ... this was n't ** time ** gated content . 
  a week eh ? 
  thanks man , i 'll try waiting for a week . 
  so i figured it out myself , but if someone finds this later on , the `` bars '' are actually the black stuff that is holding the planks in the place . 
  they 're on the actual door . 
  ps : i got a legendary deatchlaw in that fucking hospital . 
  used up 3 stimpaks . 
  so after waiting for a week , he still ai n't giving me the upgrade . 
  wondering this as well . 
  edit : apparently he only gives out upgrades at levels 25,35,45 . 
  dude i love you . 
  i 've been looking for an answer to this question for so long . 
  but ... do you maybe know if i missed the upgrade for level 25 , is the lvl 35 upgrade affected in any way ? 
  or maybe 25 upgrades the hat ? 
  i do n't technically cheat , but i save scum sometimes ( read : 5/5/5 heir dies , regency for 5 + years , stuff like that ) . 
  so can you explain this to me :, 
  i connect settlement 1 to settlement 2 . 
  those 2 are connected . 
  then i connect settlement 2 to settlement 3 . 
  those 2 are connected . 
  but are settlement 1 and settlement 3 now connected ? 
  basically is it all a giant web or do you need a connection with every settlement , for every settlement . 
  i used setlevel to get me up to 35 ( i 'm 34 ) , and i got an upgrade . 
  i believe i now have 70 damage/laser resistance + 15 % less damage from humans . 
  do you maybe have the list of how the outfit changes based on the level ? 
  before i set myself to 35 the guy just would n't upgrade my armor . 
  no matter what i tried . 
  that 's weird . 
  like i said mine gives me less damage from humans . 
  that one looks awesome . 
  personally i think if they made holy mantle un-rerollable , he would actually be someone you could consistently play and have fun with . 
  like , we could see actual streaks . 
  this way , nobody in their right mind is going to reroll holy mantle . 
  and a lost run will be just like any other . 
  if you could not reroll holy mantle you 'd keep getting whacky runs , and not have to worry about accidentally running into the fire/bullshit damage . 
  so apparently my , erm , equipment is called silver shroud armor rather than costume . 
  really ? 
  how do i start that quest ? 
  i was wrong all this time ... it 's doll ... not dog . 
  i 'm just at it . 
  thanks . 
  where is that ? 
  copy pasting my comment from another thread :, 
   personally i think if they made holy mantle un-rerollable , he would actually be someone you could consistently play and have fun with . 
  like , we could see actual streaks . 
  this way , nobody in their right mind is going to reroll holy mantle . 
  and a lost run will be just like any other . 
  if you could not reroll holy mantle you 'd keep getting whacky runs , and not have to worry about accidentally running into the fire/bullshit damage . 
  that does n't really invalidate his point . 
  because hush has armor it literally is way better to have a defensive run , than an offensive one . 
  at least as far as hush is concerned . 
  not really . 
  i had a 0 damage/tears upgrade maggy run . 
  no flying . 
  no anything . 
  i still got to hush at 29:40 . 
  if anything i believe getting to hush is too easy . 
  there has literally not been a single run i 've done in afterbirth in which i could not make it to hush . 
  like i said , i literally made it to hush in every single run i 've played in afterbirth . 
  and why would i need bombs to get through the womb ? 
  of course i did n't make it to boss rush on that run , but 10 minutes for 2 more floors afterwards is ridiculous . 
  so yes i do believe it is possible to consistently reach hush in time ( maybe if you had a terrible run like that maggy run of mine , but were also eden that started with shit stats , but then again maggy does n't really have that high damage ) . 
  i. . . did a bad thing ... i gave piper my wedding ring finally after about 20 hours of gameplay ... i felt my dude could move on . 
  then 5 minutes later magnolia finally got off the fucking stage for once ( i kept trying to bang her before but she would always sing ) and i. . . i just had to ... i feel so bad now ... 
  damn , fallout 4 is really immersive . 
  i accidentally made her naked ( well in underwear ) by somehow giving her the grognak costume , having her equip it , then removing it from her .
