  it may take some practice but mk really deals insane amounts of damage . 
  that sucks . 
  thanks . 
  i did n't try it yet . 
  got like 100 more years in ck2 . 
  that 's just what i got when i googled `` ck2 to eu4 converter '' . 
  figured may as well ask now rather than wait when i 'm actually gon na need the answer . 
  actually wanted to try a world conquest in eu4 ... if people can do it as ryukyu surely i should be able to as someone that holds lands bigger than entire europe . 
  i have been searching there . 
  kickass is my go to . 
  but i really ca n't find any i 'd download ( all of them are either shady to me , or have no seeders ) . 
  if someone 's confused about what i 'm asking : soul heart devil deal killed him even though he had regular hp . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can take soul heart deals and still live even if you do n't have enough soul hearts , seeing as i 've done it myself . 
  i am at the state of equillibrium where i am not sure if i pressed it or not . 
  the course of action was of course to press the button but i think i just clicked the lock . 
  so actually i 'm trying to figure out what i am by posting . 
  just ... why ? 
  gta sa had awesome flying ... thanks man ... 
  also a flair comment . 
  it 's never a mood killer to get head ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the only thing i wonder is how the fuck did the bloat beat the cage for the hardest boss on depths . 
  it 's so easy to beat it without taking a hit , compared to the nearly random spike walls from the cage when he jumps . 
  thing is , i do n't really understand how the spell system in this game works . 
  if i cast a spell once that 's it ? 
  it 's gone ? 
  or what . 
  also , i realize that there 's companions in this game , but is it possible to go through the game more or less on your own ( like in fallout , after the first couple of areas , get sniper and gg ) ? 
  oh i do n't mind . 
  i just wanted a game with a great story . 
  however , if i get to choose whether to blow somebody up or not , 9/10 i 'll blow them ( up ) . 
  and when you say `` max int and wis '' you mean setting them to 25 at char creation ? 
  or is there `` increases '' like in fallout ( apart from the level ups ) . 
  i still ca n't remember what they were . 
  q2 : how to view a card 's effect ( here 's the pic ) :, 
  say i just got the card and have no idea what it does . 
  how do i find that out without having to play a game with it ? 
  apparently you can use more than 4 buttons in this game . 
  holding s it is . 
  so far i 've just been using z , x and arrows . 
  one more thing that i just remembered : is there a way around the stupid reminders on every phase `` do you want to use the trap card right now '' ? 
  like with the compulsory evacuation device even though only my cards are on the field ? 
  i thought the `` beans '' would be horrid too , but all you have to do is not spare any bombs . 
  if you just use the bean of course it 's gon na suck . 
  all you need to win is a 2 of clubs . 
  now , the one i hated the most was solar system . 
  fuck waiting for rotations . 
  at least with `` cat got your tongue '' you controlled the damn hairball and it was entirely up to you as to how fast you finish . 
  at least it 's not butter bean . 
  may help with finding the secret rooms . 
  pretty good item overall , though i guess it can be annoying with low tear stat . 
  [ also terrible with ipecac but that did n't stop nl . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuml8gqwxnw ), 
  8/10 , would not reroll . 
  do n't leave us hanging dude . 
  pm the curious people , it 'd be appreciated . 
  i 'm interested in computing and stuff , possibly looking to get a job in the field . 
  wanted to ask a possibly dumb question : what is raid ? 
  tried googling it , but would prefer a more ... humane answer if you know what i mean . 
  thanks so much man . 
  for some reason i always get hit by his `` moving left and right '' rocks that he spawns . 
  adversary is a piece of cake when there 's only one of them , and mask of infamy is just annoying , not hard . 
  there should be : `` daily nl fuckup discussion '' threads . 
  well after doing some of the stuff you said , and adding stuff like jinzo and pot of greed , this game just became too easy . 
  i literally can not lose a duel . 
  thanks man . 
  random hard mode , no lost ( just roll a d10/use the website ) . 
  bb really is n't that difficult.how 'd you get rpg if he is still an issue for you ? 
  the letter is kinda going overboard , but i wan na say , if you do n't bring me the shit i want , you may as well not bring anything . 
  you 'll just be spending money for no reason . 
  the way i see it , it 's a problem for you to go and buy it , and spend money on it . 
  it 's a problem for me to return it/throw it away . 
  you came to whatever social event it is that you were invited to , that 's good enough for me . 
  do n't waste both of our times . 
  i see this will just result in a lot of arguing if we continue so i would like to end it here . 
  i 'm selfish then . 
  ps : it 's not like i 'm dumb enough to actually say anything like that ... i act nice and thank them.it 's just an opinion that i can say on the internet . 
  it 's a running joke man . 
  i would guess at least 90 % of `` those people hating on nl '' are in on it too . 
  i 'm kind of a. . . easier version of those people . 
  i want him to play optimally , but i 'm not gon na rant on reddit about it . 
  for me it 's like this : sure it went okay this time , but one day he 's gon na get fucked because of that . 
  because the hosts ( and the walking ones especially so ) are just annoying as shit . 
  you could make something hard without it being annoying . 
  i agree they 're ( usually ) not hard ( just hosts are a piece of cake , the walking ones are usually in some troublesome rooms ) but you ca n't say waiting 10 seconds for the fucker to pop from his shell is n't annoying . 
  it took me way too long to realize the name did not mean '' # 1 prize '' and the like . 
  apart from that , great item , i see some people dislike it , but i love it . 
  not exactly 10/10 material , but it 's a 9/10 for sure . 
  soy milk , dr fetus , tiny planet , isaac 's heart . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  i do n't need to pick it up , but i think i need to unlock it ( it 's one of the secrets if the wiki is correct ) . 
  and ... the run will be unseeded ... technically ... 
  pretty much . 
  well yeah i just need a seed that has guardian angel in it . 
  the other part is optional because that really is just grinding . 
  no , an actual seed with guardian angel in an angel room . 
  i 've got everything else unlocked/obtained . 
  i do n't think i 'll get it in the base ment . 
  i think it 's angel room exclusive . 
  can you get those in base ment ? 
  thanks .
