  not bad , but not `` omg so deep because you have to like , look up youtube videos to understand it '' . 
  sad you 're getting downvoted . 
  it 's not nice , but your comment is true . 
  i 'm sure more players would get the game if they read `` kill monsters with your tears '' rather than `` deep psychological story that is not even 100 % confirmed '' . 
  works in my case . 
  i upvote the shit out of any thread with that title . 
  doing that on a self post is pretty pointless ... 
  why is kazan rated so highly compared to the other hordes ? 
  is it because they get less coring cost earlier ? 
  other hordes have the - separatism though . 
  i always play with lucky nations off , austria still blobs a decent amount . 
  nothing like the horror i saw in other peoples ' games though . 
  it was actually the scariest area in the game for me . 
  i hate wide open spaces that look as if they go on forever . 
  it constantly makes me think something 's going to pop out of nowhere . 
  i was creeped the fuck out during that entire area and could n't wait to finish it . 
  i wonder what gave me that fear ... 
  with a ( admittedly decent amount of ) little bit of tweaking it 's perfectly playable . 
  dsfix for obvious reasons , dsmousefix for camera controls ( it 's actually pretty decent when you set it properly ) , that one mod whose name i forgot that replaces the useless controller buttons in the menus/tutorials with the actual pc controls and changing the keybinds ( seriously whose fucking idea was it to put the menu on end ) . 
  man , if you ca n't handle a joke , the internet may not be for you . 
  i loved that part . 
  yeah that happens to me often as well . 
  does n't seem to happen as of recently though . 
  i use it instead of the `` game mysteriously crashes '' since i do n't play in ironman , for stuff like 6/3/6 heir goes hunting . 
  i 'm looking for something kind of like shiki/higurashi . 
  basically a mystery in a village . 
  does not necessarily have to be `` fictional '' ( such as the [ ] ( / s `` vampires from shiki and time travel from higurashi '' ) . 
  just keep me in suspense all the time . 
  i watched another . 
  i 'll go check out that first one , thanks . 
  also why the fuck do they have 130k men sieging down one fort ? 
  i can understand wanting to keep an army together in case the enemy comes , but come on . 
  is manpower just a number ? 
  pretty sure the `` liberty desire '' effect kicks in only at 100 and 300 development . 
  my byzantium was the second strongest country in the world , owning basically all the ottoman starting lands + half of russia + random asian lands and it still only had the modifier for 300 development . 
  also , overfeeding vassals is basically how you keep them in line from my experience . 
  fill them up to the max , and they 'll lose all the liberty desire as every province you give them reduces their liberty desire . 
  again , on that byzantium , i had about -300 liberty desire from `` province and event defections '' . 
  as for the question , get diplo ideas , and whatever else gives you dip rep. that byzantium monster i created took about 30 years to annex , while costing me about 10 dip points a month . 
  so , feel free to feed vassals as much as you want . 
  crushed france . 
  had a very satisfying screenshot ready ... and now i realized i took a map screenshot rather than the actual one ... 
  it was a level 5 fort : /, 
  and what forts require 50 cannons ? 
  max i saw was level 8 , 7 from fort + 1 capital . 
  and that definitely did n't need 50 cannons . 
  bethesda bought fallout . 
  interplay made fallout . 
  pretty sure you wo n't take damage when backtracking through already cleared rooms ... unless you 're nl . 
  also your example is bad . 
  that player would miss out on dr fetus either way , with fast travel he 'd just spend less time to get there . 
  i believe if you mouseover the `` send '' button it directly tells you the continent involved . 
  it basically kind of did , since there was literally no travel outside the predetermined areas . 
  regardless , has nothing to do with who made it . 
  to elaborate , in case it is not clear from the picture :, 
  austria declares reconquest war , because they got wrecked by a coalition . 
  venice got raped by some war so they have a grand total of 2k troops which i slaughter . 
  austria sieges down the `` war goal '' province . 
  suddenly , the war goal just becomes austria 's . 
  as you can see in the picture , it 's not occupied , it 's fully taken over , and the war is still going on . 
  i do n't really think it was rebels , because the province got sieged down by austria . 
  eh , you should n't be afraid to google some odd stuff . 
  most of the stuff in dark souls is very cryptic and you probably would n't understand it without help ( i know i sure as fuck did n't ) . 
  even some very basic stuff such as mechanics . 
  the regular halberd . 
  i love the moves . 
  i know i 'd probably be better off with the great scythe , but i just love the halberd . 
  ash lake was the scariest thing for me . 
  this was a close second . 
  that guy looks like hagrid . 
  haha yeah , it 's even worse on the pc without the mod that replaces the `` controller buttons '' with the actual pc controls . 
  i figure stuff like that is very much `` google-able '' . 
  like how to zoom in with a crossbow ( tip : you ca n't . 
  spent about 5 minutes messing around with it only to be told only bows can zoom in ) . 
  just commenting to say that i agree with every single thing you posted in here . 
  i 'd give you gold but i 'm poor as fuck . 
  what 's the firebomb tactic ? 
  i started out as a warrior , wanting to be a manly strength user in plate armor . 
  magic is for sissies in robes . 
  then at some point i changed to dexterity , the love of my life - the halberd and dodging . 
  all this time i kept my starting armor , and the heater shield i started with . 
  all the way until anor londo . 
  when i freed laurentius ( and i got very lucky somehow , i broke the barrel by attacking but he did n't go hostile at me ( that 's a very dumb mechanic in my opinion , nobody told me how to free people from barrels ) ) i started actually raising attunement some more ( i got faith to 12 and attunement to 10 earlier on so i can use heal ) and using pyromancies . 
  and they were awesome . 
  finally in anor londo , i got the havel 's set and wore it until the end of the game . 
  got endurance to 42 ( i think ) so i can be under 50 % with havel 's ring and fap ring . 
  near the very end after killing sif i used my trusty heater shield to make the greatshield of artorias . 
  and man is that thing amazing . 
  right now i started a second playtrough as a `` noble sorcerer '' where my goal is to be human as long as possible ( as my character considers himself high and mighty , so it does not befit him to be a lowly hollow , not really sure on the morality , i did kill the male undead merchant ) . 
  my first death was when taurus demon knocked me off the cliff ( i tried to see if i could block him ) but i had the `` protects you when you die '' ring so i remained human . 
  second death was to havel when i got too greedy and he one shot me . 
  killed the moonlight butterfly , and capra demon with those 2 deaths , so pretty proud of myself . 
  got lucky to get the titanite catch pole from the titanite demon near andre , and was forced to betray my trusty halberd , as the damn thing doubles it in damage . 
  way shittier moveset than the halberd though , will definitely make and use an enchanted +5 halberd at some point . 
  ornstein and smough when together were actually laughably easy for me . 
  i just got them in a line , waited for ornstein to charge or whatever , and then got a pyromancy in while he is recovering . 
  the 5 deaths were all from super smough 's attack when he charges you . 
  haha yeah the twin gargoyles were my worst boss , as said . 
  with o&s something just kinda clicked in my head that said `` hey this area is pretty huge and has cover , how about you use that to your advantage '' . 
  so when i get them in a line one behind another i effectively only have to watch out for attacks from one side .
