  and then you know , you could always argue for patches of mop/cata . 
  man , do you not know of the apache helicopter copy pasta ? 
  my man , she fucked another dude . 
  i know it 's a meme at this point '' / r/relationships will tell you to divorce for anything '' , but honestly , i do n't see anything but divorce working out . 
  i mean , even if you still love her , you 'll always be worrying if she 's fucking someone else whenever she 's going out alone . 
  not worth living like that . 
  rebirth + ab + ab +, 
  are you a guy or a girl ? 
  i can see how you 'd think that if you were a girl , but i dunno , as a guy , i have this primal instinct to rip the shit out of anyone that touches my girl ( wife in this case ) . 
  now , since that 's obviously not recommended in a civilized society , the option left is divorce . 
  yes , feel free to kill them . 
  i recommend shooting them with regular bolts ( since if you 're going for clean hands you 're not using them anyway so you have plenty ) straight in the head , this knocks their head off , so now they can no longer see you , and can only hear you . 
  if you 're sneaking they ca n't hear you at all , so they 're practically useless . 
  i still recommend killing them cause at this point they will kill other enemies as well , and that will affect clean hands . 
  so just do a drop assassination on them at this point . 
  or go behind them , hit them once in the back to reveal the whale oil , and then once more to kill them . 
  usually ? 
  if it 's the keeper ? 
  fuck yes . 
  eh , sounds too op with the `` spawning an item '' . 
  i 'd change it to `` if it kills 5 enemies , it gets recharged . 
  i made it 5 cause most rooms do n't have 10 enemies . 
  nah , this is being a dick . 
  you 're fucking your kid over for no reason . 
  i mean , i 'd argue even about dinner ( i 'll be the one about eating it cold so why does anyone care ) but something as minute as 10 minutes later laundry , and you 're just being a dick . 
   family eating together happily, 
  / r/absolutelynotme _ irl, 
  we always eaten separately because if together someone would always start yelling . 
  yeah , hence the change to `` recharges '' instead of `` spawns an item '' . 
  simply make it so he ca n't heal or revive his minions , and i 'm fine with it . 
  thanks !, 
  you sure you did n't have chaos at the time of the reroll ? 
  cause if you have chaos and then roll i believe it 's possible to get devil deal/angel deal items . 
  man , halo of flies is dope . 
  i really fucking hate king baby . 
  i do n't know if it 's objectively bad , but i never take it unless i have to . 
  thanks a lot :d, 
  not at all agreeing with their general views , but an average woman 's got it way easier than the average men . 
  she asks 10 guys for sex she 'll probably score 9 , and get rejected by 1 , while for guys it 's the opposite . 
  rebirth 's way easier than flash . 
  it looks so much like a boot . 
  it always takes me 10 seconds of staring to see the card . 
  would never see it if i had n't reddit . 
  seriously ? 
  i thought it had the worst pvp by far . 
  but then again , i liked cata so fuck me . 
  it also added my absolute most hated skill in wow - touch of karma . 
  it 's the one skill ( that i can recall right now ) that can fuck you over in pvp without you being at fault . 
  it 'd be much better if it just reflected 100 % of damage to anyone that attacked it , rather than you dying because some idiot ca n't see the huge ass white thingy over the guy 's head . 
  i try to go for 10 most of the time . 
  sleep 's important for gains . 
  did n't hitler basically just print a shitload of money/take debts , indeed rebuilding germany fast , but would fuck up the economy in the long run ? 
  or am i misremembering something . 
  i love this item . 
  it 's like a fun version of the stopwatch . 
  also yeah , i was wondering about the whole design workshop thingy . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/celicni, 
  that 's more than the average serbian wage . 
  yo , help a brother out with the meaning ? 
  i get mostly consistent 60 fps , with i3 3210 , radeon r7 260 and 8 gb of ram ( note : these are pretty shitty specs ) . 
  it seems to work great for some people with shit pc 's ( me ) and then some dude with a beefy rig will have issues . 
  all on basically the lowest setting , except i maxed out aa which for some reason has absolutely 0 effect on fps ( i tested in both the low fps areas ( there 's a few like the start of level 2 and level 5 ) and during regular play ) and one other option i think that made the game look too much like shit . 
  something about shadows . 
  well there 's no tonsil item ( to pick up ) so yeah it 's the only way ( aside from getting it on an eden start ) . 
  yes it works in flash , it does n't work in rebirth . 
  it 's just a worse mucormycosis . 
  what 'd it do in community remix again ? 
  it takes a little bit of getting used to . 
  imagine if you sorted reddit comments by '' ~ ~ new ~ ~ '' `` the opposite of new '' , and there were only top level comments ( no replies ) . 
  assume x 's are some random numbers , clicking that gets you to the post they 're replying . 
  you need to use blink 2 times . 
  that 's it . 
  i really disliked the dreadful wale . 
  the hound pits ' pub had more , and more interesting , people to talk to . 
  why is `` multicultural family '' something that makes a man more or less qualified to be a president ? 
  if it did n't prevent shooting for such an awkward period of time , it 'd be great . 
  as is , i almost never use it . 
  i am aware the game 's still pretty hard for you now , but like the other guy said , i 'd recommend you change to hard and play like that , so you do n't have to do everything twice . 
  hard is n't really that hard . 
  you just get no health drops from bosses ( and less red heart drops overall ) , more curses , and more champions . 
  can you do me ? 
  nope . 
  only red hearts are different . 
  less consumables was a thing pre 1.2 or 1.3 patch of rebirth . 
  and of course more curses/champions . 
  asking this as well . 
  shit man , i 'm about as far right wing as you can get , but come on ... that 's just such a heartwarming story . 
  do n't bring politics into it . 
  funnily enough , i often see posts like `` you post in / r/the _ donald , so your arguments are false '' . 
  i 'd be much less inclined to rape and murder someone if i knew i 'd get raped and murdered myself , rather than just spend 5 years in prison . 
  i think killing someone that rapes 4 times is better for society than letting him go . 
  right , because my comment implies i 'd do either of those things . 
  or are you on the spectrum and take everything literally ? 
  of course . 
  i 'm in favor of mine , if it 's proven without any reasonable doubt that the dude did it . 
  you can be in favor of yours . 
  for cases like these ? 
  yeah . 
  what do you possibly get out of letting this guy go free ? 
  do n't make it sound like i 'm implying a shoplifter goes on the electric chair .
