  i liked them . 
  showed corvo 's backstory . 
  wo n't spoil anything though . 
  thanks a lot for this . 
  it worked . 
  i could access it on phone but not on pc . 
  you helped me out a lot . 
  the dlc 's are amazing . 
  very much worth it ( if you liked the main game ) . 
  i played the dark messiah a bit earlier . 
  it 's a really fun game . 
  kick is awesome , and the powers are surprisingly fun . 
  i upvote almost everything in the domreddit . 
  it 's satisfying seeing so many walls . 
  well , when has she ever changed her mind ? 
  serbia here as well , also having troubles . 
  us.reddit works fine though . 
  it 's all possible . 
  not all of it at once of course , but 10 mana potions can get you far . 
  what 's a trike ? 
  tw3 : blood and wine , xcom 2 , dark souls 3 , doom and now d2 ? 
  personally i felt 2013/14 was a lot worse ( ca n't pinpoint exactly which one ) . 
  ah yes , all those conveniently placed spiked traps . 
  great fun . 
  about as good as bend time . 
  i 'd argue bend time is even better though . 
  what i want to know is , can you dump something off the edge , freeze time , then keep freezing and unfreezing , while you 're standing on top of the body , to conveniently land down on the ground with no fall damage . 
  i know , but if you let time go , will the game `` drop '' you off the body , because it 's moving ? 
  the game itself will let you know ( so i do n't consider what i am about to say a spoiler ) :, 
  killing increases chaos . 
  with chaos , you get more rats everywhere , more weepers , more guards , the city and generally everyone around you will be more dark , and the ending is ... darker ... 
  i am loving the windblast suggestion for breaking falls . 
  i could actually use it at some point then . 
  i am so proud of you for coming out . 
  so brave . 
  i want you to buy pepe . 
  i guarantee there 's no problem there . 
  no brakes on the trump train !, 
  some of you guys are alright , do n't go to the gym tomorrow . 
  i thought ctr ran out of funds ? 
  pact would be a 1 spirit heart loss . 
  ceremonial robes would be free ( or even better than free as you 'd swap spirit hearts for black hearts ) . 
  #bend the knee . 
  she was hiding from the sniper fire . 
  not even my country ( sadly , would love to come legally ) , but i am fully on the trump train . 
  ah yeah , did not read the first comment properly . 
  you can get 3 white bars , ca n't get red . 
  also , ca n't sound an alarm . 
  that might be what 's getting you ( that fucked me over on overseer campbell ) . 
  i am actually ashamed of how long it took me to realize you can drop those things . 
  there comes a point at which the value of bombs and keys changes . 
  when in low amounts , i vastly prefer keys , to enter item rooms . 
  but 99 keys will be useless most of the time , whereas 99 bombs are useful . 
  chaos has no effect on powers , you can get any powers you want . 
  what you 're saying is possible of course , doing one mission high , then next low to bring chaos down . 
  but you may have to do more than 1 mission on low chaos depending on how trigger happy you were . 
  replaying a mission resets everything in it basically . 
  agreed . 
  like i said , replaying a mission ( at the end screen where it says `` replay '' ) will reset everything about that mission . 
  you should still have it equipped . 
  but replaying mission 2 from the menu will only change the stats for that mission . 
  the save you have on mission 4 will still count the first time you completed mission 2 . 
  no new game plus , but there is a modded save file available for download that starts you off with everything . 
  yeah . 
  after i do a couple of playtroughs i start skipping annoying mobs . 
  but never before . 
  my pride does n't let me continue until i 've killed every single piece of shit at least once . 
  campbell : heretic 's brand . 
  a fate worse than death . 
  pendletons : the same . 
  lady boyle : death . 
  burrows : same as 2 above . 
  daud , beaten in a duel and left alive . 
  loyalists : dead . 
  agreed . 
  if i lost , i can blame myself . 
  if i could literally do nothing about it that 's bullshit . 
  ca n't wait for this . 
  jesus , this election is really great . 
  buy more pepe !, 
  are you implying ctr is not doing the same thing ? 
  the `` doing the same thing '' was referring to going to and voting on the same polls you imply we 're voting on . 
  not just using the polls they won on . 
  yeah , but nobody talks like that . 
  in conversation , would you say `` 6 is 2x bigger than 2 '' , or `` 6 is 3x bigger than 2 '' . 
  same here . 
  usually i spoil the shit out of myself on every game . 
  but d2 is special . 
  i must stay spoiler free ... well ... any more than i already am . 
  get rebirth first to see if you like the game . 
  rebirth is almost just an objective upgrade to the original binding of isaac . 
  afterbirth is the dlc for it . 
  400 pounds basement dwellers . 
  high overseer campbell ? 
  knock out the guard that goes in the interrogation room every so often , when he sees campbell he triggers an alarm , ruining your ghost . 
  happened to me too but i figured it out . 
  not necessary . 
  did n't really see the need for a nerf . 
  was op in greed mode but in normal mode it 's meh ( if you 're not lilith , otherwise it 's at the very least kind of 20/20 every 4 rooms ) . 
  tl ; dr everyone hated them .
