  fell asleep on the second one . 
  i bet steel is his body and fire is his blood . 
  as the uploader of that image , i only figured it out when people started posting `` remove kebab '' in the comments . 
  i always passed up on those because all they gave me was the lustful trait . 
  yeah , an old hag sold me a potion . 
  first time it just knocked me out . 
  second and third times it gave me lustful . 
  i just quit after that . 
  it ruined my `` true christian knight '' :(, 
  so , as he prays ... 
  erm ... i got some kinda super overpowered ruler right now due to inheriting genius , getting strong through hunting , and having pretty much all the good traits from education . 
  he is literally insane ... 
  oh , and he 's possesed and jesus is giving him military advice . 
  so he 's got like 56 martial total if i recall correctly . 
  if i saw a picture of that , i could swear it was cheated . 
  i do n't think they 're worth it early game . 
  monthly expenses can barely be felt later on . 
  and now in 1250 i 've got a multicontinental empire , i have 2x 40k retinue stacks . 
  i put them a day away from a country , declare war , assault holding . 
  conquered the entire muslim territories in asia and africa in about 5 years . 
  also , the fact you do n't have to wait 5 months for your armies to gather is pretty nice ( because they 're already there like i said ) . 
  edit : broken as shit strategy how i conquered the muslims : destroy like 3-4 counties of theirs with assaults . 
  it gets me to 100 % warscore as i assault every single holding . 
  have the war goal be somewhere far off . 
  war ends , go out of their countries , send retinues back and immediately declare another war . 
  assault all of the same holdings again . 
  repeat for easy conquest . 
  yep . 
  he has that as well . 
  a lunatic that is possessed and leads armies all the time . 
  i can just imagine him giggling as he chops off heads . 
  well , it 's -5 diplomacy which is n't that bad , due to my eugenics program . 
  i do n't care about prestige that much really ( my kids start with like 5k due to dynasty prestige ) , and the - opinion with muslims ? 
  why should i care ? 
  this saves me so much time in conquering new land . 
  imagine conquering a single duchy every 10 years ... eh ... 
  people who chew with their mouth open . 
  every time i eat with my dad i have violent thoughts of strangling him and his `` splush '' sound . 
  holy shit . 
  neither did i. 
  is that why it 's so rare ? 
  devil deal is way better and anyone claiming otherwise is lying to themselves !, 
  brimstone/mom 's knife vs sacred heart ? 
  i know what im taking !, 
  breath of life vs brother bobby ? 
  at least bb does something ... 
  much better to just barf a lazor on the entire room dou . 
  watch everything he uploads ( except dankest dungeon , for some reason it just does n't `` click '' with me ) and i want moar isaac per day . 
  at 2x speed though , so when i catch him streaming he sounds high as fuck . 
  i intend to do a normal playtrough first . 
  but i want my glorious dynasty to conquer the world , 
  really ? 
  i despised the shit out of it . 
  i absolutely hated waiting for the rotation . 
  i think suicide king was the best one . 
  relied completely on your skill , and it was pretty fun too . 
  watched the shit out of milbee 's other videos ( katawa shoujo ) , but i just ca n't watch boi from anyone that is n't nl for some reason . 
  you should try . 
  it 's a pretty old game . 
  it took me like 5 uninstalls to finally go through with it ( the controls are pretty ... bad ... and it 's an isometric 2d ) but when i did , boy was it worth it . 
  i never really talked to people about this so i do n't know if it makes me an asshole but , if someone does anything along the lines of rape , torture , or throwing piss at someone ( like that ice bucket challenge video with the autistic kid ) i no longer consider them human . 
  they should be treated like animals at that point , be given the same form of torture they gave to someone else , before being guillotine 'd ( though in a less gruesome way i guess ) . 
  if i were you , i 'd do the alt-f4 trick . 
  get your unlocks , and if you really have to prove it to yourself you can do it , you can still try afterwards , but the pressure will be off , and i believe you 'll play better ( because you wo n't be so pissed off and restarting all the time ) . 
  link ? 
  i used to think it 's really shitty but now it 's one of my favorite items . 
  9/10 only cause of brimstone interaction ( which , while awesome , sucks ) . 
  all of em . 
  and how do i go about having my vassals get those claims ? 
  heh , i remember doing that in vanilla isaac . 
  was pretty great . 
  it gets way easier from that point on , i can now pretty reliably beat, 
  [ spoilers ] ( / s `` the chest '' ) 4/5 times . 
  boss rush . 
  i 'd be satisfied if they fixed it so rather than dmg x3 it became dmg x4-5 +10 base . 
  ipecac has 40 base . 
  do n't think it 'd be too op, 
  not according to platinumgod . 
  step 1 ) use alt-f4 glitch . 
  step 2 ) ??? 
  i 'm assuming i 'm not supposed to press the `` grant all titles below this one '' button when handing out counties then ... 
  i 'm basically holding the entire map , except the british isles , and part of west africa . 
  i just increased the important tech , thinking that the other less important ones will automatically increase . 
  which i guess they do n't . 
  damn . 
  that seems incredibly useful . 
  too bad i never used viceroyalties ( just gave shit away to members of my dynasty and thought `` my dynasty is holding it , why would i want it back '' ) . 
  monstro 's lung . 
  had 20/20 , with awesome rate of fire . 
  pick up monstro 's lung = take 3 fucking seconds per shot that does n't even do that much damage . 
  oh if it were only one . 
  monstro 's lung has almost no synergies . 
  you should add that virgo has the phd effect , heavily influenced my vote from a c to a. 
  yes , that must be it . 
  i thought about it but i did n't pick up guppy 's hairball , and whadayya know it is n't in the red chest pool . 
  `` their '' tech levels ? 
  i 'm sorry , i mean this :, 
  will they start over at 3/3/3 or will they keep anything i reserach while still being portugal ? 
  do n't hold down the button . 
  get close to an enemy and just tap it a little bit .
