  i kinda like the green guy 's dodge like it 's from dark souls , but crystal 's block is so much more convenient . 
  that being said , are there any `` secret '' rooms or something i should look out for ? 
  what is the flowchart you use to beat a level ( again , an example from isaac : i go to the item room , shop if i have the money , and curse rooms ) . 
  how many levels are there ? 
  i got to some dark level 6-1 and instantly died from full hp when about 50 of these dogs rushed me before i could understand what was going on . 
  is there any way to affect what weapons you get ? 
  i 'm in love with the lightning weapon i got last run . 
  finally what are these little gateways i sometimes see ? 
  i usually shoot them , and then some space cops come , but then space cops also came when i was fighting some boss that hopped in air and landed down into a lot of bullets . 
  i feel like i will go hollow irl . 
  i have been stuck below the sen 's fortress , against the 2 titanite demons that attack you at the same time , for over an hour . 
  about 25 % of the way in i started savescumming right outside of the entrance . 
  now , this is not my first playtrough and i did not have so much trouble with them the last two . 
  but i want to see someone do them in the conditions that i am in at the moment ( self imposed challenge ) :, 
  no shield . 
  no magic . 
  no bow and arrow . 
  below level 50 . 
  no rusted iron ring . 
  using zweihander . 
  so we all know that the souls ' series has a very ... unconventional way of presenting the story/lore . 
  i was wondering how many people actually liked it being that way ? 
  would you prefer more conventional storytelling or not ? 
  explain why/why not . 
  personally , i would very much like it being like in all the other games , if for no other reason , then so that most people could understand it without looking up lore videos . 
  what 's the point of a beautiful world if nobody understands it ? 
  if nothing else , then i 'd at least like everything to have a confirmed answer . 
  there 's so much stuff we do n't know/is only interpretation . 
  i was wondering , how well would i do with the following ( i tried game debate but they were n't very helpful , all saying different stuff ) . 
  radeon r7 260x ( 1gb ) . 
  8 gigs of ram . 
  on game debate it says my processor is 14 % weaker than the minimum but and here 's a big but ... i will be playing on a 1280x1024 resolution ( or even lower in case this resolution is not available as was the case with ds1 ) . 
  as far as i know this should make it run a bit better . 
  could i expect 30 fps if everything is on low ? 
  is there any way i could change some choices mid playtrough of mass effect 2 ? 
  specifically , i 'd like to change the fact i murdered all the colonists on feros in me1 . 
  i googled some save editor stuff , but it says i would have to re-import the character . 
  [ removed ], 
  so you 're just viewing a random thread right ? 
  and then a discussion occurs . 
  a bit further into the comment chain someone posts an opinion , gets downvoted to 0 and immediately fucking edits with something like :, 
  `` oh sure disagree but reply , do n't downvote '' . 
  `` haha yeah downvote for a different opinion '' . 
  `` why do i even bother , go ahead and downvote me , reddit hivemind herp da derp '' . 
  like , damn dude , you got 1 downvote , it 's not the end of the world . 
  but no , the comment must instantly be edited to reflect the fact it got downvoted , to ... i do n't know , get pity upvotes ? 
  and it always works , because whenever i see that comment afterwards it always has a certain amount of upvotes ( exact number varying on the subreddit and amount of users ) . 
  so no , there was no reason for you to complain about a single downvote , which was probably from the dude you were arguing with . 
  i do n't understand why this bothers me so much but it does . 
  that 's about all i had to say . 
  i 'm just wondering , how soon can we expect them ? 
  i 'd really like to play demon 's souls/bloodborne but sony 's being a bitch . 
  i 'm just wondering what would be the best weapon that does physical , or at the very least non-magic damage ? 
  with low requirements preferably . 
  i am planning to infuse the fire longsword with magic , as i really like the moveset , and do n't really like the mace 's so much . 
  so i need a weapon ( that i assume i 'll make into raw ) that i can use against magic resistant opponents . 
  heard it has denuvo . 
  there 's a lot of chants and they all do something different , but there has to be a best one , no ? 
  if i put just one chant , would it keep being cast repeatedly ? 
  is there any reason i would put more chants ? 
  can someone that has played please tell me what moveset the halberd has ? 
  is it like ds1 or ds2 ? 
  or something new ? 
  anyone has a problem with sagani using abilities ? 
  i love min maxing the shit out of my main character but i ca n't be assed to do it for every single one so i just turn on ai , agressive , use per rest spells yada yada yada . 
  and it works for all party members ... except sagani . 
  she just wo n't use her spells . 
  and yes it 's turned on in the options . 
  anyone experienced this ? 
  i played f3 earlier , but now i got this urge to come back to it . 
  which mods would you recommend for a new experience ? 
  i 'd really like a mod that removes any scaling ( especially from mothership zeta ) . 
  all praise to wingser !, 
  the one true god !, 
  i 'm just wondering , when should i go and do the white march quests ? 
  i 've currently just finished act 2 , and am 4k exp away from level 11 . 
  so ds3 is getting released in 10 days , and i 'm wondering what would be the best way to get sick ? 
  i 'd really like to immerse myself and enjoy the game a whole lot . 
  by `` sick '' i mean the regular sneeze , cough , maybe high temperature . 
  inb4 fake it : can not do it . 
  i know there 's tons of `` tycoon '' games in which you handle resources , but i 'd like it to be a game where i actually control a character . 
  to provide an example of what i want , it 's like the first part of dead money ( a dlc for fallout new vegas ) . 
  you 're dropped into the unknown scary city , all your equipment taken away , and you must carefully conserve your ammunition . 
  or , think pathologic , but with slightly better gameplay . 
  basically make me care about every bullet/dollar/whatever i spend , not like bioshock infinite 's `` oh welp you ran out of ammo elizabeth will just find you some in a minute '' . 
  note : no stuff like minecraft/forest/rust etc. 
  while those certainly fit the bill , i want the main focus on the game to be something else other than `` build up shelter '' . 
  like , have an actual story . 
  the first one is more a narrative question , and the other just a curiosity . 
  1 ) why does elizabeth just let atlas beat her to death , why tell him what the `` ace in the hole '' means , and why not just kill him herself in the first place ? 
  2 ) how did you play burial at sea ep2 ? 
  i played infinite and ep1 as a shooter , blasting everything , but in ep2 i only killed 1 guy ... and it was n't even me , he got blasted by a turret somehow . 
  i was being all stealthy throughout the entire dlc , and it reminded me of dishonored what with the `` sleeping crossbow darts '' , the hook jump thingy being similar to blink , and the invisibility plasmid kind of had the `` dark vision '' effect . 
  peeping tom was way too strong when i got the `` it 's free as long as you do n't move '' upgrade . 
  i 'm planning on starting a second playtrough . 
  from what i know , more party members means xp is shared among members . 
  and when you meet party members they are at the level you are . 
  so , what if i was to not pick anybody up , and go solo through the first act and a bit of act two , which should get me up to 16 , and then go and pick up everybody ? 
  i am aware there is enough xp to get it playing normally but i want to hit the cap as soon as possible . 
  i want to do a `` stupid guy that punches everything to death '' playtrough , but i do n't want to grind in order to level up , and as like half the quests are unavailable when you 're stupid , i need some sort of cheat/mod/command to double my xp gains .
