  he did some calculations , and you 'd basically need to watch every single video he puts up in a month ( and he puts out a shitload ) , just to give him like 1 $ of ad revenue . 
  i agree morrowind is a much better rpg than skyrim , but come on , literally nobody liked efficient leveling . 
  it was just a fucking chore . 
  i liked it . 
  i hate when people leave the stories up to interpretation , i like solid conclusions ( not to say that would be the case this time , without the epilogue it 'd be a very definite ending ) . 
  i hate this `` snape is the greatest ever martyr '' meme . 
  dude got friendzoned and could n't deal with it . 
  like , sure i 'm not blaming him for that . 
  but he was an absolute piece of shit to everyone . 
  just because you do one good thing does n't make up for all the shit you did before . 
  early on ( before he got 1 million ) he basically just played horror games and did n't really overreact . 
  he 's playing a fucking horror game alone in the dark , anyone 'd be scared . 
  then after he started getting more and more popular ( and i guess he ran out of horror games to play ) he started the whole `` overreacting '' spiel , and honestly got really annoying . 
  stopped watching him at this point . 
  lately , seems like he 's putting out really decent content , though i would n't know as i only watch a very few of his videos , none of which are lp 's . 
  tl ; dr good -  bad -  probably good, 
  i loved that part the most . 
  well , not only amnesia , but mostly horror games ( like cry of fear ) . 
  [ here 's how it looks for me on the pc . 
  like the eggscum is better . 
  fuck that , i do n't get it , someone explain for us dumb people . 
  i heard something about this but it never happened to me . 
  what are the triggers ? 
  probably should . 
  i laugh at `` gore threads '' on 4chan . 
  this one actually made me shiver . 
  not even that graphic but fuck man , these are real people , not some fucker intentionally creating something as fucked up as possible . 
  any way to edit that so it plays every time ? 
  i got downvoted to hell for asking a firm source for him being gay . 
  everyone was like `` you 're acting like a child , why do n't you trust the totally subjective media and all the `` sources '' ( sources being statements from people , yes , very reliable ) '' . 
  yeah so ... the fbi confirmed my point ... like i said ... your `` sources '' were laughable . 
  yeah so ... the fbi confirmed my point ... like i said ... your `` proof '' was laughable . 
  / r/worldnews, 
  see , the problem is your second sentence . 
  `` if you do n't get hit '' . 
  as far as i know , there is absolutely no way to consistently dodge those shots 100 % of the time , as in order for you to see where they 'll go , they already need to have went past you , meaning you could possibly get hit . 
  i still think continuum attacks are bullshit . 
  you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt, 
  tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  16/7/2016 best day of my life, 
  yeah ublock is what i use . 
  but a great feature adblock plus had was `` enable ads only for specific youtubers '' since i watch some content producers i like , and would like them to get paid . 
  is it weird i think exactly the opposite ? 
  that is not a `` trick '' , you can still be hit . 
  you got lucky . 
  i have tested many many times , there is no 100 % reliable way to not get hit . 
  a vid of you doing it successfully does n't prove anything . 
  that is , it shows that it can work , but not a 100 % chance . 
  given i got hit while :, 
   standing close to him, 
   not moving, 
   moving to the corner, 
   rushing to the safe spot, 
  i 'll conclude there 's no 100 % success chance . 
  like , you can check out nl 's vids , in some of them he states `` i was told to just stand still '' and he still gets hit . 
  a video where you get hit like 3-4 times is supposed to show me hush is 100 % dodgeable ? 
  next time i get to hush i 'll try that , but like any of the other `` strats '' i tried many times , i expect it to fail . 
  i think f3 had like 1 check for low int and nv had a few ( but nothing like 1 and 2 ) . 
  it was an okay game . 
  it was a god awful fallout game . 
  those do n't advertise as an `` open world role playing games '' . 
  not nearly the same . 
  you can solve quests in multiple ways , depending on how you think geralt should act . 
  kill the baron 's child , or try to save it , for example . 
  in fallout 4 , if you say no , you still say yes . 
  a good rpg :, 
  no means no . 
  no means yes after one more line of dialogue from an npc . 
  bullshit argument , no rpg in existence has ever provided a player with the freedom real life offers . 
  where 'd he get the first fake button though ? 
  yeah , i understood that , asked about the very first button . 
  alright then . 
  mate i do n't know what kind of rpg 's you 've been playing . 
  play f1 and 2 , arcanum , ps : t , baldur 's gate and the like . 
  all outdated as shit , and the gameplay is rather bad , but awesome rpg 's . 
  of all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these '' / pol / was right again '' . 
  i am an outsider with no horse in the race . 
  i visit / r/the _ donald a lot for the memes . 
  this american election cycle is like reality tv . 
  14 yo is legal in my country . 
  suck it . 
  islam is a religion of peace as much as / pol / is a board of peace . 
  eastern europe 's pretty good ... if poor as fuck . 
  bob 's brain , cursed eye , soy milk and tiny planet , the first time i picked them up . 
  i 'm sure if if if if if if she picked bernie , and , god forbid , won , someone would try to assassinate her so their precious bernie can be president . 
  really love the boot idea , very original .
