  saying `` fuck that '' i went out of the city only to be scared shitless by hakunin and his `` chosen , the village hungers '' . 
  can anyone tell me what the fuck was that about ? 
  also this was n't the first time it happened , the game froze like 4-5 times before that , but would always unfreeze after ~ 20 sec and would not be freezing again . 
  got the ultimate edition of de :o and ... the camera is just god awful ( the overview one , not the one where i move as in gta ) . 
  is there any way i can increase the max distance of it ? 
  it 's no fun being shot at without seeing the enemies ... 
  i feel stupid , but how do i enter the carlson estate ( f2 ) ? 
  the damn building is positioned in such a bad way that i ca n't see any doors . 
  so i was playing through mass effect 1 for about 25 hours and it was all great . 
  and right out of the blue , after i finished talking to tali in normandy , i got insanely bad fps , it goes below 10 . 
  it worked fine all this time . 
  anyone knows why/how it got messed up that badly ? 
  it even lags during cutscenes . 
  so my perfectly brown hair from mass effect 2 , that looked fine on the character creation screen , turned jet black in-game . 
  does anyone know the codes ( either the editor codes or the rbg ones ) for a normal brown color that will look fine in mass effect 3 ? 
  something like dr. ann bryson 's hair only for a male sheppard . 
  yes , you read that correctly . 
  just a dos . 
  just one guy that think he 's a leet haxor and dos 's random people . 
  i can get his ip easily , i would just like to know how i can stop him . 
  whenever i try to google all it shows is a bunch of protections against ddos , which i do not need ( as , again , there is only 1 guy ) . 
  2 questions about this awesome anime :, 
  1 ) how does undoing past d mails prolong mayuri 's death by 1 day each ? 
  i mean changing a girl back into a guy does it ? 
  2 ) how does deleting the first ( or last ) d mail from sern 's database undo the fact that it was sent ? 
  i decided to get witcher 2 , and heard witcher 1 is n't really the best game ever ( so i heard , please do n't kill me ) but i would like a quick overview of the story if possible ( and i realize i can just go to wikipedia , but i 'd like it explained a bit better , such as what things i should look out for in witcher 2 ) . 
  also , do choices in this game matter that much ? 
  [ no spoilers please ] . 
  it 's crazy hard , it took me like 5 tries to beat the dude in the tower in the prologue with the 10 helpers . 
  after a few tries i just went and slashed the archers first , but then usually there 's the 3 dudes with the shield left . 
  i ca n't slash them , they just block all my attacks , and they always surround me . 
  are there any tricks to dealing with 50 opponents at once , and more importantly , for dealing with people carrying shields . 
  1 ) does opening the chest/taking evil hearts in devil deal rooms count as a `` deal '' and therefore makes getting angel rooms impossible ? 
  2 ) what do those weird monsters in the womb do ? 
  the ones that often appear in groups of four , and are just some kinda tentacle that goes up . 
  how could i force a flash game to run at full fps while it is minimized/not in the current tab ? 
  i 'm playing an idle game and i 'm pretty sure that my fps at least halves while it is not on the screen.this , in turn , makes the game slower and me less efficient at it ( idle game ) . 
  windows 7 , using chrome . 
  so i 'm having a weird problem . 
  whenever i view a video , a message pops up saying `` an error has appeared '' , the video reloads , but now i ca n't switch the speed for the video any more ( option not there ) . 
  this is a problem because i like to watch videos at x2 so i can watch twice as many ( and you can understand evertyhing most of the time ) . 
  using windows 7 and google chrome . 
  anyone knows about this ? 
  which one would be better ? 
  i 'm guessing mom 's pearl but the angel rooms could come in handy . 
  so i 'm kinda new to the game and pretty fucking bad at it . 
  i could only beat satan with 2 characters , and isaac with azazel ( azazel is nice ) . 
  i tried a lazarus run , and ended up picking up aries and the unicorn stump at once . 
  also had the cube of meat . 
  the unicorn stump recharges every room . 
  and aries does contact damage . 
  what resulted from that was that i was able to clear ( almost ) every room in mere seconds by just running over all the enemies and it was glorious . 
  also helped that i had taurus that would activate and do the same thing ( and more damage ) . 
  this combination let me beat the lamb the first time i even got to it , did n't even end up using lazarus ' life . 
  if i beat the lamb , while mega satan is unlocked , will the game end ? 
  how to dodge them ? 
  my first run the moment i saw them i ran to the corner opposite the one where they started and never got hit , but in all subsequent runs i keep getting hit there . 
  where 's the `` safe spot '' ? 
  i unlocked golden god , but my save file picture is still one of dead mega satan . 
  is it supposed to be like that ? 
  because i would prefer it to be golden god ( if that still exists in rebirth ) . 
  do the `` reduce damage '' and `` reduce attack speed '' injuries apply to mages ? 
  asking because i do n't think having an injured arm makes spells weaker . 
  how do i set it so that morrigan wo n't heal me ? 
  because i 'm a blood mage so her healing spells are pretty much wasted on me . 
  while also still healing other party members ? 
  i was a mage in dao , and really like mages in general , but heard they suck ... hard ... in da2 . 
  should i play a warrior instead ? 
  are mages really that bad ? 
  ps : i do n't really like the idea of making combos , are mages playable with all the op gear i get from the dlc 's , just on their own ? 
  2 things :, 
  1 ) if i want to edit an existing mod , but the . erf file is made up of a couple . gda files , and i only wish to edit one , do i need to pack them back together in . erf for it to work or can i just put all of the . gda into override folder and it 'll work the same ? 
  2 ) how to edit a spell so it is not affected by magic resistances ? 
  all the columns are really not helping me , some are easily marked ( like cost and cd ) but i ca n't find magic resist column ( if there is one ) . 
  i want to do this for the haste and barrier spells so that they do n't last so short on my mages . 
  i was messing around with the base ment seed , and had mom 's knife x4 , and every time i shot it , it fired off 4 homing waves of an insane amount of knives ( at least 20 for only pressing the shot key for 0.1 s loads more if i held it ) . 
  what item was it that made those knives appear ? 
  ps : nothing to do with the topic , but i think bob 's curse and bob 's brain should switch names ... because i feel cursed every time i get bob 's brain . 
  i just played 15 times and i lost all of them . 
  i 'm thinking this is a little less than 33 % chance ... 
  the wiki says that the value of moonshine is basically the same as its ' parts . 
  so why should i be crafting it ? 
  i 've also been watching some videos of northernlion and his moonshine was a through the roof deal in the market , but in some other places it was barely worth anything . 
  can someone clear up the trading/moonshine stuff in this game to me ? 
  can i get a seed with the following :, 
  pyromaniac . 
  dr fetus/99 bombs/a lot of bombs/ipecac . 
  plug in the shop . 
  i need it for reasons . 
  i tried all the ones i could find on the wiki but for some reason i get fucking charged tears or the blood of the martyr instead of dr fetus/pyro . 
  does it make any difference if my beds are near the heater/in the basement/on the roof ? 
  also , why the hell does an upgraded , fully stocked heater not give me the 15 c i need :\\, 
  is there any reports of anyone attempting to make this ? 
  downloaded inquisition , and do n't think i 'll be playing it if i ca n't get my saves . 
  how good are mages in da : i ? 
  are they as terrible as in da2 ? 
  i 'd like to apologize if i 'm just being a retard . 
  but i ca n't find any options for showing health bars without me mousing over them ( therefore making it very hard for me to find enemies to hit before they hit me first ) or an option to auto pause at start of every fight ( like in origins and 2 ) . 
  are these features not an option at all , or am i just being retarded ? 
  i may just be retarded but how do you view health and mana in numerical values ?
