  you smacked a random pot in the corner for no real reason ( honestly i 'm sure 99 % of players wo n't find that assassin without looking it up ) . 
  but this one would very much annoy me if i wanted to keep her alive . 
  you gave a promise you 'd give the dude scrolls , but then went on your merry way and basically told him to go fuck himself while you kill 4 bosses . 
  you only ever need to give him 1 scroll and there 's 2 near the area where you find him . 
  she only leaves after you buy all the dark sorceries . 
  and also , you already fucked up the quest at that point if she 's selling those . 
  people , not him . 
  do n't understand your second point . 
  that 's an issue of multiplayer , not the game . 
  i was playing offline at that point . 
  if they messed it up , they did n't really explore too well , so who woulda thought they 'd be punished for it . 
  like i said , literally 2 scrolls in areas around him . 
  and finally , leaves after you buy the spells . 
  so because i dislike part of a game , i am not a fan of it ? 
  if anything , i dislike the 1 % of the game , as i am sure many others do . 
  i could probably take a life bet on the fact many more people play for the gameplay rather than the story . 
  probably not the majority here on the subreddit , but like i said , i could bet in general it is the majority . 
  luckily , [ ] ( / s '' the anal rodeo archers are also back . '' ), 
  i am saying it would be improved by a twenty volume objective disambiguation . 
  it works for any other game , this one is n't so special . 
  really ? 
  i consider myself fairly clueless , but that one was so incredibly obvious to me . 
  sad ? 
  does humor exist in your language ? 
  i thought comments were for commenting opinions ? 
  i have not in any way affected the op . 
  combat is way faster . 
  you do have to re-kill enemies every time you die ( otherwise what would be the point of death ) , and there 's still no `` pause '' . 
  you sound like you probably would n't like it . 
  do n't worry . 
  if you set up the tactics correctly , you absolutely never have to switch control from the main character ( except if you die ) . 
  i too dislike controlling many characters , but i loved da :o . 
  played through on hard with appropriate tactics , so on normal it should be pretty easy . 
  i agree ck2 is fun , but definitely does n't sound like what the op 's looking for . 
  played all . 
  played it , amazing game . 
  played most of them . 
  except ... it is ? 
  pretty long way to go , the wall could be near the top . 
  if the target tries switching lanes , you 'll probably make it faster if you go through the top rather than him running all the way to the bottom and back up . 
  double trouble wall jolly cooperation on both sides ? 
  played it . 
  it was pretty good . 
  wow you really uh ... took your time eh ? 
  i finished my first blind playtrough at 27 hours , and i found at least 95 % of stuff ( all optional areas visited , all bosses killed , all shards found , etc etc ) . 
  ds1 with dlc took me 40 hours to beat the first time . 
  ds2 with dlc 50 . 
  same . 
  just gim me more soulsborne ( also bloodborne on pc please ) . 
  hm ... i heard that `` the ending is a mess '' and that it also has the `` telltale illusion of choice '' problem . 
  i added an edit to specify only pc games . 
  i 've watched a playtrough of until dawn though . 
  so death actually matters . 
  eh ... there will be emulators ... someday ... hopefully ... 
  edit : omg it does n't work . 
  haha hunter2 my motherhunter2ing hunter2 . 
  haha what do you see ? 
  yeah man i legit feel bad . 
  like ... it was cringe , but this is a bit much : /, 
  dude same here . 
  i mean i watched nl like 5x more than i actually played but still , i got 1001 % you 'd think i should know this . 
  played arcanum , another amazing game . 
  undertale was alright . 
  too many annoying characters for my taste and also the whole `` friendship beats everything '' part was ugh ... flowey was awesome , especially at the creepypasta part . 
  never had any issues playing any ds game with mouse and keyboard . 
  the precision of the mouse can not be matched . 
  i can not imagine playing anything with a controller . 
  kb&m  controllers . 
  do n't think so . 
  i played a lot of racers , and admittedly very few fighters , but not at one point did i think `` this would be better with a controller '' . 
  keyboard is just perfect . 
  fucking hell , if you go to a subreddit for discussing the game and do n't expect spoilers you 're the one at fault . 
  i did n't open this subreddit until i was done with the game because i used common sense . 
  i could argue about this particular example , but i wo n't and will instead point out how ridiculously stupid mods are being about `` muh spoilers '' . 
  dreamchaser 's fucking ashes ? 
  really ? 
  i could bet my entire life on the fact that given a game to play , i would perform much better with mouse and keyboard than with a controller , no matter what genre it is . 
  yeah that 's what i was afraid of . 
  yeah , that 's why i specifically say `` not telltale '' in the post . 
  yeah , that . 
  how do i switch the 2 buttons around ? 
  yeah , and unless i 'm blind ( possible ) it 's not there , that 's for keyboard only . 
  oh shit man , i am embarrassed about how stupid i am . 
  thanks a lot . 
  not applying , but what did you have in mind with the simple program ? 
  what should it do ? 
  ds2 feels the most like a `` game '' out of them all . 
  less immersive . 
  but i still prefer 2 to 1 , because of the gameplay , and also the take on hollowing is really cool . 
  or ... i made a fucking comment saying what i mean , somewhat deep into the comment chain , on a rather old thread even , that i expected will only be seen by the guy i replied to ... 
  so basically `` yo i ca n't be assed to make a story , let these guys go fucking crazy over it '' . 
  i really am glad i do n't care about the story too much . 
  the guy that transforms into the monster after the second bonfire in high wall . 
  there 's no story to understand , 95 % of it is left ambiguous for people like you to feel superior about when you make your own headcanon . 
  conspiracy ? 
  now you 're making as much shit up as people do when `` figuring out '' ds lore . 
  hint : big difference between story and lore . 
  these games have a story of an n64 game . 
  it 's the lore that you fanboys are orgasming about . 
  and yes , they are figuring all that shit up .
