  do you expect me to go looking through evidence for something i will have absolutely no say in ? 
  if i was to actually bring the axe down myself , obviously i 'd be a bit less lax in giving out death sentences . 
  it 's on the dudes that are punishing him to `` prove beyond all reasonable doubt '' he did it . 
  not on me . 
  i 'm saying if it was proven , i 'd be in support of a death sentence . 
  and yeah , you did n't give a `` yours '' , but you probably have one no ? 
  my answer to `` there 's more than 2 extremes '' was `` of course '' . 
  i actually like the combat in origins . 
  so i just took an hour and 10 minutes to beat bleak falls barrow ... i sure hope it gets better soon . 
  so i just took ~ an hour ( with a little bit of stealth training ) to beat bleak falls barrow ... i hope it gets better soon . 
  thanks for this advice . 
  wow . 
  it helps out so much . 
  unfortunately i picked icewind , so it was useless in bleak falls barrow ( took me an hour and 10 minutes to beat , i did level sneak by walking into a wall a bit , so real time may be a bit lower ) . 
  yep , did it for the claw . 
  i trained sneak a bit by running into walls next to draugr . 
  i did die a few times but i would n't say i `` save scummed '' . 
  i spammed my spells and just ran backwards to kill the draugr , it 'd take a decent amount of time for each one . 
  killed a few by making them run into the spike trap ( for some reason the pressure plate for that one was invisible , killed me the first time ) or the swinging axes trap . 
  mom 's knife is actually one of the best items in the game , and one of the few you could argue wins you the game by itself ( seriously , it does decent damage even with no other items ) . 
  does fozar do some stuff other than `` reqtify '' everything ? 
  mainly worried about `` changes to archmage robes '' that i intend to wear . 
  out of curiosity , what did it change ? 
  and what 's the `` scourelord '' i read about ? 
  hm , i never knew about those 2 mods . 
  if i was to download cor ( and its ' patch ) and kfr ( and the 2 mods it patches ) , and nrm 's patch would i need to uninstall requiem first ( as it says on the mod pages ) , then install the mods and requiem again , run loot and then run the reqtifier ? 
  or is running the reqtifier not necessary since these are patches . 
  edit : if possible in detail , i do n't want to fuck something up . 
  unclear about the whole `` activate this patch '' that it says in nmr description . 
  dude holy fuck i would not find a single one if you were n't pointing them out with your character . 
  they 're rare as fuck . 
  i did n't see a single one in who knows how many hours of playing ab + . 
  i saw `` 2 item room '' rooms a couple of times though , and i mean actual 2 item rooms , not a choice . 
  man , i 'm no stealthgamerbr , but that footage was lacking . 
  wait , what ? 
  how 'd you find it out ( seriously asking here ) ? 
  where 's the prison in dishonored 2 ? 
  i recognized the dunwall tower almost instantly , but i never saw the prison . 
  you have no idea how much you just blew my mind . 
  completely missed that door every time . 
  and here i thought i knew basically everything about dishonored ... that 's why i love this game so much , you discover something new every time . 
   knowing what he believes in, 
  can i get an example ? 
  only achievement which is easier to do as the lost than any other character . 
  sooo ... ironman from d2 ? 
  oh , i played skyre a bit , and there you basically have to pick an element ( ca n't get other perks ) . 
  i guess taking both wo n't harm . 
  oh yeah , i 'm pretty well versed in killing stuff . 
  on my nihilist run i killed a guy at addermire ( one of the two guards near the watch tower ) by making him walk off a cliff and it did n't count . 
  yeah i always played with fire , and lightning is so fast compared to it . 
  you play mages pretty often you say ? 
  where would i easily get master destruction robes ? 
  i got the expert ones quite easily for 250 gold by murdering the guard at the college , but i 'd like master ones . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  a vampire i take it ? 
  care to be a bit more specific ? 
  heh , alright . 
  thanks :d i may get lucky like i did with bfb ( did it at like level 3-4 ) . 
  spell absorb perk ? 
  % chance to absorb the entire spell or absorbs % off each spell ? 
  they sleep at night ? 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  watch nl ( northernlion ) to see how he does it . 
  killed the 3 skeletons , one with bow sneak attack , others with firebolts . 
  then i killed one vampire with bow sneak attacks , ran , but then i guess the other vampire resurrected him . 
  so i used invisibility to sneak by , grabbed the robes , and ran the fuck out . 
  yay . 
  killed the 3 skeletons , one with bow sneak attack , others with firebolts . 
  then i killed one vampire with bow sneak attacks , ran , but then i guess the other vampire resurrected him . 
  so i used invisibility to sneak by , grabbed the robes , and ran the fuck out . 
  yay . 
  lmao that 's nothing . 
  i got a buddy that 's going 15 + years . 
  yeah , as an ex-nice guy , it felt really bad to see support for basically everyone that has mental problems ( people with gender dysphoria and stuff like that , and before you rake me over the coals , i 'm not saying anything pro or against them , but their brains are messed up and that 's that ) , and then everyone 's just like `` oh yeah the guys who are bad at socializing and getting women , yeah just fuck them '' . 
  dude . 
  that is so fucked . 
  mostly from them but shit , you as well . 
  indeed , just keep going at it , and eventually you wo n't have to reset so much . 
  i remember i used to do that occasionally , reset for a damage upgrade or something . 
  now i 'm pretty confident in saying i can win at least 99 % of runs . 
  inb4 plan c. 
  heh , look up `` nihilist run '' . 
  god that was horrible , i never want to do it again . 
  can someone explain what the last one does ( i mean , i guess it multiplies by 2 , but elaborate ) ? 
  how hard is bruma ( with the reqtification ) ? 
  so vampires are weak ? 
  infamy is n't really a guarantee . 
  it is . 
  deffered rending is false . 
  i 'll try unsafe memory hacks . 
  why is it not a permanent solution ? 
  yeah , game showed an error as soon as it launched if it was true . 
  i have task manager always open while playing skyrim cause otherwise i ca n't alt tab out . 
  does n't have to be task manager but it 's lightweight so i choose it . 
  i am using onetweak actually . 
  and i am using crash fixes . 
  yeah . 
  also i tried to `` clean '' my save right now , and it says there 's nothing to clean . 
  yeah the latest version . 
  r7 260x,
