  tomato , tomato . 
  i said in the first sentence they 're both his . 
  i 'll just ignore you know because you clearly wo n't stop . 
  i thought that meant the `` secret unlocked '' popups . 
  well , i 'd say they should definitely try . 
  a couple of years ago ( like 3-4 ) i was the dude that thinks entire conversations about what he is going to order , and then still feel like shit after i order because `` someone must have been laughing at me , even silently , i must have said something wrong , or in a weird accent '' . 
  any time i did anything wrong and someone started yelling at me i just blanked out and wanted to die . 
  forget talking to girls . 
  pretty sure i had ( and very possibly still have ) some form of ocd because any time i blinked i had to blink first 4 more ( equaling 5 ) then after a couple of years 9 more ( equaling 10 ) and then eventually 10 more ( equaling 11 ) times otherwise i would feel very bad . 
  but eventually i just said fuck it , and actually went out of my comfort zone . 
  now i feel much more free , and talk to people without issues . 
  because i hated the way i was and decided to change , instead of just letting it stay that way and blame it on mental problems . 
  now of course i may have been a milder case ( though i certainly did n't feel that way ) but you should try . 
  also , alcohol helps . 
  op never delivers . 
  i want a domination victory so i think i may be worth it to capture cities . 
  is the penalty larger for capital vs normal city or whatever ? 
  challenge ? 
  really ? 
  it 's just annoyance if anything . 
  i do n't think it 's that unreasonable . 
  i often get 25-ish runs . 
  with azazel you could get even faster ( i know nl did a 15 min run , and he 's nowhere close to being in the top ) . 
  you know you 're fucked when ghost baby 's your trump card . 
  yeah i did that , but i want it to only skip my animations . 
  not the ai 's . 
  and do n't forget the yo ho ho 's . 
  but ... the effect is so good ... mom 's heart/isaac/blue baby become a joke . 
  really ? 
  i dash through the first two and then bait the third one . 
  works as well . 
  well he can just hold down ctrl for like half an hour . 
  i think the shit shinji did to her predates any of the 3 routes , and has therefore probably happened in all 3 ( ergo ubw as well ) . 
  hm , if you die on a normal run before the chest , is n't it a loss as well ? 
  while the number may be excessive , you do n't have to be a dick about it . 
  as the lost :d, 
  dude i understand what you wanted to say and it 's still not funny . 
  yeah man , his strategy game is bad but his dodging is so good . 
  oh do n't worry , it 's normal to be bad at the beginning . 
  this game is actually supposed to be hard . 
  here 's some tips :, 
  1 ) use [ this site ] ( http://platinumgod.co.uk/rebirth ) to see what the items do ( if you do n't mind being spoiled ) . 
  some items have very unclear ( or even misleading in some cases , * cough * experimental treatment * cough * ) descriptions and if you know what they do you may do better . 
  2 ) learn the secret room placements . 
  look it up , and if you still do n't get it i can explain in detail . 
  3 ) make sure to give yourself the best chance possible to get the deals with the devil . 
  do n't worry that they cost you hp , almost all of them are worth it . 
  4 ) do n't go to deals with the angel until you erm ... something something meat boy . 
  if you want to be spoiled on that you may ask . 
  5 ) try out different characters . 
  azazel is a really easy character . 
  but it 's kind of like a bandaid fix . 
  it 's easy to win with him , but because he does n't use tears your knowledge may not carry over to isaac . 
  6 ) the game indeed gets harder , but that is only after you defeat the floor 8 boss ? 5 ? 
  ( not sure exactly ) times . 
  i think you 'll get a pop up saying that `` everything is terrible '' . 
  7 ) practice makes perfect . 
  i do n't remember the exact number but i think it took me like 30 tries in vanilla to beat the first `` final '' boss [ mom 's foot ] ( / spoiler ) . 
  now i 've 111 % - ted the game . 
  8 ) you could try watching northernlion . 
  he 's a very good player . 
  not the best , but i 'm afraid you may find some of the other `` better '' ones a bit more boring , and they also like to do breaking runs , which i 'm sure would not interest you at this point yet . 
  it was even worse in vanilla if i remember correctly . 
  was slower . 
  or that could have been the slot machine ? 
  erm ... the entire video ? 
  i think a x5 damage multiplier +15 damage on top of that would make the item very , very good . 
  kind of like in vanilla ( i believe it was like 60 damage there , so 3.5 ( isaac starting damage ) x5 + 15 = 32.5 , about half of what it was , but with the ability to scale way more ) . 
  i believe it 's not tiny planet , but anti gravity . 
  could be both though . 
  the card sounds terrible for use in almost all situations where you have familiars , but god damn is it realistic . 
  it 's really not that complex though . 
  it 's the worst on day 1 when you 're making all the decisions . 
  i safely ignored at least half the ui in my very first game , which ended in a world conquest . 
  i 'm talking about what they 're referring to ( ck2 ) . 
  it may at first , but it 's worth it . 
  i 'd recommend you watch some videos . 
  i too felt it was daunting at first , but after like 30 videos i went in myself and did great . 
  you can also see it at http://platinumgod.co.uk/rebirth . 
  just change it to be sorted by `` item id '' instead of `` alphabetically '' . 
  it 's a very old joke . 
  thanks man . 
  well if you wan na be fair , blackjack is the game with the highest chance of success , if you know how to play it ( though the house still comes out ahead ) . 
  if you know how to count cards though ( and not get caught doing it ) you can actually come out ahead . 
  and just so this is not completely off topic , i kinda agree that it 's not fun to see 5 blue baby runs in a ( every 3 runs ) row . 
  i 'd rather ensure you do n't see the same char over and over again . 
  i ca n't find the actual post right now , because it was way back , but everyone was basically shitting on the bride and the groom for `` daring to ask for gifts '' . 
  so , when i said i 'd agree , a dude comes and calls me a bad person , and even said i was selfish ( for saying i 'd rather get no gift than a bad one ) . 
  my point is usually just this : if i ask someone for something ( ie those lists ) , and they get me a different thing that i do not need , i 'd rather they give me nothing . 
  if i asked for a pc , and got a mac i 'd just be pissed . 
  `` be happy you at least got something '' - no , i literally have no use for what you got me , just give me money , or nothing instead . 
  i agree . 
  if you are n't getting me what i asked for , just give me ten bucks or something . 
  it 's fine . 
  yeah smaller things do n't really matter but i 'm talking about occasions like birthdays and weddings and stuff . 
  hm ... i 'd rather go with, 
  azazel  isaac  judas  cain  blue baby  samson  eve  lazarus  maggy  you know who . 
  yeah so , if there 's no renegade options available in that conversation , but there are paragon points , can i freely get those paragon ones without it affecting intimidation ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  that 's exactly why he 's first .
