  risk vs reward . 
  i very much hate taking risks . 
  fallout 3 and nv could definitely be played this way , there 's no sprint button , and the fucking movement speed is as fast as walking normally . 
  i was blue on / r/thebutton and i 'm red here . 
  praise be to our lord and savior . 
  i mean ... if you call that running ... 
  nah , high school . 
  also if i was hypothetically working that 'd apply for one day . 
  i 'm thinking like a week . 
  i do have to be sick because otherwise it 'll be `` what are you doing home you lazy bum '' . 
  i can see that being true , but it 's very false in my case , as i have fucked up bad with my choice of a school . 
  skipping an entire year ( assuming i would still get good grades somehow automatically ) would probably not affect my future too much aside from math . 
  but that 's not the point of the question . 
  eh i probably wo n't scale it . 
  i saw something similar pop up when i entered some other forest map . 
  i 'm not a fan of scaling in games , i find it breaks immersion . 
  if i took my time leveling , i want to feel strong . 
  i tried that and i have regular keeper . 
  the only challenge i would call `` luck '' is speed . 
  most of the others are pretty good , with brains being a rather annoying one , but not pure luck . 
  reduce enemy hp , add difficult attack patterns . 
  it 's not fun to shoot at the `` black silk worm producing thingy , that splits into two when it dies '' for about 2 minutes , because you 're not really doing anything smart . 
  just shooting . 
  love it . 
  maybe an estus flask-esque one ? 
  i imagine it as a spacebar item . 
  refills all health , can be used 5 times before it disappears . 
  i have played f4 , and am disappointed to say the least . 
  would n't call it a bad game because i certainly had fun , but it 's a bad fallout game . 
  base building was fun , and i had a decent time figuring out how to wire up all the tv 's and stuff , but not what i am looking for . 
  yes . 
  that stuff appeared in new vegas as well . 
  eh , i do n't really care too much to be honest . 
  i like the `` rpg '' part of fallout so much more . 
  that 's why f4 was disappointing , and why i think new vegas was amazing . 
  yeah , that one sounds nice as well , if possibly difficult to implement ( as i do n't believe there 's a spacebar item that works that way in the game ) . 
  yo , why is that bot not working ? 
  but , she would not know about all that stuff ? 
  then it does not work in 100 % of the situations . 
  should be added to the list . 
  yes . 
  your buddy should seek help . 
  kill yourself . 
  the `` powerful '' elizabeth does sure , but from what i understand she lost all memories of that in ep2 ? 
  i just entered act 3 as level 11 , while having a full party . 
  surely i could reach 16 alone by that point with the exp not sharing and +50 % xp from empty party slots ? 
  well i ca n't confirm i finished all as there may be some i have missed , but i have explored every area thoroughly , so i 'd say i 've done most . 
  some quests could certainly not be soloed , you are correct , but maybe the higher level could make up for that ? 
  and lastly , ok , i did not have all 6 companions from the start , so i 'll put the `` overall shared xp '' to x5 . 
  then , let 's say there 's a lot of quests i ca n't do solo , so i put `` shared xp '' to like x3 . 
  and then if some quests do n't share as normally , let 's just put that to x2 . 
  that still puts me near the `` cap '' and then you add the 50 % xp boost from having empty slots . 
  lucky for me i , am not american . 
  from what i see from the internet , they 're pretty cucked , less so than sweden though . 
  people like your buddy are very much hated in my country , and i am glad for that as i do not have to see them . 
  also you 're implying there 's something wrong with being harmful towards faggots . 
  lgbt '' + '' ? 
  do you include identifying as ketchup in that + ? 
  hm , i assume then that the `` xp received from quest x '' is actually a far smaller number than what i am shown , and is only increased like that because i have party members . 
  i thought i had tested it by completing a quest and seeing if the xp shared ( which it did ) . 
  however i thought quest_reward was always x , the number shown on the screen , and then gets divided by party_member_count , while if i understand you correctly x would be a far smaller number if i was alone . 
  terrible item ( the strength of it , i like the idea ) . 
  now , if the tear `` cap '' was reworked ( personally i 'd love it if there was no cap and once you reach soy milk level of tears you just start firing 2 shots at once , ( of course the speed of them would then get reduced , able to be sped up again ) then 3 and so on ) it could be interesting , however not a must get item . 
  sure you could turn brother bobby/sister maggy/ghost baby/other shit familiars into tears upgrades but imagine seeing an incubus with this . 
  what exactly are you doing here again ? 
  0.5 damage up and 1 tear delay down , at pickup and then once for every familiar could be worth considering . 
  1 tear delay and 0.5 damage alone would make a pretty good item , but very situational in case you have familiars you do n't want to get rid of . 
  risk vs reward . 
  a competition with a friend on who can get the best streak , with a bit of help for you ? 
  also , i 'm sure there 's some deaths people would consider just bullshit , so they may not want to count that ( like if you die to a guaranteed damage room ) . 
  kill him with plasmids ? 
  if i saw that happen , i 'd say `` fuck that '' and try to save the sisters myself . 
  binding of isaac is cheating . 
  hell no , i find keeper difficult , but fair . 
  rebirth lost i just ended up alt-f4 scumming on because i spawned inside a monstro on the chest , 3-4 rooms away from isaac . 
  it was basically a won run and then i meet one of the `` nonexisting guaranteed damage rooms '' . 
  if i had been the keeper , sure it would have sucked but i could live . 
  of course , talking about rebirth lost . 
  afterbirth lost is a whole different story . 
  i thought since windows 7 it actually wo n't let you delete it ? 
  or was i misinformed ? 
  eh , i find that i always get bored past the 1500 's -1600 's depending on how bad a nation i 'm starting with . 
  after that i 'm the most powerful country , and it just gets boring . 
  the start is the most entertaining thing for me . 
  if you get offended by something like that , you need to reevaluate your life . 
  i do n't really want unlimited xp , just regular progression while being stupid . 
  i assume you have n't played fallout 1 and 2 then ? 
  if you have , there would be no way you would say something like that . 
  f3 , and f4 especially , have the depth of a puddle . 
  could you list the reasons ? 
  gunplay i 'll agree on , but i never really cared about it much . 
  sure , the conversations `` flow '' better ... but ... come on . 
  you 'll list dialogue as one of f4 's pros ? 
  i very much dislike the new vats . 
  i like the voiced protagonist of course , but it came at an expense of the overall dialogue , as told above . 
  no true good or evil , yet they were all boring and samey in the end . 
  i 'll agree to disagree . 
  i did n't really enjoy the `` destroyed buildings '' everywhere look , but that 's up to the taste . 
  i liked the settlements , but i did not in any way feel like i was `` helping '' . 
  they 're just nameless ( basically ) randoms i set on tasks .
