  dude was like `` yo kill this guy '' and i was like `` no '' , so i go ahead and start leaving . 
  then his daughter catches me on the way out and we do the thing , at which point the entire casino starts shooting the shit out of me . 
  i killed the ones on the top floor ( including the mafia boss ) but bottom part was too hard , i just ran while they took pot shots at sulik and me . 
  how do you `` accidentally '' kill them ? 
  sure , you can happen to hit them , but they all pretty much have enough hp to survive a hit , and you can ask for forgiveness . 
  who the fuck is gon na wait 5 more months :(, 
  raglings take away hp when summoned . 
  boss more aggressive as compensation . 
  358 , thanks . 
  versus mode , matches you with random player , goal is to finish the run as soon as possible . 
  0/10 missed the `` very '' before `` minor '' . 
  [ deleted ], 
  there 's even less chance of getting that . 
  of course . 
  i 'm like 5-6 cm flaccid ( fuck your imperial system , but i assume that 's like 2 ) and 17 erect . 
  i 'm just confused , i was pretty sure everyone 's dick was tiny when not erect , and now you 're telling me it 's 4 inches ( which is 10 cm apparently ) . 
  no , really , that combination makes you immune . 
  a big part of eastern europe ( something like the warsaw pact , and then a bit further ) is very much uncucked ( the people , government is fucked as hell ) . 
  yes . 
  please try me . 
  i am so very much scared . 
  what will i do if someone releases my name on the internet . 
  oh wait , i 'm not even in the us . 
   seriously -- avoid spoilers , enjoy the confusion and mystery . 
  treasure every discovery you make on your own . 
  stay off the wikis and forums until you beat the game once . 
  i 'd definitely recommend looking up stats , and having an `` area progression '' route open ( though this does n't matter for ds3 because it 's all railroaded but for ds1 and ds2 especially it 's needed ) and some basic gameplay related stuff . 
  are you kidding ? 
  dark souls 2 is by far the hardest one ( if you include dlc 's ) . 
  i played ds1 first , and died like 50 times in forest of the fallen giants ( first area ) , on scholar . 
  total deaths ended up at about 175 . 
  ds3 is definitely the easiest by far . 
  rolling is too op . 
  dark souls 1 is in the middle i guess , but more due to how clunky it feels after playing the other 2 . 
  port ai n't that bad . 
  there 's nice guides to configuring it . 
  it 's basically the same as ds3 the way i have it setup ( except the fucking jump button which ca n't really be changed to not be the same as roll ) . 
  that clickbait title though . 
  evangelists of the cathedral . 
  fuck those fat ladies . 
  especially the one above the ladder in cathedral of the deep . 
  also , the fuckers with the cage on their back and the saw . 
  both of these enemies deal so much damage , cause bleeding , and laugh at your silly attempts to hit them . 
  erm ... i ca n't outright state you 're wrong , but i got literally the same dialogue , and i just simulated a witcher 2 save file . 
  i believe that you need to prove the 5 virtues either way , but if you do it all before you trigger the quest , it may seem as if you do n't . 
  exactly why there 's basically none of that stuff over here in eastern europe . 
  we 're too fucking poor to have people care about this shit . 
  this is clickbait as well . 
  the title is interesting enough that people click on it because of it , and the title ends up being a very small part of the story . 
  bucket ` o'salt best flair though . 
  358 , favorite website ... i dunno , i spend a lot of time here and on youtube . 
   april 2022 : seige of istanbul is successful . 
  constantinople reclaimed . 
  this is my wet dream . 
  i drew an alarming amount of dicks in my school days . 
  18 reporting , happily i live in a `` non-cucked '' country ( at least the people are n't ) . 
  what i see on the internet makes me happy we 're not `` the west '' . 
  that 's ... not really a helpful answer . 
  vanilla  rebirth in both graphics and soundtrack , ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ ^ subjective ^ ^ ^ ^ opinion . 
  yes . 
  it does jack all basically . 
  not even close to the original . 
  i have a soft spot for brother bobby in my heart . 
  first mom kill in vanilla was thanks to him ( or at least it felt that way ) . 
  tractor beam i agree , but dunce cap ? 
  `` personal preference '' does not equal `` always good '' . 
  i fail to see how dunce cap is an objective upgrade , considering it just messes with your aiming . 
  inb4 : `` but you get twice the shots '' you wo n't hit almost anything with both of those shots at once . 
  make her start with a new item , unlockable of course , that gives speed and damage the more red hearts you have . 
  passive , +0.1 speed and +0.5 damage per red heart over 3 ( so maggy would get the bonus once at start ) . 
  keeper is the same speed as maggy . 
  i also would n't buff keeper at all . 
  he 's the challenge character . 
  i was all for buffing the lost in rebirth , but that 's cause some rooms ( and bosses ) are just bullshit unavoidable damage . 
  2 chances to get hit fixes that , most of the time . 
  i see this meme spouted by everyone . 
  aside from some rather terrible hitboxes , how exactly is ds2 difficulty artificial/unfair ? 
  yeah , i thought she was absolutely terrible trash tier in vanilla . 
  thought she was pretty good in rebirth , but definitely not my go-to character . 
  in afterbirth she 's top 5 100 % , if not even top 3 , razor buff was so good . 
  try doing it on sl1 . 
  he was easy at other times but god damn was a sl1 run against him terrible . 
  he one shots you with the fucking no telegraphed charge . 
  are you saying that there are no such things in ds1 ? 
  the moveset of the hollows is exactly the same in forest of the fallen giants and undead burg ( just remember the `` swings a knife for like 6-7 times '' ) , and there 's definitely attacking through walls in ds1 as well . 
  just go fight the anor londo gargoyles on some stairs , or the titanite demons . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  at 9 luck you just press w ( double ) every single time , and you 'll clear them out . 
  holy shit that 's still going ? 
  i do n't really ever buy shit over the internet , and i did n't see anyone mention bitcoin in a long long time now . 
  and now you 're telling me if i followed that trend i 'd be rich as fuck ? 
  i use it to do peaceful kebab removal as serbia ... and maybe expand the borders a bit to include the entire world . 
  still would . 
  why not both ? 
  / b / , / pol / , / fit / , / r9k / here . 
  odd combination though for sure . 
   not having dynamic ip adress, 
  come on , it 's c u r r e n t y e a r, 
  13 votes from my country ? 
  the shame .
