  again , absolutely no need to start insulting . 
  you should calm down . 
  that much rage ca n't be good for your health . 
  the game is known for the difficulty . 
  that 's well known to everyone . 
  so removing the part it 's known for is not a good decision . 
  and i am 100 % sure it would be way more enjoyable to die 20 times and beat a boss , rather than just turning the difficulty down and facerolling him . 
  which is also clearly what the developers think . 
  that is their artistic vision . 
  and that 's why they wo n't add easy mode . 
  ... if anything i want a hard mode ... ds3 was way easier than the other 2 . 
  so ... you want to play a game . 
  famous for its ' difficulty . 
  and you then want to remove that ? 
  to do what exactly ? 
  learn the lore ? 
  that shit is about 10x harder than actually playing the game . 
  you wan na enjoy the graphics ? 
  i mean , the game 's pretty looking , but there 's way better games for that . 
  you want to `` explore the world '' ? 
  there are so many games out there , way better suited for that . 
  and also , the game 's pretty linear , there would n't be much exploration going on . 
  i fail to see what exactly would be your intent if you played on easy mode . 
  also , seems like you calmed down a bit . 
  that 's nice . 
  however i do n't really feel like arguing with you anymore . 
  so i 'm disabling inbox replies . 
  goodbye . 
  huh ? 
  i did n't draw out true strength , and i completed her questline . 
  she goes hollow in the end so i mercykilled her . 
  i definitely killed wolnir before even finding that area , and anri was still alive and waiting for me in irithyll . 
  yes you do . 
  that however has absolutely nothing to do with drawing out true strength , which is what the other guy was saying . 
  i found it cause of all the messages . 
  it may be known to you , but i bet a lot of people that do n't visit reddit did n't know it . 
  same here , for whatever fucking reason , the entire past week i 've been getting the `` saddest girl on the internet '' video . 
  like ... shit i guess the youtube algorithm finally worked for once in its ' life since i actually find the dude hilarious . 
  thank you youtube . 
  i was talking about vaati 's videos ... you have all these psa 's on reddit , who 's gon na tell someone that does n't visit this place and only visits youtube ? 
  also , yes , it does say that in the game . 
  but it requires making a connection between `` this thing restores a pitiful amount of fp '' and `` you only need 1 fp to actually do something useful with weapon skills '' . 
  like , it may seem easy for you to connect the dots , but we 've got messages on subway ads saying the sandwiches are not actually that exact same size so ... 
  love the fact it says `` 9 '' on there , like he did it 8 times before that . 
  ... are you fucking serious right now ... 
  he seemed to have forgotten everything though . 
  did n't recognize the giant blacksmith , and i do n't remember if he mentioned gwyndolin . 
  [ just ... ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=oneitis ), 
  getting this would be a dream come true . 
  [ here 's the id . 
  my favorite boss fight ? 
  well ... it has to be the lich king from wow-wotlk expansion . 
  like , in wc3 and during the entire expansion you see over and over just how much of a badass he is , and he was my favorite character either way . 
  he messes with you multiple times during quests and dungeons . 
  he 's in the coolest instance i 've ever seen . 
  and the boss fight is of relatively decent difficulty , having like 4 phases . 
  in the end , after you bring him to 10 % hp , he again shows how strong he is and one shots the entire raid , and explains his plan of how he was actually just testing you , and now wants to resurrect you for his undead army . 
  unfortunately for him , tyrion fordring intervenes , having managed to unfreeze himself , and shatters the lich king 's sword , releasing the thousands of souls within , allowing them , and us , to get revenge on arthas ( the lich king ) . 
  i remember literally jumping around the room when i beat him for the first time . 
  it was awesome . 
  i just want more difficult areas/bosses . 
  i do n't care about the lore too much . 
  so i pretty much do want more ds . 
  you 're literally the worst kind of a human being . 
  the condescending kind . 
  especially because i 'm sure your idea of a 4channer is just you projecting . 
  ah ... the ds2 hate bandwagon says hello ... 
  ds2 is better than ds1 for me . 
  as someone that does n't care about the lore too much ( i just look up videos ) , i loved the new mechanics introduced in ds2 . 
  it was also way harder than ds1 , at least the dlc 's were . 
  how exactly is playing an archer `` cheesing '' ? 
  like , i would n't do that cause it sounds boring as shit , but it 's not cheesing . 
  not . 
  irithyll is amazing , and i loved the dungeons ( the fact you do n't expect jumpscares makes them all the better ) . 
  and what are the worst bosses in the game from the dlc 's ? 
  and why ? 
  dsmouse fix made the mouse pretty great . 
  again , why ? 
  recolored smelter demon , and the gauntlet preceding it , has to be one of the hardest areas in a souls game . 
  double tiger things were a pretty cool fight , again with an incredibly hard gauntlet before them . 
  gank squad was basically a 1v3 pvp . 
  except you could still cheese them . 
  pretty easy . 
  am i the only one that liked adaptability : /, 
  it makes sense you 'd have to train to get good at dodging ( leveling adp ) , rather than with a magic ring , or by simply getting naked . 
  i 'm simply viewing it from an rp perspective . 
  my character starts out weak and gets stronger by leveling . 
  not by getting naked . 
  ok , you are free to think that . 
  i found the tigers great . 
  and i also loved fighting smelter again since i summoned lucatiel always for the fire version to progress her questline . 
  your first point is irrelevant , as sl1 runs are done in every souls game . 
  soul memory is pretty shit . 
  rather than make the levels feel interconnected , they showed you the entire continent , or at least that 's the way i see it . 
  from what i understand , we go all across the land , it 's just not conveyed very well . 
  and i 've almost never used health gems . 
  not the same . 
  equip load is in ds2 as well . 
  lightning was nerfed since the release , and everyone can play however they want . 
  i pointed out that people do sl1 runs to prove that just because there 's an optimal way to play , does n't mean it 's the only one .
