  you do n't tell a person with anorexia how good they look and that they should embrace it and be proud of it , you try to help them . 
  send them to my country ... they 'll soon be changing their minds . 
  the reason we do n't have such delusions in serbia is because we have ** actual fucking problems ** other than sexually identifying as a helicopter , and tendies . 
  i believe it probably will , because your save file contains information that is n't in rebirth . 
  gameplay ? 
  sure . 
  but i still like flash look better , and the flash soundtrack is fucking amazing . 
  it 's a gfycat thing . 
  there 's even some website that makes your url really fucked up . 
  edit : google shadyurl . 
  it does n't matter how polished it is if i hate the art style . 
  flash  rebirth in graphics still , such is my opinion . 
  not really . 
  i do n't speak native english and i understood it . 
  he 's somewhat right . 
  but he 's being a cunt about it . 
  also , for rebirth you only have to kill stan once . 
  from the gameplay footage , seems whatever power it is that `` links the fates together '' , is almost half a mana bar for 1 person . 
  lana del rey - born to die, 
  i 'll assume overwatch . 
  dark souls 3 . 
  because of the difficulty , and the engaging multiplayer . 
  was n't a bad game per se , but it was a terrible fallout game . 
  what was once an rpg series with dark humor is now basically far cry : fallout edition . 
  nowhere cause poorfag . 
  probably the dark and scary country of the netherlands . 
  i do n't really want to go anywhere , to see anything , but i could go visit my friend over there . 
  ~ ~ tell hitler not to invade russia ~ ~ . 
  just kidding , probably go warn everyone about/prevent ( warn if i go back in time as is , prevent if i actually get powers ) the ottoman invasion . 
  see kiddo , philosophers basically do what you and your friends do when you talk to each other , except they discuss more serious topics . 
  [ steam id ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/celicni/ ), 
  ... why do you people do that ... 
  `` omg i have 2 downvotes i must announce to the entire world how upset i am '' ... 
  i 'd say it 's so hard because of all the absolute useless horseshit items you get ... 
  and ok , you like hush/ultra greed . 
  but you 're definitely in the minority . 
  if i have a crazy overpowered run i wan na feel overpowered dammit , not take as long to kill the hush as i do with any other run . 
  i mean , i 'm not a faggot but that guy appears good looking . 
  how do you even stoop that low : /, 
   / fit /, 
  why am i not surprised, 
  [ obligatory . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krcdmbc0hhs ), 
  not a year faggot . 
  a fair amount of threads on / pol / are actual discussion you could see here as well , just with a right wing view of things . 
  the rest , is not satire . 
  like ... just run around ? 
  i literally can not think of something else , i just do that , never get hit by it . 
  the legs during the phase where he 's in the middle are rng bullshit . 
  ~ ~ nothing ~ ~ not much is luck based in the challenge , except mom . 
  merely a very different playstyle . 
  i love this challenge . 
  like i said , merely a different playstyle . 
  buy hearts from shops ... a lot . 
  as for your specific example , i will give another example i bet you 'd consider `` luck based '' . 
  i was in the flooded caves , and i met the `` 4 walking hosts + turrets '' room . 
  they would n't get up at all and kept walking towards my buddy . 
  so , instead of yelling `` omg luck based '' i just bombed out of the room . 
  inb4 `` no bombs '' : you get a fair amount every run . 
  do n't use them in unnecessary ways . 
  buy them from shops . 
  you 'll get a shitload of consumables either way because you can fly . 
  also , i am not sure , but can the spear of destiny not break red poop ? 
  if it can , just pop it ( and i think it can ) . 
  if not , do what i did above . 
  not every room is gon na be walking hosts/red poop . 
  like i said , the only part i 'd consider rng bullshit is mom ( because you ca n't really protect yourself ) . 
  but you can kill her fast so she should n't take off a lot of health . 
  yeah , the spikes thing ( if it 's still there because i believe it was fixed very shortly ) is a bug . 
  not an intended feature . 
  go see for yourself when you pick up isaac 's heart . 
  as for red poop , like i said , i believe it can pop poop ( wiki says it works exactly like mom 's knife without the throwing , and mk can pop poop ) . 
  or , bomb out of the room . 
  am eastern european , can confirm . 
  that mentality is why it took you so many tries . 
  rather than thinking `` i should n't be forced to change my playstyle because of this bullshit '' , think `` how do i change my playstyle to beat this '' . 
  i beat the challenge on the second try , first death was on the womb 2 where i lost 6 hearts out on nowhere because of spikes ( which was a bug that got fixed , woulda won otherwise ) . 
  won second try . 
  have since then done a 3rd attempt and won that one as well . 
  i accept mom is bullshit , and something should be done about that . 
  a few other rooms may be as well . 
  but monstro ? 
  he has like 200 hp , if you stick the spear in him instantly he 'll die fast . 
  if he jumps for whatever reason , you 'll take half a heart of damage max . 
  health should n't be low , since you 're not going for deals with the devil unless they 're crazy good . 
  not denying it does n't have some form of unavoidable damage . 
  there 's a chance you 'll roll all 1 's and get fucked . 
  but sounds like it happened to you way more times than is probable . 
  [ here , i just did it . 
  i foolishly picked up bob 's brain , and that fucked me . 
  i used ehwaz to skip mom 's foot ( that helped out a ton i believe ) . 
  that allowed me to enter womb 1 with full red hearts and 2 black hearts . 
  they helped out a ton , because i happened to run into scolex . 
  and i got ta admit , that was a ton of horseshit , but he died pretty quickly , so he hit me like 4 times . 
  mom 's heart was very easy , bob 's brain actually helped once since it let me snipe the eye on the other side of the room therefore letting me keep protecting the heart . 
  then it fucking hit the heart when it came back ... 
  i also rushed like hell , though in this challenge that could actually be a viable tactic . 
  yeah , and i picked up toxic shock on the womb 2 ( not that i can prove it in any way , but you know there 's no item rooms , and you can see 6 boss rooms items before it ( 2x basement , 2x caves , 1x depths , 1x womb ) . 
  so it was only there for a tiny little while . 
  you ca n't do much about mamma gurdy but you 're implying the fucker will just keep walking into her .
