  i am not sure there 's a room where you 're guaranteed to take 2 damage ( bosses like ddl excluded ) . 
  was about to say this . 
  you spared me the trouble . 
  they can identify however they want , they 're either male or female . 
  all they got ta do is look between their legs . 
  there 's a few invincibility frames . 
  assuming decent skill you should be able to pick it up most of the time . 
  sp certainly increases your chances of winning by a shitload . 
  right . 
  i 'm edgy for not supporting mentally ill people . 
  inb4 downvotes . 
  it matters when they start bitching at people to `` use their preferred pronouns '' . 
  it 's like me asking everyone to call me `` dr '' even though i am nowhere near close to that . 
  it 's fucking stupid , is it not ? 
  and actually , i do have a crazy `` genderbenderfeminist '' chick in school , except she 's too shy to do anything other than look at you like a piece of shit when you call her a she . 
  also , most `` normal '' `` transgender '' ? 
  those 2 do not compute . 
  huh , i was expecting this to drag on . 
  thanks for finishing it as i never do . 
  and i do n't really wish to talk further as nothing will change my mind that those people are delusional . 
  also chat sucks for in game advice . 
  charisma for fallout new vegas ? 
  really ? 
  you need to max ( 75 % i think actually ) it to unlock all the slots , and that gives you 4 `` points '' in there so you need to spend 8 overall to have 12 . 
  however you can do a `` ng + '' with your character and max the bar again , and in ng + you keep all the talents so you can get 4 free points again . 
  you need to do 3 full playtroughs with the same character to max intimidate/charm without spending any points . 
  in mass effect 2 there 's no intimidate/charm talents and instead your `` amount of times you used renegade response '' lets you do intimidation/charm . 
  sunday sub stream , scum did n't upload it to youtube : /, 
  you can watch the past streams on twitch . 
  shitty player though , and no 2x speed option ( which is how i usually watch nl ) . 
  nah , sounds pretty normal to me . 
  he sounds weird as shit on x1 , like he 's constantly high or something . 
  also there 's not really much to talk about on a daily as they 're all similar :, 
  `` oh we got ta do boss rush and hush , sacrifice rooms are important , no i wo n't take this item because it 'll make me have less score , haha mathas sucks , oh no eluc beat me ... straight up ... '' . 
  so ... can someone explain this ? 
  i understand it 's read right to left , but i 'm really confused . 
  i got that part , i watch nl , and i know the whole mathas shit talking . 
  i still do n't understand what the fuck is going on . 
  dude stopwatch was too op . 
  i do n't know why , but i felt insane rage when i kept reading `` forget me not '' over and over . 
  until i looked the lyrics up i was 100 % sure that 's what she said . 
  yeah , i do n't have issues not getting hit by it twice in a row . 
  but has anyone found a strategy to consistently dodge it , without getting hit once ? 
  not moving does not work . 
  getting close to him does not work . 
  he 's all over the screen . 
  op took too many one makes you larger pills . 
  somewhat new to souls series here . 
  beat ds1 twice . 
  currently playing ds2 . 
  awaiting ds3 . 
  i am currently wearing it . 
  it is in my hand . 
  apparently this was it . 
  which is weird since i stopped attacking as soon as it said `` weapon at risk '' . 
  i was so sure it was n't broken . 
  durability in this game is crazy : /, 
  also i quit on the chariot after like 20 tries . 
  he one shots me . 
  any cheaty way to beat him ? 
  i read about the poison arrows but i only have 20 and they take off like 10 % of his hp . 
  well , he was n't an issue on ng , but after i used the ascetic if he hits me he one shots me , and the skeletons take off about 25 % hp , and stagger me . 
  yeah that 's the one i was thinking about ... damn . 
  why ? 
  the range on weak attack is amazing ( main reason i loved it ) , the attack is relatively fast if you hit , the heavy attack is like a bladestorm that destroys everything around and it does pretty ok damage . 
  i do n't really understand what you 're trying to say , but 20 is all i can get until gavlan sells me unlimited amounts . 
  i just quit and i 'll be back with many many more arrows when i get an unlimited amount . 
  the 10 % was from all 20 arrows . 
  not 1 . 
  because i used a halberd in ds1 . 
  if i 'm not using a halberd i may as well use something totally different . 
  hm ... it really is very similar ... for a few moments i actually thought it was it . 
  but it 's probably not . 
  or my memory is really bad ( it was a very long time ago actually ... 5 + years for sure ) . 
  hah , i wo n't ever use a weapon called partizan :d personal reasons . 
  partizan is a serbian football team , a rival of the team i cheer for ( if that 's how you say it in english ) . 
  i thought different weapons have different durability no ? 
  i read something about hitting corpses reducing durability faster also . 
  also something about number of frames inside the enemy affecting durability and greathammers spend a lot of time inside the enemies . 
  well ... i do do a lot of pancaking ... still seems too high . 
  i meant either or . 
  like for example i see zweihander has less str scaling and more dex , which i do n't have a lot of , so maybe raw would be better . 
  that 's why i asked and posted my stats , because i 'm sure you experienced people can tell whether it 's better to go +10 or raw . 
  eh , they feel kinda similar tbh . 
  have n't actually used them too much . 
  do n't really have a `` favorite moveset '' like i had in ds1 ( why did they ruin my halberd :( ) . 
  yeah man :( i knew there was going to be an ambush when i saw a glowing item , but i thought i could beat it . 
  the 4-5 dudes that dropped down made me fall off into the water , but i did n't care ... i got my halberd ... nope . 
  ruined . 
  eh , i guess i could just wait for the `` combo '' to stop between pokes so it can be similar , but from what i can gather from the wiki , it seems to be in one of the last areas of the game :(, 
  man , i have not once played that stupid game without trying to get skatole/counterfeit penny . 
  i 'd rather skip an item room than play it . 
  subtle bragging . 
  nice . 
  ot : i 'm pretty sure my last thing for rpg was counterfeit penny . 
  fucking sworn protector for 1001 % . 
  what 's up with the top comment saying how this sucks ? 
  it 's a worse dry baby , which is still pretty good . 
  speed starts at around 1 . 
  max is 2 .
