  now the only thing that 's left are some stupid chinese programs , and one of them is apparently an antivirus . 
  it blocks almost anything from being installed ( we got to this point due to him needing to install daemon tools , but that does n't matter ) and is a general pain in the ass . 
  it 's in a folder called tencent , and no matter what the fuck i try to do to it it wo n't fucking uninstall or delete . 
  i went and googled how to delete folders that say you do n't have permission for it , followed it properly , and it still wo n't delete as it says access is denied or whatever ( i guess if it 's an antivirus it wo n't let itself die that easily ) . 
  i 've got 2 questions :, 
  1 ) i 'm having crazy stuttering at seemingly random times . 
  it 's not unplayable when it happens , but it really breaks the immersion . 
  my graphics card is amd radeon r7 260x , and the only stuff google comes up with is fixes for nvidia . 
  director 's cut . 
  i already disabled practically everything i could find in the options menu and it 's still stuttering ( which is odd when i look at both the `` minimum '' and `` recommended '' specs . 
  2 ) i just finished the first actual mission ( in that warehouse or something , where at the end there 's a dude holding a black woman hostage ) and i 'm kinda confused as fuck . 
  game seems cool ( stealth kinda odd to me since i just finished dishonored ) but i 'm not understanding any of the story . 
  what 's the `` typhoon '' i was retrieving ? 
  who were those dudes that broke in ? 
  stuff like that . 
  if you can explain the story up to now without spoiling any future events that 'd be great . 
  1 ) archer is shirou from the future in an alternate universe ? 
  so he 's more experienced , and he 's a heroic spirit , so we can assume archer  shirou . 
  so how come archer ca n't beat berserker , yet shirou took off 9 of his lives ( basically 3/4ths of the way to killing him ) , even if he did have archer 's hand ( so like a 5th of archer if we 're being generous ) ? 
  i realize in fate he was wounded , but in ubw he and saber are fighting him together . 
  2 ) can someone explain , in simpler terms , why archer let shirou win against him ? 
  i understand he talked him down , but all that talk about ideals just went over my head . 
  amazingly , i understood the `` you may be correct but you 're not right '' part but almost all before and after that i did n't . 
  is there any way ( or mod ) to have the heart in daud 's missions ? 
  i do n't like his way of finding runes ( if it at least showed them no matter how far they are i 'd be ok with it ) . 
  do you use the emperor on the cathedral or the chest ? 
  you all know what i 'm talking about ( when you save the card specifically for late game ) . 
  it popped into my head and both seem like valid answers ( quick items vs harder rooms ) . 
  what determines if you were good/neutral/bad ? 
  i was a pretty big piece of shit during the game , killed a lot of people , stole from innocents , yada yada yada , yet at the end jensen says `` have n't i , more often than not , go the hard but right way , never seeking power '' ( definitely not the exact words , but something similar ) . 
  is the `` scumming boss rush multiple times '' definitely fixed ? 
  because i swear i ca n't do it in my game , and i read about it on reddit , yet there 's a dude on youtube that just uploaded a video showing him scumming it twice . 
  do all of the neutrals you interact with count for the `` ghost '' criteria ? 
  i 've done all the dlc missions except the last one , and i was unable to get ghost in a single one . 
  this is pretty strange , since i save scum a lot , and reload every time i 'm seen . 
  or maybe it 's people seeing dead bodies though i do n't see why that would be the case . 
  i did n't check out the `` quick access wheel tutorial '' and now for whatever reason it keeps popping up every time i reload the game . 
  anyone knows how to fix it/disable tutorial ? 
  can someone give me the optimal trade setup using [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/7gr2ae ) map ? 
  i 'm making really shit income and thought trade might boost it . 
  should i switch the merchants around ? 
  should i build more ships and where should they protect trade ( and it 'd be even better if someone can explain to me how to calculate if it 's optimal to make ships for protecting trade ) . 
  so ... my 14 year old `` ruler '' has a. . .14 year old heir . 
  something 's kinda off . 
  unless of course you could consider that his brother , in which case how do i stop that kinda thing cause i do n't need 2 rulers dying in quick succession . 
  have any requirements about dishonored ii been released ? 
  because the ones currently on game-debate seem kinda ... not legit . 
  i 'm annexing ... i dunno some kinda random ass country with 5 provinces . 
  they are pretty high base tax though . 
  and it says it will take approximately 50 years . 
  that does n't seem normal . 
  how do i speed it up ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was on ps1 . 
  it 's a game where you dig stuff ( i ca n't really recall much more than that . 
  the view was from the side so you could see the entire level at once . 
  there were ladders . 
  i do n't really remember what the goal was , but i remember it had exactly 50 levels . 
  something weird is going on with my colonization . 
  the stuff i used to be able to colonize within 300 days is now taking me over 1000 . 
  and that 's the coastal provinces . 
  for some reason the inland ones ( that used to take 1000 ) now take like 600 . 
  anyone knows what 's happening ? 
  ps : i 'm playing 1.9 version for my converted ck2 game . 
  why am i not eligible ? 
  i 'm serbia , my ruler is not female , and i am a monarchy . 
  i 'm orthodox though , but i thought that should n't matter if i vassalize the electors ( which i did ) . 
  which wars give that bonus score modifier ? 
  what 's with that message ? 
  if i understand it correctly , it 's saying that you can have either university ( not the - tech one , the +50 % tax one ) or the cathedral , but not both . 
  thing is , to build the cathedral i first had to build the university , and it remained there after i built the cathedral . 
  what 's the message referring to ? 
  could i possibly achieve this ? 
  i want to annex a 9 county vassal , a 2 , and 2x 1 county vassals . 
  could i start the annexation process in a way that will annex them all at once ( and leave me with -12 rep but who cares about that ) ? 
  i think it 'd be nice if we had the option to skip the animations ( such as from book of belial or black hearts ) . 
  they 're nice the first time , but they kinda get boring after a 1000 times . 
  in today 's nl episode , he has book of belial with 9 volt and aaa battery , meaning he can use it once per room , but he does n't because the damn animation takes too long . 
  so , as you may expect , the whole game is confusing as shit to me . 
  so i 've got a few questions :, 
  1 ) which civ should i start as ? 
  i 've played 2 games so far and started both as alexander . 
  2 ) can someone explain the culture victory ( in brave new world ) for me ? 
  3 ) can i get an optimal starting strategy ? 
  do n't worry about `` ruining my enjoyment of self learning '' , tried that , did n't like it . 
  i 'm sure someone came up with some . 
  of course i guess that may depend on the kind of victory you 'd want to get , so suggest the easiest one ( though i 'm kinda inclined towards domination ) . 
  4 ) is the temple of artemis rush thingy viable ? 
  alternatively is the great library rush viable ? 
  been doing that so far in the 2 games i played . 
  thanks . 
  so 2 questions :, 
  1 ) what must i do so ai accepts my ally proposal ? 
  we 've got caravan trades , normal deal trades , embassies and still nothing . 
  2 ) how do i not get everyone mad at me ? 
  i took 2 cities and everyone got pissed and denounced me . 
  i saved and took the 3rd and everyone declared war on me . 
  i mean yeah the obvious answer is do n't take cities , but i 'd kinda like to . 
  1 ) can i somehow see ingame how much a tile will cost to cross over ? 
  i know i can kinda devise it if i send them further and see how long it takes per turn , but is there a way to see it just by mousing over the tile ? 
  2 ) can i skip only my animations during combat ?
