  so how does pendulum work ? 
  and personally i prefer slow games myself . 
  whenever i played i 'd fill my deck with so many effect monsters/trap cards/spells , about 5 strong monsters , and 2-3 analrapeeverything monsters . 
  so slower games let me draw the op stuff . 
  wow . 
  all the `` til 's '' and `` psa 's '' mentioned around here are all the stuff i already know . 
  this is the first one that is actually new to me . 
  thanks . 
  i do realize that . 
  however on this subreddit those 2 are basically interchangeable . 
  even if the op just wants to share he found out something new , chances are someone else will not know that . 
  wow . 
  what the fuck did they do ? 
  i feel like someone saying `` vanilla wow is the only good wow '' but that kind of gameplay sounds really stupid to me . 
  i like long drawn out matches , where you can see a big summon coming , and react to it . 
  not whatever the fuck that dude did in the video by summoning about 10 monsters in 1 turn overall . 
  i can get as high as i want and never have a bad trip ? 
  and if i get punched in the face i get invincible?sounds good to me ( virgo ) . 
  if you ca n't shoot through the rocks diagonally i do n't think you can . 
  there 's a lot of stuff on here that i consider meaningless to post ( like the meaningless bloat circlejerk when there 's way harder and unfair bosses ) . 
  but i do n't bitch about it . 
  just downvote and move on . 
  i assume the `` rush '' bonus is for boss rush and hush ? 
  if he did n't do those i could have believed it . 
  and then you get holy mantle on a daily , and 0 damage run becomes pretty easy ( at least compared to normally ) . 
  but ... i like those posts :(, 
  i watch every single isaac video the second it 's released ( 15:00 and 18:00 my time ) , but i dislike dailies . 
  when you watch as much of nl as i do you 're not watching it for the game anymore , but for the commentary . 
  and dailies commentary is just `` oh we got ta do boss rush and hush and self sacrifice rooms , score score score , haha mathas sucks , eluc beat me , i 'm sorry i ca n't take x item on a daily / ca n't reroll my run on a daily '' . 
  almost none of the insane ramblings and stupid decisions that i like . 
  edit : and i forgot a very common one : `` we 're gon na be in the top x percent '' . 
  if it 's the one i 'm thinking about , watch nl . 
  used to give me so much troubles but after watching him i can beat the room with like 90 % consistency . 
  the `` step on 3 buttons with the moving spike cube thingy right next to them '' . 
  it blows my mind how for the first week or so of afterbirth i never got hit on that room , and now i just ca n't dodge them . 
  fucking spiders have too much hp . 
  2 ) flooded caves . 
  black mulliboom spawners and black worms have even more hp . 
  3 ) dank depths just cause it 's ... meh . 
  depths is the original , necropolis is the `` hard '' version and i do n't see any difference in dank depths . 
  4 ) utero because it 's harder than womb and i like the scarred womb . 
  i would n't change anything about the way it 's moderated . 
  some people are going to like the posts some others will be screaming about . 
  i , for example , hate the needless bloat circlejerk ( when there 's much worse bosses ) but many others seem to love it . 
  and then as seen in the comment below is a guy complaining about ironic shitposting , and i love posts like that . 
  i was saying please no scarred womb as well , but for different reasons . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ fucking ^ ^ ^ ^ hush ^ ^ ^ ^ crash . 
  may i ask , what exactly grosses you out about the scarred womb ? 
  on a glance ( because i do n't really look at walls while i play ) it looks to me like there 's bones on the walls . 
  not uncommon , i saw more people say stuff exactly like yours ( they ca n't explain why but it grosses them out ) . 
  i just really do n't understand it . 
  egg cause he 's bald . 
  so his head kind of looks like an egg . 
  scum is from an nlss where someone fucked him over hard i believe . 
  he screamed something along the lines of `` ahh you scum !, 
  i ca n't believe you would do that to me ! '' . 
  too difficult to explain ( at least for me ) . 
  very much unrelated but i read the title as `` stalin '' for some reason and was momentarily confused . 
  chat sucked soo much for new vegas . 
  max charisma ? 
  come on . 
  i think i actually came a little bit when i installed usp . 
  for so long i wanted to do blood on the ice , but it got fucked up for me in so many ways . 
  if i remember correctly ( it 's been a long time ) the following stuff happened :, 
  1 ) i totally missed the dead body scene so it disappeared after a while . 
  2 ) stormcloak guards got replaced by imperials which would n't give the quest even if the body was there . 
  3 ) trail of blood also disappeared so i had to google the correct house . 
  4 ) after looting the house and finding everything i still could n't talk to anyone about the quest . 
  i tried so many console commands and nothing worked . 
  when i installed usp it magically did . 
  thank you usp . 
  fun : d4/100 . 
  practicality : d4/100 . 
  seriously . 
  i used to think they were horrible items . 
  but if you 're relatively skilled , a single reroll ca n't fuck you that badly , and you eventually will get something awesome . 
  tfa is so obvious with this shit . 
  a nigger and a chick as main characters ? 
  come on . 
  i 'm suggesting you 're a fucking faggot that 's putting words in my mouth . 
  i actually liked the nigger . 
  the chick was kinda hot but nothing special in the acting department . 
  but yes it matters because the movie would have been way better if it was the default white male protagonist as i 'm sure more people could relate . 
  there 's a reason that 's the default for a hero . 
  solution : kill all faggots . 
  homophobia solved . 
  if you 're in murrica perhaps . 
  over here not ** fit ** = automatic -1 on the scale . 
  even nl knows that . 
  every daily should be to the chest/dark room so score is n't determined by sacrifice room gambling . 
  though if it were up to me i 'd remove score altogether and just have a time leaderboard as score incentives a very specific type of play . 
  i 'm sure everyone 's sick of hush and boss rush by now . 
  i do n't think you can get a 100 % correct answer here ( i 'm on the fence but if i had to choose i 'd go with mega ) but i 'd take mega because it 's cool as heck . 
  i hated it . 
  had to get a `` always +5 '' mod to be able to play ( because i just could n't if i leveled sub-optimally ) and even then it was a pain in the ass to level a stat once per level ( as you had to get an increase to be eligible for the +5 from the mod ) . 
  if 2 people do the same thing , the one that does it faster is better , no ? 
  and do n't say `` oh but what of the quality of the work '' . 
  the end goal is seeing the ending . 
  it does n't matter how you got to it . 
  edit : and besides , if it was only time based , then it would be 100 % skill based .
