  well ... it 's a given people would be saying he to a guy and vice versa ... that 's not really `` caring '' , merely natural talk . 
  also even with gwyndolin , do you have any proof how people talked to him ? 
  dude 's weird in general , he has tits . 
  i literally saw this today . 
  why do i think he 's got boobs ? 
  yeah i think it 's one of his `` 10 things you did n't know about dark souls '' videos , not sure . 
  took me 20 tries to solo nameless king . 
  first time i had to put on lightning resist gear/use consumables . 
  i killed pontiff first try . 
  soloed every single ds2 boss . 
  am i gud yet ? 
  compared to ds2 , ds3 is so easy . 
  my biggest issue with the game . 
  wish every fight was nameless king difficulty . 
  exactly the opposite here . 
  i ca n't 100 % objectively comment on ds1 , as it was my first souls game , but ds2 raped me repeatedly . 
  i had like 175 deaths through all the game and all the dlc 's . 
  ds3 was so easy in comparison . 
  stuck on connecting to peers forever . 
  well sure , if we were provided with a version of the events/whatever else , i 'd be satisfied . 
  sure i could be lied to but that 's ok . 
  but we 're not given practically anything on most stuff . 
  why did pontiff come to irithyll ? 
  what has caused the whole `` convolution of old lands together '' ? 
  what started the undead curse ? 
  how are the untended graves possible ? 
  why does the nameless king attack us ( assuming he 's not crazy/hollow which he should n't be as a god ) ? 
  etc etc. 
  i mean , i can definitely see the appeal in piecing things together , and i 'll provide a fresh example i just found off my 3rd playtrough :, 
  i never really gave much thought to `` oceiros , the consumed king '' . 
  first playtrough i thought it was just a random ass dragon or whatever , that was a king of his race at some point . 
  because he was in the `` garden '' i did not at any point think `` yo this guy could be the king of lothric '' . 
  i assumed the king would be in the throne room . 
  and then third playtrough i read the description of the divine blessing and figured out who he is , and that ocelotte is his daughter ( i thought it was his lover or something when i fought him ) . 
  that part , i really really loved and enjoyed . 
  the part i do not enjoy however , is when stuff is n't 100 % confirmed . 
  from the descriptions of the divine blessing from ds1 and ds3 , a youtube comment thinks it 's implied gwynevere is the `` queen of lothric that was married to oceiros '' . 
  and that could be true , seeing as it 's the same item . 
  however it is nowhere near confirmed . 
  and that 's the part of dark souls lore that i very much dislike . 
  or ... you just got ta git gud ? 
  i did not at any point feel anything in ds2 was `` cheap '' , apart from the incredibly stupid durability problem . 
  more enemies ? 
  not cheap , it 's a legit tactic . 
  homing attacks from enemies ? 
  you can literally do a 180 \u00b0 with a greathammer bigger than your body , mid attack . 
  unblockable attacks , such as the bite in this case ? 
  look at the god damn size difference between you two . 
  infinite stamina ? 
  flat out wrong . 
  mfw eastern europe . 
  wages may be shit , but at least we 're not cucked , and can hate furries/trannies/faggots as much as we want . 
  if you were a faggot that acted faggoty in here , there 's like a 95 % chance you 'd get the shit beaten out of you . 
  engineer sounds terrible , because tech 2 is terrible . 
  like the rest though . 
  i wo n't quote cause cba but each paragraph responds to your own . 
  shitty clone ? 
  your personal opinion . 
  i liked it more than ds1 . 
  i play for the gameplay , not the sad excuse that is the story . 
  forgettable ? 
  to you maybe . 
  i sure as fuck remember ds2 bosses . 
  i have never once encountered such a situation . 
  whenever there were multiple enemies , simply adjust based off your weapon . 
  if you have a dinky little sword , roll and then quickly stab one . 
  if you have a greatsword , get them all to attack you , backstep , and then swipe them away . 
  and again , never once have i felt that ds2 was cheap . 
  more enemies is n't cheap . 
  enemies all have certain `` combos '' they do . 
  you attack when they finish one of theirs . 
  and finally , realism is not irrelevant . 
  unless previously established , it is assumed everything in a videogame corresponds to real life . 
  it 's established there is magic in dark souls , so that is not weird . 
  it was never once established the universe breaks basic rules of physics . 
  edit : i just realized what comment chain i 'm responding to . 
  you could not solo all ds2 bosses . 
  we 're done here , i 've no more to talk with you . 
  disabling inbox replies . 
  have a nice day . 
  go even crazier . 
  like that guy that beat ds1 with his voice . 
  no , i was actually thinking of placenta ( in place of stigmata ) for some reason . 
  siegward saves him if you do that . 
  in all 3 playtroughs i killed patches immediately and gave the armor to siegward , and greirat always lived . 
  i did the bit with hawkwood after i beat nameless king . 
  jokes are supposed to be funny . 
  i 'm missing that . 
  getting that gear early was great . 
  helped her fulfill her purpose . 
  then mercykilled her when she went hollow . 
  best ending . 
  i always speak to anri before killing wolnir , and not afterwards , and never once have i had her not show up further on . 
  yeah i would probably think that as well ... except ... i can never fucking find patches in the cathedral . 
  3 playtroughs later , i still have no fucking idea where he is in there . 
  i always just met him at the tower . 
  can someone explain step by step how to meet patches in the cathedral ? 
  the lore is vague even after researching the items and dialogues because so much was unexplained . 
  how does anri relate to the cathedral of the deep ? 
  i never saw her there .
