  poland joins allies , and that brings a shitload of them vs the axis . 
  at this point i feel safe against italy ( i had troops on their border the entire time except for conquering bulgaria ) so i decide to go conquer hungary . 
  it joins axis , non aggression thingy is broken , and for some reason allies declare on russia . 
  so now it 's commies vs allies vs axis , total clusterfuck . 
  i am now unfortunately at war against germany . 
  so fuck it , i send all my troops , knowing i 'll get destroyed ... except i do n't . 
  my troops absolutely decimate them , and a year into the war i make germany capitulate . 
  now , of course , soviets helped a shit ton , but my own troops absolutely destroyed germans . 
  my simple fucking infantry , with no air support cause they destroyed all 500 of my planes , destroys germans . 
  i can only wonder , how does this happen ? 
  is it affected by difficulty and it just was n't shown on the selection screen ? 
  also , does this whole `` allies vs axis vs commies '' thing happen often ? 
  seems a bit crazy . 
  i know some games like to have separate subreddits for different games ( like dark souls , separate one for ds1 ,2 and 3 ) . 
  will we still be using this one , or will someone make a new one ? 
  did he finish that game ? 
  where can i see streams of it ? 
  i looked in both `` highlights '' and `` recent streams '' and ca n't find anything . 
  i went into programs , clicked `` change '' on avast , unchecked avast safe zone ... and now it 's reporting me some http error and i ca n't uninstall it ? 
  why would i need to connect to a server to uninstall the damn thing ? 
  how would i fix this ? 
  i know the chances of it happening are basically 0 , but could a potus theoretically win by 1 vote ? 
  not american so if you 'll excuse my ignorance , but i see people saying he picked pence to `` pander to the far right '' . 
  why would he need to do that ? 
  do they not support him ? 
  even if they think he is `` too left '' for their views , the alternative is crooked hillary , as even i as an outsider can see a third party candidate has 0 chance of being picked . 
  so why not vote trump ? 
  anyone got the highlights from the convention ? 
  was n't able to watch . 
  is there a way to do this . 
  if possible , on the pc . 
  i have a very big problem . 
  just started playing dota , and am still somewhat new ( level 9 , but somehow i managed to level up from 6 to 9 in just one match and i played like 6 games yet no lvl 10 , what 's up with that ? ) . 
  i think i play reasonably well in lane as i 've played lol before , in fact i usually end up winning the lane , scoring a kill or two . 
  my problem is around the mid-game , if someone on my team died a bit . 
  the enemies get strong , and then during the mid-game i always die a lot to the fed champs . 
  so at the start i would have been like 1/0/2 , and the teammate 0/4/0 , yet by the end i am usually the first in deaths . 
  wherever i go in order to farm or whatever i always get caught out and feed them even more . 
  what to do during mid-game ? 
  ... escapes from the golden cat ? 
  like , she says she `` knows the way '' , but she has to get past weepers , guards and the wall of light . 
  how does she do it ? 
  i 'm sure you 're all familiar with prenatual 's nihilist runs . 
  well , i 'm not quite as good , so i did a `` pseudo '' nihilist run . 
  the rules of the nihilist run are :, 
  - very hard difficulty . 
  - aggressive stealth ( detection up to level 3 is allowed as long as i get ghost rating ) . 
  - no powers , including the blink power available by default a.k.a. 
  mostly flesh and steel . 
  - no weapons or gadgets ( lethal or non-lethal ) . 
  - no pickups of any kind ( runes , charms , loot , consumables ) , except for keys or when forced by the game . 
  - no equipment upgrades , like stealth boots . 
  - no kills or knockouts ( except for main targets or unless required by objective ) . 
  now , the only way it 's a `` pseudo '' is because i had to knockout the following :, 
  2 guards in coldridge prison next to the bomb gate . 
  2 assassins at the very beginning of the flooded district . 
  2 guards in the last mission , because for some reason one of them just got stuck and would n't move at all , no matter how long i waited . 
  most of you probably wo n't care , but i still wanted to share . 
  now ... on to a killing spree to calm myself . 
  is this possible ? 
  when i double clicked to open the file it turned on dark messiah of might and magic for some reason , and then the game just froze . 
  so i just did a high chaos playtrough of the knife of dunwall . 
  at the end you fight billie lurk and kill her right ? 
  as i was about to kill her , i blink on top of her , and suddenly the game freezes for like 10 seconds and `` billie lurk spared '' pops up . 
  so ... i guess i spared her then ? 
  as far as i know you 're supposed to kill her in a fight so i have no idea how this happened . 
  why is this a thing ? 
  i wanted to try out a new hero , and to not totally suck with him i went into a bot game first . 
  all 4 players were bots that just farmed jungle . 
  i just left because no way i can win solo against 5 as ogre magi . 
  so i try again , and again i get 4 bots , so i leave just about ready to just go into unranked , when i see i am in low priority . 
  alternatively , why the fuck are there so many bots in coop matches , and why does n't valve do something about it ? 
  it occurred to me that i have a way smaller monitor than average ( 1920x1080 ) . 
  am i somehow at a disadvantage because of that ? 
  do i see less stuff on the screen , or is everything scaled ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i was messing around with ccc and clicked something about scaling . 
  my screen goes black and can not display this video mode , change computer display to 1280x1024 pops up . 
  except i ca n't do anything as i ca n't see what i am doing . 
  how to fix this ? 
  with the new dlc coming soon , i wanted to get back into ds3 . 
  that would mean i 'd have to get the new patch . 
  do i have to download all the patches 1 by 1 or can i just get the latest one ? 
  from what i gather , both fear and loyalty seem to give bonuses . 
  is it viable to intentionally raise both in party members ? 
  also , are the items in the `` spire '' and `` other '' tab safe to sell ? 
  lastly , any mods out for the game ? 
  specifically i 'd ask for the one that was in pillars of eternity that allows moving at the same pace while you 're sneaking as you are when you move normally . 
  like ... sure ... cheating . 
  but i intend to spend literally all the time sneaking so i can find as much stuff as possible , it would just save me time . 
  [ removed ], 
  ... turbo is the challenge speed should have been ? 
  ... bloody mary ? 
  i beat turbo no problem , but this is basically the old lost . 
  one mistake and you 're dead . 
  and you ca n't even r scum for holy mantle . 
  in going after the `` alternate floors '' , if you 're not going for the knife pieces ? 
  if you miss the first one , any reason you 'd go to the other ones ? 
  they just seem harder for no reason . 
  i keep seeing something about the `` updated '' version of antibirth .
