  ** i 've pretty much mastered telekinesis , can do it easily at will , but i tried to blast someone with a bunch of water in one of the dreams and first time just blue paint came out . 
  second time it worked , but telekinesis always works so i dunno how that works . 
  then on the other hand , i 've had some dreams where i immediately realized i was dreaming , so they were rather long , and i was able to talk to other people , tell them this was a dream and erm ... do some sex stuff by just removing clothes at will . 
  should simple water not be easier to do than removing clothes ? 
  ** also , can you people wake up at will ? 
  ** a week ago i had a horror dream where i realized what it was before anything scary happened ( it was dark as hell in my apartment and i saw a man looking at me , talking in some weird voices ) . 
  immediately went nope.jpg and closed my eyes in the dream , but opened my eyes in real life . 
  it was weird really . 
  ** finally , was this experience i had sleep paralysis ? 
  ** woke up in the middle of the night , totally unable to move my body , and because i read about this beforehand , kept my eyes tightly closed . 
  i did n't hear voices but i can swear a hand was touching me on the back . 
  immediately started moving the fingers on my legs , and regained movement within seconds . 
  the `` hand '' feeling disappeared . 
  but does n't sleep paralysis usually come before dreams , not after , and does it not include creepy voices ? 
  i remember actually playing it a year or two back , but i just kinda stopped . 
  now i want to get into it again , so i have a few questions :, 
  1 ) can someone give me the optimal stat build for a soldier/guardian ? 
  i 'll most likely be using a double bladed lightsaber , and i 'd like to use some powers . 
  except , having not played too much before , i do n't know what stats are important for powers ( i 'll most likely put str at 15 and then buff it to 20 throughout the game , but i do n't know what to do about the rest ) . 
  2 ) does the double weapon feat or whatever it is actually do anything ? 
  i heard it basically does nothing , but it does n't matter anyway because the 2 handed lightsaber is bugged and does n't give you the - hit chance . 
  3 ) is it important to go all light/dark side ? 
  i generally like to play a `` renegade shepard '' type of character . 
  does ultimately good deeds , but does them in not so good ways ( by being an asshole , punching people , basically the end justifies the means ) . 
  4 ) any important stuff i should watch out for ? 
  do n't really want to spoil myself too much , but i do n't want to miss some easily missable , yet important stuff ( like the fucking backpack in da :o ) . 
  i know you can change some stuff with gibbed 's editor , but it only takes effect when you import into new game ( which i do n't want to do ) . 
  what i want to do is change conrad 's `` intimidated '' flag to `` charmed '' so i can see the correct version . 
  and maybe change the ucn mad scientist or however it was called so that the all lived ( cause i saved them all ) . 
  1 ) do guppy and the mulligan stack in some way ( because as far as i know guppy spawns more flies than the mulligan so i thought maybe they do ) . 
  2 ) what 's the difference between contract from below and humbling bundle , aside the name ? 
  so today , i wanted to watch something on youtube , and i could n't log in . 
  it would n't load the login page . 
  now it has started happening with videos . 
  they take like half a minute to load ( not on the bar , the page itself ) . 
  using google chrome ( latest version ) and windows 7 . 
  i 'm from serbia and my buddy ( also in serbia ) is complaining of slow youtube as well . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm playing cherokee , and am in the middle of westernizing . 
  it 's going pretty well so far , except my game without fail crashes on the first of june 1616 ( or 1617 not 100 % sure ) . 
  i see no events pop so i 'm unsure as to what 's causing this . 
  any ideas/possible fix ? 
  so playing as cherokee i 'm finally westernized in the year 1625 ( kinda late i know but the freaking europeans did n't even appear before 1550 ) and now ... i do n't know what i should do ? 
  i ca n't fight norway/uk or their colonies ( cause they 'll bring the aforementioned in ) because they 're all the way on the other continent ( plus the whole `` higher than me in tech thingy ) . 
  just colonizing seems pretty boring . 
  i do n't really have experience fighting countries on another continent . 
  this will probably get buried in the afterbirth hype , but can someone upload a properly converted rpg save ? 
  by `` properly converted '' i mean no missing unlocks/post it notes . 
  what do you guys think of the new challenges ? 
  most of them were n't too hard . 
  played them in order and if i died i went on the next one . 
  xxxxxxxl : was n't that hard , just a slog . 
  still finished in under 30 minutes thanks to some good items ( also i got curse of the labyrinth in the womb , the floor was massive ) . 
  speed : this fucker is crazy hard , i must 've tried at least 5 times . 
  did n't pass it . 
  edit : beat it now with 6 minutes remaining . 
  had guppy from floor 2 + ipecac + compass + infestation 2 . 
  blue bomber : was n't too difficult considering you can bomb your way out of the rooms . 
  i heard there was a bug with satan not taking kamikaze damage at the end so i saved a chaos card and killed him ( his feet , the other 2 phases were taking damage ) . 
  pay to play : kinda challenging , got a clutch emperor card at the last moment when i had < 10 cents . 
  isaac fight took so long though . 
  have a heart : it was pretty easy . 
  if you do n't die at the start you should be fine . 
  i rule : mom 's knife ? 
  yes please . 
  fucked myself up by taking libra , but still not too hard . 
  brains : this is another one that i did n't pass . 
  is the goal dark room ? 
  fuck that . 
  also with only 3 brains some rooms take forever . 
  edit : finally passed it , took 39 fucking minutes . 
  had the nail and the stopwatch . 
  lemon party pill for isaac p2 . 
  i do n't know how you are supposed to do this without the stopwatch . 
  pride day : kinda challenging , you can get screwed by some combinations ( and that fucking ring worm ) . 
  onan 's streak : another moderately hard one , but satanic bible saved me . 
  the guardian : i expected this to be absolute hell . 
  it was n't really . 
  could have passed it on first try if not for the weird bug where i somehow died while having 5 + hearts ( posted the report in the mega thread ) . 
  second try i made it with 2 hearts ( fucker got hit at the last second by mom 's explosion ) . 
  that 4 turret + 4 hosts room literally took away 6 of my hp because the dumbass would n't move and turrets would n't pop so i could n't kill them . 
  mind came in a clutch , i probably woulda failed if i did n't know the entire map from like the caves . 
  you just got ta remember that you are absolutely free to do anything you want , and stay near the heart so you can kill anyone that comes near/intercept bullets . 
  overall this was the most fun challenge . 
  how 's your experience ? 
  does someone know where exactly the hitbox is ? 
  i play at 1280x1024 and i keep getting hit by the bullets mom 's heart spits out . 
  i wonder if i should change it to a widescreen resolution to make it easier ? 
  so now that i got ta kill mega satan with everyone ... anybody got a consistent way to get the 2 keys from the angel rooms ? 
  i had an incredibly op run as maggy and i only got the 1 key because the game kept giving me devil deals . 
  strength card now allows you to take essentially free deals with the devil , if you entered the room with spirit hearts only . 
  since the deals now change , you use the strength card and take an item for free basically ( since you 'd lose that heart when you leave the room anyway ) . 
  this was not possible before because the deals would remain as spirit hearts regardless of you using the strength card . 
  i thought this may be possible , but now i actually confirmed it . 
  oh , and whatever you do , do n't take cricket 's body with fruit cake . 
  had a very unpleasant [ hush ] ( / spoiler ) fight as cain now , as the fruit cake can include fire mind and possibly ipecac as its ' effects . 
  anyone know of a fix to this bug ( where your game crashes when you try to enter hush 's floor ) ? 
  i know there 's a patch coming out hopefully tomorrow that will fix it , but i got a ton of free time now and may not have that much tomorrow . 
  it can unlock mega stan 's door . 
  so , with mega stan now having unlocks , you probably wan na beat him with every character .
