  you just ca n't sacrifice any hearts if you want to get the angel room . 
  did you actually look at everything it took for us to find out about that ? 
  and it still was n't found by logic but by datamining ( though i have no doubt that in a couple more days thousands of people would get it ) . 
  no fucking way anyone 's figuring that one out on their own . 
  thanks dude , this works like a charm . 
  beat both isaac and the blue baby without taking any hits :d ( though i guess mad tear stat and shielded tears helped ) . 
  well , i do n't know about item , but i 'd like a change to azazel 's beam : make it scale with range . 
  too many times have i been hit by explosions because it is so damn short . 
  ah the good ole lv 35 blood mage/arcane warrior with cailan 's armor and blood ring ... was able to solo the harvester ( on normal , but still ) . 
  i intend to play on normal in da2 , so can you recommend a damage spec for me ? 
  also probably should have expressed myself better : i did hear mages can be op as supporters/healers , but can they be op dps ? 
  one more thing : i heard the 7:1 health to mana blood magic conversion gear got nerfed to more like 2.5:1 ( each of the 2:1 pieces turned to 1.25:1 ) . 
  is this true ? 
  til ... 
  well maybe not a guranteed win , but i think it 's the most powerful item in the game ( on its ' own ) at least pre cathedral/sheol . 
  `` unlike bobs brain , and people love that item . '', 
  what reddit have you been visiting ? 
  i saw a thread titled `` official bob 's brain hate thread '' ... 
  i did hear of brimstone and polyphemus , but i think for a new player extra health will help a lot more . 
  it 's obvious is n't it ? 
  beef has locked him in his basement , and has taken over his channel . 
  using a voice changing thingy to make it sound like etho . 
  yes i do thank you , and i understand that i could play infinitely and never get it , but that 's just theory . 
  in actuality i could expect to win at least like 2-3 times . 
  i do n't play that guy a lot , and i do n't think i ever won anything off of him . 
  same happened to me with pavle . 
  i was just looting the hospital , making sure to scavenge , not steal and all of a sudden they went batshit crazy . 
  i restarted the day because that 's just bullshit . 
  i actually think it was completely the opposite , you can not die to either contact damage or the brimstone on satan second form , it must be to bullets ( when i tried this i had the fucking halo of flies that protected me from every bullet so i ca n't confirm that ) but satan 3rd phase stomping definitely works . 
  some commenter below said that they may have fixed seeded runs though . 
  hm , well , i think i 'm just wasting my time , cause the wiki says i 'm converting resources into moonshine for absolutely no profit , just time wasted . 
  i got charged ( anti gravity ) tears once again ... 
  indeed i have . 
  i never said i was n't doing that . 
  i thought it was pretty obvious . 
  and i only wan na do it for meatboy/meatgirl because seriously that is just stupid luck required : /, 
  oh thanks man , you 're awesome . 
  it 'll be right here . 
  edit : could i just send you the files ? 
  that way all the choices will be made for you . 
  rather long list of choices :, 
  stefan amell , male human mage . 
  warden alive and well . 
  romanced leliana . 
  recruited dog . 
  persuaded revered mother for sten . 
  recruited sten . 
  did n't return sword . 
  recruited zevran . 
  did n't recruit wynne . 
  wynne died at broken circle . 
  alistair king with anora . 
  did n't romance alistair . 
  leliana alive and well . 
  morrigan had a baby with me . 
  killed flemeth for the grimoire . 
  gave guard 's lunch to ostagar prisoner . 
  helped cure mabari . 
  helped redcliffe fight . 
  helped redcliffe prepare for battle . 
  connor possesed ( i did the deal with the demon ), 
  bella took over the brewery . 
  helped bevin took sword . 
  valena was saved . 
  isolde sacrificed herself . 
  urn not poisoned . 
  templars supported ( accidentaly , cause of morrigan , but i do n't want a redo ) . 
  first enchanter died . 
  agreed to cullen 's request . 
  peace between werewolves and elves . 
  brought those 2 elves together . 
  killed halaa . 
  brough back the bark . 
  saved deygan . 
  i destroyed the anvil . 
  bhelen is king . 
  annuled the circle and informed dagna . 
  did n't encounter mardi . 
  no son . 
  told flida ruck died . 
  proved the legion of the dead . 
  return stolen tome to shaperate . 
  did n't help burkel create chantry . 
  zerlinda retruned to family . 
  did n't complete lyrium deal . 
  helped orta reinstate her house . 
  killed ser landry . 
  told bann sighard about oswyn . 
  brought lost verses to sister justine . 
  did not complete slim couldry 's crime wave . 
  cleared the white falcons out of the pearl . 
  handled the crimson oars . 
  gave bann alfstanna irminric 's ring . 
  returned amulet to elven beggar . 
  found goldanna . 
  killed marjolaine ( for that sexy isabela 3some :d ) . 
  did not complete master ignacio 's assassinations . 
  alistair and anora rule together . 
  warden killed archdemon . 
  architect killed .
