  i wan na see how much mana upkeep solas should have so he can always cast revive , but the upkeep is in % , the revive cost is in an actual number and i ca n't see the max . 
  is there any way i can permanently increase it , that is either not gear , or a pretty good item that i will probably not be replacing . 
  as it is now it 's kinda ... meh casting spells . 
  is there a list with all the boi : r items , in the order they appear in-game ? 
  i know there 's a lot of lists sorted otherwise , but i 'm trying to figure out which ones i 'm missing for platinum god . 
  for some reason i ca n't see the edges of the war table , and therefore ca n't see missions that are there ( i can still click them thankfully but i have to put a mouse there to see if there are any ) . 
  anyone knows why this is ? 
  maybe a resolution problem ? 
  do the different mana regen abilities stack in da : i ? 
  if i get the increased regen while i have barrier , and have the knight enchanter mana regen , would they stack ? 
  which one is better ? 
  both give attack , and one gives magic resistance ( willpower ) while other gives barrier damage : it just seems willpower is better which is weird because magic has always been the go to stat for mages . 
  got a few questions . 
  first one being : how to know whether a pc part is better than another ? 
  i see stuff like i3 3xxx processor vs amd phenom \u2122 ii x4 black and likewise , and i see no clear way of knowing which one is better . 
  second one being : what do `` cores '' mean ? 
  i see something like i5 dual core vs quad core . 
  i guess obviously more cores are better , but would a weaker processor with more cores be better than a stronger one with only 1 ( i realize some people are probably choking themselves right now due to this probably very stupid question ) . 
  and finally what does ddr ( 3/5 ) mean ? 
  also , sorry if this does n't belong here . 
  what is the best dps mage staff in da : i ? 
  and where can i get it ( is it available at the hissing wastes or should i pray to rngesus to grant me the schematic ) ? 
  also , what would be better , a masterwork or fade touched ( and what fade touched is the best ? ) . 
  kinda leaning towards fade touched because fuck rng with masterworks . 
  also , is there such a thing as a `` masterwork '' schematic or are all schematics the same ? 
  i got a relatively new pc . 
  have it for 2 months . 
  but it has this `` feature '' that i 'm not too happy about : it turns off after like half an hour of not doing anything . 
  but a blue button on the ( box ? ), 
  of a computer starts blinking.when i press the power button it attempts to `` wake up '' i guess and resumes exactly as i left the system . 
  today it just kinda hung on , and could n't resume . 
  restarted , got greeted to a `` windows failed to continue , attempt to continue again or delete continuation data '' . 
  tried to continue and it failed again . 
  so i picked the other option and it worked fine . 
  anyone knows why it may have hung up as it did , with it being relatively new , and maybe do you know how i can disable this `` power saving ( i guess ) tool '' ? 
  here are the specs :, 
  ra\u010dunar altos player pro , h61/intel core i3/8gb/1tb / r7 260x/dvd, 
  purpose : gaming, 
  processor : cpu lga1155 intel \u00ae core \u2122 i3-3210 3.2 ghz, 
  memory : 2x4gb ddr3, 
  hard disk capacity : 1tb , sata3, 
  graphic card : r7 260x oc 1gb ddr5 . 
  edit : i may be a retard . 
  i found the `` power saving '' thing in windows . 
  forgot it even existed because i turned that off so long ago . 
  had the issue with my last pc as well . 
  could those 2 be connected ? 
  so the question of : why ca n't a new pc wake up from sleep is still there . 
  hello . 
  never played dnd . 
  would love to try . 
  so wondering , ** is there a way i can play dnd online , with the dices and all ** ? 
  the dnd online that i found , is apparently just a different version of wow with worse graphics . 
  and i 'm already playing wow , so no . 
  prefferably free . 
  anyone notice random damage to party members ? 
  just now i fought like 4 red templars ( so basically pushovers ) and the dragon tanking cassandra got one shot from 999 health ( lol ) and full barrier . 
  i also recall one other time i was nearing the rift in emerald glades , and both varric , cassandra and dorian lost almost all of their hp with literally nobody attacking them . 
  hello . 
  i am completely new to the game , and would like some tips about starting in duklja . 
  i wish to create serbia , and expand from there . 
  any tips ? 
  i looked up some let 's play from j2jonjeremy on youtube , but he started off as a king of scotland , so the situation is mighty different . 
  i can create a couple of duchies right now , but what is the point ? 
  seems i trade gold for prestige , and it is not that valuable in my opinion . 
  far as i know you get no new holdings or anything , only de jure claims which i already have as the king . 
  how does the price for claiming new lands from fabricating claims work ? 
  does it just keep increasing , or is it related to my overall wealth/whatever . 
  how to do it ? 
  i know i could get a concubine and then have an intrigue event to convert myself , but i 'd like to convert my whole ... realm i guess since i 'm not a king ( yet ) in order to not have the - from different faith . 
  also , would catholic or orthodox be better ? 
  and , can catholics declare holy wars on orthodox ? 
  was aiming more towards orthodox as i 'm right on the border of the byzantine empire . 
  bonus points : how to ruin byzantine from inside without marriages since i only have 1 son and divorced from my wife due to the stupid `` gavelkind only '' rule of slavic pagans : /, 
  greetings . 
  can anyone tell me how i can change the gold cost of fabricating claims ? 
  it appears to be scaling with how much my income is , which is illogical to me . 
  why should i pay 800 gold to claim some backwood petty kingdom ? 
  i tried looking in the `` defines.lua '' part of the ck folder , but did not find it . 
  what should i focus on building ? 
  someone told me keeps are best , but i wonder what are the `` levy '' increases . 
  i get that it 's my army , but what would i actually get with that 5 % ? 
  5 % on all troops ? 
  right now i 'm building barracks and militia grounds . 
  hey . 
  i googled this question , and i mainly got the `` assasinate them '' answer . 
  but apparently that has been removed in some patch and i can not use the services of the mister assasin to kill my firstborn son that is pretty bad . 
  are there any other ways to get rid of him ? 
  i 'm really not above anything that will help me get rid of him . 
  oh and i also ca n't send him to the bishopric or whatever because he 's the heir . 
  i have been trying the `` suicide 100vs1000 army '' plan but he never dies that way and i just keep on losing battles . 
  can someone help me with this ? 
  i am in the process of converting my lands into orthodoxy , and have imprisoned my vassal . 
  when i release him with him accepting my religion , apparently his stupid sister or whatever also accepts this . 
  that stupid sister is also my rival for whatever reason ( maybe cause i killed approximately 10 of her family members in about 5 years ... fools pick the same spymaster every time :d ) . 
  so this triggers the event where my rival converts to my faith , and that for some reason crashes my game . 
  converting her through console commands also does this . 
  so can someone help me with this ? 
  i need either a console command to remove rivalry from her , or to disable this event that is making me crash . 
  so i just had some peasants rebel ... apparently they scale to your army which i think is pretty stupid , but since they 're ... peasants ... i though i could easily beat them with professional soldiers .
