  even if he does , she ca n't be worse than the scolex i got that literally homes into the heart and you ca n't push him away . 
  you eat the damage , and get more hearts . 
  you should have a fair amount as you 're probably not getting deals with the devil on this challenge ( i 'll admit , i did n't get a single one ) . 
  like i said , some parts are bullshit , and you could get fucked , but it should n't be such a common occurrence assuming perfect play . 
  it was the l shaped room with the immovable things that spray bullets out ( dunno what they 're called ) in every corner , the guys with the long ass necks with the head at the end that spins in a circle , and then in the middle is a hole on both sides of a runway , with spikes on the beginning and the end of the runway . 
  i 'm sure you 've seen it many times , usually there 's chests and consumables in it . 
  this time it was toxic shock . 
  i was pretty amazed tbh , shoulda screenshotted it . 
  i have never said the challenge is actually entirely skill based . 
  in my very first comment i say mom 's foot is bullshit . 
  just saying skill can offset the bullshit . 
  and i actually had a fair amount of health coming into mom 's heart fight , i just decided to fuck around in the end and kill her with bombs ( you can see the marks on the ground , i believe bob 's brain does n't leave those ) , hitting the heart in the process . 
  it 's actually incredibly easy to beat mom 's heart with the setup , eyes are literally the biggest problem . 
  the shots are easily blocked , as well as the brimstone ( i was actually amazed at the way they implemented blocking lasers , if you only block half of it , the other half continues unimpeded ) . 
  let me repeat : it is not 100 % skill . 
  but then neither is isaac itself . 
  i 'm sure there 's runs that are practically impossible to beat ( eden start with 1 hp , absolutely terrible damage stats , all you get is range upgrades , and no spirit hearts ) . 
  daddy longlegs , isaac p2 beams and mama gurdy 's spikes are all impossible to dodge bullshit while playing the game regularly . 
  the bullshitometer is just a bit higher for this challenge , due to a couple of bosses specifically . 
  and i 'm not saying i could consistently beat the challenge . 
  but sounds to me like you are on the entirely opposite side , claiming it to be 100 % luck based , when clearly it 's not . 
  now , if it got an ai like you 're proposing , to not intentionally walk into things , ie run away from shit that chases it and not walk into fire , dodge scolex/monstro jumps , and mom 's foot , i could possibly argue it was possible to consistently beat it . 
  edit : `` dudes with heads '' are called swingers , things in the corners are called boils . 
  i could just as easily have gotten a blank card in the shop , and skip everything . 
  or i could have gotten the sun card , which would be the same thing basically ( as i actually did the depths 2 , in an attempt to get more hearts , that paid off when the curse room gave me 2 black hearts ) . 
  claiming a rune drop makes a challenge is entirely luck based , is dishonest . 
  `` not happy '' is a whole lot better than `` fucking dead due to freezing/starvation '' . 
  was n't a golden chest . 
  think you ca n't get toxic shock out of a chest . 
  it was there as a pedestal item . 
  either way , like i said , it was the womb 2 , not like it was there the entire time . 
  it was barely there . 
  and like i said , will you call 1 rune drop `` omg so lucky '' ? 
  if getting an item a minute before ending a run , and getting a consumable drop constitutes as lucky , then i guess i am . 
  read my comment to the other dude , i had a fair amount ( 4.5 or 5.5 hearts i do n't remember ) when i went in , then fucked around with bombs . 
  if you look at it like that , then i am lucky every run for not constantly getting the hardest floor variations , not getting only range upgrades , and not fighting ragman , haunt , bloat and similar bosses . 
  isaac 's heart prevents damage from spikes . 
  it 's a bug . 
  but that 's not even the one i was thinking about , the one that killed my very first attempt of the guardian was the one where the spikes do like 6 hearts of damage at once . 
  isaac 's heart taking damage from spikes is bug # 1 ( that apparently has n't been fixed yet , but i dunno how legit that claim is ) . 
  bug # 2 ( one that fucked me ) was that not only it took spike damage , but you took like 6 hearts of damage from 1 hit . 
  i approve of this choice . 
  left one looks like a slut ( also her face ) . 
  the right one looks the most cheerful there , probably the best one to be around , so marry her . 
  and then you 're left with fuck the middle . 
  in vanilla , like 30 or something . 
  vanilla was way harder . 
  in rebirth killed her first try . 
  i 'm sure i read it just resets the wave in particular . 
  not the entire boss rush . 
  you better watch out for her . 
  however not all of tumblr is like that . 
  i sometimes use it for porn for example . 
  not related , but i am not american and i see this occasionally : what is common core and why is it so bad ? 
   try not to look up anything on the wiki, 
  some people ( including me ) do not find it enjoyable to not know anything to such a degree . 
   plus , you do n't want to have to start all/a lot of your progress over to play afterbirth . 
  saves transfer . 
  op , useful links :, 
  http://platinumgod.co.uk/rebirth ( listing what all the items do ) . 
  http://platinumgod.co.uk/afterbirth ( same thing but includes afterbirth if you want to get it ) . 
  items improve you in some way . 
  they 're found mostly in item rooms ( golden door , do not leave the floor until you open the one on that floor ) and from the boss . 
  keys let you open item rooms , shops , and golden chests . 
  bombs let you ... well bomb enemies . 
  also rocks/walls/doors ( can get more into this if you want ) . 
  coins let you buy stuff from the shop . 
  i 'm aware there were issues at launch ( they affected me as well ) , but i remember reading it was all fixed . 
  indeed . 
  but i think by the time op gets to him , he 'll know whether he wants ab or not . 
  chaffetz is back at it again . 
  this is not a 100 % reliable strategy . 
  it works after you see where the bullets are hitting . 
  before you figure that out you 're liable to getting hit . 
  ... for fucks sake stop with the blm bullshit ... it 's not relevant, 
  no it does not . 
  it works after you already know the pattern , at which point it is useless because you could already have been hit . 
  rng damage is bullshit . 
  i have tried it out . 
  tons of times . 
  i asked the very same question op did like 2 days after ab was released . 
  it does not work consistently . 
  if you can record yourself doing it successfully 100 times in a row , then i will believe it . 
  until then i know what i tried . 
  i have consistently tried it because i have had the exact same question . 
  it does n't . 
  and what exactly are you on about ? 
  you literally admitted up above it works `` most of the time '' ca n't be assed to check exact words . 
  that is not good enough . 
  if you are , that is either a very odd coincidence , or someone else . 
  op asks how to do x. 
  you answer with a `` do it like this , but it does n't always work '' , then everyone downvotes him ( or at least he was downvoted ) to hell because he responds that he does n't like that answer . 
  not fucking cummings again ... 
  based chaffetz tore open comey 's anus . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw it uploaded to pornhub at some point . 
  big locked golden door = item room . 
  need a key to open it and a free item waits inside . 
  small ( looks like normal ) door with a lock = shop . 
  you buy items and consumables here . 
  items are usually 15c , consumables 5c .
