  3/4 you end up attacking the institute 's hq , same end slide etc. 
  in nv the slides were vastly different , same with 1 and 2 . 
  it 's a circlejerk , same as with the bloat . 
  i actually dislike the item . 
  liking them better does not make them objectively better , as your previous comments imply . 
  i do n't like the bloat . 
  it 's just not nearly as hard as the subreddit is making it out to be . 
  inb4 unfair : it 's not unfair , there is more than enough time to dodge his laser when coming in from the side . 
  yeah i found a save editor and gave myself tons of swift learner perks . 
  well nobody 's stopping you from save scumming . 
  i quicksave a lot while playing and whenever i miss something over 95 % i reload . 
  i mean come on , you 're right next to the guy , my grandma would n't miss at that range . 
  that 's power gaming advice . 
  if you want to complete the game fully , you do them all . 
  also , i 'd recommend you do n't play azazel constantly . 
  he is embarrassingly easy , and you 'll be bad at playing other characters if you only play as him . 
  sworn protector . 
  fuck that guy and fuck angel rooms . 
  yeah , we all know what he means , no reason to be so nitpicky about it . 
  this is n't vanilla . 
  there are times when it 's good , and times when it 's bad . 
  that was a vanilla bug where it was based on time rather than distance . 
  in rebirth/afterbirth shot speed does n't matter for lump of coal . 
  at least that is what i believe based off both platinum god and the wiki . 
  i could be wrong of course , but i do n't believe i am . 
  it 's a shit item in vanilla , never take it . 
  i still like flash look more ... and the music especially . 
  there 's synergies that are literally a free win against everything . 
  a free win against a single boss from one item + consumable would n't be too op ( also , how many people do anything else with remote detonator other than pick it up for 5 bombs and then take their spacebar item back ) . 
  if it were n't for those bullshit continuum shots it 'd be relatively easy to avoid getting hit . 
  i still have not seen a 100 % fail proof strategy for not getting hit by those at all . 
  yeah there 's people saying `` go to corners '' and other stuff , but that 's after the shots already start and you probably got hit by 1 . 
  worst item in the game tbh . 
  there 's the `` butterbean '' meme but that one is just mostly useless . 
  this is actively harmful . 
  not to mention i hate charge shots in general , i skip chocolate milk and monstro 's lung most of the time . 
  brimstone and tech x are okay . 
  i have tried this , and it has not worked . 
  we 're only like that to people that deserve it , such as faggots . 
  unless you 're joking , i do n't believe it would cause it . 
  maybe in the one thread that would 100 % be posted saying `` look guys there 's a downvote animation '' but not much else . 
  i certainly do n't even look at the upvote animations . 
  like i said , i do not at all pay attention to the animation . 
  it was fun spam upvoting in that one thread right after the animations were added , but it lost the charm very quickly . 
  if you base your upvotes and downvotes off the animations , then i do not understand you . 
  yes . 
  as far as i know it does n't use denuvo so very soon . 
  holy light is n't double damage though is it ? 
  according to platinumgod it 's 4x , but it 's pretty random . 
  and i definitely do n't get it to proc every 4 shots . 
  can you elaborate on what you mean by this ? 
  heh , if i see a post heavily downvoted i 'm more likely to look at it . 
  old method ? 
  rebirth one ? 
  it did n't require any luck at all as you could use seeds for all but the last one . 
  arguable . 
  i am always craving for more damage . 
  i believe that you only need to enter a devil deal , regardless if it is a heart one or not . 
  i understand that , my previous comment refers to `` enabling '' angel deals . 
  i 'd rather take a single damage upgrade than either of those items . 
  i know they are better items , but i just get bored without damage . 
   and an angel room ca n't appear until you make a deal with the devil, 
  quite the opposite , it ca n't appear if you take a dwtd . 
  main reason is `` permanent polaroid invincibility '' . 
  you can count on that one every run . 
  the other items mentioned by njayhuang are n't guaranteed to show up , and if the polaroid were n't there , i would probably be a bit more picky about devil deals . 
  i wo n't link anything but i downloaded it from one of the links posted below and it works . 
  does it matter if the one torrent op asked for is legit ? 
  i 'm not advocating the constant use of the site , but it does what op asked for . 
  i do use those , i 'm just saying the link provided works . 
  on the contrary , i find m&kb perfect for dark souls . 
  i can not use a controller . 
  for any game actually . 
  they 're just clunky to me , and i miss the precision of the mouse . 
  playing right now . 
  i had pretty high fps on high half the time . 
  there was fps drops when i went out into areas that show a lot of stuff and spun the camera a lot . 
  switched to low with some custom settings and had absolutely 0 fps drops . 
  and there 's not even that much a difference . 
  but ... i love greed mode :(, 
  eh , i found forest of the fallen giants way harder than any of the other areas . 
  tried that . 
  got naked already . 
  i just set everything to low , and turned on antialiasing . 
  60 fps , absolutely no problems . 
  and i do n't see too much difference between low and high . 
  [ my contribution to kebab removal . 
  1251 , thank you . 
  that 's why i hate the dailies . 
  he actually uses his brain for the game , and ca n't spout whatever comes to his mind . 
  i loved watching his really really old stuff ( like 100k subs at that point , i remember the `` nova vs pewdiepie '' fan wars ) . 
  found him cause he was the only guy on youtube that had a finished amnesia playtrough . 
  then i watched his other horror stuff ( cry of fear , afraid of monsters , amnesia custom stories , penumbra etc ) and had fun . 
  also happy wheels . 
  but then somewhere around the 1 million mark he just sorta ... got less and less enjoyable . 
  i mean ... when ? 
  the first 11 years he could n't do jack shit , cause dursleys . 
  ca n't do it during school year . 
  was locked for summer before second year . 
  was `` chased by a murderer '' before third year .
