  keep and amaranthine protected . 
  recruited oghren . 
  oghren and felsi reunited . 
  warden did not go through the eluvian . 
  gained power of blood . 
  killed both sophia and avernus . 
  shale is alive and well . 
  mattias and amalia both alive neither possessed . 
  recruited shale . 
  that 's dao . 
  stefan hawke male mage . 
  humorous personality . 
  romanced merrill . 
  bethany died escaping lothering . 
  bethany did not live to see the war . 
  bartrand killed . 
  helped varric discover cause of haunting . 
  red lyrium fragment kept by varric . 
  fenris was killed . 
  isabela recruited . 
  isabela returned with book ( how could she not after that sweet loving ) . 
  did not give isabela to the arishok . 
  merrill stayed with hawke . 
  merrill survived . 
  merrill repaired the eluvian . 
  merrill 's clan was massacred . 
  approved of anders ' actions at the chantry . 
  anders survived . 
  aveline married donnic . 
  aveline stayed with hawke . 
  befriended tallis . 
  kissed tallis . 
  recruited sebastian . 
  befriended varric . 
  joined the mercenaries . 
  convinced the templars to leave . 
  returned martin 's cargo . 
  killed kelder . 
  returned seamus . 
  killed ginnis . 
  killed danzig . 
  told ghyslain of ninette 's murder . 
  helped hubert . 
  blackmailed ser thrask . 
  idunna killed . 
  sent feynriel to the dalish . 
  keran reinstated with the templars . 
  defended ketojan from the qunari . 
  karras killed . 
  gascard killed . 
  did not side with varnell . 
  did not side with mother petrice ( i do n't know if these 2 choices can work together , i would think they can not . 
  i think i killed the qunari prisoners . 
  if they ca n't work together then choose sided with mother petrice ) . 
  helped hubert . 
  killed javaris . 
  fought against the raiders alone . 
  feynriel possessed ( i do love my deals with demons ) . 
  arishok killed . 
  agreed to help nuncio . 
  nathaniel was saved . 
  reunited gamlen and charade . 
  handed conspirators to orsino . 
  allowed keran to rejoin the templars . 
  killed bone pit dragon . 
  sided with the mages . 
  sided with larius . 
  found malcolm 's will . 
  again , if this is too much work for you , i could just send you my save files so they are automatically imported . 
  if you do n't want that , do tell me . 
  pictures coming soon . 
  human mage . 
  called stefan . 
  british voice . 
  i edited the preset head 2 . 
  pic3 : http://prntscr.com/5hta9t nose should be pretty small but not comically so . 
  definitely no makeup . 
  in the conversation , say you 're confused , then say `` i do n't really have a choice do i '' . 
  at that point as far as i can tell you can make a save . 
  ok man it 's coming , but could i just send you my files so it 's automatically imported ? 
  http://pastebin.com/sdtnwvv1 here it is . 
  i mean my dao and da2 save files , so that you do n't have to select choices in the keep , rather they are automatically detected . 
  that 's if you have dao and da2 . 
  damn , i was pretty sure you could do that . 
  ok well the pastebin stuff is up there . 
  full magic force mage blood mage primal elemental build . 
  i do n't think it gets more damaging than that . 
  wow this has turned from a help thread into people spamming this poor dude with similar requests ... sorry plusisposminusisneg :d, 
  holy shit that is stupid : / i would much rather prefer a larger mana pool and low regen rather than this . 
  i thought willpower did n't increase mana . 
  i 'm almost sure of it in fact . 
  i took winter stillness , but thanks for the other 2 . 
  hey man , could you tell me the seed ( by looking it up in that text file thingy ) ? 
  i scummed out and did n't update to the newest patch that fixed the [ insert seed ] [ exit ] [ back in ] [ new run ] = same seed and the reason i did that is this exactly ( super meat boy + bandage girl ) . 
  thanks man , you 're awesome :d now i just got ta find a super shit boy seed and i can update to the latest version :3 ( because these 2 achievements are the only ones i 'm not above cheating on ) . 
  for me it 's gurglins  haunt  dingle . 
  haunt is pretty easy to not take a single hit on , at least if you do n't mind taking a minute on it . 
  just follow its ' path and shoot upwards ( as it moves left you move left and likewise for right ) . 
  as soon as you see it charging brimstone go the the opposite direction and the shots are pretty easy to dodge . 
  kinda annoying but it works .
