  how would i calculate whether i need 4 or 6 ? 
  how would i know where i am supposed to go next ? 
  that is , is there a reliable way to know where to go without having played before or looking it up . 
  the reason i 'm asking is because the gargoyles before the first bell killed me like 20 times before killing them . 
  then i killed some demon with 2 dogs in first try . 
  is he supposed to be this easy or did i fuck up the order of the areas ? 
  right now i 'm in some depths area that i unlocked with the key from the demon . 
  is that the next step ? 
  what after it ? 
  this is my first playtrough , and i 'm playing a warrior . 
  i do n't intend to use a lot of magic , just 2 . 
  heal and an offensive pyro spell ( right now i only have fireball and combustion ( which seems useless ) but i 'm planning on getting the fire orb ) . 
  and apparently i have to use a specific weapon to cast each of those spells . 
  so i put the healing talisman in the same hand as the shield , and the flame in my weapon hand . 
  except it 's really clunky to first have to switch the weapon , and then to switch the spell . 
  is there a way i could set it so when i equip the talisman it will automatically switch to heal , and when i put the flame on it will switch to the fire power ? 
  where would i get a bow if i killed that first merchant ? 
  i looted a crossbow somewhere so i thought `` who cares i have a crossbow let 's kill this guy '' ... turns out you ca n't really aim crossbows . 
  and now i kinda need some range attacks . 
  anyone else feels like diplomatic scoring is ... weird and in need of changing ? 
  i 'm without a doubt the strongest country in the world , yet i am ranked 11th because i am not a colonial power ( no extra merchants ) , do not really need ships , and can not get the strong allies bonus because ... well ... i 'm the strongest . 
  i mean sure you could just spam galleys over naval limit , but who cares about score that much , and is n't the score supposed to represent the successful nations ? 
  as it is right now , france ( which i am at least 2x as strong as ) will overtake my score in about 30 years because i am 1st/11th/1st while they 're 2nd or 3rd in everything . 
  has it already been decided what game it would be ? 
  i think a great game to play would be dishonored as it 's pretty short ( should n't take much over a month , at the pace nl is going with the streams ) and dishonored 2 is coming out come spring . 
  this is a very dumb question but , what exactly is alvina 's first question ? 
  she just says a bunch of seemingly unrelated stuff and then ... you get to respond ? 
  i did n't hear any question in that text . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker so that may be why i do n't understand anything . 
  whenever i play , i start out as a small nation . 
  it 's amazingly fun while i 'm still very small , and every ducat and man is worth so much . 
  then when i blob a little bit it 's still fun as i expand . 
  and then by 1600 i blob so much the game just does n't represent any challenge anymore , and i just ... lose interest . 
  the wars are pretty boring as i totally annihilate everyone , and then wait for paper mana . 
  i have over 200 hours in the game and i have n't finished a single game . 
  so how do you guys keep on playing past the mid game ? 
  can someone either link or post the negative effects other countries get when another country is the target of the revolution ? 
  i swear i read them somewhere and now i ca n't find it for the love of me . 
  i know there 's the +5 national unrest , but what else ? 
  so i just finally finished the game for the first time . 
  i went to look up what people thought were the toughest bosses/areas and i was pretty surprised . 
  most of them list blighttown and capra demon/queelag pretty high up . 
  i beat both capra and quelaag on the first try , and blighttown was pretty easy for me . 
  i had more trouble finding the bonfire below blighttown than actually going through it . 
  here 's my list of hardest bosses :, 
  1 ) the twin gargoyles . 
  i must have died over 20 times on these 2 bosses before looking up how to beat them and finding out you have to be a human to summon people/solaire . 
  that could have been said at some point of the tutorial i feel . 
  at the very same time i summoned solaire , i also took up a new weapon - the regular halberd . 
  i fell in love with the weapon ever since and never changed it till the end . 
  got it up to +15 and it did amazing damage . 
  2 ) stray demon . 
  this guy was n't actually ** that ** hard once you learn his moves , but he just has so much hp , and i always get impatient when he does that aoe attack and go in too soon , and get hit in the process . 
  definitely a patience boss . 
  3 ) undecided between black dragon kalameet , seath the scaleless , and ornstein & smough . 
  they 're not terribly hard , but i had around 5 deaths on each of them until i figured them out . 
  also seath had that nasty curse attack . 
  honorable mention goes to moonlight butterfly that managed to kill me the very same second beatrice killed him . 
  i still got the souls and stuff , it was just funny . 
  as for the hardest areas :, 
  1 ) tomb of the giants . 
  fuck that place . 
  i died at least 10 times in the room with the ember ( the one with the 8 or so giant skeletons ) . 
  and then after 5 or so deaths i look up where i 'm supposed to go next after the patches bonfire , and it turns out i 've been going the entirely wrong direction . 
  all because of the lack of light . 
  seriously fuck that place . 
  2 ) crystal caves . 
  i was too impatient to look at the snowflakes and ended up falling off many times . 
  3 ) new londo ruins . 
  screw you ghosts . 
  that being said , what was your hardest boss/area ? 
  how strong is the moonlight greatsword for a mage character ? 
  i 've kinda been thinking of having a halberd +15 instead , with magic weapon ( and its ' upgrades ) as a buff . 
  which one would be better ? 
  if the difference is in favor of the greatsword , and like 10 % or so , i feel i 'd still go with the halberd as i love the moveset . 
  i 'm in the middle of my second playtrough of dark souls 1 , this time as a sorcerer , and after that i 'll start playing this game . 
  what should i know before starting ? 
  by this i mean the important stuff like `` do n't go to the graveyard '' or `` do n't level resistance '' from the first game . 
  bonus question : i did n't look up too much about the game , just some very basic mechanics , and found that apparently you lose health as you die , and the only way to revert that is to become human . 
  and apparently humanity no longer does that , instead some item now does it instead . 
  i also saw the item is limited while playing offline ( as i intend to do as i do n't really find pvp in this game fun ) . 
  is that true ? 
  will i eventually ( assuming enough deaths ) just be stuck at half health unless i want to go pvp ? 
  edit : also is the halberd a good weapon ? 
  it 's my favorite one from ds1 . 
  i 'm just wondering if there 's something like the `` thorilund talisman '' in this game ? 
  basically a no scaling chime , that will let my str guy heal for a decent amount ( his faith is only 12 , the bare minimum required to cast heal ) . 
  which one of these do you think is better ? 
  i have both souls and wondering which one to make . 
  disregard the str requirements that are different . 
  also another question : do you think it 'd be worth it to get str up to 50 so i can 1 hand the demon 's greathammer ? 
  i 'm wondering if there 's a way to cap the maximum volume , but only change the value over the maximum . 
  in case you do n't understand , say i 'm watching a video . 
  i 'm fine with the volume , i can manually adjust it to suit me . 
  and the volume is constant throughout the video , and it 's all nice and dandy . 
  but say there 's a scream in the video or something . 
  i 'd like the scream to be lowered to the volume of the rest of the video automatically so my ears are n't blown . 
  the rest of the sound i 'd like to not be touched at all . 
  is there a way to do this ? 
  i ca n't actually talk in chat as i 'm not subbed so hopefully he sees this .
