  as it is now you got ta gamble whether you 'll find sacrifice rooms . 
  really ? 
  i personally felt afterbirth is way easier . 
  as has been said , definitely rebirth + afterbirth . 
  that last one was awesome . 
  was purple for me , fuck you . 
  i thought it was a pretty meh item before , what with me always being confused when i stopped shooting . 
  it was like a 6/10 at max and that 's cause it 's fun to see all those tears pop . 
  now that i know it gives you those stat downgrades it 's like a 4 or a 5/10 . 
  nope . 
  serbia . 
  minor nitpick : that would n't be a damage multiplier . 
  that 'd be a flat damage up . 
  multipliers are stuff like magic mush and judas 's shadow . 
  and , as always , i would love this item . 
  i assume it would just work with spirit hearts for blue baby as spirit hearts are basically blue baby 's red hearts . 
  and if it would n't , it should . 
  i mean , personally i 'd just have him start with d4 only . 
  some of the most fun runs i had were afterbirth lost runs before holy mantle was unlocked . 
  i would n't say lots . 
  only 2 items do n't do shit on blue baby and that 's yum heart and converter . 
  guppy 's paw i do n't count as it 's a guppy item . 
  even little chad has the dark bum synergy . 
  did that , attacked me , i retaliate , still get kicked out . 
  i can not pickpocket them . 
  100 pickpocket , 20 % pickpocket ring , as well as most of the perks , and still 0 % . 
  i read a little bit about it , and i 'm sure i read somewhere that people have managed to make it work somehow even if they installed it afterwards . 
  and i have n't really noticed anything strange in my current game . 
  maybe if i do n't do the civil war at all ( save it for last then see how it goes ) it could work ? 
  i used nexus mod manager , and i also used the `` save game cleaner '' to clean it . 
  well , if the civil war questline fucks up in some ways i 'm sure console will fix it somehow . 
  i 'm more concerned about save game corruption . 
  can / u/apollodown please tell me what the mod does at the very start of the game ? 
  if it 's something horrible ? 
  i literally did absolutely nothing about the civil war except getting told to join the stormcloaks . 
  after seeing this i went to platinumgod to look at the image . 
  still took me like half a minute to see it . 
  i would never have known if you had n't posted it . 
  this is admittedly grasping at straws but here 's a hypothetical question :, 
  i have not pursued the civil war questline at all . 
  i have not visited any cities except whiterun and winterhold . 
  basically have n't done anything that is logically related to the civil war ( as i have been told some stuff is activated since the game start ) . 
  if i was to reinstall cwo in the current game ( the 20 hours after one ) would that ** maybe ** prevent total destruction of the save ? 
  it was active at game start , and have not done anything to affect it in any other way ( other than uninstalling ) . 
  that 's mostly the thing i 'm wondering . 
  i 've encountered basically no issues , but i have n't been to any areas that are related to the civil war . 
  i do n't think it should affect the main quest , as i do n't think cwo changes the `` peace treaty '' that goes into play if you have n't completed the civil war ( or at least it did n't say so on the mod page ) . 
  by proxy dawnguard and dragonborn should be fine as well ( especially dragonborn ) . 
  but i 'm not sure how city quests would behave . 
  it 's actually my first time playing skyrim with too many mods . 
  i have n't really played as much as some people say . 
  i have like 150 hours on one character ( lvl 85 ) and that was all the dlc 's + main quest + basically all the side quests i could find ( did all the `` faction '' quests and the daedra quests and the random quests ) . 
  even looked some up on the wiki to see how many i had left undone . 
  then i also had 2 other saves but neither of them lasted very long , about 10 hours each . 
  all of those were with very minimal mods ( unofficial patches + killable children basically ) . 
  i guess i got a bit carried now . 
  i do n't think the main quest should be affected . 
  the mod mentioned nothing about changing the `` peace treaty '' that occurs if you have n't done the civil war yet . 
  i must have missed that , as i never actually did that quest ( as i had finished the civil war in my other playtrough ) and so did not know the name . 
  but should be somehow fixable with console commands ( right ? 
  greed mode is so much easier than the base game . 
  get out of jail free card for mega satan ( still not an item ) . 
  you 're like the strawman nl always brings up . 
  i do n't think they `` despawn '' as the buff is still there . 
  just get stuck somewhere . 
  i 'm actually doing the civil war questline right now , am at the second to last quest , and the only bug i encountered was a camp of stormcloaks being hostile to me ( which my thralls happily fixed ) . 
  yes . 
  honestly ? 
  there is almost no difference between the 2 modes , but if you 're looking to finish the game completely you 'll have to do it all on hard mode . 
  so may as well start immediately so you do n't have to finish everything twice ( like i did , but that 's cause back at the start of rebirth it actually made a difference ) . 
  i think someone posted a post saying it does n't count towards your damage penalty . 
  the points you lose are from losing hearts , and can be gained back . 
  same with curse rooms . 
  but do n't quote me on that . 
  and personally , i 'd just have every daily go to the chest/dark room . 
  remove the whole self sacrifice gambling . 
  so here 's a question : i 've successfully completed the civil war questline , and have experienced no bugs , other than 2 stormcloak camps being hostile towards me . 
  if the civil war was completed successfully , what are the odds of my game getting fucked up in the future ? 
  well i 'm glad i do n't have to do the peace treaty then , as i have successfully completed the civil war . 
  finished the civil war , nothing major happened . 
  only thing that did happen actually was 2 stormcloak camps being hostile to me , and i do n't know if that 's cause of the mod ( i did basically kill everyone in the fort battles , because fireball aoe ) . 
  i did say do n't quote me on that . 
  totally counts . 
  the counter is there for a reason . 
  if your run is absolute horseshit and there 's no way you 'll beat the chest , go to sheol . 
  ok , that 's what you think . 
  i think if the game fucks you , fuck it back . 
  go to sheol . 
  inb4 cobalt shill : i neither watch nor care about cobalt . 
  i watch the egg . 
  there 's 2 , they 're just in the same spot . 
  yeah ... i already got the mana regen and reflect removal mod ( that one replaces reflect with a bit stronger absorb , so i should do less damage , but not kill myself ) . 
  either way , what do you think of this :, 
  apprentice sign . 
  chose magic as specialization . 
  endurance and luck as favored attributes . 
  major : axes , destruction , heavy armor , conjuration , sneak . 
  minor : illusion , alteration , restoration , speechcraft , enchanting . 
  new to morrowind completely . 
  also , what just happened to my game ?
