  just use curved shots if he 's at the top of the screen , and any other time stay behind him . 
  of course bloat is n't my ideal choice of a boss fight , but if i had to pick between it and cage , i 'll take the bloat 10/10 times . 
  i think all the ** multipliers ** stack multiplicatively ... if they can stack anyway . 
  it 'd just make sense . 
  not 100 % sure but if you put a gun to my head that 'd be my answer . 
  eyes are shitty indeed but can be dodged by planning 2 seconds ahead . 
  you 're not supposed to be close to the lasers , use curved shots . 
  second phase . 
  those beams are as random as daddy long legs . 
  not those ... the ones in the second phase ... 
  does n't change the fact it 's rng . 
  which the bloat is n't . 
  saying bloat is n't bad on this sub is like saying you support hitler : / if it were some actually bullshit boss like isaac/conquest 's beams of light or daddy longlegs/triachnid or mama gurdy i 'd be fine with that . 
  but bloat has 0 rng . 
  why does literally everyone today ( there were like 5 people ) assume i 'm talking about phase 3 ? 
  i 'm talking about phase 2 , the angel fetus one . 
  the beams of light on that phase are indeed undodgeable as they instantly hit you . 
  i 'm not talking about those attacks . 
  the ones that appear while daddy longlegs remain on the screen are random . 
  you ca n't dodge them with 100 % certainty . 
  at best you can pray . 
  the other attack of his ( when there 's only one leg at a time , the one you 're talking about ) is of course easy . 
  and i have no idea where you got that from , mama gurdy can spawn spikes below you . 
  had it happen many times . 
  even the wiki says so . 
  so you have to think 2 seconds ahead about the eyes.big deal . 
  if there 's rocks , you can either blow them up , or you can just move to the bottom of the screen , have the bloat jump towards you , and go behind him . 
  honestly i do n't get the hate for the bloat . 
  cage is 10 times worse . 
  also you seem to like the phrase `` write back '' ... 
  hm ... is there a way to do that with vassals ? 
  shame . 
  it would make sense that the vassal i had for 100 years and basically turned into a mini empire from all the feeding would trust me a little bit : /, 
  get a single battery . 
  why would it not contribute to spun ? 
  cain 's unlocks are shit . 
  cain himself is ok . 
  i 'd buff his unlocks . 
  also give luck foot original effect ( no bad pills ) , and give phd actually all good pills effect ( no neutrals either ) . 
  how the heck is shooting lasers out of your mouth that destroy everything boring ? 
  yeah . 
  isaac 's is just ... kinda awkward . 
  what is so special about 1550 ? 
  [ this one should be pretty easy . 
  i hate buying it even 20 % more expensive . 
  but if i 'm capped may as well spend it on something . 
  no , nope and france is my faithful ally , 
  cain does n't unlock paper clip . 
  nope . 
  that other guy got it . 
  yeah , 1650 , byzantium and kiev ( the big blue thing next to russia that is n't sweden ) vassals . 
  you can view if you 're attacking over a river by selecting an army and holding the mouse over the province you 'll attack to . 
  if i remember correctly the difference between your general 's maneuver and their general 's maneuver is how much of the `` terrain penalty '' is knocked off . 
  so if your guy has 4 maneuver and their guy has 2 , you can attack ~ ~ into the mountains ~ ~ across straits . 
  not 100 % sure but i think it 's how it works . 
  however i 'm not sure i agree with you on a few things . 
  outside of europe , aggressive expansion is minor , especially if you take influence . 
  god help you if you 're in the hre . 
  took 2 provinces ? 
  well you are the spawn of satan . 
  also i immediately delete most , if not all the forts . 
  if you 're small , you can just move your armies . 
  if you 're a blob , what do you care about some silly forts . 
  i understand that some might feel safer with forts , but i take the risk in order to not pay half a ducat a month . 
  i usually play very small countries so it 's a big deal ( can only hire 1 level 1 advisor kind of small ) . 
  i think diplomatic is pretty good . 
  -20 % off of provinces can help if you 're blobbing . 
  the +2 dip rep is amazing for vassals . 
  cheaper war exhaustion is ok . one more dip relation is great . 
  cheaper diplo tech is alright , but i usually get behind on that tech . 
  and finally being able to break off a royal marriage and very quickly attack a former ally with no stability loss ? 
  edit : also , collecting from your main trade port gives you a 10 % increase in collecting . 
  so if you 're so very small you basically have only 1 trade node worth anything , you may as well collect in your main port . 
  1 is very good advice , however remember that they will not be cobelligerent and it wo n't be a good idea to take provinces from them . 
  take war rep , money , and make them annul all treaties with everyone , so you can attack them when they 're weak . 
  i 'm not sure if annul treaties works until end of truce , or always for 10 years , if someone can confirm that . 
  if it 's always 10 years , try to get a 9 or so years of truce among you , so you can definitely be prepared , and they wo n't ally the scary france since they ca n't . 
  2 is important , if you 're in the hre taking 2 rich provinces can start a coalition . 
  it 's pretty stupid : /, 
  3 i would n't recommend going ahead of tech any more than 20 % . 
  i usually do it at 10 % . 
  jake 's better , arumba 's more fun to watch . 
  also jake 's mods sound pretty bad . 
  it may depend on the size of the country you 're playing . 
  i usually play small countries so i can not maintain forts , and delete them . 
  if you 're playing france or something , keep 2-3 forts at strategic borders . 
  also the army tradition gain is n't that big . 
  if you 're eastern or anatolian , never westernize . 
  instead conquer wien , danzig or prague ( depending on your country ) and get free instant westernization . 
  yes but if you have a small country it 's a real drain on the money . 
  talking small as in can barely afford a level 1 advisor with lowest army expenses . 
  well yeah , i do n't really know if it works for mountains . 
  it works for rivers and straits at the very least . 
  would be nice if someone 100 % confirms it . 
  wow i 'm amazed at these comments . 
  i feel like this is the bob 's brain of afterbirth . 
  and unlike bob 's brain , i actually like this item . 
  free infinite bombs for regular bomb usage . 
  and the sound is loud enough in my opinion . 
  i would n't say this is my favorite item , but it 's good enough .
