  i 'd raise his luck to base , and maybe give him quad shot , and he 'd be a pretty decent character . 
  i think starting him with swallowed penny would be too op . 
  and yeah he 's way better than rebirth lost . 
  you can make a mistake and come back . 
  that 's pretty lenient . 
  i do n't care about settlements , i just wanted to do that quest . 
  it seemed pretty fun ( with the whole being a detective and test at the door thing ) . 
  yeah . 
  and super greed fires quad shot : <, 
  what is this `` dark matter disappearing '' thing ? 
  i do n't believe i ever heard about that . 
  because you 'd get healed all the time if it were any character with red hearts . 
  yeah seriously what the heck are those ? 
  maybe white 8 inch nails ? 
  yes you can . 
  if 10 people chasing light died , and he continues to save thousands of innocent lives , by murdering criminals ( which i do n't even classify as humans , so their lives are n't worth anything ) how is that not worth it ? 
  obviously i do n't include the `` thief '' sort of criminals in that part . 
  if someone kills another person , that someone does n't deserve to live anymore . 
  also , rapists . 
  you do n't need a judge and a jury to see that the `` harder '' criminals only hurt the world by living . 
  pretty sure if i got a death note irl i 'd start killing them as well ( pretty sure i would n't get caught either , though i guess it 's possible ) . 
  of course murder is wrong . 
  but someone that kills/rapes/does other stuff that is similar to that is no longer human in my eyes . 
  it 'd be like putting down a rabid animal . 
  hm ... i actually consider that wave easy . 
  not because it 's literally easy , but because in greed mode you can kind of customize your run , and i 'm almost always op at that point so it becomes easy . 
  the wave i hate the most is 4 big spiders that split into 2 small ones + 2 crazy long legs ( fast ones with thin legs that spawn the white sacks that in turn spawn even more spiders ) . 
  how the fuck is that a first floor wave ? 
  if anything , more hp is preferable to damage for the hush . 
  if you have more damage it will just get reduced cause of the armor . 
  your hp stays the same . 
  i feel that phd should give you only good pills , and luck foot/virgo/if there 's any other phd items i forgot should give you the `` not bad '' pills we have now . 
  makes phd a worthwhile get compared to virgo . 
  i find it very believable he could be that fast . 
  i do n't think i 've missed hush once in any run i 've played since afterbirth 's release . 
  even one where i was maggy with literally no stat ups/any worthwhile items at all i made it to hush by about 20 seconds . 
  i would n't say holy mantle `` destroyed '' the lost . 
  if anything he 's actually a decently fun character now . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  i do n't understand the bloat hate . 
  he 's perfectly predictable . 
  keep on using the `` curved '' shots , if you ca n't get behind him , and when you can , well , get behind him . 
  cage with his `` weird rocks '' attack though ... 
  i do n't think nl got dead cat in either of his `` first 2 '' lost runs because i clearly remember him saying that he 'd `` get some kind of pleasure if he 'd do it without either holy mantle or 9 lives '' when he was in the dark room of the second run . 
  he got the algiz rune at the very end . 
  what part of your comment is a joke ? 
  what 'd he say ? 
  erm ... pretty sure that keeper fires way more slowly than other characters . 
  his advantage over the regular triple shot is his `` tear cap '' is like a regular character 's , rather than whatever triple shot sets it at . 
  it was the very same torrent though . 
  speed definitely changed when i changed ports . 
  there were only a few of them though ( 30-ish ) . 
  i do n't think changing peers is supposed to drop your dl speed tenfold though ? 
  any torrents i tried since then have also been 850kb max , when before it always peaked at the 1mb . 
  xl is the worst one . 
  missing a devil deal chance is major . 
  and that way you miss out on 20 % more damage . 
  by the time you finally get around to `` killing '' yourself through devil deals , you may have so many soul hearts it wo n't be optimal . 
  i just kill myself first floor always . 
  you get 1 heart back as lazarus 2 . 
  that 's enough for a devil deal . 
  the chances of such a deal that you 're suggesting are so low it 's not even worth considering . 
  i can see your point , but i prefer to play it safe . 
  if you get an hp upgrade on floor 1 , there is absolutely no way you can convince me you should n't kill yourself . 
  you 'll have 2 hp and be able to get both a 1 and 2 heart deal with the devil , which are common configurations . 
  i do n't see 2 | 2 too often , and let alone 3 deals , so if you get any kind of hp on the first floor , i ca n't see how it 's wise to not kill yourself . 
  if you do n't get any however , i 'd still say you should kill yourself , but i guess it may come down to preference . 
  the devil room is the big one . 
  i barely visit shops ( i rush in isaac ) , but 1 less chance at a deal with the devil is pretty majorly bad . 
  hm ... do you think the regular d8 would work like this ? 
  do n't think i 'd play him for fun , but he is definitely more fair than rebirth lost . 
  being able to take 1 hit and live is major . 
  i do n't watch movies ... in general actually . 
  the few i do see i watch at x1 . 
  i think it 's bugged . 
  there 's usually way more people [ than this . 
  would need to be on `` hard '' mode with reduced heart drops . 
  i do n't think people realize how insanely fast mega blast clears rooms . 
  you 're going to get a heart/spirit heart/anything at some point and you can buy hearts in shops . 
  i 'm amazed at these comments that are like `` good enough '' . 
  this is an incredible ( boss ) item , would never reroll it . 
  however , it was the dataminers that `` started '' the whole thing . 
  well if you wan na be fair , there 's literally no boss room item that 's `` interesting '' . 
  they 're all basically stat upgrades/consumables . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm from serbia so every patch i play it . 
  never went catholic . 
  always got allied with austria/someone else and eventually ended the game at around the time i totally destroy the kebab ( split them up into like 4 parts , where they have literally no chance to come back ) . 
  i 'll see how i do in 1.14 . 
  well it 's not exactly a `` boss '' item . 
  it drops only from horsemen ( which , while are bosses , are not regular bosses , it 's like saying brimstone is a boss item because it drops from the fallen , which is a boss ) . 
  yeah . 
  also the fact i 'm kinda new so i sometimes forget how to navigate the menus : /, 
  op getting murdered in the comments damn . 
  i had this with head of the keeper . 
  it was pretty great . 
  too bad i did n't screenshot it . 
  \\  do n't get payout 4 times in a row, 
  fuck gambling , i 'll keep the 2 luck . 
  i just held r. won greed mode with about 7-8 items , but tech x ( thank you eden 's blessing ) .
