  longer answer : his commentary was stale on dailies , always talking about the same thing . 
  people watch nl for the commentary , not the min max plays . 
  so it did n't fit his channel , and most of the viewers agreed they prefer regular runs more . 
  pepe is a frog of peace . 
  former wow player here . 
  using 1234 as well . 
  f1 ,2,3 for control . 
  had platinumgod open as i was playing . 
  stats . 
  first answer . 
  with the help of course , no way in hell anyone 's figuring that one out on their own ( well , in afterbirth possibly ) . 
  i actually dislike it . 
  clutters up the interface . 
  i do . 
  only used it on the lost and the keeper . 
  his run will end on the cathedral without the polaroid . 
  also if he already did the chest as the keeper , it would be useless . 
  i dislike this item , as well as some others , because it 's objectively just a worse version of another item . 
  like , you can argue for quarter vs dollar because different item pools , but both this and pyro are in the item room pool . 
  agreed . 
  really struck me as a perfect change . 
  it was too op . 
  agreed . 
  blink 1 is already op enough . 
  do a nihilist run where you collect all the money . 
  well ... i dunno what my odds are with 14k comments but may as well try . 
  same . 
  very smart . 
  shoulda thought of this sooner . 
  really easy to miss . 
  well hidden . 
  was like `` whaaat '' when i found it after like 3-4 playtroughs . 
  for something , that is supposed to be difficult to find ( not for us of course , but do you think someone not looking stuff up will be finding them all the time ) , they are surprisingly bad . 
  if a player disconnects , a bot leaves as well , so it 's not like i 'd `` leave someone out to dry '' ( also like i said these were 4 bots , but ofc the system ca n't know that ) . 
  i did n't think the bot matches would count . 
   play in a lobby, 
  that sounds like a smart idea tbh , it 's impossible to do anything with so many bots in regular matches . 
  that does not affect no kills . 
  you killed somebody else . 
  yeah literally every single time i find something new , be it dialogue or random spots like that . 
  yep . 
  was great . 
  i had to knock out a total of 6 guards to finish it this way ( 2 in coldridge prison , 2 assassins at the start of flooded district , and 2 guards that bugged the fuck out at the light at the end ) , but it was almost a nihilist run . 
  phantom assassin . 
  does n't matter if she gets no kills , when she can hit 1k daggers from 1200 range , i do n't see many ways to stop her . 
  i know . 
  just mentioning my experience . 
  gets even worse if she gets in range tbh . 
  eh , bone charms really are n't that great . 
  only one i liked was the one that boosts powers . 
  all the others i collected along the way . 
  2k gold was dope though . 
  agreed , it 's my favorite item in ab . 
  does n't even require you to think hard about using it like d20/scapular or whatever other combos . 
  i really like this item . 
  will you risk hurting yourself to get a useful boost ( red/blue ) , or will you stick with the shitty orange until you get hit naturally ? 
  my country 'll be waiting . 
  not like the sub is a busy hive . 
  it 's not really blocking out any posts , and i thought it was funny . 
  dear god please be 2 ) , my specs are worse than op 's ( fair amount too ) . 
  last boss is only easy because he does very little damage . 
  it was the hardest boss for me on sl1 when he kills you in 2 hits . 
  some of those attacks are almost impossible to dodge . 
  it took me like 100 tries to beat him , and after that i beat nameless king first try ( sl1 ) . 
  make it work immediately as you spawn in a new floor . 
  make it work with all items that damage you ( blood rights/razor blade etc ) . 
  why would it make it insanely overpowered ? 
  it 's 1 free use per room . 
  there 's way better synergies . 
  did n't make the suggestions because i think the item is weak and needs a buff , but simply to make it consistent ( why should it not work like that ? 
  eh , same thing with isaac 's heart except even better . 
  now , you wo n't generally take isaac 's heart , and like i said holy mantle is pretty good now , simply makes sense to include stuff like this . 
  really wish people would n't be so stupid . 
  whether you like trump or not , you would have to be mentally braindead if you want $ hillary in the office , assuming you know all she 's done . 
  so ... [ you were not prepared ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p73pzidqua ), 
  i tried to uninstall the entire ccc , and after fucking around trying to enable uninstalling of programs it ca n't uninstall itself because it 's not running . 
  do you mean something else ? 
  can you be more specific please ? 
  i went to device manager , clicked uninstall on my graphics card , and i can not uninstall the device manager while in safe mode . 
  if you spam a hero , i 'll logically assume you should be somewhat good at it . 
  so i want to increase my advantage against you , and i ban that hero . 
  exactly the same here . 
  i spam one hero in ranked , but i play a lot of unranked in between , so my versatility is up . 
  to prevent people like me from doing the same . 
  never had anyone fight for offlane in my ranked games . 
  i tag it ( i mostly play void ) , and so far have always gotten it . 
  people argue over mid and carry . 
  it 's a 4 year old game , not much need for spoilers at this point . 
  if you 're here to ask a question , you do n't check out the rest of the subreddit , common sense no ? 
  you 're implying people that want to spoil shit would abide by that . 
  people , even without spoiler tags , usually say `` spoilers follow '' or w/e . 
  this is the first thing i thought of as well . 
  only saw it coming when they offered me a drink . 
  my mind is blown . 
  red blue white is serbian flag . 
  russian is white blue red . 
  no , i 'm from serbia , it 's true . 
  you mean ... bombed ? 
  western europe is cucked .
