  nope . 
  it 's absolute fucking trash . 
  it could only be an upgrade if you have a really shit tears stat . 
  if you 're tear capped , it 's both a dps downgrade and has the teleporting factor . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  go fight gurdy at tear cap with and without cursed eye . 
  see which one finishes first . 
  smb super fan is dope man . 
  what 's that about conquest ? 
  i assume that 's for super meat boy since smb super fan is unlocked by beating challenge # 14, 
  worst unlocks are definitely babies , since i do n't play multiplayer either . 
  i understood a fair amount . 
  very nice and informative , if somewhat useless ( to me , and most other players i guess , since it 's not like you can pick and choose what you get most of the time ) . 
  yeah holy shit those are awful . 
  sticky nickles is essentially a downgrade . 
  inb4 `` oh it turns regular pennies into nickles '' ... yeah and then you have to use a 5cent bomb to get it , meaning you broke even . 
  if you did n't have it unlocked , you 'd get a profit of 1 cent . 
  now ... if it were sticky dimes , then we 'd be talking . 
  you ca n't actually do that . 
  you can edit the css to hide it , but everyone can just turn it off . 
  but yeah , weird to get downvoted for praising x on a sub about x. 
  it 's flexible , but is a downgrade on a literal level . 
  edit : also , if you have bombs , bomb the donation machine . 
  it 's there for a reason . 
  yeah , the burst on entering a room that will kill like one enemy . 
  not worth it . 
  soy milk is also bad . 
  i believe lil ' brim did testing and found it 's a 10 % upgrade if you hit literally every single shot . 
  it could be arguable . 
  i 'm of the opinion it 's not bad , but i 'm definitely not happy when i see it in the devil room . 
  well ... in theory ... i 'm pretty sure there 's not a human being alive that could consistently hit with literally every single shot . 
  especially because soy milk also adds the shitty knockback . 
  okie doke did it for me . 
  my shadow is meh , but i actively avoid betrayal . 
  holy fuck . 
  they need to remove the animation . 
  then maybe i would take it ( cause charm on getting hit is n't too great ) . 
  not happy to see it in a curse room either . 
  it took the spot of a more worthwhile item . 
  unrelated to the topic , but why is communism bad , aside from the fact it relies on humans not being shitty ? 
  like , if everyone did their part without grumbling or wanting more , would it not be great ? 
  feels great to share a name with him . 
  turned off animations ? 
  that includes the `` humans being shitty '' part . 
  i 'm curious if you took that part out , would it work ? 
  that 's their fault . 
  that 's literally the only purpose of the machine once you hit 999 . 
  if you got a single penny you would n't need to buy a bomb , therefore ending up at 16 . 
  i agree it 's definitely not as bad as cursed eye , but i 'm still not taking it . 
  yeah , up to that point i was like `` meh '' . 
  that made it great . 
  elaborate on the `` final fuck you speech '' . 
  we need a guy to msga ... 
   usually the system blocks you from going past page 400, 
  i 've never encountered this . 
  i just keep scrolling . 
  eh , a little bit of shitposting never hurt anyone . 
  not like dota 2 , but currently the sub is n't active too much , a few shitposts could keep it fresh . 
  yeah , it 's like corvo 's leg bones are made of glass . 
  i very much hope it 's not open world . 
  i prefer linear , but interesting levels . 
  it 's on the isaac mods website . 
  search `` music '' mod or whatever . 
  however , you may need to do some tweaking if you want to change the `` new floors '' music , as the music for that did n't exist in vanilla , so the creator did some kinda weird mashup . 
   trump will start wwiii, 
  how does that even get in their heads ? 
  has he ever displayed any intentions towards that ? 
  if $ hillary gets elected , i am expecting a ww3 in a year , two max . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a joke . 
  it was fucking hilarious . 
  i get a message out of nowhere telling me i 've been banned from `` offmychest '' . 
  i barely even knew what offmychest was . 
  what 'd he say . 
  it 's the one i hate the most . 
  removes a shop and devil deal chance . 
  that 's actually harmful rather than just annoying like the others . 
  bloat is n't unfair . 
  his brimstone shots are 100 % consistent . 
  i hate the pills in the game . 
  like , you see many streamers just not even bother with them . 
  make the pill pool 10 max , and make at least 2 of them always be stat upgrades . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  it 's objectively bad , cause it removes a devil deal chance . 
  how is it a nearly guaranteed devil deal chance ? 
  again , i really do not follow . 
  assuming a curse of the labyrinth does have increased devil deal chance ... that would be the same chance as floor 2 in your hypothetical scenario . 
  except floor 1 before that would have a lower chance for a devil deal , but it could happen , therefore more devil deals overall . 
  no idea what your second point is `` skip lowered chance of getting a deal due to it being your first floor '' . 
  third point is a `` git gud '' issue , and is actually completely false on basement , as you have a spirit heart most of the time by floor 2 , unlike when you start on xl . 
  he finished and uploaded mass effect 1 . 
  i 'm asking for me2 , which is not on youtube . 
  also known as / cfg / , ie clinton foundation general ( if someone wants to go look it up on 4chan ) . 
  pretty fun stuff . 
  edit : [ fun stuff like this \\ ( 4chan link , it 'll disappear after a while , but cba to save and upload \\ ) . 
  where 's it from ? 
  which five ? 
  yep . 
  if that shit happened over here , that guy would be happy if he got beaten to death ... cause once the dudes in prison would hear what he 'd done ... 
  our government may be cucked , but the people sure are n't .
