  the item is serpent 's kiss . 
  did n't want to put it in the title due to the `` new stuff '' policy . 
  the item 's pretty great on a per room basis ( seriously you get so many black hearts ) but on hush it 's incredibly op due to the amount of enemies hush spawns . 
  had an item room with a reroll machine in it . 
  i rerolled as much as possible , and it exploded . 
  so i decided to use the glowing hourglass to restart the machine ( and obviously take the best item cause apparently rerolls are always the same ) and when i used it and teleported back to the previous room , it was filled with like 50 coins . 
  do n't know how it happened . 
  they were n't there before . 
  huh ? 
  judas may not be as great now , but please do n't rank him with maggy . 
  he still has a better chance to get deals with the devil and he also has the great damage . 
  i do n't know about azazel , he 's apparently getting nerfed but not by this much . 
  the glowing hourglass is amazing . 
  lets you avoid practically any dumb damage and makes it like you have flying for curse rooms ( cause you take damage in the room when you enter ) . 
  also lets you see what 's in the arenas and if it 's worth fighting for . 
  see now , here 's the thing . 
  this is a game right ? 
  and minors play games no ? 
  so what should one do when this is not a game you can just purchase a physical copy of at your nearest store ? 
  that 's right , buy it online . 
  which minors ca n't do without a credit card . 
  sure , there 's some other stuff that works , but that is dependent on the country you 're living in . 
  and what about the credit card ? 
  well , what if your parents have absolutely no idea how a computer works and absolutely wo n't do any online payments because they are afraid the `` internet people will steal all the money '' ? 
  you 're pretty much left to just torrent . 
  i am one such case . 
  i may actually buy the game next year when i will finally be able to , cause i did spend an entire year playing it torrented ( and now of course with afterbirth ) . 
  the points is , some people really have no alternatives to torrenting . 
  yeah , that 's why i specified that there 's `` other stuff that works but is dependent on the country '' . 
  i do n't have that sort of thing ( actually i did hear about something similar at my local bank , but i , again , have to be 18 + so we 're back to square one ) . 
  eh , i do n't think it 's that hard . 
  i almost did it once first try but died due to random spikes killing me bug . 
  then did it on second try . 
  no stopwatch in either of those . 
  now ... brains ... that was a piece of shit . 
  hm , well that 's not exactly what i meant by `` choices '' . 
  one could argue almost everything you do in a game is a choice if you look at it like that . 
  well , choices that would change the plot in some way . 
  which would also require the game to have plot ( not like oregon trail ) . 
  personally i 'd have eden start with the chaos item . 
  make it even more fun :d, 
  played em both , but yeah that 's kind of what i 'm looking for ( except in the case of mass effect , maybe choices that matter more , like fallout 1/2 ) . 
  i was n't going to risk anything : /, 
  yeah he probably had chaos . 
  missing hud 2 . 
  it 's a mod . 
  i feel completely the opposite . 
  i was easily able to pull off a 20 win streak rotation characters in a row on greed mode . 
  before that on rebirth my best streak was 5 . 
  probably cause i just restart on a normal run if i do n't get a decent item by caves 1 , which is not the case in greed mode . 
  and as for ultra greed , since he scales or whatever , he 's equally hard no matter what build you have . 
  if anything a defensive build works the best . 
  i have n't tried since the new patch , but i did greed mode lost in about an hour ( including restarts ) . 
  it 's really not as hard as people make it out to be . 
  the d4 is a ridiculously good item . 
  if only they gave the lost an un-rerollable holy mantle at the start i may actually like playing as him . 
  most of hush is pretty easy , but those fucking continuum high shot speed bullets ... 
  was n't one of the main selling points of the flash isaac that it was a `` difficult roguelike '' ? 
  i feel that azazel until the womb ~ ~ is ~ ~ was ridiculously overpowered . 
  but then all the exploding enemies and isaac / blue baby fights fuck him over . 
  well , after he starts firing them it 's easy to find a safe spot . 
  i do n't know if there 's a reliable way to dodge the first set he pumps out . 
  actually maze is a lot worse than you give it credit for . 
  had an insanely good lost run only to have curse of the maze fuck me and run into fire . 
  source on the addicted effect ? 
  so , again , what to do for those first 2 balls ? 
  as the lost it 's a pretty big deal . 
  well , i have n't seen a 100 % solid source , but the recent theory people have ( and is most likely true based off the fact i had spider mod on one run ) is you can do a lot of damage to ultra greed , but then he gets a certain amount of armor to prevent you from doing a lot of damage . 
  so it would basically even out whether you have op damage or no damage at all . 
  i misunderstood you then . 
  i thought you said it makes you take a heart of damage for anything that can damage you ( so if there were 4 enemies you 'd take 4 hearts of damage ) and thought that 's weird since i never took any damage from it . 
  i believe he 's downvoted because his comment sounds like he 's a know-it-all ( when in this case he does n't know it all ) . 
  or at the very least that 's how it comes off to me . 
  i agree that he 's actually not that hard but god damn do i feel like shit when i have to fight him . 
  lil ' horn is a fun fight , and does n't take too long ( especially cause you can use his own bombs against him ) . 
  rag man makes me want to shoot myself cause i will inevitably get hit because i 'm pissed about him not dying . 
  guppy since floor 2 + ipecac . 
  beat it with 6 minutes to spare . 
  thank you so much man . 
  weird thing is first try i donated like 7 cents , then 30 tries after that where i could donate only 2 , and now i can donate only 1 . 
  weird stuff . 
  anyway , i guess i 'll be pretty generous soon ( which is kind of ironic actually ) . 
  not related to your question , but how do you get those flags ? 
  i 'll admit there 's bullshit spikes bug . 
  but i tried the guardian challenge twice . 
  first time i died due to the spike bug , but i had tons of health and i was about to go fight mom . 
  did it second try . 
  did n't even have the bible . 
  so i 'd say there 's a lot of skill involved ( assuming you do n't get fucked by bugs ) . 
  if you meet walking hosts , bomb your way out ( those fuckers took 6 of my hp on 1 room and i still won ) . 
  i assumed they would n't have any money as it 's early mid-game ( 1580-ish ) and they keep going into constant wars . 
  but then again it is france . 
  yeah , i do n't understand why this is such a big deal . 
  i do n't think i 've been telefragged once in greed mode , since i , you know , actually move when i see something is on me . 
  once i even moved a bit out of the enemy , then back inside of him , and still had time to get out without being hit . 
  the fucking button though ... i swear i pressed it more times by accident than on purpose . 
  i just do n't understand why spikes make him die ... usually isaac 's heart means you can walk over spikes . 
  not a good tip tbh . 
  9 lives is awesome . 
  only time i would n't take it is if i had 6 + red hp and no soul hearts ( which never happens anyway ) .
