  have n't been able to repeat it since . 
  piper best waifu made me change the way i play the game . 
  usually i 'm a violent maniac that steals and pickpockets everything that is n't bolted down ... but `` piper disliked that '' changed me . 
  my first playtrough i murdered the arrow trainer elf in that first village . 
  took him in that mountain , and accidentally killed him . 
  my dude did a insta kill animation . 
  excuse me ? 
  you seem to be under the false belief that guy did n't get blasted to smithereens , by new vegas 's new master . 
  i have 13 perception currently . 
  10 naturally , 1 bobblehead , 2 from the silver shroud 's costume . 
  dat extra xp though . 
  hey , do you mind telling me the exact name ? 
  i recruited that dude and i do n't know where the hell i sent him . 
  i wan na know who i missed . 
  yeah i did the quest . 
  travis is still his old insecure self on the radio though . 
  i do n't even think the boss is difficult , it 's just insanely fucking tanky for a first floor boss ( 250 ) . 
  and the fucking spiders . 
  i 'd either nerf his hp to something like 200 while also nerfing his spider buddies , or make him automatically lose health when he summons spiders ( ie only need to do 250 total , no matter if it 's on spiders or not ) . 
  i 'm also surprised . 
  i never do those unless it 's red chests . 
  i wish they brought back the `` guaranteed item in boss trap rooms '' . 
  i finished the quest , saved that russian guy from those 2 other guys . 
  this is what i did . 
  game would only let me donate 1 cent with basically any character . 
  so i got the breaking hourglass + chaos card run , actually beat the fucker about a 100 times ( 1 cent per win ) and then said fuck it since i 'm not gon na do that same meaningless thing over and over . 
  i would have reached 999 eventually like that , i just did n't wan na do it . 
  your comment sounds pretty condescending man . 
  i love rpg 's . 
  it 's my favorite genre of games . 
  something about the witcher 2 just felt ... off to me . 
  whether it 's the combat system , or the fact i did n't really care about the story . 
  also did n't help that the map was god awful . 
  the whole `` you want linear games '' sounded like `` go play cod you neanderthal '' . 
  at least from my perspective . 
  and i may not have progressed far enough into the witcher 2 because i was so damn bored out of my mind with killing random animals and doing meaningless quests on that pretty bad map . 
  also , my buddy that has read all the witcher books tells me he does n't really like tw2 either . 
  make of that what you will . 
  not a professional programmer but would n't this work :, 
   if shot = has.tear.modifier ( piercing ) then hp = hp-dmg, 
  basically , just check if the shot has the piercing effect . 
  not viable ? 
  maybe . 
  but if kamikaze could n't damage you anymore i 'd love using dead sea scrolls . 
  it 'd be a nice dice roll . 
  never know what you 're gon na get . 
  really ? 
  i have a pretty meh computer ( not even getting 60 fps on medium ) but i never had alt tab issues in the 40 hours of gameplay ( and i alt tab a shitload ) . 
  well the whole `` you can fly up and actually properly place some fucking roofs or some shit '' thing is pretty good . 
  the building system needs a top down camera . 
  hm , yeah , i had issues with new vegas . 
  luckily there 's mods for that . 
  i think me3 was pretty good . 
  citadel was the best part of course . 
  only the ending was disappointing . 
  and the whole `` male sheppard ca n't have brown hair '' bit was bad too . 
  i wish it was un-rerollable . 
  every run would be crazy fun ( as d4/100 runs usually are ) . 
  this way , like you said , nobody will roll holy mantle , and the lost run will be just a way harder normal run . 
  i did n't invest in this perk early on . 
  had to keep switching between pistols . 
  i have 3 ranks in the perk now , i have obtained about 2000 of my main ammo since then , and god knows how much of everything else . 
  can confirm the perk is awesome . 
  i have literally only used the power armor once , at the start vs the deathclaw . 
  ever since then i 've never used it . 
  the silver shroud armor is good enough ,, 
  thanks . 
  i was wondering what this is about . 
  would this be invisible/even wearable under the silver shroud armor ? 
  well i see you do n't have high perception . 
  i use vats for everything . 
  my hit chance is incredibly high , and increases with each shot i take . 
  i 'm level 52 currently , and i do n't think i 've yet done all the bos/railroad/minutemen quests . 
  i 'm at the part where i infiltrate the institute . 
  holy shit i remember that . 
  thank fuck i knew how to use the console . 
  come fly with me ended my first new vegas playtrough . 
  not because of the bug . 
  but because of that fucking level design and i got lost so fucking bad i just quit . 
  i loved the villa part . 
  felt really `` survivor horror '' - y. 
  but fuck those speakers inside the casino . 
  just today i shot a wood barricade a guy was hiding behind . 
  it totally fell down and broke . 
  i was amazed . 
  without scrounger ? 
  definitely . 
  get 3 ranks in scrounger and you will literally not be able to spend up the ammo on one gun , let alone all of them . 
  well , i am playing on normal so i do n't need to use up that much ammo . 
  what the fuck ? 
  hiding the disk away ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  you break up with that bitch immediately . 
  i almost shed a tear for lily 's route . 
  undertale did make me feel the feels , but did n't even come close to crying . 
  if you only beat greed mode once after a 23 loss streak ... you 're not ready for the new character . 
  it 's mostly the `` shoots twice '' modification . 
  my sniper has the double shot perk and does ~ 220 damage ( so it would do 110 without ) . 
  i one shot swan with a sneak critical attack . 
  those random xp gains while wandering the mojave ... loved em .
