  i 'm arguing they 're there just to pander to people , literally stated by harvey himself in an interview . 
  and that ruins games for me , when devs go out of their way and ruin their game 's believability ( in however minor a way ) for such a stupid reason . 
  you 're guaranteed to encounter at the very least the duke abele one , and you 're very likely to find the note and the audiograph ( unless you 're just rushing through the game , at which point it 's not like anything will be too obvious for you ) . 
  yeah , political correctness is one of the worst things today ( after the whole isis thing of course ) . 
  yeah , it pisses me off so much . 
  literally never saw anyone say `` omg i love billie so much '' . 
  all people love daud . 
  so of course the logical thing is to make billie playable ... 
  the game 's really odd with performance . 
  i get almost consistent 60 fps ( most stuff is on very low ofc , except aa which is on max , and for some reason does n't affect fps even a little bit ) . 
  watch my specs :, 
  r7 260x, 
  shoulda use that engine on d2 . 
  void engine is terrible performance wise . 
  prey runs great . 
  eh , it 's basically the same . 
  i prefer corvo as the `` canon '' character . 
  definitely 100 % justifiable . 
  the guy is n't a maniac , 99 % chance he wo n't kill anyone again ( basically like any normal person ) . 
  if someone buttfucked your son for a year , would you not want to literally murder that fucker with your bare hands ? 
  i like trump and am not from america . 
  timer ? 
  am i forgetting something ? 
  what timer ? 
  13 years ( basically impossible to achieve ) ? 
  i know there was a timer in 1 for the water chip and then 500 days for the mutants . 
  man i just googled it , there 's no time limit . 
  the visions do n't matter basically . 
  there 's no time limit . 
  i remember editing the ini file myself , but that 's in order to have proper movement on the map . 
  what a nice way to dodge the question . 
  you know as well as i do you 'd feel more comfortable with a guy guarding you than a chick . 
  disabled people and women do exist , and they generally do n't defend heads of state . 
  awesome definition of what sjw 's do ... being decent human beings and respecting people ... 
  nice upvote botting by the way . 
  5 points in 40 minutes , on an old thread deep down in comments nobody should be checking right now , let alone 5 people . 
  well considering he 's the main character , who 'd think we get to see inside his brain a lot ? 
  oh do n't get me started on billie . 
  i 've never once seen `` billie is great i hope we play as her '' but i 've seen plenty of `` we want daud again '' . 
  soooo ... why exactly are we playing as her again in doto ( with no chance to play daud even , otherwise i would n't give a shit ) . 
  i literally linked somewhere above how women go through way less strict requirements than men . 
  i have no doubt some women out there could kick my ass . 
  but that number is astronomically low , and would be thanks to technique . 
  if you gave me the chance of fighting ( to the death ) 10 random women or 3 random men , who do you think i 'd pick ? 
  not really , because then it 'd be too obvious . 
  yet he 's still in the story ? 
  so it 's clearly not finished . 
  yes , astronomically low , as i have linked above , that nearly all men are stronger than nearly all women , and that the strongest women are generally just a little bit stronger than the average man . 
  and i 'm probably stronger than the average man . 
  not by a whole lot , but i lift . 
  no doubt . 
  but as the thread is downvoted , the thread 's off the front page . 
  not many new people will find it . 
  and especially not give a fuck to read this deep down into the comments . 
  and then have that happen x5 in 40 minutes , almost 2 days after the thread is originally posted . 
  [ here you go , for your convenience . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/4vcxd0/almost_all_men_are_stronger_than_almost_all_women/ ), 
  5 is n't really few , and there 's probably some more i forgot . 
  and it 's not just for aramis , it 's for basically any `` controversial '' character . 
  i just took him as an example . 
  like how they intentionally call emily 's lover `` wyman '' and avoid describing him at all , just so 2 % of people could fangirl how emily 's gay/bi . 
  yes , it is just you . 
  azazel is insanely strong compared to anyone else . 
  i ca n't even begin to describe how much . 
  yeah he has range problems and that can fuck him on the hush/delirium/arguably isaac fights , but apart from that he destroys everything . 
  apollyon is an oversight ( like half of the stuff in ab + ) and is locked in some versions , as he should be . 
  men are taller on average . 
  that alone gives them more strength ( not directly , but you get what i mean ) . 
  assuming you take a man and women of same height , weight , a man will generally have a better ratio of muscles to fat , and assuming they have the same ratio , a man will still be stronger simply because they 're built differently , and have more strength in the upper part of the body ( which is why women have the advantage in some competitions i forgot , because their builds fit better ) . 
  if i knew a woman was just as capable as a man , i would not care either way . 
  hell could even be an advantage to distract the would be assassin . 
  [ but as i said , the standards are different . ], 
  ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3521538/army-fitness-tests-written-make-sure-female-soldiers-qualify-line-duty.html ) pay attention to the following :, 
   and analysis of recent army recruits suggests only 30 women a year would pass the current physical standards for joining the front line units . 
   the study found : ` we know that women are built differently to men -- higher fat mass , less muscle mass , less cardio output , which leads to greater/quicker energy deficit than men and they have to work harder to achieve the same output . ', 
  [ also this . 
  ] ( https://www.marinecorpstimes.com/story/military/careers/marine-corps/2016/04/12/marine-corps-men-and-women-must-meet-same-standards-combat-jobs/82934800/ ), 
  i do remember geoff curnow being gay as i played d1 over 10 times . 
  breanna is very unsubtly hinted to be delilah 's lover . 
  you realize how unlikely it is for him to have gotten 5 upvotes in some random ass discussion almost nobody should see after 40 minutes , especially considering he 's at the same number 4 hours later ? 
  i probably would have been fine getting trash items until the end because holy fuck after the shitshow that was , i felt like i had polyphemus sacred heart just from laz 2 's base stats . 
  but 2 floors after that i got [ ] ( / s `` magic mush , epic fetus , ceremonial robes . 
  so yeah it was pretty easy afterwards . 
  started with isaac 's heart like 10 runs ago . 
  i was sure that was it until i found a dice room on caves 1 . 
  i noticed that as well . 
  and it was linked 13 hours pre your comment . 
  well , like i said , some ** eden ** runs just are n't meant to be . 
  this ended up being a laz run :d, 
  that being said considering i got magic mush and epic fetus like 2 floors afterwards i probably coulda done it as eden after that , but it 's a question of would i live those 2 floors . 
  soy milk is only good with a couple of synergies . 
  bob 's brain can be good in a few situations , where your damage is very shitty , so you actually try to aim it and not just willy-nilly take random damage . 
  i 'm on the subreddit often and it 's the first time i saw it being void specific . 
  yeah i 've seen about a hundred `` womb xl boss two rooms away '' , but first time for void . 
  guillotine is arguably a good item since it gives stat upgrades + orbital ( at least i take it constantly ) . 
  tiny planet is almost never good since it just fucks up your shooting with no stats upgrades . 
  i 'd give it like a -2 tear delay at least . 
  i wonder if this will trigger it . 
  so erm ... yeah about that . 
  number 59 .
