  i 'd argue devil deals still have higher average item quality . 
  what are you on about . 
  pyromancy is crazy op . 
  magic is great as well . 
  faith sucks admittedly . 
  also chameleon mode is so fun to play , you could hand the controls to a 5 year old and he could probably get to all the bosses . 
  yeah ca n't cheese bosses , but before that hidden body + spook + ring that restores fp on backstabs = enemies ca n't hit you at all and you just backstab all of them . 
  you do n't ** need ** anything to beat him . 
  i beat him with eden starts with shit stats . 
  that being said he is bullshit , i wish he would n't heal . 
  my first run , where i wanted to check out the new rooms , i got 3 rooms with no items , and when i finally got a choice of 4 i had no keys to take any ... 
  could it be related to graphic settings ? 
  it 's all on very low as my pc is not that good . 
  i love this item . 
  never reroll it . 
  i may be overrating it but meh . 
  -4 tear delay would be fine . 
  maybe , cause it gives you soy milk tears if you 're at the tear cap . 
  but it requires you to be at a bad amount of health , and also it 's a 2 heart devil deal item . 
  the lower your tear delay , and the higher your damage the better cancer is . 
  i got the wafer on last 4 runs , and judas ' shadow on 3 of those 4 runs . 
  you can hex edit your save file like i did . 
  anti grav is miles above tiny planet . 
  it 's literally just a tear delay down if you tap shoot . 
  you got ta hex edit 2 values ( i believe 0x478 and 0x170 ) to 1 ( achievement obtained ) , i actually forgot how to do it . 
  it 's not that difficult . 
  and then you have to [ recalculate file checksum so your file does n't show up as corrupted . 
  ] ( https://github.com/bladecoding/isaacsavefilecrc/releases/tag/v1.0 ), 
  so turns out this is a part of `` anti-aliasing '' which was turned off completely . 
  setting it to even the weakest one turns the glow on . 
  anti-aliasing was the problem . 
  dunno , my problem is solved . 
  odd as heck . 
  make her thiccer ... so i can actually maybe see and fight her once . 
  beat mom 's foot -  unlock 2 more floors and new `` final '' boss . 
  beat new `` final '' boss 10 times -  2 more paths unlocked . 
  beat each of the 2 paths 5 times -  they each unlock a separate path . 
  each of those 2 separate paths is the end point for most runs , but you also have a `` secret '' boss you can do on those floors . 
  there 's also time based challenges ( some rooms that only open if you get to them fast enough ) . 
  the choice is between godhead and crown of light . 
  sacred heart is a rerolled key piece ( which would mean godhead and crown of light were 2 other items entirely ) . 
  been waiting for this so long . 
  please be legit . 
  [ what do i do about this ? 
  i verified the files ( with the provided . bat file ) and they 're all ok . 
  i did n't download language packs . 
  [ this shows up after failed install . 
  ] ( https://image.prntscr.com/image/f49349a87e6b4c4098e491bd4def204e.png ) it seemed to crash when it got to `` shaders '' . 
  this worked for me ( these 2 updates ) . 
  edit : i see those are the same updates . 
  so everyone try these 2 . 
  i seem to have found a solution for me ( and some other guy ) . 
  this worked for me ( these 2 updates ) . 
  i seem to have found a solution for me ( and some other guy ) . 
  https://cs.rin.ru/forum/viewtopic.php?p=1473576#p1473576 this worked for me ( these updates ) . 
  shit , that is my ( very very small ) experience with stackoverflow . 
  i was trying to create a game in delphi ( high school student with very basic programming classes ) and i had a question about how to move an array of objects on the screen , and i got shat on with multiple `` do n't do that '' and `` use something else instead '' . 
  i accidentally spoiled an agatha christie book to a friend . 
  i opened a random page and picked a random name , said '' i read the last page , he 's the killer '' and thinking about how surprised he 'll be when someone else turns out to be the killer . 
  nope . 
  random ass name i picked turns out to be the real killer . 
  d2 is actually incredibly fun non lethally as well . 
  thank god for all the non-lethal combat options . 
  literally just google the names of the updates . 
  it 's the first link . 
  you may need a 3rd update ( i added it in the post ) which i already had from before . 
  dishonored 1 is a pretty short game tbh . 
  i 'd recommend playing it all . 
  mom 's knife is definitely a one item won run . 
  as long as you can get enough spirit hearts through whatever means ( not necessarily items ) you could beat the game with mk alone ( technically you could do it with no items at all but let 's be realistic ) . 
  oh yeah that 's for windows 7 . 
  we have n't figured out the exact updates for windows 10 yet . 
  just download them all . 
  i got i3 3210 , radeon r7 260 , 8gb of ram , and i get almost consistent 60 fps on 1366x768 . 
  oh god , no . 
  i despise level scaling . 
  it totally ruins immersion . 
  i 'd rather the game be a breeze and make sense , rather than enemies magically getting stronger as you do . 
  if they get stronger at the same time what even is the point of leveling ? 
  gameplay 's better , i definitely felt more connected to the story in 1 though . 
  mod support of course . 
  but i 've not seen another game actually take some mods and mark them `` officially part of the game '' consistently . 
  i may not be explaining myself exactly . 
  like sure i 've modded the shit out of skyrim like everyone else , but my skyrim mods are different than anyone else 's while everyone is getting the same booster packs . 
  i really do not like billie ( it 's not that i hate her , i just really never cared for her ) , so i dislike how hard they 're pushing for her to be `` badass '' . 
  i would love it if we could play as daud . 
  [ this one ? 
  kids these days ... back in my day we had to alt tab to platinumgod ... twice ... through snow ... 
  took me like 30 runs or so to beat mom the first time . 
  now i win probably around 98 % of my runs . 
  you literally just need to `` git gud '' . 
  i also played all the dark souls games and did a sl1 run of ds1 and 3 , so i can assure you , just as they `` clicked '' at one point , so will isaac . 
  just practice . 
  and look up items on platinumgod . 
  they 're following ??? 
  's soul . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'd love that to be the option . 
  i meet all the conditions . 
  carnaca is in chaos .
