  luckily i had spoiled myself on the `` exploration '' of skellige so i did n't waste all that time going around with a boat just to get random loot . 
  because i count on it removing more baggage than it would add . 
  eh , i 'm not from the usa . 
  i 'm from serbia actually . 
  so that may be a bit complicated . 
  eh , how often does one get superbum anyway ? 
  also , not everyone likes breaking runs . 
  they used to be fun before when they were rarer but now it 's too easy to break the game . 
  1001 % here as well , only seen it once ... and it was a non breaking run actually . 
  by `` being a bitch '' i meant `` not allowing demon/bloodborne on pc '' . 
  nah , like i said i 'm very tidy about stuff like that . 
  but i hoped the software would find anything i missed . 
  basically the only things running constantly are avast , lightshot , wizmouse ( scroll the window the mouse is currently in , no matter if it 's active , incredibly useful ) and realtek hd audio manager . 
  ehm , if i understand it correctly , from has no issues with releasing stuff on the pc . 
  but i think sony does n't let them . 
  if they released on the pc , from would make way more money . 
  well , i can not confirm anything , but if they were free to do what they want , why not release the 2 games on pc , when it 's obvious they 'll sell like crazy . 
  exploring is n't fun for some . 
  i did it after the last `` main game boss '' . 
  here 's my `` headcanon explanation for it '' :, 
  [ spoiler  ( / s '' after beating nashandra and aldia , the bearer of the curse , unsatisfied with the choice presented to him , walks away from the throne of want . 
  he instead seeks a different way to defeat the undead curse . 
  and he does so , with the help of vendrick . 
  he collects all the 3 crowns and essentially defeats the curse , at least as far as he is concerned . 
  the curse is still there , but he is free from its ' effects . 
  and that is better than nothing . '' ), 
  maybe it was intentionally easier before , so people would n't get stuck and everyone would have something to show ? 
  man i hope you 're trying to troll right now . 
  i legit prefer ds2  ds1 . 
  i 'm not really big on lore and stuff , just in it for the gameplay . 
  and i like ds2 gameplay more . 
  look at all these options i will turn off / to low ... 
  sorry , regurgitated ? 
  english is not my native language . 
  i do the same , but i start out as a warrior , rather than a knight . 
  and i also take a healing spell . 
  that being said for both my second playtroughs of ds1 and ds2 i went sorcerer . 
  it was incredibly fun in ds1 , and a bit less so in ds2 ( as he was a lot weaker than i expected ) , but fun nonetheless . 
  i was under the impression everyone hates ds2 . 
  wherever i go it 's always `` b team this '' and `` earthen peak to iron keep that '' . 
  especially on youtube . 
  from what i understand , if you get more it 's because your character has a damage multiplier ( blue baby has like a 1.05 multiplier , lazarus 2 has 1.2 , i think cain does as well , judas is like 1.3 or something etc ) . 
  and then there 's diminishing returns the more damage ups you get . 
  the pretty fly was first  :| saved him vs dark one . 
  sorry , can you explain the friendly ball meme ? 
  maggy has base damage ( 1 multiplier ) . 
  that 's eve you 're thinking about . 
  but yeah , it 's weird . 
  oh right i did n't even look at that . 
  i just assumed it was some twitch meme since i do n't want nl 's streams . 
  oh right i did n't even look at that . 
  i just assumed it was some twitch meme since i do n't want nl 's streams . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not that dumb to not know what pokemon is :d, 
  is he the one that 's a box ? 
  i laughed so hard when i got backstabbed as i was opening a chest . 
  luckily i had just enough hp left to kill him but it was still funny . 
  i just gave up on that part ... well , did n't give up but i savescummed so i would n't have to do that run back every time ( copy a save file from just outside the fog wall ) . 
  it was still annoying because the durability loss is crazy , my greatsword broke about halfway through the fight and i had to get a new weapon mid fight ... how 's durability for ds3 ? 
  i prefer familiars on lilith . 
  it 's not too bad to set up the second incubus , and if you have more than that then you 're probably in boss rush , when it wo n't matter as you 'll destroy everything . 
  the plan was n't to cut out the sacrifice rooms entirely . 
  just the buff to them . 
  yeah , i think he goes way overboard with rerolls , trying to be `` zany '' . 
  when he has a meh run , sure reroll all the way , but if you 've already got a somewhat entertaining run , why possibly ruin it ? 
  i mean in this case it made for a more entertaining video but it easily could have not . 
  kb&m work perfectly in ds2 . 
  need dsmfix for ds1 . 
  i ca n't play with a controller at all , moving the camera is awkward as opposed to the almost pixel perfect movement of the mouse , and my fingers start hurting after a while of using the controller . 
  kb&m here , controllers feel awfully clunky to use . 
  i just hope the halberd is back to its ' ds1 moveset . 
  hm , it may not work so for you , but it works amazingly for me . 
  i do n't use the `` double click '' stuff though . 
  disabled that immediately . 
  i copied my ds1 controls :, 
  rmb : block ( left weapon fast attack ) . 
  middle : lock on . 
  shift : parry ( left weapon heavy ) . 
  tab : heavy attack . 
  the only issue i have is `` guard break '' with the mouse , but i just press h for that instead . 
  well , i kinda have only the 2 buttons on my mouse so ... 
  and i just like block on rmb . 
  it 's comfy for just holding it down . 
  i 'm similar . 
  i know basically everything about the game , except some very fringe case scenarios , but i ca n't get a streak larger than 5 going . 
  i just always get bored with how slow i 'm killing stuff and end up taking way too much stupid damage . 
  i think it 's because i always watch nl at 2x speed so when i play at regular speed it seems so drawn out . 
  huh , i feel exactly the opposite . 
  i love watching basically won runs because then he can go on tangents such as `` orgasming on funerals - blessing or a curse '' and similar ones . 
  when i found it in ds2 i was like `` yeah halberd '' ... and then i tried it out ... 
  it would annoy me very much to not be able to precisely move the camera around . 
  also my fingers hurt after a while of playing with a controller . 
  what are eve 's base stats ? 
  nl only plays on hard , and i do n't know if he saw them more than once in his ~ 300 episodes . 
  1257 , thank you . 
  i 'm 90 % sure he saw them once . 
  in isaac 's room i believe . 
  i of course could be wrong . 
  serbia 's pretty bad otherwise ... but absolutely nobody cares about torrenting . 
  in the past year i 've downloaded about 500gb of games only , and then there 's the other stuff . 
  no hiding .
