  actually posted it above . 
  dwtd after the 2x fallen had whore of babylon , abbadon and demon baby . 
  there actually was an envy room on the cathedral on the way to the boss . 
  played through with azazel . 
  you just reminded me of the strawman nl always makes up . 
  can you link it ? 
  i ca n't find it on either his twitch or youtube . 
  holy shit that 's a long video . 
  i was thinking about the cliche `` waving a watch in front of your eyes '' hypnosis . 
  yep . 
  all i got from that part , was a very logical question and an answer . 
  save 300 or 200 people ? 
  easy choice . 
  it 's literally numbers . 
  i did n't realize that 's what would happen ( the whole killing the entire world thing ) . 
  i 'm save scumming like a maniac for like 5 minutes ( using a fate point every time ) and i failed every single time . 
  edit : gave up and used a save editor to give me master pickpocket and max ranks in it ... and i still managed to fail with the fate point for about 5 times . 
  i succeeded now , but does n't this seem stupid ... 
  i 'm curious about this , but is mcdonald 's cheap in usa ? 
  cause over here in serbia mcdonald 's expensive as shit ( mcmenu costs 500 rsd , for that i can get 2x200g and 1x100g proper burger with all the additions ) . 
  i 've got i3 3210 , radeon 260x , 8gb of ram , and a ck2 campaign that started at the first start date started lagging really badly around 1200 . 
  by 1300 i was getting 20 fps ( on max speed ) when moving the map . 
  there 's a lot of dead people and events firing when you control the whole map . 
  4.1575 euro, 
  google 's a thing : <, 
   do n't drop the left hand on the chest . 
   become guppy . 
  yeah ... that did n't happen . 
  what do i do now ? 
  if this works : where were you when i needed you ? 
  i agree with the other items being bad , but it 's not just because they have a 6 room charge ... it 's mostly because they 're shitty . 
  except the shears . 
  man , the shears are one of my favorite spacebar items . 
  i may even swap d6 for it , depending on how far in the run i am . 
  yeah already had that one . 
  captain was n't there . 
  had to disable the better resolution thingy to see him . 
  it was when i was like 7-8 so that would be ~ 10 years ago . 
  i would n't bank on that giving the answer as it definitely was n't a movie premiere . 
  saw it on tv . 
  this subreddit amazes me . 
  thank you . 
  i got 4 strength , 2 int , 3 subterfuge ( for that seduction ) , 2 melee , 1 stealth from book , 1 scholarship , and 2 celerity . 
  the rest of the stuff is at 1 or 0 . 
  do you think it 's good ? 
  also , i cheated maximum investigation for myself . 
  i do n't really like missing stuff just because i did n't check every corner ( i knew where the stealth book was and it still took me like 10 seconds to pick up so yeah screw that ) . 
  do n't think it 'll affect the game much , and it 'll just save me some time . 
  persuasion is at 6 , seduction is at 4 : <, 
  so , you sleep with her after they are `` tourette '' ? 
  or before ? 
  i believe that is for the unofficial + patch ? 
  i 'm using the regular basic one . 
  does this also work for the curse rooms ? 
  since , you know , they can contain 9 lives . 
  if you could , that 'd be even better . 
  wondering , how long did this take you ? 
  i 'm learning some basic programming in school and , while i understand some of that stuff ( like the part that makes isaac move , and the part where you control restarts ) , the rest seems really complicated ( though i guess i could just not be paying attention to the variable names ) . 
  if i understood correctly , it should n't be much different from the item rooms . 
  this would just automate the annoying proccess of restarting , how is that not playing fair ? 
  azazel can literally have no items and still beat the chest . 
  he is , by all means , a free win . 
  well yeah , assuming perfect play . 
  but azazel can consistently do it if played by any half decent player . 
  i just assumed that anyone that 's here has finished most of the content . 
  hm ... what if you were to say `` kill everyone in the area that is currently recognized as most people of today by [ insert country name here ] '' . 
  would that be enough to fulfill your homicidal wish , but hurt nobody else ? 
  heh , i guess that 'd be a good enough compromise for our hypothetical homicidal maniac . 
  get your wish fulfilled and not have the entire world ( and you ) killed . 
  i do n't see it working with your wish being anything other than killing someone though , as apparently the grail can do nothing but kill . 
  guess winning would only matter to homicidal maniacs then . 
  i hoped you 'd comment here . 
  even cobalt said it was a shit item . 
  soy milk also has an amazing synergy with libra , yet i do n't pick up soy milk every time i see it ( and i know your mileage may vary ) . 
  there 's no reason not to . 
  there 's barely any difference , and you 'll want to fill out the post it note anyway . 
  may as well not have to do it twice like i did . 
  this ... would be really fun actually . 
  it really is this . 
  you can specifically see this like 20 episodes ago , he named it `` flying v '' . 
  that episode still does n't have a regular thumbnail , and the youtube one is indeed a flying v . so this is it ( though the dick and dictionary theory sounds funny enough ) . 
  oddly enough , i had another one this morning , without trying for it . 
  realized it cause my dead grandma showed up , so i went and did magic and stuff ( again mostly telekinesis , i appear to specialize in that ) . 
  same save , fuck getting meatboy/bondage girl / the lost again . 
  some people recently found a glitch in super mario world that dropped the world record from 9 minutes to like 2-3 . 
  it 's perfectly legit . 
  needs to have a limit or you 'd just save a shitload of flies/spiders , run into blue baby and win 1 sec later . 
  went 15/8/12 / 12/14/14 ( at least i think that 's how it went ) . 
  read about the `` game hates you and rounds down numbers '' so i had to get 12 int and something had to be sacrificed ( so i chose dex , as i 'm planning to get str to 20 ) . 
  if you want to prove it to yourself ( i did the same thing as you , but i went and redid the chest legit , cba 2 dark room and boss rush ) why not just do it on the completed save file ? 
  leaving them there does literally no harm . 
  this way you just wo n't feel like you ** have ** to win , and will probably play better . 
  played isaac . 
  found the egg through / r/bindingofisaac, 
  so this is a thing again ? 
  cool . 
  do n't have time now but will definitely check it out later . 
  he 's alright . 
  not my favorite , but definitely not cain/maggy tier . 
  this may be kind of late , but for some reason i read `` beekeeper '' as `` librarian '' and was really confused .
