  won boss rush , hush , mega satan/chest with epic fetus . 
  i do n't remember the dark room run . 
  greatest trouble for me was the fucking random movement spike room where you have to press the 2 buttons . 
  i see what you 're trying to do there . 
  too bad you got downvoted . 
  i heard the last boss is pretty hard . 
  malak was pretty difficult , but i did n't know i could use the aoe health drain skill on the bodies , that woulda made him a lot easier . 
  do you maybe know how high i need my intelligence at in order to get 2 skill points per level as guardian ? 
  i took a look and apparently they `` fixed '' the intelligence and anything over 10 ( in multiples of 2 ) will do for a +1 every time . 
  do you know how much intelligence i need for dialogue choices ? 
  will 16 be enough ? 
  everything about the bloat is dodgeable . 
  you can consistently hit it with `` curved '' shots , and when you get behind it it 's easy mode . 
  rag man is a piece of shit , at least by the time you meet the bloat you have some damage usually . 
  i may have had extensive luck over several hundred hours , but i do n't think i 've encountered the `` instant bloat laser '' thing . 
  i always felt i had enough time to dodge them . 
  he does go overboard on the `` zaniness '' . 
  sometimes he has a perfectly fun run , like cricket 's body and something , and it 's actually good , then he decides to reroll it . 
  i 'm all up for making the runs fun , but if you already have a fun run , do n't reroll it into something shitty . 
  yeah , i 'm figuratively screaming in some of his greed mode runs where he keeps buying tears upgrades and going `` oh torn photo this is great '' . 
  i had to get missing hud for that reason . 
  never had it in rebirth because it mostly does n't matter , you 're stuck with what you get on normal runs unless you have the d6 . 
  greed mode 's different though . 
  i 'd take 2 black hearts over 1 red any time of the day ( on the first floor ) . 
  but yeah , even if he has shit stats he 'll probably do more dps than lilith . 
  how do i prevent colonial nations from forming ? 
  i am almost 100 % positive it 's a bug because it was n't there at the release of afterbirth . 
  pretty sure i read in the latest patch discussion that it 's a `` new bug '' . 
  something something monstro 's lung , eve 's mascara , double triple shot . 
  i am almost positive you can still save scum because i did it as the keeper on a bullshit guaranteed damage room that i died in . 
  alt f4 'd and came back at the beginning of the floor . 
  glowing hourglass is without a doubt my favorite item in afterbirth . 
  i ca n't say it 's the strongest , but definitely my favorite . 
  even without the battery . 
  ... now if only the egg would understand that and not skip it every time , while taking cursed eye or that amazing monstro 's lung double triple shot eve 's mascara combo . 
  hour long runs ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  this is amazing for any kind of run ( got hit in the red hearts ? 
  oh no ... except you have the hourglass ) , and can actually speed up your runs ( by you instantly teleporting out of a dead end/worthless arena ) . 
  you actually get used to it after a while . 
  i 'm confused when i see the neat and orderly ones . 
  i 'm gon na guess austria otherwise that 's some border gore . 
  well , you 're probably more likely to get to hush by 20 minutes as the keeper , than as any other character because 99 % of players will restart until they get an op item . 
  i may be wrong , but is n't it literally bad with eve 's mascara as the damage and tears cancel each other , but then you have all stats down cause of shot speed down ? 
  kebab not removed , christians do n't hold constantinople . 
  3/10 nice try . 
  have you stopped to consider that maybe , winning is fun ? 
  that guy sucked , but in my game he sired a 5/5/4 ( upgraded to a 5/5/6 due to an event ) . 
  i was very pleasantly surprised . 
  like father like son ? 
  not quite . 
  [ my first time playing the country actually . 
  well , i 'm asking for a slightly faster way . 
  yeah . 
  1500-ish , and the 2 blobs ( green blue and orange ) in northern africa are my 2 vassals . 
  hm ... mind giving me some tips on how to remove kebab that fast ? 
  i 'd be playing as serbia . 
  i 'm not really going to do that , both because i 'm too lazy to buy a controller , and also because i find controllers ... clunky . 
  that 's really not the point . 
  i will be playing with kb & m and am looking for specific information ( how to switch the 2 buttons around ) . 
  well , yeah , i 'd like to backstep when i combine it with `` s '' ( back direction ) . 
  and when i just press it alone i 'd like to roll backwards . 
  basically switch around backstepping and back rolling . 
  sure , but i will most definitely be playing without a controller . 
  so i need the `` help '' to make the keyboard controls as good as i can . 
  can i just ask how the fuck do all these keys open so many locks and why do they disappear when used ? 
  i mean , i know it 's for gameplay reasons but it 's just not logical . 
  yeah , i do n't think i 've used the sacrifice rooms more than once in all my isaac playtime ( technically played vanilla , but only really got into the game when rebirth came out ) before afterbirth . 
  because it just makes sense . 
  removing a curse of darkness/lost will not affect the game in a major way , and it 's a nice touch . 
  i may be having trouble understanding you but here 's the way it is :, 
  space = backstep, 
  space + key = roll in that direction, 
  the way i want it to be :, 
  space + s = backstep, 
  space = roll backwards, 
  all the other rolls to be the same as they are now . 
  i just got used to it from the witcher 3 , and every time i try to back step i end up rolling instead . 
  i do n't think removing a curse that is basically a minor annoyance would be very imbalanced . 
  this is my favorite item in afterbirth . 
  it 's so amazingly op and fun to use it 's ridiculous . 
  got hit in red hearts ? 
  just rewind time . 
  arena/curse room has nothing of value in it ? 
  just rewind time . 
  hit a dead end that 's annoying ( like super envy or something ) ? 
  just rewind time . 
  hit too many times on a room ? 
  boy if only you had something that let you try again . 
  picked up soy milk on curse of the blind ? 
  time powers go . 
  9.5 / 10 would n't give up the d6 for . 
  if you look at it that way 9 lives can be a free deal . 
  yeah , fucking spain 's first ruler ( the very shitty one ) lived 70 years for me . 
  enrique thankfully died before him , and my next king was a 5/5/6 ... that promptly died at the ripe age of 40 . 
  palpatine fights the jedi/windu in the 3rd movies is what i believe he mans . 
  it 's not ? 
  if you get insulted by something on the internet , it may not be for you . 
  yes i am aware . 
  i watched all of them .
