  the guy that 's supposed to give me the quest is not there . 
  i messed around in the console to reset the quest state and spawn the guy next to me , and that makes the townies shoot me if i enter the town ( and i ca n't talk to the gatekeeper to do the goat test ) . 
  anyone knows of a way to fix this ? 
  i should probably specify i 've never entered that town . 
  [ removed ], 
  basically i watch all youtube videos at 2x speed . 
  is there a way to do that on a phone ? 
  videos at regular speed just sound so weird . 
  is there a way to basically `` force '' a soldier to have psionic powers ? 
  i 've created `` myself '' and would really like to have powers . 
  i 've read something about multiple saves but i did n't really understand it that well . 
  is there a mod that makes the game pause while you 're in inventory ? 
  playing on the pc , so the inventory is ... confusing to me . 
  considering it was done for twitch plays dark souls it obviously can be done but does anyone know how ? 
  anyone has a legit english star wars torrent ? 
  only ones i found on kat were that fake one and some russian/spanish or something . 
  can sharp plug show up in the shop of greed mode ? 
  i 've been holding r for like 10 minutes now , and rerolling every shop , yet i never saw it . 
  i am planning to play kotor 2 . 
  i 've played 1 , and would like to know what starting stats you guys 'd recommend . 
  i 'll go with double bladed lightsaber . 
  i know that in kotor 1 there were some stat increases that affected what you should set for example your strength at ( with the +3 from the dark side meaning you should start out with an odd str ) . 
  and does the `` restored content '' mod ( which i 'm planning to install , for the first playtrough ) affect those stats in any way ? 
  was there some gameplay balancing done in that mod ? 
  so , can someone explain the `` influence '' to me ? 
  i want to go dark side , but it breaks my heart when i 'm mean to poor t3 . 
  and if i 'm nice to him i get stupid light side points . 
  is influence important ? 
  will someone leave if i let their influence drop too low ? 
  i started as a daimyo , and am close to uniting japan ( fucking 1/1/1 regency for a 2/2/2 heir ) . 
  after that i 'll probably start colonizing america . 
  i 've a few questions :, 
  1 ) can i westernize if my colonial nation has a border with westerners ? 
  2 ) if i colonize , will my colonial nation westernize too ? 
  3 ) anyone can explain what i 'm about to do more in depth ( such as , colonize there and there , do that and that etc ) . 
  so i usually play serbia in every patch , and eventually of course i blob and get bored . 
  thing is , i am not satisfied with how long it takes me to get to the point where i completely remove kebab ( various decades of the 17th century , depending on the rng ) . 
  with the new lazarus achievement someone else may actually play serbia for once , so with that , does anyone have a strategy that will wreck ottomans as soon as possible ? 
  make them a non-threat before 1500 ? 
  my strategy will have to be a bit changed with the whole `` new alliance system '' and `` ragusa guaranteed by the ottomans '' . 
  so any news about challenge runs ( vanilla type custom challenge runs , not the ones in the game ) ? 
  i swear i remember nl saying he 'd do them in rebirth yet that never happened . 
  now of course , he 's gon na want to get 1001 % first , and that 's ok , but will they be making a comeback at any point ? 
  can someone tell me if there are any more solo companion fights ? 
  i really do not give a shit at all about my companion builds , as my character is more than enough for the enemies . 
  that 's why my game probably woulda ended in that bar fight as atton if i could not just run behind the counter ( it took like a minute of shooting the damn girls to kill them and they kill me in 2 seconds ) . 
  with that , are there any more mandatory fights like that ( i happen to know about atton vs darth whateverhisnameis , i 'll probably just let atton lose that one unless there 's also a way to exploit it ) so i can prepare ? 
  so how to expand in the hre exactly ? 
  ca n't take more than 2-3 provinces or else everyone in europe is suddenly in a coalition . 
  is there a way to make it so backstep is activated when i use s and space rather than just space ? 
  it just kinda feels better to me to hold the direction i 'm moving . 
  i 'm at some bonfire with the ladder up above , and have 3 deaths , 1 from some giant skeleton and 2 from rolling off the cliff because i keep pressing s + space when i want to backstep . 
  i do n't really see a way to do this in the options ( though i could just be blind , but man is the menu counter intuitive , first time i loaded up the game i could n't even switch between menus , left and right arrows just did nothing ) . 
  tl ; dr switch backstep and roll backwards buttons . 
  anyone knows of a good way to farm for the sworn protector item ? 
  the one that 's basically guardian angel without the face . 
  it 's the only item i need for 1001 % for weeks now , and i kinda lost all hope of seeing it . 
  so i just started playing . 
  i rung the first bell , and came across a really awesome weapon with the name `` halberd '' . 
  i absolutely love its ' moves , the fast attack has a very decent range and often hits multiple targets , while the heavy attack is dope as heck . 
  basically bladestorm with only one spin . 
  i must ask though , is it viable to use the halberd ( eventually to be upgraded to +15 ) through the entire game . 
  i do have the `` zweihander '' and `` black knight greatsword '' weapons and heard they were pretty good and have good str scaling , but they just seem clunky for me ( not to mention i ca n't 1 hand the greatsword , and i really like my shield ) . 
  note : i do not pvp at all , play in offline mode . 
  also , say a weapon has 90 % strength scaling . 
  does that mean 90 % of my strength gets added to the damage ? 
  that seems really weak . 
  so ... what exactly causes the ottomans which i just destroyed , forced to break all alliances , took all of their money and asked for war reparations and stole like 10 provinces from , [ to willingly give me military access ? 
  what 's `` gave access to enemies '' ? 
  has trust been changed in the cossacks ? 
  before i would eventually get to 100 trust with any ally . 
  i 've been allied to austria and france for 150 years and i am at like 50 with both . 
  so i always hear how touhou is a pretty cool bullet hell and i like those kinds of games . 
  with that said , there 's many many titles in the series . 
  which one would you recommend i should play first . 
  on pc . 
  how exactly can i force countries to leave the coalition ? 
  i ate all of poland , half of austria , and switzerland ( fed poland to kiev , released switzerland and fed them austria ) and now ... literally the entire hre , sweden , russia and ! persia !, 
  are in a coalition against me . 
  now i 'm not actually worried about losing here as i 'm pretty massive , but it 'd be such a drag to fight them all . 
  how would i get them to leave the coalition , apart from just waiting ( since i assume they wo n't declare on my 200k troops , france and byzantine 's 60k , savoy 's 40k , brandenburg 's 40k and kiev 's 30k , and russia is 5k in debt and stuck in 2 wars + civil war ) ? 
  perhaps i could guarantee them all ( most of them border me ) and revoke it instantly to generate a truce ? 
  anyone else feels like pills should be changed/buffed in afterbirth + ? 
  as it is now , i 'm at the point where i 'll just stop taking them altogether . 
  there 's too little good pills to make it worth the risk . 
  i propose the following changes :, 
  the `` neutral '' pills list has to be changed . 
  why are ?? 
  ? , one makes you larger , r u a wizard , paralysis , addicted and similar all neutral pills ? 
  those are pretty bad in my opinion . 
  the pill pool ( which is apparently 13 now ) needs to have at least 3-4 good pills guaranteed , and then the 9-10 that are left can be random . 
  this should at the very least make pills worth testing . 
  bring back friends till the end :(, 
  also i 'd personally give phd the `` all good pills '' effect , with neutral pills converting into random good pills , and give the luck foot the `` not bad pills '' effect . 
  i would n't say cain 's a bad character anymore , with the paper clip , but he 's just kinda boring . 
  at least he 'd be popping pills that way . 
  late game how much cavalry should i be using ? 
  specifically , 4 or 6 ? 
  i 've been using 4 all the time until now but i just read somewhere that you should sometimes use 6 ** depending on your army maneuver ** . 
  what is meant by maneuver ?
