  3 soul hearts . 
  the bible . 
  erm ... if i understood correctly , you want us to guess what fucked up your run ? 
  tiny planet or strange attractor are my bets . 
  yeah , probably . 
  the wording kinda confused me ( even if it may be totally correct ) as i 'm not native in english . 
  depends . 
  the game really does become boring if you pick it up . 
  but sometimes the game just fucks me so i want to fuck it right back . 
  [ this ] ( http://prntscr.com/6zno6h ) is basically what it looks like . 
  the `` timeline '' gets unactive , and i ca n't do anything with it until i refresh the page . 
  using chrome . 
  singleplayer . 
  the only reason i figured out who it was is because a friend spoiled for me that [ not really that much of a spoiler ] ( / s `` the heroes are n't all necessarily from the past only '' ) . 
  otherwise i would have had no clue . 
  this may sound dumb , but what does zr stand for ? 
  i thought of this before , and have used it successfully in the past but ... i usually get a lot of spirit hearts , so i 'm not sure it 's worth it . 
  thanks . 
  i ca n't understand the formatting of that site . 
  looks all messed up to me . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  can someone explain it to me ? 
  ohhh ... i thought it was put in by the op to show something being weird . 
  i think spectral tears are a must , and i 'd love the d6 ( just to not be told fuck you by like 1/4th of the items in the game ( flight and hp ) ) . 
  got the most op item of all : esc + alt f4 . 
  that last paragraph is really what should have been done , and it would be an awesome update ( just have the bosses be harder , not tanky sponges ) . 
  since we 've already got `` poland can into space '' we may as well have `` remove kebab '' . 
  i get stars though , is there just a random one chillin ' anywhere ? 
  even though it 's cliche as fuck , lily 's was still the best . 
  only one that made me shed a tear . 
  shizune 's was boring , and i actively hated rin 's ( because i literally did not understand a thing she was saying ) . 
  hanako i liked but not too much just because she 's too shy , leaving emi second place for me . 
  you sound like my grandma . 
  i would not want to have this type of conversation . 
  it 's boring and unnecessary . 
  i do n't hold grudges . 
  if the dude is n't a massive dick , and can explain nicely why he did n't within a single sentence , it 's all cool . 
  see now , hearing that makes me want to engage in an internet penis measuring contest with you , but you were just so nice i 'll refrain . 
  i do n't wan na be a dick , but what exactly is the point of this thread ? 
  it sounds like something straight out of a bad sitcom . 
  call of duty of duty ? 
  i realize very well what he wanted to say . 
  it 's just written in a / r/thathappened kinda way . 
  i 'm like you . 
  i really do n't care about items . 
  i just want stats . 
  starting with curved horn gives me a boner . 
  i feel it 's definitely the `` best '' item . 
  not the most efficient one , but definitely best . 
  who does n't like spewing blood lasers ? 
  mom 's knife/epic fetus are boring . 
  maybe stronger , but definitely boring . 
  i think the `` bad '' items need to come with a pretty decent stat upgrade . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'm taking strange attractor , but i 'll always take guillotine because it comes with the stats . 
  trust me , i wanted to give it up as well . 
  but i stick through it and it 's one of the best anime i ever watched . 
  gave it a 9/10 only because of that stupidly slow start . 
  those , the exploding vaginal bomb flies , and isaac are literally the only things azazel has problems with . 
  for everything else az is # 1 . 
  this is better than even that 52 min eve run . 
  can confirm . 
  i watch every single one of his videos at 2x . 
  tuned in to the nlss and he sounded high . 
  i do n't think you realize how much the `` only from the past '' kind of thinking was imprinted deeply into my brain ( even though it was never actually said , i just assumed it ) . 
  that being said , i played the vn and only realized it because my friend explicitly spoiled it for me that spirits do n't have to be from the past . 
  pretty sure i would have been clueless otherwise . 
  as soon as he said that it all made sense . 
  i am 100 % sure . 
  all of them were the correct religion even . 
  a 2 of clubs really sorts this out . 
  it was one of the easier challenges for me because i just used bombs all the time , fuck the bean . 
  and infinite health with pyromaniac + ipecac/dr fetus/epic fetus is n't ? 
  isaac 's heart/blood rights ? 
  gnawed leaf/dll ? 
  blank card jera on the chest?i think if you 're lucky enough to get 2 of those , they should stack . 
  i wonder if the seeds are day to day based . 
  nl mentions it so often , getting the same items in the same day all the time . 
  true , but none of the other curses fuck you up this much ( if you take something on curse of the blind you better be ready for soymilk/dr fetus ) . 
  3 . steins ; gate . 
  definitely not . 
  and watching zero first spoils some big reveals in fsn . 
  from the wiki ( not directly ) : chances of shirou becoming archer at the end of all 3 routes ( fate , ubw and hf ) are very small , but still exist . 
  only endings i accept are true ones . 
  yeah , probably , but why does it work when i start the game ? 
  i had to edit the mod file and change the `` version number '' to the latest . 
  any way i could do that in a save file ? 
  i mean , i can start the game with `` new game '' and play just fine . 
  only when i actually load that sort of game it crashes . 
  hm , any ideas on what that could be ? 
  i could post the `` mod-save '' here if you know that kind of stuff ( and if you do n't that 's cool too ) . 
  erm , how do i go about doing the rollback ? 
  ah yeah found it , thanks . 
  reverted , and the game does work ( though i ca n't play el dorado , but oh well ) . 
  it works great , 
  yeah , but zero is meant to be watched afterwards . 
  it 's not a `` what happened '' series . 
  it 's a `` how it happened '' . 
  yeah , i was afraid of that . 
  how to always ensure they buy stuff ? 
  nope .
