  now you might be saying `` but the dev does n't know where you will be going and that causes these problems '' :, 
  1 ) you run into an area too hard . 
  you ca n't beat it . 
  2 ) you come back to an old area , you roflstomp it . 
  and both of those are exactly the point of leveling . 
  1 ) let 's say you meet `` dickfuck the dongsmasher '' and he rips your innards out through your bunghole . 
  if you ca n't cheese the ai then come back later when you 've leveled . 
  you are working towards a goal , to get stronger . 
  and if you can cheese the ai/legit beat it , you get awesome gear for your troubles . 
  and as for 2 ) that 's exactly the point of leveling ? 
  if you go back to `` random village of nobody gives a shit '' at max level , you should not be fighting sheep with rabies that are as strong as `` super hero of fucks everything up , that has saved the entire world and proven himself to be the very best '' . 
  of course it 'll be easy , it 's a low level area , and low level quests . 
  fallout 1 and 2 did n't have enemy scaling ( to the best of my knowledge , i may be wrong but it certainly did n't feel like they did ) and they were great games . 
  at the beginning you are a vault dweller with a silly little pistol that gets shit on . 
  you get stronger and end up as a sniper that one shots literally everything visible on the screen . 
  progression and immersion . 
  fallout 3 has mothership zeta , and if you go there at level 30 ( ie when you 're supposed to be the biggest motherfucker ) the aliens will have so many shields it will take hours to whittle them down . 
  they wo n't be challenging , just boring . 
  fallout nv has lonesome road , and if you go there at lvl 50 the enemies can literally one shot you and deal more damage than a `` legendary deatchlaw '' . 
  see the `` legendary '' part there ? 
  if every deathclaw in that place deals more damage than it then why is this one called `` legendary '' ? 
  whereas if you went there at lvl 30 you would have a much easier time than at lv 50 . 
  breaks immersion . 
  what do you think ? 
  i was wondering , are there any places where one can play `` rtd '' ? 
  short for roll to dodge it 's basically dungeons and dragons but without the stats . 
  you just say an action , and after a roll of the d6 , you succeed or fail in varying degrees . 
  i was just wondering , since there 's an ultra low mod , would i be able to run the game with at least 30 fps ? 
  i 've got an i3 3210 , and radeon 260x , with 8gb of ram . 
  i see in the `` disallowed submissions '' that i should not ask about hardware , but this is n't really about the base game ( that i according to gamedebate , would not be able to play ) and is rather about the ultra low mod , so i 'll ask the mods to allow this to stay . 
  if it is to be removed i understand . 
  can someone give me a quick overview of the choices that import from the witcher 1 ? 
  i 've not really read the books . 
  i do n't really feel like playing since i heard it was a pretty meh game ( from my friends , both of whom have read the books ) . 
  bonus points if you have an actual save with the decisions ( i saw some imported saves on the nexus forum , but as far as i understand they are n't complete ) . 
  i 'm wondering , is it possible to use the glitch to upgrade cailan 's armor into t9 ? 
  it 's really good looking and i 'd like to keep wearing it . 
  what are some of the mods you recommend to a first timer ? 
  i 'm already going to get the +5 at all times mod ( because i want to enjoy the game , not a spreadsheet ) . 
  any good graphic mods ? 
  common bug fix mods ? 
  err_spdy_protocol_error this is the error that shows up seemingly at random times , for practically any website i visit ( youtube ,4 chan , reddit etc. ) . 
  within like 2 minutes the site is back , but it 's really annoying . 
  anyone knows how to fix this ? 
  version 43.0.2357.134 m, 
  windows 7 ultimate . 
  i 've found many threads about this and it is usually related to mods so here 's my load order and hopefully someone can tell me if something 's messed up :, 
  unofficial oblivion patch.esp, 
  unofficial shivering isles patch.esp, 
  oblivion citadel door fix.esp, 
  dlchorsearmor - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcorrery - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcfrostcrag - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcthievesden - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcthievesden - unofficial patch - sssb.esp, 
  dlcvilelair - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcmehrunesrazor - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcspelltomes - unofficial patch.esp, 
  knights - unofficial patch.esp, 
  dlcbattlehorncastle - unofficial patch.esp, 
  quest award leveller.esp, 
  quest award leveller - vile lair.esp, 
  quest award leveller - mehrunes razor.esp, 
  quest award leveller - knights of the nine.esp, 
  all +5 attributemodifiers.esp, 
  is there a way to do this ? 
  other than one shot them form stealth ? 
  because i ca n't do that . 
  referring to destruction specifically , but other schools could use some help too . 
  i mean , with the whole enchanting alchemy smithing thingy i could make a weapon that dishes out 800 damage per regular hit . 
  meanwhile we 've got destruction that takes 100 years to kill an enemy but it 's `` totally ok because spells cost 0 mana '' . 
  anyone know any mods that make destruction spells capable of such damage ( in the 600 + range ) ? 
  or make conjured creatures actually level all the way with you ? 
  any way to force summons into a specific attack ? 
  my scamp likes to use that stupid 7dmg flare spell and according to the wiki his melee would do a lot more . 
  has anyone ever mentioned anything about adapting this ? 
  it 'd be pretty cool and as far as i know they 'd have a lot to work with considering we only know like 3 servants from that war . 
  so i 've made a `` drain armorer 100 for 1 second '' spell in order to get free training . 
  but it does n't work , the bitch still wants me to pay for the training ( and it does work , i checked in the status effects ) . 
  could it be some of the unofficial patches that changed this ? 
  anyone got any good custom spells ? 
  currently i 've made a drain 100 health 1 second , weakness to magic 100 % for 15 seconds , and just casting it over and over again kills just about anything ( if not on the first try repeated tries do it ) . 
  keep seeing this name pop up everywhere ( on 4 chan at least ) . 
  wondered who she was . 
  of course nobody on / b / will provide a normal fucking answer so i though i 'd come and ask . 
  so the chat 's been sub only in the streams ... because of spam i guess ? 
  but could it be made that it 's slow mode with like 5-10 min ? 
  because it 's killing me what the `` sub '' chat is telling him to do ( intense training at level 18 while he still does n't have better criticals , telling him to use a stealth boy for the easy stealth test , charisma at 7 , sending him to old world blues when he 's lvl 15 and was n't properly spec 'd / equipped etc. ) . 
  if you got 1 message every 5 minutes you probably wo n't be spamming . 
  so i 'm just wondering about this : on 4chan there 's sometimes posts saying `` save this image and open in notepad '' . 
  then i see replies saying shit like `` my ears '' and `` fuck you '' . 
  i 'm too much of a pussy to do that . 
  is it possible to get a screamer in notepad ? 
  or what is the deal with those pictures ? 
  anyone know how to fix this ? 
  recently whenever i 'm in sneak mode , all my attacks are power attacks . 
  inb4 `` are you sure '' : yes i can differentiate power attacks and normal attacks . 
  when i 'm not crouching the attacks are normally fast . 
  when i crouch , i 'm stuck constantly power attacking . 
  it appears to be related to level 50 acrobatics ( based off other people that had this problem on google but nobody found an answer ) .
