  do n't worry , that 's what i did the first time . 
  i just wanted to see the alternative if i do n't take the throne . 
  do n't worry , that 's what i did the first time . 
  i just wanted to see the alternative if i do n't take the throne . 
  all of the other stuff is explained clearly in the game . 
  if something is n't mentioned ( women being different compared to our world ) i assume it is the absolute same as in our world . 
  like , it 's not a problem for me that emily 's in the game . 
  female playable character , all right . 
  she 's marked by the outsider , let 's say that gives her superior physical abilities making her capable of knocking out huge buffed out dudes . 
  but i do n't understand why half the fucking grand guard is made of women when clearly men are physically more fit for the position . 
  daud becomes the outsider to prevent shit like this happening ever again . 
  he just never gives the mark to anyone . 
  absolutely did all those things . 
  as a very new programmer ( that basically only programmed in pascal/delphi in a couple of high school classes ) , the first one has the `` if false '' check in the `` if true '' check , so it 'll never actually trigger , and the second one is ok ? 
  am i understanding it correctly ? 
  i disagree . 
  i consider it not only worse than lead pencil , but a shit item overall . 
  it 's a stat downgrade , and in general i just hate charging items . 
  the top comment right now explains my biggest problem with it ( you do n't see it charging and then you have to start again ) . 
  you forgot about `` why the fuck are they pushing lurk so hard , never liked her , wish i could play as daud '' . 
   witcher 3/fallout 3, 
   too hard, 
  if those are too hard , d2 may as well be . 
  but you have all these awesome powers that make it very easy , if you do n't care about stealth . 
  bend time and blink that stops time        entire emily 's toolset . 
  his movement ability is better ( and simpler ) , and he 's got the ability to stop the fucking time . 
  also he 's got garett 's voice . 
  personally i do n't think the sub 's active enough to discourage shitposts like this . 
  steam is steamcommunity.com/id/celicni ( for whatever reason not allowing me to make a link ) . 
  i 'd like nuclear throne . 
  super meat boy as backup . 
  you talk about `` unrealistic narrative '' , but it 's realistic that half the grand guard is made up of women , when they are clearly not physically suited for that ? 
  i like that we can play as both corvo and emily , and i 'm disappointed as hell we wo n't play as daud in doto , but i can get over that . 
  the insane amount of female guards ruins immersion for me . 
  witches are fine of course , since they have powers . 
  100 % agreed with you , blink with time stop is definitely my most favorite power . 
  i think i used windblast and devouring swarm like once each just to try them out , way more fun to stab and shoot enemies yourself . 
  rarely used possession as well . 
  has it ? 
  can i get the tl ; dr of the outcome then because i am curious . 
  ~ ~ i believe it 's possible if you time it perfectly . ~ ~, 
  edit : i thought i saw stealthgamer do it , turns out i was thinking of the trick where he crouches to avoid sword attacks . 
   in the dishonored universe , it has been established that women are as capable as men in combat, 
  see now , this is the part where i disagree . 
  a few women are as capable as men , and i have absolutely no problem with that . 
  nor would i have any problem with the current state of the guards , if there had been even a single note somewhere that said `` wow boy sure is good there 's almost no difference between the sexes in our universe '' , but there 's not . 
  that 's why i said it `` breaks immersion for me . 
  i am fine with female enemies as well , such as witches . 
  like you said , women are built differently , so women use magic and are way more dangerous than dudes with swords . 
  again : absolutely no issue with cottings or mayhew , nor would i have any issue with female guards if it 'd been established men and women were built the same in the universe . 
  but there 's not , leading to forced suspension of disbelief . 
  and no issue with female enemies , as long as they make sense ( magic ) . 
  that 's about my view on it . 
  if you `` do n't want to argue '' that 's fine this can end now . 
  basically , whenever i play a game , unless something 's outright stated to be different than the real world , i assume it is 100 % the same . 
  sure , there 's female soldiers . 
  female firefighters . 
  but they 're not like a third to a half of all soldiers . 
  meanwhile basically half the `` veteran '' soldiers are women . 
  that is what breaks the immersion . 
  the amount of women soldiers/guards ( not to mention howlers ) , when compared to men , is too high . 
  having a few here and there would be nice . 
  as it is now , it 's very odd . 
  especially because there 's no `` regular '' women guards ( sword only ) . 
  it seems that there 's only veterans . 
  odd , no ? 
  [ i think i fucked it up somehow . 
  what am i supposed to get ? 
  yep . 
  but veterans are guards that at some point i assume were regular guards . 
  if half of them are women , and let 's say that for `` being promoted into veteran '' there 's no arbitrary rules , that would also mean half of the regular guards are women . 
  which does n't make sense , and is also incorrect seeing as there 's no regular women guards . 
  equality where it 's logical . 
  emily 's given powers , so i 'll gloss over the fact she chokes out muscly dudes as fast as her much better trained father , because you could go `` yeah the powers make her strong '' . 
  and yes , the `` credible source of equality '' . 
  if there had been something ( like i said , a random note anywhere ) that would logically let women be physically capable of doing the same things as men , i would not care about women guards . 
  since there 's none , i am against so many female veterans . 
  edit : basically it feels to me like they added so many female veterans to `` be progressive '' . 
  you know , the kind of stuff people do lately to get social points , like jk rowling with her whole `` dumbledore is gay and hermione is black '' deal , when neither of those is relevant at all . 
  yeah totally missed the `` 50th page '' part . 
  solved it the very first time i played , then just did n't enter and did the level normally . 
  was really satisfying solving it , but the riddle 's unclear at 2 points :, 
  `` x is left of y '' means `` x is directly left of y '' . 
  i assumed it meant anywhere to the left of , that one took me for a loop . 
  and also `` when x saw y 's trinket , she spilled her neighbor 's drink '' implied to me there 's 3 people in that sentence , but the neighbor is the trinket lady . 
  most are the same , but i do believe that they have some unique ones . 
  at least i feel they should since getting `` invisible during far reach '' as corvo or `` possession knocks out targets '' as emily would be weird . 
  yes i know there 's ng + . 
  yeah it 's really odd . 
  i do n't think i hear basically any dialogue from guards in d2 . 
  in d1 i was hearing about whiskeys , cigars , choffers , sisters of dubious ages , and never dauding it a whole lot . 
  yeah it is , simply because he 's so different than any other character , so you 're basically not improving your skills . 
  but you 'll probably get bored of him at some point like i did . 
  i used to only play az as well . 
  now i never do . 
  only eden . 
  well shit now i feel bad ( september 9th here ) . 
  load order is fine , editions seem to support each other , and i installed them with the manager . 
  installed it through mod manager as well . 
  [ here 's the picture of most mods , it says reproccer is not the latest version , but i downloaded it yesterday and it says it was last updated on the 17th so \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af .
