  stats not mattering for much else except perk requirements . 
  do you mind linking me that ? 
  all i found on wikidot is the `` breakpoints '' ( as in 25,50 , etc ) but no invincibility frame count . 
  sorry if this seems stupid , but if the ninja flip is 15 frames , that would make it half a second at 30 ? 
  and a quarter at 60 ? 
  or is that not how it works ? 
  heard you can get both phases if you throw it from the bottom . 
  but killing the blue baby part and using it on the big part is no big deal . 
  not what i was expecting when i saw the title . 
  i thought it 'd be something like tons of stat ups on the current run then on the next run you do n't get first floor item room . 
  it takes time to get there , what if the very first shot hits you ? 
  how far along is ps3 emulation ? 
  one of my minor complaints about the game . 
  at the very start you kinda do n't know where to go . 
  it gets way better immediately after and especially after anor londo , but who thought of putting a graveyard there : / like you i thought `` damn this game really is hard '' ... and since when i see a challenge i do n't stop till i beat it ... i was in the catacombs for a long time . 
  yeah , no worries there . 
  i was completely lost even when i finished the game . 
  that 's the thing i do n't like about ds . 
  would conventional storytelling really have been so hard ? 
  or at least some more concrete evidence so half the lore is not assumptions . 
  yeah i said it gets better after . 
  and then it especially gets better after anor londo . 
  you do n't have to but it would be nice . 
  i 'm not gon na go on a `` ds2 sucks '' circlejerk here as i genuinely like ds2 gameplay more , and that 's about what 95 % of players are after . 
  if you do n't care about lore , i 'm sure you 'll enjoy both . 
  a perfect example is a youtuber called `` northernlion '' . 
  in his let 's play he consistently calls the game a `` worthy sequel '' because he does n't care about the lore . 
  and that 's alright . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/celicni ) i 'd really like dark souls 3 if possible , do n't really have many games , so it 'd be nice . 
  i may have to play it on the lowest settings but if i ca n't run it i 'll give it to a friend . 
  wow . 
  til i 'm weird for always making my characters look like me and giving them my name . 
  i can see doing that . 
  my name does n't really fit in most games either . 
  i still do it though . 
  assuming i can run it , definitely a warrior . 
  quality build with healing as support spell . 
  like always . 
  thanks for this dude . 
  will definitely be checking this guy out when ds3 is released . 
  i am just a bit below the minimum requirements for processor ( 14 % weaker according to gamedebate ) . 
  i play on a 1280x1024 monitor so maybe i wo n't have to tweak too much ? 
  eh , normal mode is definitely more `` fun '' but i 'd still tell everyone to start off in hard mode ( at least once they beat the chest the first time ) . 
  finding out i had to do everything on hard mode again sucked ( and imagine if someone has to do it for the 2 ... special ... characters ) . 
  could n't max special in nv , and skills = / = perks . 
  dragon age 2 , and especially mass effect , while having some predetermined information , were very much largely up to you . 
  witcher is the only one i 'll give you . 
  do n't worry about spoilers , i would n't be asking if i did n't want them , 
  oh well i think i only got that far because of the lightning pistol i had . 
  that thing was a beast , i assume it homes ? 
  most other runs i get damaged a lot in the clustered level with the rats , and then the `` frozen level with crows that fly up '' finished me off . 
  i believe i did have scarier face , but i skipped out on laser brain in favor of ... some ammo one i think ? 
  i take strong spirit all the time ... i just never saw it be useful . 
  anyway , i killed the throne and watched the entirety of the credits in 3 hours flat according to game time . 
  so that brings me to the following questions :, 
  1 ) how to `` loop '' ? 
  i heard that phrase a lot even before getting the game . 
  2 ) i saw a tip `` try not opening weapon chests '' . 
  i assume those are red ones ? 
  does anything happen ? 
  3 ) i did the thing to enter the `` crown chamber '' and picked the crown to get an extra mutation ... only to realize how bad i just fucked myself . 
  i thought the `` bleak future '' meant only for that extra mutation . 
  and i saw all the other crowns have massive negatives . 
  are any of them actually good ? 
  also i almost went to that 3-1 secret level with the screwdriver , but the damn portal sucked me in : /, 
  i know you from tboi subreddit . 
  got any tips on dealing with the mad robots that rush me down in the frosty area ? 
  i must be deaf . 
  i watched over 2k of nl 's videos and i hear no keyboard/gamepad sounds . 
  i do as well : /, 
  i was waiting for someone to post this ... expected to find it in / r/nlsscirclejerk though . 
  [ for the future , you can just click ] ( http://redd.it/3qtssz ) [ `` source '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ygdylxm.png ) [ to see someone 's formatting ] ( http://redd.it/3qtssz ) . 
  name a downside of something like regular steven ? 
  i do n't think there 's a point in the game in which i 'd want less damage . 
  oh that could be true . 
  i just assume everyone has res ( as they should ) . 
  one is n't too bad , the 2 solo ones preceding them went down easily . 
  but the fuckers are very hard to dodge ( you go left you get hit by a tail , right and the animation that takes forever hits you ) and especially so when getting shot at by the other one . 
  whenever i dragged the first one alone he 'd always leash back . 
  i love watching lore videos . 
  i 'm watching a ds2 lore playlist as i 'm typing this . 
  i just dislike the fact i ( and many many others i 'm sure ) have to watch them to understand the game . 
  as someone that has only ever played the sotfs version ... shrine of amana was easy for me ? 
  i could roll through the spells easily , and no opponent was too hard . 
  the hardest area for me was the forest of the fallen giants , i died at least like 50 out of my ~ 150 deaths of my first playtrough there . 
  do n't mind bad graphics at all . 
  i very often play old games like fallout , planescape torment , and half life . 
  just want good fps . 
  i was in a very similar situation . 
  got the witcher 2 because a friend recommended it to me . 
  i did not have fun at all , combat system was annoying ( at least to me ) , and i did not care about anyone at all . 
  and i did n't want to jump into the third game in the series . 
  still , i gave the witcher 3 a try , and it 's definitely my goty 2015 ( since f4 was the worst disappointment of my gaming life ) . 
  i did n't have any issues figuring out who was who , gameplay was amazing . 
  just play it , it 'll be awesome , coming from someone that once felt like you . 
  well stuff like emptying the clipboard , and stopping unnecessary processes should help a bit no ? 
  looking for something like that . 
  exact same here like / u/fyrus . 
  i loved all of novigrad , and i hated skellige with a passion .
