  so your `` less of a damage down than the weakest damage up '' part is incorrect . 
  not that it matters though . 
  damn it bloat , you were faster than me . 
  by a couple of seconds . 
  it 's almost impossible to nohit him , because of the whole `` loaded save '' thingy . 
  i do n't know if people are just circlejerking at this point or actually think bloat is a bullshit boss . 
  it 's very fair . 
  the hitbox on the eyes is a bit wonky , but just imagine them as a rectangle . 
  the `` insta brimstone attack '' is not instant at all , and you can consistently diagonally shoot at him , and you can even get into a sideways position where you can shoot him , but the lasers ca n't hit you . 
  compare that to daddy long legs or mama gurdy ( though i hear they made some changes in afterbirth but have n't fought them enough and always forget to check ) . 
  that idea has been suggest many many times , and there 's always with 100 % certainty someone saying `` the sun does n't need a buff '' . 
  and it really annoys me because getting rid of a curse that is merely annoying at worst ( unless you 're playing in a really bright room ) would not unbalance the game at all , and it 's one of those neat things you 'd see in a game and think `` hey i 'm glad this is in , it makes sense '' . 
  i like seeing how other people play , and their reactions to stuff . 
  which is why i prefer blind playtroughs of course . 
  so i actually took a fairly long break when i got to the shrine of amana ( not cause it was hard , i just did , and played dragon age inquisition and origins ) , and have just finished all the bosses ( every single one , in both the base game , dlc , and darklurker ) . 
  and i think i know what lever you were talking about . 
  i do wonder , what 's the `` second lever in sotfs '' you mentioned ? 
  also , what 's the `` infinite effigies farming '' thingy ? 
  not that i 'll need it for my second playtrough as i ended up with like 60 at the end ( around 200 deaths all and all , at least 50 of those were in the fucking old iron king dlc , with the optional smelter demon being the main culprit ... well the run up to him as well ) . 
  i am unsure of the lever you are talking about ... i know the navlaan one . 
  yes . 
  if you 're streaking ... ok i guess . 
  but if i get a run like that i just quit after basement 2 if i do n't get anything good . 
  after 1001 % i do n't really enjoy `` trainwreck '' runs anymore . 
  ~ 30 mins to finish a run is just fine for me ( but then again i play very fast , visiting only the most essential of rooms , and i do n't even consider shop essential , and i do n't think i 've gambled once after getting the gambling unlocks ) . 
  many items have rather dubious descriptions and some have plain incorrect ones . 
  i 'd say feel free to look them up . 
  chaos does n't put every item in every pool . 
  it should , but it does n't . 
  at least that 's my understanding from the many breakfasts that come with chaos . 
  well ... people wanting to play fotm will just download a save file , no ? 
  why not let people that play legit try out different builds ? 
  i mean , i never used a soul vessel in ds2 and i remember there were a lot , but surely 1 respec would n't be so bad ? 
  you play the game for a little bit , halfway through the game you learn enough about stats that you can respec into a decent build . 
  ... i finished my first ds2 playtrough ( scholar and all dlc ) at level 205 ... did i do it wrong ? 
  played offline so 0 pvp . 
  well , i never grinded either , but i did look up boss souls and pretty sure i ate every single one of them ( except vendrick 's , made his greatsword ) . 
  and also i killed every single boss in dlc and base game , darklurker included . 
  would n't say i died too much either , it was like 150 base game + sunken king , then 50 or so for fucking iron king ( that was the hardest dlc for sure ) and around 10-15 times in ivory ( the invisible cat got me good lol , and then the 2 fucking cats , my greatsword broke as i was fighting them ... durability is fucked in sotfs ) . 
  i mean ... how often do familiars get the last kill on a room ? 
  and a single fly from that would be underwhelming . 
  and about the sunset staff : i heard it was great even for a sorcerer . 
  however on the stats screen it shows a bit lower damage for magic , and way worse damage for dark than my sorcerer staff . 
  was i misinformed or am i missing something ? 
  i do , the prerequisite for getting it is 20 faith , and you need 18 to use it . 
  it 's weird to me as well lol . 
  i did n't grind at any point nor did i wear the + to souls ring . 
  i 'm not bullshitting ... but guardian . 
  it was such a nice change of gameplay , and i love the spear . 
  i 've been looking at it for like a minute here and can not notice a witch 's hat ... then again i thought curse of the tower was a boot until i saw that other post and everyone was like `` yeah we knew it 's not a boot '' . 
  was literally learning that shit in class today . 
  baader meinhoof at work . 
  you do n't have afterbirth so you wo n't know about this but there 's a secret worst character in the game ( after rebirth secret character got buffed in afterbirth ) . 
  some people legitimately prefer playing as the worst character than maggy . 
  because she sucks really bad . 
  tied for lowest base damage with a few characters . 
  worst speed ( same as the character i was talking about ) . 
  no interesting items at start . 
  and if you want my opinion of powerful characters it 's azazel and isaac top , then judas if rebirth , otherwise judas is a bit lower . 
  rebirth lost . 
  i have the compass and see i am 2-3 rooms away from blue baby at max , about to finish the post it note . 
  i walk into the `` long room with 4 monstros '' and they have been replaced with 8 smaller ones instead . 
  one of those spawns directly on top of me , killing me the very instant i entered the room . 
  i just fired up cheat engine at that point . 
  the run would have been a win , i had epic fetus and insane damage . 
  last item i needed for 1001 % . 
  after 20 or so isaac angel only runs i just thought `` hey this is stupid , it 's not like it 'll take skill to get it , just time '' so i gave it to myself with cheat engine . 
  3 runs later i get it in greed mode thanks to chaos . 
  people say it works , but i used to consistently do it in rebirth , and can not for the life of me do it in afterbirth . 
  anything changed or did i just get really stupid ? 
  he is wrong . 
  maggy is my least favorite character to play . 
  at least with the keeper/lost you have the `` fun '' of the challenge . 
  maggy is just meh . 
  base damage = lackluster . 
  maggy has base damage along with some other characters , and that damage is the lowest in the game ( apart from non-wob eve , but if you 're not wob most of the time as eve you 're doing it wrong ) . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think this is a bad game , no i enjoyed it quite a lot . 
  i just think it 's a bad fallout game . 
  i do n't think so . 
  one heart container more than isaac is n't worth the useless spacebar item ( aside from blood banks ) and bad speed . 
  isaac 's better than her because d6 . 
  cain has way better speed and damage . 
  samson and eve are both much more fun and do way more damage . 
  blue baby does a tiny bit more damage . 
  azazel is azazel . 
  judas has mad damage . 
  lazarus also has better damage when he dies ( which should be very soon ) and eden 's ... random . 
  if you held a gun to my head and told me i 'd die if i do n't win the next run , and i ca n't pick azazel or isaac , i would n't pick judas , but i sure as fuck also would n't pick maggy . 
  kind of . 
  i 'd really prefer if i could set a single character to always walk to/interact with stuff . 
  i did not actually title this `` am i the only one '' so your nitpick is kinda wrong . 
  also , even if it were , those kind of titles are not literal ( or at least i hope ) . 
  more of a different way to write `` discuss pros and cons of x '' . 
  fallout was an rpg series no ? 
  there 's a whole lot of `` rpg '' missing in this game . 
  the fact your character is set . 
  almost no choices especially the ending . 
  railroaded into being a caring dad . 
  you can ultimately become best at everything making character creation meaningless .
