  `` do n't need to go to brighthollow '' . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  where do i go to rest if not there ? 
  also , what about taxes ? 
  i 'm raising security yet it says all taxes were lost to bandits . 
  i did it early on , with pre nerf stopwatch . 
  133 , thank you . 
  so if they have trouble beating mom , they would get a lower rank on the leaderboard , as should happen if they 're bad ? 
  i agree 100 % , i 'd make all runs go to either dark room or the chest , remove score reduction on picking up items , and eliminate consumable points completely . 
  make it all dependent on damage bonus/exploration bonus , as in actual skill . 
  if you want reason to remove schwag there 's an nl episode where he had kind of broken the game , and could have gotten a lot more points by farming consumables . 
  in the end he decided not to do it as it is boring , and he ranked worse because of that . 
  and for removing item penalty : getting items is the fun of isaac . 
  if you 're on a breaking run , maybe it affects something , but that 's why i also think the `` time '' detriment should be increased . 
  if it increased by 1 second every 2 floors , and you were breaking a run on the chest , you 'd lose 5 points every second . 
  which would mean you 're probably better off just finishing the run rather than continue breaking ( and would accomplish similar stuff to your concern about item penalty ) . 
  you 're implying that 's a bad thing . 
  i do n't know why people are so sensitive about spoilers . 
  i can understand it for most stuff , but some guy was literally asking people to not put area names in their videos ... `` oh damn i know the name of an area , game ruined , may as well uninstall '' . 
  so how do you think i 'll do :, 
  r7 260x, 
  8 gigs of ram, 
  ** i 'll play at 1280x1024 , so i expect some leeway because of that . 
  nothing special is shown tbh . 
  a lot of cool bosses and some mobs . 
  do n't think it spoils anything new in the least . 
  that 's indeed why i 'm asking . 
  saw nl upload a video . 
  i would n't miss the date on something i 've been waiting on so intently . 
  i find that they break my immersion . 
  i very much prefer playing offline . 
  i honestly do n't understand a word that guy is saying . 
  i may be stupid . 
  i just find it fun when he rambles on about whores . 
  and also i need a healbot ( so on topic yes i use a priest ) . 
  if someone can eli5 his story to me i 'd be grateful . 
  oh no , it does n't have the poke :(, 
  thanks a lot man . 
  also i ca n't see your comments for some reason . 
  man i scummed the shit out of raedric 's keep . 
  i think i did it at level 4 with durance , eder , aloth and me . 
  i kinda dragged only half of them by attacking at long range , then choked them in the corner on the right side , and let my ranged guys destroy the wizard while my barbarian does heavy aoe . 
  so i 'm kinda dumb . 
  what 's the deal with `` releasing at the start of the fiscal year '' ? 
  we seem to have different experiences . 
  ds1 was my first dark souls game and i beat queelag and capra and many others ( but naming those 2 as i heard they 're `` hard '' ) on first try . 
  ds2 bosses were absolute hell for me . 
  that 's pretty funny actually ( the african american part , not the early access part ) . 
  and also good ole false information . 
  i check the wiki for tons of stuff . 
  not for `` how to beat x boss '' , but for stuff like `` what does stat x do '' or `` how does x upgrade path work '' . 
  i consider it something my character should realistically know , so i do n't consider it a spoiler . 
  looking up a boss first try does seem weird . 
  i got the godhammer part , as he says it in pretty normal language . 
  had no idea why he was calling magran a whore and stuff . 
  i fully support planescape torment , as i have incidentally finished it about a month ago . 
  i very much enjoyed it , though i 'm not sure i 'd claim it `` best storytelling ever '' as it has a lot of ... metaphors or whatever ? 
  and the main question in the game is never actually answered to my knowledge . 
  i also enjoyed fallout 1 and 2 , and arcanum . 
  superhot , thank you . 
  edit : either version is fine . 
  steam preferred though . 
  yes but what are the stats on the left ? 
  i had midas ' touch many a time . 
  i do n't believe i ever one shot ultra greed . 
  that is way too easy i feel . 
  my last unlock for rpg was scissors and i do n't even consider myself that good ( my best random streak was like 12 or something ) . 
  why would you put poor blue baby in the same boat as the keeper : /, 
  it 's actually a decent character . 
  for this one specifically right click and just disable loop works . 
  `` noone wants to see '' and how would you know ? 
  what if i like meaningless pictures like that ? 
  i very much dislike fan art which you seem to like , so should i go and claim `` no one wants to see fan art '' ? 
  my favorite posts are shitposts . 
  yeah , those do n't count , but i can think of many a time where i just let enemies hit me to raise my damage ( it 's usually only on the first floor , but if i have a ton of spirit hearts , and my damage is reaaaaaalllyyy bad i 'll do it sometimes later on ) . 
  that would n't be challenging at all . 
  i think it 's incredibly stupid to do that . 
  say you get a stroke of luck , and do a no hit run . 
  then you 're asked to repeat it but you take a hit somewhere , because the previous run was luck , or you were paying more attention then or yadda yadda yadda . 
  and you 're then labeled a cheater . 
  not that i care , i do n't do dailies , the scoring system is very arbitrary and unfun in my opinion . 
  but other people do . 
  alright , that sounds reasonable . 
  still could be some problems , what if someone does dailies near the end of the day , and by the time you reply there 's a new daily up ? 
  do you have special seeds you save for that occasion ? 
  off topic , you do sound a little bit condescending . 
  i always downvote any posts that complain about downvotes . 
  i would think you may get some leeway , but definitely not no hits for life . 
  that would mean you could do a great daily once and then cheat for the rest . 
  mate , editing game files is n't the only way to cheat . 
  also , this would flag people like me , that have mods such as `` vanilla isaac music '' and `` better greed mode '' ( which would not at all be relevant on the dailies as none of them are greed mode ) . 
  i could agree with you if it were a couple of years earlier but it 's become an actual genre at this point . 
  it 'd be like saying call of duty is a counter strike ripoff . 
  i am usually pretty oblivious about stuff ( the curtains are blue because they 're fucking blue , what sadness are you talking about ) but even i thought it 's marketing . 
  i will say , i usually dislike fanart . 
  but damn man , i love your drawings . 
  i am willing to bet that those tumblrinas that would `` break into your house and hit you with a bicycle '' are even bigger pussies than 4chan shiposters . 
  when i hear 4chan i 'm thinking nerdy skinny guy with glasses . 
  when i see something like this all i can see is a weird fat shemale thing . 
  all the shitposter has to do is push them and they 'll roll over .
