  it was actually happening even before that , he just had insane speed in general ( do n't remember exactly which items it came from but skinny odd mush + a lot of stuff ) . 
  yeah that happened in me1 , but this is for me2 , and liara is not on the ship . 
  she ca n't say something about me choosing . 
  i 'm just wondering if `` romancing '' her in the dlc will prevent tali . 
  so basically , i can do both ? 
  yeah she 'll know , but she wo n't confront me about it ( at least not in me2 , and at least not in a way that would make me choose ) . 
  yeah , and that brings me to the second part of my view . 
  i really do n't need almost anything in my life , but if i need something specific , and you are n't getting me that specific thing , just do n't bring anything/money and save time for both of us . 
  not 100 % sure on this , but i think the devil deals have a chance to be different on the same seed . 
  you 're allowed to have an opinion . 
  you get downvoted if you are rude about it . 
  yeah probably . 
  i 've got rpg and i cheated for 1/2 of the lost ( actually the whole thing , but i went back and did a chest run afterwards , just to prove to myself i can ) and meat boy/bondage girl . 
  so it 's really not an accurate representation of how many people really deserve it . 
  the first guy is most definitely being rude . 
  the second guy is the only one i 'll give to you that it was unneeded . 
  the third guy is just advertising , the downvotes probably are n't related to nl . 
  the fourth guy is showing off . 
  again , basis for downvotes . 
  the fifth guy is belittling someone ( in this case nl , but that is not important ) . 
  doing that will probably earn you dowvnotes . 
  oh well , i 'll just milk him for money till college 's over , then off to live on my own . 
  that sucks . 
  `` i played the original '' ... yeah ... i killed mom on first try , but i also played the original , and it took me like 30 tries there . 
  how much did it take you in the original ? 
  hm , is n't that the point though ? 
  go back to an area that gave you trouble after you level up and destroy the living shit out of it ? 
  that always gives me kicks . 
  from a gameplay perspective maybe , but it 's not really logical for me to have a harder time playing at a higher level ( again , see lonesome road ) . 
  if i 'm level 50 , i should expect to roflstomp everything , not get one shot by deathclaws while wearing power armor . 
  yes i have played both of them . 
  many times actually . 
  and i do n't know if there even was level scaling in them . 
  and you did n't really suck in fallout 1 and 2 ... as a sniper you were literally unkillable ( ie you were one shotting everybody ) . 
  i do n't know how true that is man . 
  i use a very optimal sniper build and had all the perks i needed by like lv 30 . 
  the rest of the levels were me putting skill points in shit i do n't need , and taking random perks ( because i did n't need any more ) . 
  that actually made me weaker ( compared to the enemies that scale with me ) . 
  also , they were only a problem in lonesome road , the mojave creatures were getting one shot . 
  but the deathclaws in lr ... 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying a game should be easy mode . 
  i just find it really immersion breaking that at max level regular enemies would give me trouble . 
  oh boy ... should we tell him about you-know-who ? 
  i 've had christine 's cos rifle , and it was n't one shotting the deathclaws . 
  my complaints are mainly towards lonesome road , the mojave monsters have no chance ( cause i guess they do n't level to 50 ) . 
  oh so you know ... i was just kinda skeptical in your ability to do it as him , if you ca n't do it as bb . 
  surely something could be done except buffing their hp to ridiculous levels ? 
  increase their damage , or spawn more of them , but if you got ta waste 30 rounds per enemy it 's just not fun . 
  hm , even after getting rpg ? 
  i mean , i watch a lot of nl , but i knew every item before i got rpg myself . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is for u and me . 
  on the other hand , he could have taken a lot more damage if he went insane due to low damage . 
  guillotine helped ( both with stats upgrades , and with the orbital damage , you saw that mom fight ) . 
  hm ... i like the idea but the item seems really , really weak if you 've played the game for long enough . 
  nah man , that shit saved his sanity . 
  it 's a 1 dmg up and -1 tear delay . 
  and his dps was still shit . 
  imagine how much more dumb damage he 'd take by not having it , because he 'd get sick of doing no damage ( also look at the mom fight , it ate right through her ) . 
  an even better thing is that you have a 5 % chance to get a sasparilla bottle cap instead of a regular one ... collect 50 of those and a great treasure awaits you ... heh ... heh ... 
  chat fucked him on the character creation ( 7 charisma , really ? 
  it should be at 1 ) , he ca n't get all the good perks if he does n't take the implants and a lot of intense trainings ... 
  anyway , here 's my tip : get lockpick and science up to at least 75 fast , you 'll need it all the time , and after that beeline for guns to like 80 or something . 
  well here 's the thing : charisma has literally nothing to do with speech . 
  it 's a dump stat . 
  it increases damage done by companions ... boone is already a killing machine without that . 
  and there 's very few ( if any ) charisma checks . 
  so charisma is mostly useless . 
  tracks progress with that specific character . 
  [ heart = mom 's heart , cross = isaac , star = boss rush ( the thing that appears if you beat mom 's foot before 20 min ) , inverted cross = satan , and then there 's 2 more that are continuation of isaac and satan that will appear when you beat them enough times . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  may i remind you that opinions are n't an objective thing ? 
  i mean , i agree , i do n't like the dude 's videos , but someone clearly is . 
  i have to say , i think this is the worst item from the boss pool , right after the range upgrades . 
  you can measure the quality of wood or some shit like that . 
  it 's your opinion that his videos suck . 
  depends on the situation , but in general i 'd really rather have the money than a random card . 
  shot speed is barely noticeable in most situations anyway . 
  no , this is the very first time i met bann teagan , and i 've no ( armor ) mods . 
  do n't think so . 
  dude guillotine is fucking awesome . 
  was `` efficient leveling '' not for oblivion ? 
  i thought morrowind had normal leveling . 
  whichever one it was , exactly my point . 
  your `` fun fact '' is exactly why i hate level scaling . 
  if the optimal strategy is to not level , your game 's fucked up . 
  players corpse camp , but from my 4 years of playing wow , a single mob ca n't corpse camp you . 
  but if there was level scaling , would that `` little number next to their head '' be an issue all the time ? 
  my graphic card 's fine , it 's my processor that i 'm worried about . 
  `` edit : thanks for the gold kind stranger '', 
  i do n't know why , but that phrase ( kind stranger ) just sets off something in me and i want to punch them through the internet . 
  edit : thanks for the gold kind stranger !, 
  hehe , thing is i 've no friends that have computers that can run the witcher 3 :d most of them only have witcher 2 . 
  which is why i wanted to ask before buying . 
  it 's mostly the phrase that sets me off actually . 
  something about it just ticks me off . 
  and thanks . 
  ok . one thing though : is it constant 30 ? 
  or is it 30 in the woods , and then like 10 in the city ? 
  sports ... of any kind ... i can not catch a ball if you offered me $ 100000 to do it .
