  it took like an hour for me as well . 
  greed mode is definitely way easier ( and way more fun ) than regular runs . 
  with the lost having d4 , you do n't even have to restart for dead cat anymore . 
  well yeah that 's kind of a special occasion , but generally there 's way better subreddits to karma whore than here . 
  this is almost the only sub i actively participate in , and after a year i only have 1k link karma and 4.5 k comment . 
  and 1.5 k comment is from askreddit from one single comment . 
  so like i said , way better spots to karma whore . 
  simple :, 
  am i going to kill this wave before the next one starts ? 
  if no , stop it immediately ( see wave , go to the left and quickly back on the button ) . 
  determine yourself whether you can do that . 
  any time i saw spiders , or anything that spawns other enemies i immediately stopped it . 
  mods = gods, 
  of course it 's a bug . 
  at least i hope so . 
  eh , if it 's like the lost , you probably would n't figure it out on your own anyway . 
  i 'm guessing it unlocks when we solve it as a community . 
  yeah , maybe this time he wo n't add achievements for it in the steam page * cough * the lost * cough *, 
  hm ... considering it explodes at 110 ... maybe we have to nuke 110 coins off our donation machine during a regular run ? 
  just a thought , cheat engine people probably would n't mind testing it . 
  edit : or maybe we have to blow our machine by going over 999 ? 
  my tears were so big they covered the screen and i literally did the fight with my eyes closed cause the fucking multidimensional baby 's bullets hurt my eyes , and it still took like a minute of shooting . 
  maybe we need to blow the donation machine ( by going over 999 ) ? 
  or maybe blow 109 coins off the donation machine in 1 run ( ie be greedy ) . 
  challenges are crazy fun though , at least they were for me ( except speed and brains , fuck those 2 ) . 
  really ? 
  i thought lusty blood was awesome . 
  especially in greed mode ( i wonder what 's the cap on it though ) . 
  little horn is great , i love fighting him . 
  fuck rag man , waaayyy too much health . 
  someone please get on this . 
  i wonder if it works if you exit the game and then do a new run . 
  i know the devil deals were messed up in vanilla isaac and you had to restart the game every time you beat it if you wanted 100 % devil deal chance ( if you got a devil deal on the last floor you were on so when you got to cathedral and beyond it was n't a problem ) . 
  did it as both azazel and isaac , absolutely nothing . 
  no seriously there 's actual pills that have the effect of '' ??? '' . 
  the announcer said it like `` question marks ???? '', 
  in a confused voice . 
  do n't know why the fellow got downvoted . 
  from what i understand some of the stuff literally is n't in the game yet . 
  if it 's not there , can the `` puzzle '' even be solved ? 
  except from the reaction , it would seem that the `` small group '' is n't so small afterall . 
  also , nobody is forcing anyone to come to reddit and get spoiled . 
  tyrone was probably playing a different version of the game . 
  if there 's a patch coming mid week , it 's probably to add the missing pieces ( and hopefully fix the bugs ) . 
  hm ... an ending where isaac does n't go and die in the chest ? 
  hm ... i do n't think the `` never donating '' theory is possible , for 2 reasons ( one pretty solid and another a speculation ) . 
  1 ) donating unlocks secrets . 
  with this we definitely confirm you are supposed to donate at some point . 
  2 ) edmund would like people to figure things out on their own ? 
  surely everyone would try to donate . 
  that would n't make sense . 
  wow , you are not fucking condescending at all . 
  there 's a post about the greed secret room location being in the same place every time . 
  should make solving this easy . 
  yes , but it was never used anywhere ? 
  and like seen in ending 17 , there 's a dead forest where isaac comes out . 
  ending 17 is obtained after beating hush . 
  i do n't mean to come off as an elitist asshole , but i never used that button as anyone but the lost , and i think greed mode is too easy . 
  basically the point of this post is , no you most definitely do not have to use the spike button . 
  yeah , this was probably it . 
  try beating it again as isaac . 
  if the `` he scales off the amount of money you spend '' theory is true , not surprised . 
  that being said , i fucking hate scaling of any sort in video games . 
  yeah i know about that theory , and i believe it may be true for the hush , but i believe someone did some tests with monstro and found it was n't correct ( same runs , one killed monstro instantly , other after a minute , the difference between ultra greed kills was ~ 10 seconds faster for when monstro lived for a minute ) . 
  dude , you may be on to something with emergency contact ... maybe use it in the secret room on greed mode ? 
  it 's bugged apparently . 
  i beat the hush with 4/12 characters as well , and never got it . 
  but if you do n't have it lives unlocked you get the ending . 
  haha i must have gotten lucky with finding the bosses on xxxxxxxl . 
  also i had holy shot ( my favorite afterbirth item ) so that helped . 
  looks more like eve tbh . 
  yeah , do that already . 
  a suggestion : do n't bother playing normal mode . 
  there 's almost no difference between it and hard mode , yet you need to do it on hard mode eventually anyway . 
  the scarred womb does n't freak me out , but the i am error room scares the shit out of me every time . 
  damn the i am error variant of the second secret room with mom 's hand . 
  i just feel like ... something 's gon na pop out at any moment . 
  eh , i hate the devil deal change , box of friends being nerfed , and azazel 's nerf ( seriously , at least increase his range now , he gets shit on on the blue baby/isaac fights ) , but i love that they made greed mode harder . 
  it was waaayyy too easy . 
  edit : they nerfed glass cannon too ? 
  well , never picking up that item again . 
  it does n't do enough damage to justify losing all your health . 
  tammy 's head + brimstone is better . 
  so he 's basically really bad now . 
  he was already getting fucked on bullet hell bosses cause of shitty range . 
  well it was pretty fucking stupid as a 1 room charge . 
  i 'd give it a 2 room charge just so you could n't completely break the game . 
  3 seems a bit too much . 
  sticky bombs ? 
  they stick to enemies . 
  this was bullshit , and false advertising . 
  i think he was a bit too strong before . 
  yeah he was insane in the early levels but that kind of balanced out from the womb onwards cause of his shitty range and the fact there 's so many of those fucking bomb flies there . 
  and isaac and blue baby fights were harder for az than any other character . 
  now he 's just shit . 
  scores are hidden but i have a feeling you 're about to be downvoted to hell soon . 
  just wan na say i agree with you , and `` it 's just my opinion '' is retarded . 
  i could have an opinion that fucking little boys is fine , does n't mean it 's correct . 
  they 're all pretty easy tbh , but keep the last 3 to be : guardian , brains , speed . 
  edited the post , assuming i already picked them up .
