  anyone know of a way to do this ? 
  i believe there was a save editor , would adding the `` swift learner '' perk over and over work ? 
  is there a mod that removes the `` recoloring '' of the world while using those 2 powers ? 
  alternatively is there something that will just highlight the shit out of any collectible objects ? 
  i am really anal about collecting everything but if i constantly use dark vision the game looks all yellow and i do n't get to enjoy it as much . 
  how the hell do i make the jump ? 
  my guy keeps landing and for some inexplicable reason does a step back immediately afterwards . 
  in the high wall of lothric , the locked door a bit before of where greirat is , the one with the lever visible behind it . 
  how do i open that one ? 
  simple question , is 2 handing like ds1 or ds2 ? 
  that is , does it multiply strength by 1.5 or 2 ? 
  just wondering , any way to find out how many times i died ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i may have been a bit short on souls , and needed to kill patches for the catarina armor . 
  we fought valiantly but then he started healing . 
  long story short i ended up knocking him over the edge , and did an amazing plunging attack to finish him off ... until i saw that he had fallen in a very unfortunate spot , right next to leonhard ( the guy that gives you 5 cracked red eye orbs , and sends you to find the non-cracked orb ) . 
  and i may have accidentally `` scratched '' leonhard with the plunging attack . 
  now he wo n't stop attacking me . 
  so where would i go to request absolution ? 
  anyone know where to get this ? 
  heard it increased performance massively . 
  has anything been made yet ? 
  i put down a summon sign 20 minutes ago and nobody accepted it . 
  i 'm about halfway through the game so that may be it , but i 'm seeing a lot of messages , just no summon signs . 
  i am using the `` rvt '' password . 
  so i beat yhorm the giant , and siegward sat down to do his toast . 
  i started talking to him and got teleported midway through to the dancer fight . 
  now i just found his armor and stuff but no slab . 
  anyone else encountered this ? 
  seems like a pretty big oversight . 
  does doing that stuff increase the amount healing spells heal you ? 
  or do they scale with faith ? 
  or are they static ? 
  so i was fighting the fucking storm/nameless king for ... about the 20th time ( and i 'm not even kidding , he 's almost as bad as ds1 gargoyles were for me ) . 
  by this point the first phase is just a formality , a bore , and i go through it ... without taking a single hit . 
  i want to add that this fight was so bad for the first time in any souls game i actually started switching out armor and rings . 
  i tried going in naked 2 handing my halberd . 
  tried full tanky . 
  used the `` lightning defense '' ring for the first time in any game ( any resist ring for the first time actually ) . 
  in the end i settled on using catarina armor ( thank you siegward bro , you will not be forgotten ) as it has the highest lightning resistance out of anything . 
  i had enough lightning resistance to survive a hit and then the `` lightning poke/grab '' attack . 
  i know it means nothing yet , i will just get murdered somehow , but somehow i feel this attempt is different . 
  i quickly scramble to put the yellow bug and the bleed resin on my quickslots , as the boss is approaching . 
  again , this is literally the first time i had ever used that type of consumable in a souls game . 
  never used any of the resins i found in previous 2 . 
  i pop them , and start attacking . 
  the fight goes surprisingly smooth , perhaps because of my confidence when i saw he can no longer 2 shot me thanks to the armor/ring/bug combo . 
  i keep popping my estus , bugs , and the resin and whittle his health down bit by bit . 
  eventually we 're both near death ( he 's got like 10 % hp , and i 'm almost out of estus ) . 
  it is then i do the classic souls player mistake :, 
  i do not know if you 're familiar with the halberd , but it is a pretty slow weapon . 
  i could get only 1 hit safely in between his attacks . 
  this time i decided to go for 2 as he was very near death . 
  as you are expecting ... it does n't work . 
  he hits me , and then stabs me with his spear to lift me in the air . 
  i survive with a little bit of health and see him charge me . 
  i dodge the first , the second , the third attack , and think he finished his combo ... only he has n't . 
  i see the dreaded 4th attack midway through my attack animation . 
  i accept defeat . 
  i have wasted the consumables . 
  `` just the reason why i do n't use them '' i think to myself . 
  and then my savior comes . 
  `` your message has been rated '' pops up and i am healed for quite a decent amount . 
  both our hits connect , first mine then his , leaving us both 1 hit away from death . 
  i know i will be faster as he just finished his combo . 
  i take a final stab . 
  i do not know what message was rated . 
  i believe it was a `` nice view '' i left in dark firelink shrine , the place where in the normal version you have a nice view of the mountains . 
  whichever one it was , and whoever it was that rated it , know that you have saved me . 
  i was very close to ragequitting , and would have to accept i have found the new hardest boss in the souls series for me . 
  but no , the belfy gargoyles still hold the spot ( first playtrough only , they 're easy now ) . 
  thank you so much random stranger . 
  i found 10 estus shards and 10 bone shards . 
  i believe in total there 's 11 estus and 10 bone shards . 
  i only missed the estus shard in anor londo , cause it was dark as shit and i just ran through the area fast , it was definitely easily accessible . 
  overall i think the shards are in pretty good places , only 1 was behind an illusory wall ( and i think you can get to it anyway with good jumping ) . 
  finished the game , now am trying out a sorcerer . 
  which infusion should i use ? 
  and are there any good early weapons like the fire longsword in ds2 ? 
  i found some axe infused with dark and it 's pretty good so far . 
  what rings do you consider the best ? 
  i ended the game with knight ring ( +5 strength ) , f ( ap ) ring ( nerfed ) , estus ring ( amazing ) and carthus bloordring ( broken as hell , it 's worth the defense loss ) . 
  why would anyone summon a purple phantom in your world ? 
  likewise , why would a mound maker do anything but just immediately backstab the host ? 
  do they get any other rewards except the vertebra ? 
  i know there 's fat rolling above 70 % but any other caps ? 
  should i aim for just below 70 or is there advantages at below 50 etc ? 
  edit : also does 2 handing a weapon ** innately ** raise damage ? 
  or is the damage raised only with the `` strength '' ? 
  wondering if 2 handing raw/dark weapons is worth it . 
  anyone know what 's causing this bug ? 
  i did a jolly cooperation at an optional lategame boss and it worked great , but then i did 2 cooperations at a different place and in both i was invincible to enemies , and they had no animations . 
  those of you that played wow must know what i 'm talking about . 
  basically i 'm unable to normally quit the game/rest at bonfires and have to alt-f4 . 
  is this happening to anyone ? 
  anyone know of a fix ? 
  also , before you ask , it 's not invasions . 
  i 'm playing ds3 , and i alt tab a lot during it . 
  now it said `` windows has detected your perfomance is slow '' and stuff and asked me to switch from aero to basic . 
  i said no .
