  stop playing the game that way its not fun only my way is fun, 
  this is how you sound bro . 
  i wonder if the dunce hat has any stat upgrades , otherwise it 'll be a really bad item . 
  the crack jack is hp up + either random trinket or a specific trinket whose effects i do n't understand since cobalt took curved horn instead . 
  the other item ( i think it was anethema or something ) seems pretty meh as well since it requires you to take damage , though i guess there could be a strategy with it , but not my thing . 
  dr fetus is good again . 
  yay . 
  the rag man boss seems to have `` phases '' . 
  i 'd save any cooldowns when he 's < 50 % hp as that 's when he seemed to start spawning spiders way more often , i could be wrong though . 
  you ca n't hit many targets with both tears though . 
  i cheated with the alt-f4 glitch . 
  i do n't feel bad , because even on that run where i beat the chest , i entered a room and instantly died due to spawning on top of a monstro ( that monstro room on the chest , except they were pink monstros ) . 
  if that is n't bullshit i do n't know what is ( except wait i do , dll is pretty much one as well ) . 
  dll ** is ** daddy long legs . 
  isaac beams suck as well , and those flying turret zapper things in sheol can also kill you almost instantly . 
  unless i missed something in the op 's post , he did n't say of any limitations outside of charges . 
  this would actually be a very decent item , you could open the chests in boss/mob traps room , take the reward , and leave without fighting anything . 
  you could scum boss rush . 
  you could leave the curse room without taking damage . 
  you could go out of an annoying room ( but if it 's on the way to the boss ... yer fucked ) . 
  seems way better than some other spacebar items ( like butter bean ) . 
  the item is pretty bad imo , but it wo n't get changed . 
  hard mode = more annoying normal mode . 
  there 's almost no differences between them . 
  i do n't really remember `` beans ! '', 
  being that hard . 
  i beat it on the first try , whereas i died on `` cursed ! '' . 
  i used bombs freely , and i guess getting a 2 of clubs drop helped . 
  i believe edmund said he `` wo n't do any kind of secret '' stuff in afterbirth since people datamined the lost . 
  that being said , you do n't have to check out any topic marked as `` spoilers '' . 
  did it with alt-f4 , do n't regret anything . 
  it did n't affect other people in any way , and i got my fun items . 
  not to mention the lost is kind of bs in some rooms , on my chest alt-f4 run i went in a room and instantly died cause a monstro spawned on top of me ( 4 monstro room on the chest , but it was the 2x pink ones instead so 8 total , and one spawned right on me as i entered ) . 
  also , daddy long legs . 
  erm , if you do n't mind `` bending the rules a little bit '' you can use the alt-f4 glitch to max the donation machine out in like 10 minutes . 
  i 'm sure someone can explain it better than i can . 
  i 'm sure there 's a large margin of people like me , who are underage , and parents wo n't buy the game because `` the online people will steal all your info and money '' . 
  i can guarantee they do n't :d i 'm from serbia , so i probably do n't have any of that near me . 
  yeah , but the libraries are n't . 
  and that guy is talking about a different strategy . 
  like i said , he 's talking about a different strategy . 
  but ... it 's really easy to unlock him ? 
  you can use seeds for all but the last run . 
  well , of course none of this will be added as edmund wants rng , but if it were me i 'd make pretty much every single item good in some way ... range upgrades would give a shitload of range , and would appear less often so that when you get one you 're not so disappointed . 
  butter bean would get a much bigger range and strength . 
  dead sea scrolls would n't give you kamikaze . 
  make tech 2 and soy milk reduce less damage . 
  make eve 's mascara 's tears down slightly less than 2x , so that there 's an actual dps gain from taking it . 
  stuff like that . 
  also , fix angel rooms , and make devil rooms always have at least 1 item . 
  i like this cause it makes sense , but i hate this cause the item sucks balls . 
  i did check the sticky thread before posting :, 
   on a playback which is working poorly , right click the player and click `` copy debug details '' . 
  paste the results in your post . 
  this is the most important thing . 
  i ca n't do this as it 's basically the entire site , including the logging in . 
   go to https://redirector.googlevideo.com/report_mapping[1] . 
  copy the right hand side of the output ( after the =  ) , and share that result . 
  ( the left hand side is your ip , it is n't necessary to share that . ), 
  include in your post what isp you are using , and what general geographic area you live in . 
  ( this helps narrow down isp specific and regional problems with networking/cdn . ), 
  i posted this ( serbia and the =  thingy in the second-to-last row ) . 
  yeah , when the `` video '' part of the page loads it 's all working great . 
  but the rest of the page is messed up and takes forever to load . 
  i wo n't really participate in the giveaway as i do n't even have rebirth ( so afterbirth would be useless ) but i think you should give fullmetal alchemist a try if you have n't . 
  since i 'm not participating anyway , i wo n't really explain a lot but you can google it . 
  the item will have very little us if it leaves the floor as it is with nothing respawning . 
  this happened to me on my lost run . 
  did n't regret a single thing scumming alt-f4 after that . 
  literally does n't need any items and you can still have a comfortable run . 
  3-judas cause dmg and guaranteed deals . 
  4-samson because i love bloody lust . 
  5-cain because dmg multiplier . 
  6-eve is op with wob but it 's annoying to maintain . 
  7-blue baby , guaranteed deals with the devil , and a minor dmg multiplier . 
  i do n't really like killing myself . 
  9-magdalene ( low dmg , low speed , what to say ) . 
  10-the lost because lost . 
  i ca n't really put eden anywhere because he 's so different . 
  knife is n't overrated at all , i 'm pretty sure it alone is enough to carry you through the game . 
  actually , no . 
  the hivemind is strong on reddit . 
  i tested it with an alt . 
  i posted something arguing against a guy . 
  he posts a reply and downvotes me , bringing me to 0 . 
  that brought on more downvotes bringing me to like -6 or -7 and he was getting upvotes . 
  then i got some friends , and other alts to upvote my alt 's comment to +1 and put his at -1 . 
  now he was getting downvoted and i was getting upvoted ( from other users , that were previously all too happy to downvote my comment and upvote his ) . 
  the point is , if he did n't have downvotes already , i 'm sure a lot less people would also downvote . 
  about # 1 , i 'm pretty sure my pee goes way further than my tears . 
  i really like the flash look . 
  it 's way better . 
  will look into getting this mod , and the original music mod as soon as it 's update for afterbirth ( at least i hope it will be updated ) . 
  i3 3210 , 8gb of ram and r7 260x . 
  would this be enough to get at least 30 fps with everything on the lowest it can possibly go ? 
  i 'm also playing at 1280x1024 so i guess that can help a bit ( i can even lower it a little bit , i just want to run the game ) . 
  it said i `` failed '' at game debate . 
  can someone clear something up for me ? 
  imagine a judas run/eden run with 1 heart on start facing that stupid room with 2 spider spawners behind rocks ( you know the one ) and one of them being a champion that explodes . 
  while you have no bombs .
