  yeah , laughed my ass off when i got a message from / r/offmychest . 
  yep . 
  trump supporter here , upvoted this cause it made me giggle . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  the numbers are literally invented by humans , how the fuck can something we invented mean `` not what we mean '' . 
   it 's impossible to add two numbers and the sum to be smaller than either, 
  -2 + ( -2 ) = -2 - 2 = -4 = smaller than either -2 or -2 . 
  did not specify . 
  gon na need a bigger b8 there . 
  do n't think it 's overpowered in the slightest . 
  how many trinkets do you see on an average run ? 
  then those trinkets also have to be useful , and you need to get this item . 
  no need to take damage . 
  there 's absolutely no guarantee you 'll :, 
  a ) get a devil deal . 
  b ) get a devil deal that 'll have items in it . 
  c ) get a devil deal that will have enough items in it for you to kill yourself . 
  d ) not get an hp up on the first floor , effectively wasting it if you go by your strategy . 
  kill myself first floor as lazarus always , never regretted it . 
   he 's lower speed than maggy , has always been, 
  [ not according to the wiki . 
  ] ( http://bindingofisaacrebirth.gamepedia.com/character ) i understand most wikis are n't 100 % reliable , but it 's always been correct for the character stats , and i have no reason to assume it 's wrong right now . 
  edit : just tested with missinghud , both characters started off with 0.85 . 
  so that would mean you 're wrong . 
  neither the keeper , nor the lost especially , are based entirely on luck , or you would n't have people doing constant lost streaks now . 
  keeper is n't entirely based on luck either , the skill required to pull off streaks with him is just inhuman . 
  you could argue for the keeper , but as for the lost , sounds like you need to `` git gud '' as they say . 
  nothing 's stopping you . 
  wake up an hour earlier , and have a peaceful morning . 
  amazed how people do that . 
  i get a lucid dream 1-2 a month . 
  it 's always awesome . 
  last time it was me fucking a girl i know , and when i cum it turns out she 's a tranny , so i use magic powers to teleport her outside and make her fall from the 3rd floor . 
  fuck trannies . 
  i got a mod to put it back in . 
  yeah , if you do n't take red heart damage . 
  now , after you play a while that 's almost all the time , but op does n't seem that skilled ... 
  no idea what the hell the rest of your comment is about . 
  what 's / vitagen / ? 
  ... if you kill yourself as judas you die for real though ? 
  ah yeah i see what you mean . 
  i have never denied that . 
  i think judas is way way better than lazarus . 
  this was simply discussing lazarus strategies though . 
  d4 does jack shit on the lost , nobody going for a streak will use it . 
  look up : completely . 
  keeper is n't completely based on luck . 
  i 'm not saying i can pull streaks with him , but theoretically someone could . 
  edit : actually why am i arguing with someone that spreads out misinformation and expects to be taken seriously ( see , the speed debate we had ) . 
  have a nice day , i wo n't bother responding . 
  they do n't have to take rapefugees though . 
  i love time based challenges , as i usually rush like hell every time . 
  if my run takes over 30 minutes to finish i consider it a failure . 
  that being said i hate speed as well cause it 's basically just rng . 
  people bitch about way smaller spoilers . 
  tbh this is a unique occurrence , i 'd hate to have had it spoiled as well . 
  ... and they bombed us when we wanted to prevent this ... 
  how is it not a big deal ? 
  i 'd rather an hero than let someone else fuck my wife . 
  are you aware of the `` slippery slope fallacy '' ? 
  heh , love this explanation . 
  my geralt was 100 % under a spell . 
  triss for life . 
  in 99.99 % of runs i think it 's possible to get to hush . 
  i had a maggy run with 0 speed and damage upgrades , no mapping , and got to hush at 29 minutes . 
  `` very difficult '' is definitely not 40 minutes . 
  i finish most runs by 30 . 
  quoted from ed :, 
   what 's a ** very difficult par time ** to kill the lamb in ? 
  this comment thread is oddly similar to the one on / r9k / ... just with way less uses of the word `` normie '' . 
  0.8 multiplier sounds just about perfect . 
  does n't make it op in the slightest , but it 'd no longer be something i always avoid . 
  yeah , i always just stand in the middle , and circle with them . 
  never get hit . 
  the only thing that hits me is when the head fucking charges like crazy . 
  cursed eye , soy milk , dunce cap , are all terrible . 
  marked is pretty good actually , especially with mouse control . 
  there 's stats at the end of each mission , and it tells you if you were noticed or not . 
  eh , i think you 're overreacting . 
  i never really played many horror games , or fps in general , but i heard fear was pretty good , so i decided to give it a try even though it was outdated . 
  it was a great game , and i wo n't say it was n't creepy , cause it sure as fuck was , and that ladder part ... 
  but saying it 's the scariest game ever just seems false . 
  ssshhhh ... let them . 
  if they think they 're polling well , they 'll probably end up with the same mindset as the `` stay '' vote on brexit , and not vote . 
  always a blast to see the underdog win . 
  no job in x amount of time . 
  yeah , i know the challenge is hated , but i love it personally . 
  that , however , was bullshit . 
  it 's a term the egg uses . 
  i just go to the item room , and the shop if i have money . 
  then down to the next floor . 
  fuck exploring . 
  yeah , i do n't fucking get it . 
  it 's basic survival instinct to not let a bunch of dangerous people into your homes . 
  if that makes me an islamophobe then fuck i guess i am . 
  this is the main problem . 
  if you got your average leftist in serbia , they 'd be considered fucking crazy , because we actually experienced muslims , and also do n't have insane amounts of money that allow us to be as sheltered as they are . 
  yep . 
  i 'm not saying `` behead the trans infidels '' . 
  merely want everyone to focus on helping them rather than supporting them in their mental illness .
