  the card allows you to do that even if you do n't have the key/dad 's key . 
  do key pieces get rerolled when you use the d4 ? 
  i wan na know because you-know-who . 
  edit : i feel i should specify , if you actually pick them up . 
  anyone knows of a glitch that will let me donate 999 cents instantly ? 
  finished greed mode with all characters way the fuck back , and do n't feel like playing over and over with the sole purpose of donating 890 cents . 
  the stupid machine jams after 2-3 coins . 
  ... does absolutely nothing when used in the ??? 
  area . 
  like , not even a penny . 
  just an fyi in case someone 's curious . 
  i 'm looking for a game with great story , and that has choices ( that actually matter ) . 
  i do not care at all about either gameplay or graphics . 
  just choices that actually matter ( no the walking dead choices ) and a great story . 
  so i read about that theory that you 're supposed to switch characters when donating ... i 'm at around 250 with my donation machine , and have played the characters 1 by 1 ( except the lost ofc , do n't wan na ruin my 15 streak ) . 
  i was only able to donate ~ 10 coins per character . 
  did anyone figure out how the machine works ? 
  i do n't really wan na try that glowing hourglass strategy . 
  i keep seeing [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmf4_spa1o8 ) posted everywhere , plus some random videos , yet i can never seem to find out who he is . 
  and of course `` tyrone laughing for almost 20 years '' . 
  do you guys use forts ? 
  i just delete them all instantly . 
  they 're way too expensive to actually maintain ( though that may be because i usually play as a small county ) . 
  i can see their appeal , but i just focus on beating their army as fast as possible so it does n't even get to the `` sieging my provinces '' part . 
  maybe if i was a big country it would n't be a problem , but i just do n't see the use of them if i do n't have like 400 + development . 
  is there a way to automatically open all the tabs when you start/load a game ? 
  the ones with the country interaction options ( fabricate claim/improve relations ) . 
  i hate clicking them all to open them every single time . 
  so france is defender of the catholic faith . 
  i attack venice and they do n't help them . 
  this should make them lose the title no ? 
  mere moments later i try to see what will happen if i attack teutonic order and sure enough france is back there . 
  does ai not lose dotf when they do n't accept call to arms ? 
  does it have level scaling ? 
  i 'm trying to make a character as best as i can , so i wonder if it 'll be worth it to put points into int ( seeing as the perks are kinda bad actually ) so i can level faster , or will i get fucked because level scaling . 
  edit : now that i think about it , is charisma useful in f4 ? 
  it was absolute horseshit in the other 4 . 
  1 ) is it safe to leave generators on all the time ? 
  i mean , you can turn them off so clearly there 's a reason to do so . 
  2 ) if you connect a wire , and then break it ( by deleting the pylon or whatever ) do you not get the copper back ? 
  3 ) is the `` tall pylon '' basically the only way to get lightbulbs on by connecting it to the roof , in case your house is big so it ca n't go through walls ? 
  4 ) what are switches even used for ? 
  my tv 's and lightbulbs work without them . 
  so since i 'm not a subscriber i ca n't help nl during the stream but here 's some f4 tips ( if he sees this great , if not someone will probably relay this to him ) . 
  1 ) press spacebar during the `` shooting '' part of vats to do a critical hit . 
  2 ) when you hover over food/defense/whatever in a base and look at the tooltip ( upper right ) , if a person is red it means nobody 's assigned to it . 
  if it 's green it means somebody is . 
  3 ) you should collect everything . 
  everything . 
  most of the `` junk '' stuff weighs between 0.2-0 .5 , and there 's a very convenient `` store all junk '' option in the base when you enter a workbench . 
  the junk is basically crafting components . 
  4 ) do n't try anything with electricity . 
  please . 
  it took me ( and i figure stuff quick ) half an hour to figure out how to wire my house up so all the tv 's and the lights work . 
  it 'll just be painful for all of us . 
  5 ) you can mod weapons at the workbench , again , using junk . 
  no special materials required . 
  6 ) trading with dogmeat is basically bringing up the inventory screen . 
  i believe he can hold 200 lbs of stuff . 
  so , again , collect all the junk . 
  7 ) you can store all the unused weapons at any of your bases , and since you should return to them every once in a while , it 's convenient . 
  8 ) move mouse to the bottom of the screen to scroll down the perk list . 
  perks do n't have level requirements ( for rank 1 ) so he could get the tier 9 charisma/intelligence perks even . 
  9 and very important ) you can track multiple quests at once in fallout 4 . 
  considering nl had issues in fnv , i recommend you actively try to track only 1 quest so you do n't get confused . 
  10 and most important ) check below the baby crib in your house . 
  there 's a book that gives you a free point to spend on any of the 7 special stats . 
  anyone know the exact value of how much int increases xp gain ? 
  i get 6 xp from random mobs with 9 intelligence . 
  i 'm assuming they were originally 5 , and if so , 9 intelligence is giving max 20 % xp increase . 
  any reason to defend settlements ? 
  apparently i have 3 extra that i never made . 
  i only focus on sanctuary hills though i did do a little work with one other settlement . 
  really do n't care about the rest . 
  will something bad happen if i just say `` screw it '' and let them get attacked ? 
  edit : now that i already posted , if i picked up the bobblehead before having 10 naturally , will i still be able to get 11 in intelligence ? 
  anyone knows the exact formula for vats hit chance ? 
  i got 11 perception yet i still got 76 % chance to hit the head when the target is very close to me . 
  i assume it has something to do with weapon `` accuracy '' as well . 
  so i 'm experiencing the stupid `` when you move away from the settlement it apparently has no resources , and happiness lowers '' bug in sanctuary hills . 
  anyone knows a console command to set happiness until this gets fixed ? 
  anyone knows what triggers the guy to be `` ready to upgrade my armor '' ? 
  i ditched my previous ( rather good ) armor because this one looks cool as heck , but it 's weak so if i can upgrade it that 'd be great . 
  how do you guys like the new music ? 
  it 's ok i guess , the damn dj keeps repeating himself , and i 'm sad there 's no `` big iron '' , but thank fuck there 's no `` johny guitar '' either . 
  also bingo bango bongo is great . 
  anyone knows what triggers this to happen ? 
  literally every single legendary enemy i fight just heals to full hp , except if i one shot them . 
  why ca n't i get any railroad quests ? 
  i finished the hk-22 one , and another one after that . 
  i only get the repeatable ones ( like that fucking mila ) . 
  i think i read that i have to progress in the main story a bit . 
  is that true ? 
  currently my main story progress is the glowing sea . 
  so i used to have a stimpak usable by pressing `` e '' when i go into my pipboy . 
  that 's gone . 
  i think i messed it up by removing default stimpak keybind . 
  any idea how to get it back ? 
  i tried putting stimpaks back at 0 and it does n't work . 
  basically i tried out the witcher 2 , finished up that first village you get to after you escape ... and then just quit playing .
