  someone who runs 100 meters in 10 seconds , vs someone that runs the same distance in 15 ? 
  i agree with you on everything else , but you pretty much have to give the key to the players as there 's no guarantee you can get both key pieces ( it 's much easier now with sacrifice rooms but still random ) . 
  well yeah , but there 's no guarantee a sacrifice room will be on a run 100 % of the time , is there ? 
  i should mention that i basically play only very small countries . 
  the 100 force limit by idea 5 is from my serbia game , and that 's with byzantine as vassal . 
  that 's kind of separate from what i 'm getting at . 
  i do believe hush is too easy to get to , if you do n't do boss rush , but i just want points from time to decrease at a much faster rate . 
  the score loss from picking up items is minuscule . 
  yeah it got a little bit more natural as i got used to it . 
  actually use 2 offensive spells now . 
  i thought i 'd stick with only being a warrior but i guess a bit of a hybrid sorcerer thingie ca n't hurt . 
  it depends man . 
  i remember playing the game way back when it was released and i stopped after taurus demon . 
  now ( literally a week or 2 ago ) i started playing again , and have been looking stuff up ( like where to go next so i do n't waste tons of time looking , or the basic mechanics like upgrading , and stat scaling ) and am enjoying it so much more . 
  i hit 1000 development ( remember it clearly because i upgraded to empire level ) at 1590 's ( close to 1600 ) . 
  my expansion was pretty limited thought with austria on one side , commonwealth on the other , and ottoblobs the third . 
  and i do n't really feel i need more than 100 force limit . 
  hell i just use 2 armies ( that take up 78 force limit ) and that 's more than enough , cause the damn forts really block them from doing anything useful . 
  i finish an area and then watch northernlion and zisteau as they play through it . 
  it 's quite the opposite for me . 
  i ca n't have fun in a game unless i understand it very well ( not necessarily 100 % best player in the world , but i want to know all about every single mechanic , so that i may draw my own conclusions ) . 
  my buddy literally snapped his keyboard into 2 pieces while playing need for speed . 
  i assume most streamers overreact , but you never know . 
  seriously . 
  the synergy is so bad . 
  there 's another way to do it o.o, 
  basically . 
  and if the enemy jumps or burrows down ... it 's a bad time . 
  you can technically win almost ( or maybe truly ) anything without any items , does n't mean it 'll be easy . 
  her damage is actually bad . 
  it 's isaac 's damage , which is basically the lowest damage ( tied with some other characters ) not including eden , or eve that is n't wob ( as she should be ) . 
  guillotine . 
  it 's a very decent dps upgrade , and an orbital . 
  and i 'm kinda used to dodging . 
  all everyone ever says is `` fuck guillotine never pick up 0/10 '' . 
  even the egg started skipping it in dailies . 
  or krakow , for some nations . 
  personally i 'd have every tech be able to `` tech up '' to the next tier through a decision , just like eastern/anatolian can with westernization decision . 
  so hordes/chinese could advance to muslim/indian , with the proper cored no separatism land , then those muslim/indian could go anatolian by owning some land a bit more to the west , and then they can westernize with the decisions we have now . 
  nice one . 
  basically my reaction . 
  i feel really stupid but is the question :, 
  are you not coming for the grave ? 
  so answering yes would mean you 're coming for something else ? 
  or is it :, 
  are you not coming for the grave ? 
  a question that would basically be the same without the `` not '' so if you answer yes means you 're here for the grave . 
  well i assume there 's a decent amount of people that just do n't play ironman ( those autosaves are so annoying , my game already kind of lags at speed 5 ) . 
  damn . 
  my highest was 98 % . 
  it 'd be worth it in the late game . 
  if i remember correctly , did n't that bug also make it so dwtd on the second floor was not 100 % guaranteed to appear even if you take no red heart damage ( not just devil , no door in general ) . 
  i 'm not a programmer , but how was such a simple bug not fixed ? 
  would it not be as simple as resetting the percentages when the player starts a new game ? 
  so what are the stats on the left ? 
  why ? 
  what are the stats on the left ? 
  ( this is for testing the new stats bot , i know what they are ) . 
  and how do you remove that ( since i obviously do n't have it ) ? 
  good bot . 
  i was expecting the jumper cables description to end differently . 
  eve 's pretty good now that you can consistently be in wob . 
  she was alright even before as long as you were diligent about avoiding red hearts . 
  maybe as a reward for 1001 % , without the `` seed '' effect ? 
  at that point you 've unlocked everything , so it would n't matter . 
  i 'd just like to see my stats go up over time , while still using this function ( to remove all the fucking range upgrades from the boss pool ) . 
  i found it pretty funny . 
  yeah , have it do the regular seed stuff until you get to 1001 % . 
  it would just feel `` meaningless '' to play like that if nothing in my save file ever changed . 
  i thought the same at first . 
  now i ca n't get back into ck at all , only eu . 
  i do n't get the hate for the guardian . 
  you just have to think a bit in order to change your playstyle . 
  i 've attempted it 3 times by now , 2 of those ended up with me winning , and one of those ended on womb ( with a ton of hearts mind you , so i 'd probably win ) thanks to the spike bug . 
  speed however ... i am almost positive it can not be beaten consistently . 
  oh your poor bastard ... if you think the ps controls are bad do n't even try pc . 
  well , i got it to actually pretty good level with a ton of configuration . 
  definitely not the best port but very playable with some adjustments . 
  there 's very useful guides , and dsmousefix is a godsend . 
  yeah . 
  i 'd love this one as well . 
  make pills worth it on at least one character . 
  same . 
  for a bit i thought it was dr fetus cause dr pepper . 
  thanks . 
  i guess i 'll just live with the 5 unrest , cause france is allied to half the fucking world , and i 'm relatively good with unrest . 
  got ta use the anus rune . 
  not an experienced programmer , but deleting itself/its ' data is one thing . 
  surely it would need permissions to delete anything not related to it . 
  this is very much not related to the topic at hand , but i read your comment as `` castrated '' rather than `` frustrated '' . 
  it 's late . 
  that was a very nice surprise for me in my first `` serious coalition '' . 
  some opm declared on me so i decided to fuck him up first . 
  cue 100 war score and me being very happy . 
  yeah seriously . 
  back before ( and during ) common sense i often saw 3-4 reforms being passed by the ai . 
  i played about 5 different cossack games near the hre and not a single reform has been passed any time . 
  i actually liked carpet sieging : /, 
  unrelated to the topic , but the unique way in which dark souls story is presented does n't necessarily make it `` deep and good '' . 
  the story is your average fantasy world where you 're the chosen one , plus the whole curse of the undead thingy .
