  new vegas was great though . 
  you 'd have to spend the 20k souls either way . 
  the ladder is pretty much useless as you can just jump from the tree to the `` lower roof '' area , and that 's all the ladder lets you access anyway . 
  damn man , so much text for some minor nitpicking . 
  we all know what 's meant by `` dragon '' . 
  the `` first bonfire to vodrt '' shortcut is pretty amazing . 
  you can skip the guys up top easily with all the platforms , then run past the `` 1 guy then 5 guys climb up '' group , crossbow guy wo n't hit you if you 're moving , the guy below takes ages to stand up , and you do n't even have to go near the knights as you can just drop down from the right of the guy that takes ages to stand up . 
  you 're definitely missing them . 
  i found a ton of my own , and it felt great every time . 
  and online helped me find some i definitely could miss ( and not to spoil anything , but a certain illusory walls leads to one of the hardest encounters in the game ) . 
  i beat them and pontiff solo first try , and i hear both complained about a lot . 
  but i died to the greatwood like 5 times . 
  key locations :, 
  [ spoiler  ( / s `` key to the locked guy is in the room after you drop down the ladder after the hollow transforms into a monster . 
  the one behind the knight . 
  the other locked door key is given to you by the guy that gave you 5 cracked red eye orbs . 
  i ca n't recall the exact triggers . '' ), 
  exactly the opposite here . 
  when i can see them on the screen all at once , i know when to dodge . 
  i was totally stumped ( hehe ) with greatwood . 
  also the animation for betrayal . 
  i wo n't take that item even if it 's free cause fuck that . 
  so i have 1001 % for quite a while now ... rpg for a long time before that ... until this point i always thought it is isaac 's jar of tears because i watch nl , and never pick the item up . 
  since i 'm clearly missing something about the fight that was so hard , was pontiff supposed to copy the exact moves of his clone 1 second later ? 
  it 's erm ... everywhere ? 
  found both of them twice in rebirth , never in afterbirth . 
  oh right i have done that . 
  still , it cut off my conversation midway : /, 
  trying too hard . 
  i just care about healing . 
  i do not know . 
  i think heals were constant in ds1 , and scaled in ds2 , which is why i 'm asking . 
  yeah , one of the best qol changes in ab that i never see anyone talk about . 
  even if i had 10000000000 $ a month i still would n't buy that . 
  what the hell do i do with it ? 
  i thought the `` wrapper '' was literally just for the pepperoni . 
  thanks . 
  are you kidding ? 
  there is insane difference . 
  the fire is so annoying , the attacks change their ... movement ??? 
  and also the arrows last forever . 
  it 's terribly inconsistent for me with the mouse . 
  i ended up just setting a bind for weak attack to `` h '' just for kick purposes so i can press `` w+h '' . 
  that one works for me 9/10 times . 
  i feel like miyazaki 's trying really hard to get people to like ds2 's lore . 
  i prefer ds2  ds1 . 
  i do n't really care too much about the lore . 
  i watched enb/vaati 's videos , and like it , but i prefer gameplay . 
  and ds2 is better in that regard . 
  do n't get me wrong , i prefer ds2  ds1 . 
  i am just really not a `` lore '' type of person . 
  i looked up the enb/vaati videos , but i do not focus on it too much , and as such feel that my opinion on ds2 lore is just whatever most people say , as i am not informed too much about it . 
  and that opinion is that it sucks . 
  i do not know if it is true . 
  first souls game i actually leveled it . 
  previous 2 i never leveled it because i wanted the extra challenge , but i saw just how much hp it gives compared to base . 
  i 'm kinda mixed about the ds thing ... on the one hand damn even if turn based that was pretty amazing . 
  on the other it was tool assisted : /, 
  too lazy . 
  nah man , if you 're comfortable with a keyboard , use it . 
  i literally can not play with a controller . 
  find them clunky and awkward and since i push the buttons like a maniac my fingers start to hurt after a while . 
  i have not had any issues finishing ds1 and ds2 with m&kb . 
  also , even if i could play with a controller , the one reason i still would n't is because i would miss the precise camera movement you get with the mouse . 
  so if anything , the mouse is superior imo . 
  not really , i never had any issues apart from kicking , by using m&kb . 
  if i used a controller i probably could n't even beat the asylum demon . 
  just can not play with them at all . 
  i was just about to post something like this . 
  many games i 've been anxiously awaiting in the past few years have been a bust . 
  dragon age inquisition , fallout 4 etc. 
  this one totally lived up to the hype . 
  last boss took me 2 tries . 
  the 2 ones before that i killed first try . 
  but god damn is the nameless king hard . 
  yeah damn . 
  that guy was crazy . 
  he easily took me like 20 tries . 
  the hardest boss after that for me was curse rotted greatwood at like 5 . 
  aldrich took 3 . 
  rest of the bosses even less . 
  even the abyss watchers and pontiff i hear people say are difficult i killed first try . 
  nameless king op . 
  i feel exactly the opposite . 
  whenever i tried to block attacks i got my shit kicked in . 
  rolling is way too op in this game . 
  i left the exact same message . 
  i 'm sure a ton of people do . 
  i accidentally did . 
  i saw i got a tome , i go to take the tome to her . 
  she starts talking about the dark and stuff so i 'm like `` alright then i wo n't give you the tome '' expecting another confirmation . 
  instead she just took it automatically . 
  i do n't understand why there is n't another check there like there is with karla . 
  i gave them to her and killed her immediately when she asked . 
  was so sad when she came back and was like `` i 'm sorry but i can not die '' . 
  she asked me to kill her : /, 
  [ mate , i 'm seeing your spoiler . 
  he survived for me and siegward was stuck in the well still . 
  it 's a guy that somehow got tits . 
  just finished ds3 .
