  i 'd like playerunknown 's battlegrounds . 
  fav food ? 
  chicken in a sandwich . 
  fav game ? 
  wow . 
  or dishonored if singleplayer . 
  movie ? 
  i do n't watch any movies , but i did like rogue one a lot . 
  dark souls ii : scholar of the first sin and the turing test please . 
  thanks . 
  yo , same here , how to fix ? 
  ah , so it 's a / / todo : fix then ... 
  i did n't like it at all , simply because it makes no logical sense to have an arbitrary limit on them . 
  i would have much preferred no limit ( meaning you can have as many as you want ) but have them be much much rarer ( like they 're hard to produce or some shit , of course make the markets not sell them infinitely ) . 
  because 95 % of the time i 'm running around with 5 , passing over many sleep darts , and then 5 % of the time i end up using them all and needing more . 
  wow . 
  i applaud you for noticing this . 
  i had some programming classes in high-school and i 'd always finish shit in like 1/5th the time others would , even when i tried to be `` cute '' with niche cases and such . 
  so since i had nothing to do i wanted to make a game ( in delphi ) . 
  the professor obviously could n't just stand next to me to tell me shit every time something would n't work ( and sometimes even he 'd be stumped cause well , delphi clearly is n't meant for making games , at least not if you , like me , insist on writing absolutely everything yourself with no libraries ) . 
  i 'd ask a question on so and i 'd basically be told i 'm a fucking idiot that should just stop everything programming related and to `` not do that '' . 
  really put me off . 
  curious , what exactly did you think software gore was ? 
  software jumping out the computer and murdering the poor dev ? 
  took me until like halfway through the comments to realize it 's not that . 
  really not that different though . 
  definitely play da :o . 
  it 's an amazing rpg that i 've replayed many times ( like 5 + ) . 
  and i never replay games . 
  da2 is like ... ok . 
  da : i can be fun if you avoid the `` mmo style '' quests , but it 's filled with cancer sjw propaganda . 
  may make him an asshole in your eyes , but does n't make him ignorant . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's well informed what he voted against . 
  except you had to take the polaroid every time so this could only happen very rarely when you get mom 's purse . 
  the polaroid was a trinket you needed to carry , to enter the chest . 
  according to like , a thousand nl videos ( ok not really , wotl and the chest were n't there for the first 200-ish , so like 800 ) , you 're incorrect . 
  they 're timeskips in the first one as well . 
  i would n't put money = power and steam sale in the same list as the others . 
  i dunno exactly . 
  there 's a timeline on the wiki . 
  literally nobody . 
  go on / r/politics and say anything positive about the current president of the united fucking states . 
  that 's still politics . 
  and it 'll still get downvoted . 
  hm ... i beat him first try , was n't really hard . 
  try using a dark sword . 
  it 's basically cheating . 
  if i was born as a vegetable , i 'd much rather prefer to die than live like that . 
  i 'd bet my life on the fact that 99 . something % of runs are winnable , if you 're good enough . 
  i used to `` hold r for good item '' . 
  now i got to a 53 eden streak ( that i lost in quite a stupid way , was definitely a winnable run ) . 
  with the buffs it 's actually okay now . 
  's only friend is actually awesome though . 
  lmao the rickroll at the end . 
  first time i 've legitimately laughed at one . 
  you could always just edit the save file to get your the achievement . 
  personally , i 'd go for ( almost ) full rebirth completion . 
  i mean do all the challenges , and fill all the post it notes . 
  do n't bother trying to collect all the items ( at least in rebirth only ) , as some of them are a real pain in the ass . 
  used to cut my hair every 3 months like you ( i 'd look like a fucking werewolf ) . 
  now i do it every 3 , sometimes 4 weeks if i 'm lazy . 
  call it an average of 3.5 , that 's 52/3 .5 = 15 . 
  and i have a buddy that cuts his hair every 2 weeks . 
  i mean , i get that they 're troll bombs , but that 's annoying as fuck . 
  i had the timer memorized internally and then just ... fuck you . 
  i beat it because of leech and ludo + flight . 
  fly over a rock and let leech heal you . 
  i 'd actually argue the lost is easier than az for this one . 
  free hit every room vs up to 6 hits across the entire game + items that give you hearts directly . 
  if i did n't look it up i 'd have probably never played ds1 , and would have missed out on an amazing series . 
  like that guy said , all i knew was `` omg this is the hardest game ever '' , so i assumed the skeletons are what i 'm supposed to fight . 
  the stairs are awkwardly placed . 
  even after reading where to go , took me a few seconds to see the path , because there 's a perfectly fine set of stairs next to it ( leading to the lift ) . 
  you 're assuming i know what an aqueduct even is ( non-native english speaker here ) . 
  i mean , i know now , but i played ds back in like 2011 . 
  happens with small rooms . 
  it 's not that goat head does n't work , a room just ca n't spawn . 
  you can see that happen without goat head even , sometimes when you enter a floor you 'll see the deal chance at 0 . 
  shitty when it happens second floor . 
  move from corner to corner . 
  x --  y, 
  you move when he jumps towards you . 
  he is always at the previous corner . 
  this lets you dodge the arguably hardest to dodge attack easily . 
  i mean ... they are hardcoded , to 0.25 and 0.4 . 
  it shows it from the start . 
  real bummer when you see it , but hey at least you do n't have to care about not getting hit . 
  i do n't believe that 's true . 
  your ipecac/dr fetus bombs do half a heart to you , but normal bombs still hit the same . 
  it 's always fucking leaking . 
  not to sound elitist or whatever , but i 'm pretty sure with how much i played ds games , blocking would actually hinder me . 
  why block when you can roll ? 
  by far easiest my ass . 
  i 'd argue it 's the hardest . 
  definitely the hardest to sl1 . 
  i 'd go ( in order of difficulty ), 
  regular play : ds2  ds1  ds3, 
  sl1 : ds2  ds1 no pyromancy  ds3  ds1 pyromancy, 
  so ... guess you do n't wan na hear about my 4k + ( lost count ) hours in wow , or that guy on steam that has over 10k hours in dota ( probably more at this point , he was at 10k a couple of years ago ) . 
  erm , vanilla and tbc unquestionably ?
