  ok , your first point is true , but torture and fear are powerful things nonetheless . 
  i did n't say it 's bad . 
  just unexpected . 
  it broke previous `` expectations '' . 
  like you came to play poker but got blackjack instead . 
  and in a game where decisions matter ( or are at least supposed to ) you should be aware of such a change . 
  i very carefully chose my words in planescape torment , because you know you ca n't just go through the whole dialogue tree every time . 
  never before the sera quest do you get in any way penalized by going through all the options with a ? 
  icon . 
  it could be the case . 
  i 'm talking about a reaction based off a blind playtrough . 
  in the case of `` me vs companion '' of course i 'll choose what i think is correct . 
  i am the main character after all . 
  but anything else i 'd support companions 100 % , even if it would mean war against an empire . 
  so you 're basically saying she 's immature and are implying that 's a good thing ? 
  it does n't make it hilarious . 
  did they deserve it ? 
  sure . 
  but the joke itself is unfunny . 
  at least make it a trap or something instead of doing drive by pieing . 
  again , everything corresponds to your paragraphs , too lazy to quote . 
  how would i get an opinion on someone before i interact with them ? 
  i did say `` at start '' . 
  i 'd befriend the ugliest thing ever , assuming it has better qualities . 
  not to say you should immediately shoo ugly people , but certainly you 'd automatically , even subconsciously , think better of a pretty person than an ugly one . 
  i further explain just why i hate her . 
  and , like i mentioned somewhere below , i never said she was n't `` real '' . 
  but that does n't automatically mean i must like her . 
  i am the inquisitor , my word should hold some power , as it does . 
  i do not mean to be a dictator , but if it 's my word vs hers , guess which one i 'll listen to ? 
  me vs sera should be obvious no ? 
  if you had an acquaintance irl ( so not a good friend , as sera obviously was n't ) and you had differing opinions , would you do as he says , or would you do what you think is right ? 
  if it came down to companions vs anyone else , i 'd definitely support my companion ( well , unless he 's literally saying something like `` let 's kill and eat this guy for no reason ) . 
  also , i do n't think that last sentence is showing sera in a good way . 
  sure , most of the nobles are dickwads , but making decisions just based off of somebody 's social status is bad . 
  real talk , 9/10 times i 'd much rather have bad trip/health down than tears down . 
  i do n't remember when , and certainly ca n't be bothered to search for it now , but i made a post where i counted the pill effects . 
  the number of positive pills ( and i included some generally not important stuff like infested in those ) was the same as the number of negative pills , and the number of `` good neutral '' pills like pheromones was like half of the bad neutral/total neutral pills . 
  so yeah , mathematically pills are n't worth it . 
  edit : why the distinction between phd and virgo ? 
  literally the same effect . 
  if it were me , i 'd give phd `` actually only good pills '' effect , changing neutral pills to random stat upgrades , virgo can stay the same , and luck foot can get its ' own effect back . 
  cain , while not a bad character , is pretty boring to play ( at the start which is basically when characters differ the most ) with no spacebar item/unique strategies like killing yourself as lazarus . 
  virgo effect would at least make it fun to pop pills , and it 's not like it would be op when about a third of the pills in the game are neutral ( and since the pool is 13 , you could probably have a run with only neutral pills ) . 
  normal kill ... well ... epic fetus . 
  there 's 13 pills in the pool . 
  chances of seeing more than one or two of a pill on a run , is n't really low , but it is n't too high either ( excluding other item interactions like placebo , or blank card jera but at that point who the heck needs pills ) . 
  well unless you meticulously explore every single room . 
  i just go to the important ones . 
  also there 's your `` over time '' statement . 
  a tears down on the first floor will hurt way more than 3-4 tears up will benefit you over the entire run ( not to mention you can hit tear cap quite easily with like 2 tear up items ) . 
  yeah , i like kotor , but the morality system was terrible . 
  `` oh hey dark jedi , you do n't want to just blatantly murder this poor sick peasant and all his family ? 
  well guess you just lost your 1d8 damage bonus . '', 
  or at the very least make it possible to go over the max so one light side choices does n't make me immediately weaker in combat . 
  why not ? 
  i mean , the choices you make are supposed to matter ? 
  so why not have him there if he 's alive ? 
  a reward for players that played all the way since the start ( as the canon version is apparently with the warden dead ) ? 
  obviously not have 2 different games , but some different cutscenes , and maybe it makes some difficult choices preventable ( like you can only save 1 companion , but if the hero of ferelden is there he takes care of it ) . 
  `` one slot taken up by the mark '', 
  i may be retarded but what ? 
  i do n't recall anything like that . 
  the game should be finishable either way , and most of the `` casuals '' which bioware is pandering to wo n't care too much if they lose a couple of characters along the way . 
  and if they do , then they can play all the games , and bioware gets even more money . 
  win win . 
  the guy talking about the tattoo has no relations to ed is what i believe he 's saying . 
  i 'm just explaining what he said . 
  again , i honestly have no clue what you 're saying . 
  i do n't remember any ability being mandatory . 
  i do n't remember that . 
  i have spirit blade , chain lightning ( or however it 's called , magic missile ( again not true name ) , fire thingy on the ground that is n't a min , but the instant one , ke disappearing spell , freeze spell , healing focus spell , and barrier . 
  that 's 8 spells . 
  eh , i do n't really like the idea , because the negative has a very minor effect , and 99 % of the time i 'd take the polaroid . 
  i know the feeling though . 
  had a 100 % won run in rebirth as the lost , went out to use the dice room to reroll some consumables or something , ran back into mom 's heart room , and promptly fell into the sheol trapdoor ( i was going to the chest ) . 
  it only punishes you if you care about the story . 
  if you came for the gameplay you can have fun . 
  i actually like that actual `` gameplay '' affects the story . 
  i do feel like there should have been 2 separate `` chaoses '' . 
  killing guards would up the difficulty , but how you deal with the assassination targets would be the thing that affects emily . 
  i would like some , even if minimal mana regen . 
  i 'm very anal about never using potions and waiting 5 seconds to blink again is not fun . 
  it 's obvious from the 2 comments that they 're making some kind of reference . 
  [ i do n't care , i played the game countless times but i still see everything in your spoiler . 
  why ? 
  you can be renegade and not lose anyone . 
  only ones that died for me were mordin , legion , and kaidan . 
  i feel pretty opposite . 
  i never felt renegade shep was `` bad '' in me3 . 
  and i ca n't do a paragon playtrough as it 's basically bending over to anyone . 
  renegade shepard ultimately does good , he just does it in a badass , `` i 'm not your bitch '' kind of way . 
  who cares about graphics ? 
  ok yeah i know many people do but to me they 're very unimportant , especially in dishonored . 
  what should matter is the gameplay , and this game will hopefully be as good , or even surpass 1 in that regard . 
  i liked that they did it . 
  better than nothing , and the tiny little trailer sparked a ton of discussion in the dishonored subreddit . 
  why ? 
  he could 've just not commented . 
  if you see a sentence `` she 's going to do the superhero landing '' and think it 's serious then man , you got ta work on that .
