  the whole quidditch world cup fiasco before fourth . 
  literally locked out the wizard world before fifth . 
  before 6th year could be possible , as would a few moments in the past years , but his only option of going that far are either the weasleys , or dumbledore , and i think he did n't want to bother them . 
  and what would he read/learn about them ? 
  they were n't particularly special in any way , except for giving birth to him . 
  mind linking the video ? 
  i was really into the mindcrack guys a while back , and just about stopped watching when they split up . 
  ooge as well , but without the drunken swearing it 's just not the same . 
  i have the one and only sub , no videos , and he left a comment saying `` im ur only subscrb '' . 
  i think i saw sacred heart twice in my journey to 1001 % . 
  saw godhead more times than it . 
  what book would possibly write about that ? 
  i 'm sure snape would just love to share his journals with harry . 
  we 'll get emulators ... in a certain amount of years ... 
  i totally forgot about that . 
  yeah i found that ( close to where i found my one true love , the halberd ) . 
  thanks . 
  guess i was just expecting yet another creepy guy with arms stretched to show up . 
  i 'd be all over gameplay changing items if they gave some advantage . 
  like , i always take guillotine cause damage and tear delay . 
  same with anti grav , again tear delay . 
  stuff like strange attractor just does not give anything worthwhile to even consider it . 
  a couple of synergies do not make it worth picking up . 
  one could also say you should take isaac 's heart in that case . 
  i think if you get enough luck ups that combination can make a run literally unwinnable . 
  i mean ... you did n't actually improve on his answer too much . 
  you can do whatever you want , but most people that play isaac either quit before they accomplish too much , or go for 100 % completion . 
  so yeah , i 'd recommend going to the dark room . 
  how was it wrong ? 
  `` adding harder enemies '' = `` its champion bosses '' `` champion mobs more often '', 
  `` harder room layouts '' = `` harder possible rooms '', 
  i felt like the fight was way too easy . 
  beat the first phase no problem , and said `` that was it ? '' . 
  then the second phase came , and it was still pretty easy . 
  beat it on first try . 
  but then it took me like 4 tries to kill the greatwood so i may be playing slightly odd . 
  1 ) npc invaders are actually pretty good in ds3 . 
  they parry and stuff . 
  2 ) you can play it online even with cracked now . 
  we got a fix . 
  [ i found this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/darksouls3/comments/4ebyxm/dark_souls_3_patch_11_adds_more_optimization/ ) . 
  did the guy fuck up ? 
  i mean , i was pretty amazed at the improvement . 
  got my ass handed to me when the guy parried me . 
  was not expecting that . 
  and i guess it 'll be a while until i play online , as it ca n't load old saves . 
  got ta finish the first playtrough offline then . 
  edit : nope , got it working , online works . 
  ah thank you . 
  do you maybe know how to successfully transfer save files to the online crack version ? 
  yeah . 
  i fixed it in a different way already . 
  as soon as you complete the chest once ( as it 's easier imo ) i 'd go hard mode . 
  not that much of a difference . 
  i do n't think the `` new '' saves delete the old ones . 
  so make a character with the new save , exit to menu , and enter load screen but do n't select a character . 
  while you 're in the load screen copy paste the old save over the new save , and then load the character ( it will still appear to be the new character you created , but it 's not if you did it correctly ) . 
  i really hate language classes . 
  i 'm from serbia and i study english and german . 
  i do not at all worry about english as i learned it from games . 
  yet i 've been studying german for 8 years and can barely string together a few sentences . 
  i 'm sure that had i not played games i would be just as bad at english . 
  origin ? 
  this game has way more infusions . 
  i recommend the `` refined '' one , available straight from the start . 
  it basically just increases the scaling on the weapon ( lowering base damage a bit ) . 
  so if you 're going for a quality build definitely get that one . 
  20 + tries . 
  then i looked up how to summon solaire . 
  ds2 : blue smelter demon . 
  fuck that guy . 
  the run up to him is even worse . 
  close contender are the 2 fucking pussies in eleum loyce . 
  and my greatsword fucking broke while i was fighting them because durability bug , and i had to quickly get a new weapon from the inventory because one of them was kind enough to do the `` chewing '' animation on me that actually gave me enough time to swap . 
  are we talking about [ ] ( / s `` pontiff ? 
  i beat that guy on the first try . 
  i also hear the abyss guys qq 'd a lot . 
  beat them first try as well . 
  but it took me like 5-6 tries to beat the curse rotted greatwood so what do i know . '' ), 
  edit : also odd to me is that i beat capra on first try and o&s almost on the first try ( super smough got me good ) , yet it took me well over 20 tries to beat the belfry gargoyles . 
  i do n't know how much i 'd die if i did n't google how to summon solaire . 
  well do n't you sound condescending ? 
  there 's legit rig questions , when you are teetering on the edge of the specified requirements , and also `` choose what looks cool '' is not an answer i 'd be satisfied with if i specifically wanted to know what 's best . 
  i just go full havel 's ... always ... my ds1 mage wore havel . 
  it 's absolutely false . 
  if i specifically asked what is the best , i do n't want to be told `` oh just choose whatever '' . 
  i want to be told what 's the best . 
  an obvious answer for this specific question is the knight because 100 % physical shield . 
  very true . 
  i walked near the chest while getting shot at by a fire demon and was like `` he just stopped his round of attacks , i can open this chest , it 's probably not a mimic , it 'd be too expected '' ... then i stopped for a second ... and attacked . 
  it was a goddamn mimic . 
  i do use a shield but i never parry ( ca n't get the timing right ) and rolled most of the time , as his weapons are elemental . 
  i did use a halberd though , and was able to attack them both at the same time . 
  the difference is basically minimal ( slightly higher hp and damage , something like 5-7 % difference ) between ng +1 and ng +2 up to 7 . 
  after that it just stops . 
  the greatest difference is ng to ng + . 
  i believe there 's actually a few of those in ds2 . 
  most can be broken but one or two you just hit with a weapon and the nice hollows inside will actually open the door for you . 
  good old fallout ... it keeps getting ruined , first with 3 and now with 4 . 
  it 's basically far cry : fallout edition at this point .
