  edit : ah i know what you mean . 
  either way , i do n't see it as that big a problem . 
  as soon as i saw the path diverges , i would have returned the other way as soon as i kill a boss . 
  first time i went to the cathedral first thankfully . 
  indeed , i must have glanced over that . 
  damn i hope so . 
  i wanted to play catherine for so long . 
  ah yeah , i played de : hr . 
  i do n't care about graphics at all , and i checked out the original but i do n't think i could play it . 
  not because of the graphics , but because of the ui and the general clunkiness of the game . 
  i may check out borderlands . 
  i 've played all fallout games ( 1 ( told you i do n't care about graphics ) to 4 , nv included ) but i do n't consider those a shooter ( though fallout 4 may as well be ) . 
  this one seems to work . 
  i 'll let you know when i get around to it . 
  even if it does n't work , thanks a bunch for trying . 
  love the majula music . 
  or get the crystal dark sword , and have 500 + ar at less than 60 int . 
  flash runs ok on my schools ' ancient computers ( on lowest everything including resolution i can get 30-60 fps ( varies ) ) . 
  rebirth gets approx . 
  1-2 fps . 
  i ca n't seem to actually find any specific graphic options in rebirth . 
  flash still ran better at monitor native resolution though . 
  this is no buffs . 
  pretty insane for a sorcerer char . 
  do n't need the game , but i 'd like to rant :, 
  jesus fucking christ bethesda , what have you done with fallout ? 
  what started off as a witty dark humor roleplaying series , with well written quests , is now basically far cry : fallout edition . 
  but ... but ... the game is well praised !!, 
  ! 11 ! 11 how can you deny that . 
  oh ... i 'd like to but i ca n't . 
  see , human beings can apparently only respond in 4 different ways of saying yes . 
  yes , no ( yes ) , sarcastic ( yes ) and questioning ( yes ) . 
  i do n't think it 's by a landslide . 
  isaac and azazel are pretty close ( though i 'd still put azazel as # 1 ) . 
  those 2 are pretty far away from the third spot , whoever that may be ( used to be judas but with bob nerf now he 's kinda not ) . 
  edit : just read op . 
  lilith is very much not the strongest character . 
  only in greedmode does she shine . 
  no way man . 
  azazel literally needs no items and can still win ( inb4 `` haha lol evry character kn do tht git gud lol '' : you know exactly what i mean ) . 
  ah yeah ... that poise damage sure helps in pvp . 
  compared to how they were in ds1 , they really do suck . 
  with a quality zweihander in ds1 , i am doing insane damage ( 3 shot first dlc boss ) . 
  with a zweihander in ds3 , i 'm doing like 20 % more than with the freaking dark sword . 
  i do n't get the hate for capra . 
  i beat him first try , with a halberd . 
  the fucking gargoyles before him took me 20 tries though . 
  i found practically every other boss to telegraph its ' attacks extremely well . 
  pontiff was no issue for me , neither were the abyss watchers . 
  but holy shit nameless king is hell for me . 
  he just keeps attacking and attacking and sometimes attacks 3 times and sometimes 4 . 
  `` countless other players '' . 
  i 've seen nothing but complaints about the poise system . 
  where are these countless other players ? 
  second and third i agree with but what 's up with 1 ? 
  i can definitely stagger knights , and they definitely do n't have infinite stamina . 
  they do their combo , and then give you enough time to hit them . 
  we got 90k subs . 
  i think it 's a reasonable sample size to base that claim off of . 
  where are your sources that players like no poise ? 
  following that logic , health does n't matter at all because you can just not get hit . 
  i do n't think you understand statistics . 
  what the hell is that second sentence even supposed to mean ... how many subs over 90k ? 
  there 's the one sub for ds , that 's it . 
  and it 's got ~ 90k subs . 
  and i only see complaints about poise in here . 
  that 's enough people for me to determine that people in general will not like the poise issue . 
  never found dragonslayer armor or soul of cinder to be hard/agressive . 
  but yeah , champion gundyr is pretty bad as well . 
  of course it does n't mean all 90k are pro poise . 
  but i 've only seen complaints about the poise system , over and over and over . 
  and those comments get a lot of upvotes , hence it 's reasonable to assume that a very large part is pro poise . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  one of my biggest complaints about this game is that fucking bridge . 
  they should have increased the `` hitbox to make it fall '' , as seen in the previous episode when he hit it at the very start and it does n't fall , and also the damn option to climb down should have popped instantly . 
  like , make it not do anything until the bridge comes to a still but let the player know it 's there so they do n't miss it like this . 
  regular gundyr 's easy enough to not get hit on . 
  the difficulty 's a major part of the game ( according to bandai pr ) . 
  removing it makes no sense . 
  i do not agree at all . 
  my shepard was indeed mostly renegade ( about a 75:25 split ) but i do not even see the other 2 as an option . 
  reapers fuck shit up across the 3 games , and no star child is going to convince me not to destroy them . 
  personally , the only ending i see as `` good '' is max war assets , destruction ending . 
  you should watch harry plinkett 's review of those 3 . 
  how the hell did he miss horace like that : /, 
  whoa there , you seem a bit upset ... may i recommend ... gitting gud ? 
  you absolute fucking casual . 
  anyway , to be serious : first off , no reason to start insulting , especially from a viewpoint like yours . 
  second off , the difficulty ( not that there 's too much of it , it 's only difficult until you `` get '' the game ) is a core part of the game . 
  that 's it . 
  end of discussion . 
  it 's what the developers intended . 
  removing it ( in the `` easy '' mode you propose ) would be robbing the game of its ' core part . 
  what you 're basically asking to do is turn , as an example , romeo and juliet , into a two sentence story that would go like this :, 
  guy and girl fall in love , but their families ca n't stand each other . 
  so , through a series of unfortunate events , they both end up dead . 
  do you feel fulfilled now ? 
  like you read romeo and juliet ? 
  i 'm guessing not , which is what dark souls would be with an easy mode . 
  will it fuck up anri 's questline though ?
