  i do n't want to waste so much time on them my turn , but i 'd like to know when someone else attacks me , otherwise it just kinda pops on the screen and i have to figure it out . 
  so i 'm just wondering ... since the ai will bitch if i take cities by force ... what if i was to destroy all of my enemies ' armies , and siege all the cities down to nothing ? 
  could i ask for multiple cities in the peace deal ? 
  because as far as i know those do n't generate warmongering . 
  when would he accept giving away all cities but one . 
  edit : just in case it 's not clear here 's a tl ; dr : how much do i need to buttfuck the ai before it 'll give me everything but the capital in a peace deal . 
  so with the recent batman deal , i thought i 'd ask : how exactly are games `` optimized '' ? 
  is it just rewriting the code in a way that it will process faster ( like how there 's multiple algorithms to sort stuff ) ? 
  so i 'm playing as babylon . 
  i 'm pretty new , only completed 2 games so far , and now i 'm playing on king . 
  so it 's apparently classified as `` hard '' in the game . 
  i 'd like to ask if this start is good :, 
  coastal . 
  have whales and clams immediately next to me . 
  have settled on a hill . 
  i know it 'll bring me more food , but what about hammers ? 
  should i restart for an inland city ? 
  what are the advantages of each approach ? 
  this happened like 2 years ago . 
  i was way into minecraft back then , and was watching [ this improv court session ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_7kg1phek4 ) on a server called mindrack . 
  you do n't really need the context of the video , but during it , they 're presenting `` evidence '' and one of those was a video of the accused mistreating villagers . 
  it was presented in the form of an url . 
  tinyurl.com/bteamslaves specifically . 
  so , off i was to check it . 
  i was expecting a silly little minecraft video to pop up . 
  in my hurry , i missed the letter s in the end and so the url i typed in was tinyurl.com/bteamslave . 
  now , i recommend that you do n't actually check it out for i will describe what it is to you :, 
  it was a picture of a man spreading his anus as far as possible . 
  and i 'm pretty sure it was bloodied . 
  the title was `` hello.jpg '' which i do n't really understand why . 
  i 'm pretty sure i almost vomited ( i was eating at the time so you can see why a picture of a bleeding butthole may be kind of disgusting , and also i 'm generally easily disgusted ) . 
  so there i was , holding back the urge to puke , and all i wanted was to watch a silly little minecraft video . 
  being the good friend i am , i immediately send the link to my friend . 
  tl ; dr : wanted a minecraft video , got a torn asshole . 
  does someone have a video of this ? 
  i 'd like to see it but my barter is at ... 25 ... 
  in a true scumbag fashion , he hit 100 on a mom 's knife , scumming boss rush , mega satan , and that super envy room run . 
  you deserved it . 
  i know i did this the last time i played but i do n't remember if it was a `` mod '' or i was editing the . ini file , but how do you increase the range at which the `` interact '' box pops up so i do n't have to run up to every single thing in every single room to see if i can loot it ? 
  here 's a very hypothetical scenario . 
  it 's christmas . 
  a kid wants to get dragon age inquisition . 
  he 's invested time into the previous two games and wants to see the story continue . 
  instead , he gets call of duty . 
  now you may be thinking : `` well at least he got something , he should be grateful , there are starving children in africa '' . 
  and that is in my opinion wrong . 
  what if the kid really wanted dragon age , and cod does n't interest him ? 
  that game will practically be wasted money now . 
  it was a waste of time for the giver to go out and buy the game , and it was a disappointment for the receiver ( obviously this applies to any form of gift but i 'm sticking to my hypothetical scenario ) . 
  it was literally the opposite of a gift . 
  so , because you ca n't predict what someone 's going to give you , you should , in my opinion , just ask for a specific gift . 
  that is , apparently , frowned upon . 
  i actually got into a debate here on reddit over a picture of a couple asking for specific gifts for their wedding ( or whatever it was ) . 
  the way i see it , if you are going to give me a gift i will not like , you may as well not give me a gift at all . 
  it 'll be a bother for you to go get it , it 'll be a bother for me to have to return it , and just bad all around . 
  come to the [ insert whatever social event a gift is being received for ] and do n't bring anything . 
  it 's good enough that the person came . 
  that 's why i think asking for specific gifts should be acceptable , and that if you are just giving a random useless gift , you should just not give any . 
  since the system is all ... weird ... i though i 'd ask : i know the intimidation depends on how many points you got vs how many were available . 
  but does that only apply to the respective points ? 
  ie if i do a mission where there is no renegade points to be gained , only paragon , and i do stuff for paragon points there , will it affect my intimidations ? 
  or is it only on the total amount of renegade points ? 
  so ... i 'm playing an asshole sheppard , so of course he wants 2 girls . 
  now that could n't work in me1 . 
  now i want to romance tali , but i can also continue my relationship with liara . 
  if i do lair of the shadow broker before i do anything with tali , can i `` rekindle '' my liara relationship , and then still have tali as an option ? 
  also how will that work for me3 save conversion , which one will be my `` interest '' ? 
  is there a way ( maybe using gibbed ) to make a me3 save , with you being able to pick all the choices , that does n't require you to play the first 2 games ? 
  just in case there 's an `` import save '' feature for me4 , i 'd like to change only a few things in my playtrough ( such as the fact i missed conrad verner ) without replaying the first 2 games . 
  i really hope fallout 4 will have static enemies/loot . 
  doing lonesome road at lv 50 is harder than doing it on 30 . 
  leveling actually makes you weaker . 
  if everything scales , there 's no incentive to level . 
  does someone know which missions in me3 are timed ? 
  i do n't mean timed by `` priority '' missions , i 'll do the sidequests first . 
  but which are the ones timed by number of missions done ( like tuchanka : bomb ) . 
  i 'm kind of confused . 
  every thread seems to get deleted pretty soon . 
  yesterday i had a pretty fun day browsing / b / ( until the threads 404 ) but today everything is just shit . 
  do you just browse through the shit looking for gold ? 
  how do you stay up to date on all the latest `` may mays '' if everything gets deleted ? 
  i 'm just wonder when is it ? 
  because all i see on twitch is `` subscriber stream every sunday '' , not the exact time . 
  so nl brings this up every so often in his episodes ... so i 've got a question about [ this room . 
  is there a way to get that with only 1 bomb ? 
  because i have n't been able to figure it out , and i think the trick nl refers to when he says he `` knew how to do it '' is the old vanilla `` go outside the room and reenter , and the bomb will blow up more '' . 
  so i 'm left wondering if he 's being derpy and mixing games again , or is there actually a way to do it in rebirth ? 
  [ it really messes up the mood to have a man suddenly naked out of nowhere : < ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uawxmlw.jpg ), 
  talking about rpg 's . 
  in my opinion , it just ruins the entire rp part of it if bandits are wearing `` armor of awesomeness +9001 '' just because you 're max level . 
  oblivion was notorious for this . 
  also , say you 're fighting an `` evil demon the village must be saved from '' at level 5 . 
  you fight him , and it 's hard . 
  then later on , at lv 15 , you fight an insane villager and he 's as stong as the demon . 
  breaking immersion much ? 
  it ruins leveling . 
  leveling is supposed to make you stronger . 
  if everything levels with you , you are n't really getting stronger are you ? 
  then why is leveling even in there ? 
  why not just make an action game , action games are fun .
