  seems too easy . 
  with d10 , there 's only risk . 
  am i missing something ? 
  what was up with rotten meat yesterday ? 
  i got ~ 6k troops right now . 
  6 ships though ( or i 'm supposed to get them at some point anyway ) . 
  yeah the whole `` vikings get ships '' definitely popped . 
  i got the shipyards from the event as well . 
  checked . 
  i know people ask this question all the time , so that 's why you 're -24 , but none of the others got downvoted this bad . 
  have an upvote . 
  something is better than nothing . 
  i got an amazing keeper run for mega satan , and did n't get a single fucking angel room in the entire run . 
  if i got at least one i 'd use the exit continue glitch to do it . 
  so next run i just fired up cheat engine and gave myself a shitload of items to do it ( including the keys ) . 
  i do n't believe it was constantinople . 
  it was something along the lines of `` your capital '' + `` average country tech '' . 
  of course , who cares considering you can just edit the files to make you whatever tech you want . 
  did that with my `` entire ck2 map serbia '' save , which also came out muslim ( irony huh ) . 
  elaborate on this `` overseas coring discount '' please . 
  you may call that a problem . 
  i call that a synergy . 
  which button is for checking continents ( i wan na know where to cut the line ) ? 
  it 's singleplayer , so i did n't really affect anybody . 
  and i already fit the prerequisites ( seriously i could kill mega satan in about 5 second probably with the run i had , so i would kill him ) . 
  the only thing that stopped me is rng . 
  and i do n't consider that good design . 
  so i took it upon myself to `` fix '' it by simply giving myself a bunch of items , to simulate the run i previously had that would have beaten mega satan so i can get my achievement . 
  besides , the keeper is not fun . 
  did you read my post above ? 
  i got a total of 4 deals in that run . 
  my machine broke before i could even put in 10 cents . 
  out of those 4 , all 4 were devil deals . 
  and i considered that bullshit , so i simply gave myself the completion . 
  the keeper is a chore . 
  the entire character is not fun . 
  i wanted to go back to having fun , with the other characters . 
  i really do n't understand all the hype with this item . 
  i never found it to be that amazing . 
  7/10 , worst lump of coal synergy in the game . 
  i ca n't leave a job unfinished . 
  from my viewpoint , i already did the thing that needed to be done . 
  rng fucked me , so i said `` how about i fuck rng '' . 
  hm ... they should still be a horde though after they reform ? 
  chinese tech is better than nomad at least , i was intending to play as uzbek at first . 
  edit : apparently the decision changes your government type as well ... wonder if i can go back to being horde . 
  are you crazy ? 
  it 's like shooting 2 tears at every enemy in the room . 
  that 's pretty great . 
  take it with polyphemus = gg . 
  well , crap tier sure . 
  but taurus is literally just a negative now ( except on the ultra greed fight , and map/compass are just literally useless ) . 
  haha yeah citadel was great . 
  i take it you can continue playing after the main game ? 
  i thought you could n't . 
  yeah , if he 's below 15 . 
  can you force it otherwise ? 
  if it was unrerollable , i believe the lost would literally be the most fun character to play as . 
  constantly absurd runs , without the `` if you make a tiny mistake say bye bye to your run '' we got now when you can reroll it . 
  mom 's knife is so not overrated . 
  it 's one of the best items in the game . 
  not knowing how to use it does not make it bad . 
  well it would most definitely not be `` the lost '' anymore . 
  but it would be a very unique character , and like i said , the most fun to play as . 
  possibly as a reward for the 1001 % achievement . 
  i 'm pretty sure i read somewhere that it does n't work . 
  if it does however , could you not just repeatedly start a seed with it being the first item room , and get better runs on the lost/spoiler constantly that way ? 
  have a manual save right before entering the isle of mists . 
  close enough . 
  the part up to the funeral does n't take that long . 
  +1 agi for crippled limbs + skilled ( +5 all skills ) are both amazing ( well at least compared to other traits ) . 
  especially if you use the skilled exploit . 
  pick skilled at character creation . 
  remake character when leaving goodsprings . 
  take skilled again . 
  you get +5 to all skills once more ( so total of +10 ) but only get the -10 % xp once . 
  you can also do this at the big mountain ( old world blues ) when you reset traits for a total of +15 to all skills . 
  any way i can see that before a battle ? 
  the advantages hordes have . 
  what terrain it applies on , how much , whether it 's only for cavalry etc. 
  greed waves really confuse me . 
  i get 3 floating heads that shoot at you ( i do n't know the names ) that will die in seconds . 
  the wave before that i get 4 big spiders that break up into 2 regular spiders + 2 of those fast big spiders with long legs that spawn the white stuff that spawns even more spiders . 
  how does that help me with this ? 
  i do n't really want to make any adjustments to the way my computer works . 
  i thought it was not good enough , as i got it on some runs and it seemed to do no damage . 
  definitely came around on it . 
  i do n't think you realize just how correct this `` literally '' is . 
  i swear i saw that question on every post with missinghud , mine included . 
  really ? 
  i personally thought the battery one was terrible . 
  most spacebar items wo n't really be all that useful together , and definitely not with a 12 room charge . 
  since you ca n't remove transformations , this could hurt your run severely . 
  imagine you took white pony , got the transformation , and then d6 shows up . 
  if you were n't `` transformed '' you could reroll every 6 ( or less considering you have battery items ) rooms . 
  with the transformation you get to do it every 12 rooms . 
  i love the egg scum and basically started playing thanks to his latest lp , but i would n't know what he 's doing bad ( and apparently he is doing everything bad according to the comments ) . 
  no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i am at the gate . 
  the settlement is `` covenant '' .
