  this is news to me . 
  980 vanilla + 821 rebirth + 65 antibirth + 600 afterbirth + 176 ab + + nlss + like 40 episodes of community remix . 
  ascetic * not aesthetic . 
  not really . 
  i play with mouse and keyboard . 
  i 've beaten all 3 games many times , i am pretty good at pvp , and i did sl1 runs of ds1 and 3 . 
  people in the dark souls community like to circlejerk a lot about how m&kb is unplayable and controller is the only way to play and blah blah blah . 
  having always been a pc gamer , i can not play with controllers , so i used keyboard and mouse . 
  i 've beaten all 3 games with no problem , many times . 
  i beat people in pvp a lot of the time . 
  i 've done sl1 runs ( means beating the game at level 1 , that is without leveling ever ) of ds1 and 3 . 
  the controls are n't even bad for ds2 and 3 , they 're pretty good . 
  i think the circlejerk comes from the fact ds1 had terrible mouse controls , but there 's a tool that makes it basically like the other 2 . 
  please be dishonored 2 . 
  it 's like soy milk , but less shitty and more zany . 
  i 'm for it . 
  can this run dishonored 2 ? 
  i 'd rather they deal double damage . 
  instakill is too much . 
  so on the womb they do 2 hearts . 
  pretty sure it does n't . 
  that seems ... pretty dang low . 
  thanks . 
  i am discussing the fact it 's probably better to not unlock certain stuff if you want to make the game as easy as possible and do n't care about 1000001 % ? 
  what exactly is the point of your comment ? 
  that one seems pretty funny to me . 
  definitely pe . 
  not really . 
  it 's not a dps upgrade even if you get rid of the teleporting . 
  `` 100 % on isaac '' . 
  not even close to stuff like sl1 runs of dark souls games . 
  restart till you get an hp regen item . 
  the main reason i beat it is the leech . 
  it 's a daily , what 's the point of playing it if you wo n't be serious ? 
  that is also why i 'd prefer him never to do a daily run ever again because if he fucks up this bad on a normal run i just laugh . 
  if it 's a daily i get pissed off . 
  '' / pol / 's bitches '', 
  holy shit , laughed my ass off at this one . 
  mods = gods, 
  i 'd remove the mechanic altogether . 
  there 's not a `` shit items '' list is there ? 
  just as you can get 5 range upgrades in a row , why not get quad shot polyphemus brimstone ? 
  great with mouse controls . 
  among the gaming community , i 'd say pewdiepie is the most famous person who 's been on the nlss . 
  certainly more likely to hear about him than about a winner of a reality show in america . 
  i do n't really remember which video it was . 
  and i guess `` been '' is kinda misleading . 
  he showed up and talked with them for a few minutes . 
  i think he also played isaac at some point . 
  has n't been on for the entire 3 hours . 
  you may be right . 
  still though . 
  you underestimate the power of the d6 . 
  i 'd say you 're wrong . 
  then you get champion ragman as the boss . 
  spun though . 
  as someone very new to programming , i wonder if someone could explain most of these ? 
  i may be missing something , but i do n't really know why everyone considers this item so good . 
  i generally always will want devil deals . 
  you do n't actually `` lose '' mega stan progress . 
  there was just no character specific tracking for it in rebirth . 
  so there 's nothing to lose . 
  it 's a bad meme at this point . 
  can someone explain this one ? 
  no 2 is literally just a straight upgrade . 
  let the button go every 3 seconds and it 's basically free bombs when you need them . 
  ca n't ignore cursed eye as easily . 
  mate , it runs pretty badly everywhere . 
  i 'm pretty poor so i actually am only able to play the first 3 levels ( free demo ) and all 3 levels run like shit . 
  i assume for the sake of everyone you wo n't say which one is which . 
  it 'd be the same way if launching bob 's brain required you to charge it for 3 seconds , which is n't the case . 
  you can not avoid launching bob 's brain . 
  you can not disable the teleport ( yeah you can not get hit , but you almost never get hit on purpose so that 's kind of a moot point ) . 
  you can avoid dropping a # 2 bomb . 
  it 's not that we ca n't spell . 
  it 's a joke . 
  `` x has appeared in the basement '' means you unlocked a new item and will be able to find it in your future runs . 
  i thought something would show up on the floor as well the first time i played . 
  best tip is `` git gud '' . 
  literally . 
  you just got ta play enough to learn the patterns . 
  everyone dies a lot at the start . 
  however ... 
  [ here 's a pretty handy website to check all the items , i 'm not sure if the switch has ab + or even afterbirth , so pick whichever one fits at the top . 
  ] ( http://platinumgod.co.uk ), 
  look up how to find secret and super secret rooms . 
  try to not get hit in your red hearts , and you will get a deal with the devil . 
  they contain powerful items . 
  edit : and as others have said , go watch northernlion . 
  beat mom 's foot -  mom 's heart unlocked . 
  beat mom 's heart 10 times -  unlocked path to sheol and cathedral . 
  beat sheol boss 5 times -  dark room unlocked . 
  beat cathedral boss 5 times -  the chest unlocked ( in the picture ) . 
  definitely . 
  i dislike breaking the game . 
  it feels cheap . 
  blank card + jera alone is a very common combination that can break the shit out of the game . 
  one of the presidential candidates dedicated a blog post to it , and it was in the media for a while . 
  it 'll be somewhere in the books for sure . 
  maybe in the `` fun facts '' section , but it 'll be there .
