  [ res ignored duplicate link ], 
  [ res ignored duplicate link ], 
  what ? 
  as soon as i see something remotely pro shillary , i automatically assume it 's a tendieroll . 
  it would have been removed otherwise because our mods = gods . 
  man ... these people should not go on 4chan ... 
   revealing your power level irl, 
  you have actual autism . 
  i agree friendo . 
  but it 's current year , do n't you know ? 
  fuck you op . 
  you 're a faggot . 
  i think you give more people cancer than cigarettes do . 
  even when you post a message pops up . 
  everyone should know what to expect when they post here . 
  no need to act all confused when they get deported . 
  meanwhile reddit advocates it 's a `` free speech '' platform . 
  totally different . 
  that was in referral to the many terrorist attacks , which only this sub and / r/askreddit covered . 
  because there 's absolutely no censorship over at / r/politics or / r/news . 
  except these are more than 1 off . 
  mr mega : 106, 
  bomb bag : 131, 
  and so on . 
  that 's what tipped me off for sure , otherwise i 'd have thought it was real . 
  not counting , but that looks to me like it 's over 140 characters . 
  as an outsider ( see flag ) that barely knows anything about pence , why do you feel that way ? 
  while i agree , it can take a little while to get accustomed to . 
  saw many posts on 4chan about how it 's `` terrible '' and `` they could n't handle it '' . 
  saw that poll . 
  basically the exact same numbers as obama/whoever else in 2012 . 
  it 's intentionally worded that way because 9 % sounds `` omg so low , nobody wants them '' when actually it 's about average . 
  i also read somewhere that in one of the earlier elections , candidates had like 4 % rating . 
  who shat in your cereal ? 
  not 100 % consistent . 
  you can get hit before you see the `` sweet spot '' to stand still at . 
  ok sure , that 's your opinion . 
  i believe there should absolutely be no unavoidable damage , no matter how rare it is . 
  for the same reason i 'd rework isaac 's beams of light , daddy long-legs and triachnid , as well as mama gurdy ( though i heard she was `` fixed '' in afterbirth ) . 
   s/o, 
  imma need an eli5 on that . 
  did , could n't find anything . 
  you maybe have a link ? 
  yeah , but where are the nudes ? 
  basement and arcade . 
  never skip leg day . 
  ... mfw i used to skip it all the time ... 
  `` eternal personalities '' = complete hard mode with all characters . 
  `` eternal god '' = plat god + complete everything in hard mode . 
  every single time i make a comment about isaac 's beams of light , without fail , 100 % of the time someone will misunderstand which ones i 'm talking about . 
  talking about the ones in phase 2 . 
  they are 100 % random , and will hit you no matter what you do if you 're unlucky . 
  so not phase 3 beams , which i 'm well aware are perfectly dodgeable . 
  also , for ddl/triachnid , not talking about the stomps that chase you around . 
  talking about the ones that just drop randomly while the boss stays in the center and becomes invincible for the duration . 
  like i said , not sure on mama gurdy in ab . 
  she was bullshit in rebirth . 
  the pattern is predictable . 
  you can just stand still if you get to one of the safe spots . 
  but you can get hit as soon as the first shot comes out . 
  there is no way to predict that , and that 's what i 'm arguing is bs . 
  by losing . 
  i 'm sure there 's both . 
  personally i 'm a fan of the counter-shitposting , but i 've seen a few comments that i feel legit got baited . 
  i love them . 
  moderator : mr. trump , which politician do you prefer , adolf hitler or benito mussolini ? 
  please explain your reasons . 
  not ** the ** best item in the game , but it 's up there . 
  i do n't think anybody can deny it at least an 8 , possibly 9/10 . 
  also reminds me a bit of vanilla because shot speed is bad with it . 
  just give it more synergies . 
  seen many people skip them . 
  i still take them but every time i wish i stop . 
  i see this constantly , but i never experienced the lag , and i 've been playing vanilla on shitty school computers with like 128mb graphics card and 1gb ram . 
  meanwhile , rebirth runs at 0.5 fps on the same computers . 
  eve in vanilla : shit . 
  eve in rebirth : pretty good . 
  eve in afterbirth ( with the razor ) : top 5 char definitely , top 3 arguable . 
  if you were to compare it just by enemies , sure . 
  but rebirth got a whole bunch of new items and synergies , that make it way easier . 
  in vanilla you just kept getting shit like cat of nine tails ( had no damage up in vanilla , was just shot speed up , and shot speed was arguably only bad in vanilla ) . 
  i 'd actually argue vanilla  rebirth  afterbirth . 
  hey fbi/cia/whoever . 
  can i get on a list ? 
  i 'm not even american , but still put me on there . 
  i agree . 
  but my wording was `` do n't think anybody can deny it 's x/10 '' as i 'm sure there 's people that do n't think it 's a 10 . 
  he was being facetious . 
  his mechanical skill is impressive . 
  his tactical side is ... laughable . 
  he does have to make commentary all the time so i forgive him . 
  serious question here , why are you downvoted ? 
  neither hive mind nor bff are special according to platgod . 
  to be honest ... i really am not sure . 
  give back constantinople !, 
  yeah . 
  usually i 'm mildly annoyed at how every single bit of sarcasm , no matter how obvious , for some reason has to have an / s at the end . 
  this legit needed it . 
  loved the tendies part . 
  you honestly do n't have to .
