  considering all the boss rush waves were predetermined , you knew when it was coming . 
  no `` not being sure '' . 
  tech x is overrated ( not that it 's not an excellent item , but everyone is talking like it 's better than tammy 's head + brimstone + holy mantle ) . 
  if you 're gon na r scum , do it for swallowed penny . 
  literally the first female celebrity nude leak i wo n't look up . 
  this always bothers the shit out of me : why the hell are you in a place for discussing the game , if you did n't finish it ? 
  it seems obvious you 'll get spoiled . 
  hah , saw this post as it was uploaded and was wondering how the hell you got them this early . 
  only now do i realize you 're the author . 
  i assume she means granny rags . 
  but the outsider says there 's 8 . 
  less of those blue spawners that spawn blue worms . 
  waaaay too much hp on both of those . 
  and the spawn rate is bullshit . 
  left mouse = main button = main action ( stabbing ) . 
  right mouse = other button = other actions ( everything else ) . 
  think of it that way , rather than by hands . 
  it makes sense . 
  i mean , if we 're talking dark souls , i did a sl1 run of ds1 and 3 . 
  [ soul of cinder was way harder at sl1 than nk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/onebros/comments/4mhns3/soul_of_cinder_tips/ ) . 
  after struggling with soc for like 100 attempts , i actually managed to kill nk first try at level 1 . 
  op you piece of shit , can you fucking read ? 
  read rule # 1 , then read the date on your fucking post . 
  like the idea but it 's way too complicated for a trinket . 
  definitely . 
  when afterbirth came out i won like 95 % of the runs , if not more , no matter how bad they were/took a long time . 
  now if i 'm not out of the basement by 5 minutes i just restart . 
  because i like corvo . 
  i use it very rarely and even then only for sleep darts . 
  am outside of the us , can confirm . 
  i feel like it should give some kind of stat upgrade . 
  if you 're just going for a win , there is literally no reason to take this trinket . 
  i actually like pulse worm . 
  it gives me a morale boost to see larger tears . 
  happens . 
  i get way too cocky and take too much damage when i get mom 's knife . 
  wake the fuck up real fast when i see 2-3 spirit hearts left . 
   `` average '', 
  fuck no . 
  it 's not a win all by itself but it 's very close . 
  the only reason i do n't consider it a win by itself is because a lot of enemies that break into pieces , or really fast enemies , can be a problem without some other items . 
  definitely a 9.5 / 10 item though . 
  what does s/o mean ? 
  corvo , because i like him . 
  how 'd it end ? 
  no , with an earpiece shaped cloth . 
  it 's already too easy on very hard ( at least as far as stealth goes , i 'm pretty sure if i actually tried to fight on the hardest difficulty i 'd die very fast ) . 
  power strength x4 . 
  same here . 
  i always have 10 remedies on me and i still never blink twice fast . 
  and i almost never use any other power . 
  i do n't know , a video file with just the directed camera ? 
  either way , do you happen to know why it `` opened '' with a completely unrelated game ( dark messiah of might and magic ) ? 
  no , i 've not manually set the specific file type to open in it . 
  well , none of us still really know what d2 will be like . 
  they may make it very clear what has happened to the players that have n't played before . 
  but i definitely do recommend playing d1 first . 
  it 's not a long game so you can finish it in 10-15 hours on the first time and dive right into d2 ( assuming you wo n't be replaying it ) . 
  hillary for prison would be real popular in my country . 
  i too used the seed trick on the old lost after i had an amazing run and then on the chest as soon as i walked into a room a monstro spawned on top of me , killing me . 
  fuck doing it legit after that . 
  i was going to write a long convoluted story that ends with me gathering for whiskey and cigars , but then i realized i 've no talent . 
  i know it 's a joke and all , but i 'm seriously starting to think hillary is a trump plant . 
  i agree , xcom 2 , blood and wine , and ds3 are all great games . 
  you can literally control time this time around ? 
  sign me the fuck up . 
  it 'll be like rewinding a tape . 
  this is an alboshit proxyfag . 
  trump 's way more popular than killary in serbia . 
  i like the fight actually , but i hate the scaling hp . 
  buy pepes . 
  thank god for the ccw guy , who knows how many could have been stabbed . 
  that would be it . 
  also new vegas is just better in general . 
  3 was a mild disappointment . 
  4 was a major one . 
  i 'm scared for fallout 5 . 
  seems rather meh as a trinket , and terrible as an item ( do n't get me wrong , i like the idea , i 'm just talking about how strong it is ) . 
  there 's not a whole lot of poop after the basement , and you wo n't have a whole lot of money on the basement . 
  which show up on the womb , and then sometimes on the chest , at which point you no longer need the money . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  but it wo n't happen . 
  trust me , it was incredibly obvious . 
  i am extremely oblivious to mostly everything and even i knew for sure he entered the warden . 
  yeah , he falls into the water , then i let the fishies eat on him a bit , then i drag his mangled body out on land . 
  i do that every single time i go high chaos . 
  i am really loving this theory . 
  that line at the end of brigmore witches always did make me wonder . 
  `` she took my life '' . 
  very odd in the context we know . 
  the swap occurred when they were kids . 
  if the theory is true , jessamine must not have any feelings for emily , as it is not `` her '' child . 
  the `` heart '' is of jessamine kaldwin ( 's body ) . 
  inhabited by delilah 's soul . 
  the heart does n't mention it because why should it ? 
  finally , she 's not trying to undermine her own empire . 
  she 's basically acting like we will in d2 . 
  `` take back what 's yours '' . 
  33 % chance to turn a red poop into golden poop ( at max money ) does n't sound `` completely incredible '' imo . 
  red poop , while annoying , is n't too big a deal .
