  i usually stayed pretty far away , so ornstein would just about get in range of my pyromancies with his charge . 
  basically kited them in a circle around the area . 
  even still , i ca n't imagine a reason to take the negative over the polaroid other than going to the dark room . 
  invincibility  minor aoe damage . 
  i am almost 100 % sure there 's a website where you compare 2 isaac items . 
  i think that kind of voting is terrible though . 
  let 's imagine a ( admittedly very unlikely ) situation where , across thousands of votes , magic mushroom gets pitted up against mom 's knife , brimstone , god head , epic fetus etc. 
  that 'd make it seem like magic mushroom is a terrible item . 
  unless i am missing something about the way that system works ? 
  i did say it was unlikely : /, 
  the later part of the game ( after you ring the first bell ) is fine with directions , but before that it 's hell . 
  `` one above and one below '' is n't actually solid advice . 
  the moment sen 's fortress showed up i knew where to go next , as i had ran into it while i was exploring . 
  but before that i was convinced the `` below '' bell was in the catacombs . 
  make it deal 80 damage . 
  monstro 's tooth does 120 , and has half the charge . 
  i know you 're thinking `` but it 's aoe it will be too op '' . 
  no it wo n't , it will clear out a big room , and then you wait 4 more rooms to recharge it ( since big room will give you 2 ) . 
  the fact it 's the direction you 're facing , rather than shooting , makes this item worth so much less than if it were the other way around . 
  6/10 at max , and giving that only because it 's rather unique . 
  if it was the way you were shooting , it 'd be an easy 8.5 or 9/10 . 
  second playtrough done with anor londo , can confirm am o&s slayer . 
  killed them first try . 
  according to that dark souls website calculator , i 'd be doing a bit over 100 damage with the greatsword , than with the halberd . 
  however when i add the crystal magic weapon that adds another 300 damage on the halberd . 
  am i wrong somewhere ? 
  what do you mean by 1 ) ? 
  hm , still , 300 magic damage should be at the very least that 100 difference , even after getting reduced ? 
  46 intellect for that second highest intellect spell ( crystal soul arrow or something ) , i 'd be using the logan 's catalyst , and using the crystal magic weapon ( 1.4 * catalyst 's magic adjust , which should be about 250 at 46 intellect ) . 
  well he 's right ... it has been months since he 's seen the pill . 
  it took me like a second as well to notice his absolute lack of reaction to that pill being back in . 
  i loved that pill , so glad it 's back in the game . 
  eh , it 'd be worse than the original stopwatch . 
  considering it would only slow within the beam , if it was slowing the way you were shooting , it 'd be an a tier item , a must get if you will , but not as broken as original stopwatch . 
  i 'm sure people would also be taking it , unlike the original stopwatch . 
  yeah i like npc invasions . 
  just not human ones . 
  same here . 
  i did about 20 isaac runs , consistently going to angel rooms only , and fighting the angel statue ( to reroll the key pieces ) . 
  after a while i just said fuck it , i wan na go back to playing the game normally , and used cheat engine to give me it . 
  sure i could have held r until blank card in greed mode , but i just did n't want to . 
  so ... based off your comment ... i do n't think i 'll be pulling any suspicious levers ... 
  i went to the pill list and counted :, 
  13 good pills ( i included stuff like infested , which is n't that beneficial ) . 
  5 neutral but good pills ( one makes you small , pheromones , lemon party etc ), 
  8 totally neutral pills . 
  13 flat out bad pills . 
  as you can see , the amount of always good vs always bad pills is the same ( and that 's counting some arguably neutral pills in the good part ) , and there 's more pills that do nothing than the neutral helpful pills . 
  i have never experienced this . 
  i find you have a fair amount of time to move , assuming you have reflexes . 
  saying `` hey guys bloat is n't that bad or unfair '' on this sub is like saying you support hitler ... 
  holy fuck . 
  that 's so accurate it 's scary . 
  nice , you got downvoted cause `` bloat 's not bad guys '' ... the brimstones are so very much not instant ... 
  cage and hush are much worse than the bloat . 
  bloat can consistently be killed without taking damage . 
  i have not yet seen a strategy that works 100 % of the time for the cage 's homing rock attack when he jumps , nor for the continuum shots ( no , standing still does n't work , nor does getting close to him , fuck off with that ) . 
  i try to use this item all the time to poke everything , and end up taking way too much damage . 
  7/10 , hard to use and shoot tears effectively at the same time . 
  also cool as fuck . 
  it switches up greed mode a lot . 
  after a while of playing it , every run was the same . 
  the mod gives you more items , but way harder waves ( quad bloat on sheol , and like 10 little haunts on the basement ) , makes curse rooms almost always worth it , makes angel deals so much better , and changes up the `` arena '' room so it 's not always a long empty room . 
  i have no idea what warmth is , and have only very recently gotten a pyromancy flame . 
  are you telling me i can heal with pyromancy and i wasted a lot of levels leveling att/faith ? 
  if i can reliably beat the bloat without getting hit , the boss is easy for me . 
  i can not say the same about the cage and hush . 
  eh , feel free to . 
  i do n't consider that stuff as too big a spoiler . 
  i almost killed some merchant guy in no man 's wharf because i thought he was one of the monsters , so i am not a clever man . 
  edit : also which one would you say is better : pursuer 's or dragonrider 's greatshield ? 
  hm , yeah i should have remembered that . 
  could n't respec in ds1 . 
  do you mind elaborating why if possible ? 
  weight difference is only 2.5 . 
  and pursuer seems to have better overall defenses ( not really sure what half of those are , for example `` dank defense '' ) . 
  i 'll trust your word i guess , and omnom the pursuer soul . 
  i swear i read that on a wiki . 
  are you telling me that 's not a thing ? 
  did i misread and it was `` dark '' instead ? 
  that makes more sense . 
  haha yeah , your opinion is totally a proven fact , and you totally need to repeat that over and over . 
  i think what they 're doing now is fucking stupid , and i have not actually watched a lot of their videos , but the few i saw were alright . 
  knife ok , but cricket 's head is not that much of a game changing item . 
  extremely good ? 
  sure . 
  but i wo n't get cricket 's head and say `` won run '' like i do with epic fetus / mk . 
  again , you are talking as if your ** opinion ** is a fact . 
  it 's your opinion the type of video sucks . 
  i do n't think it does . 
  i like viewing people 's reaction to shit ( i do it a lot with some games , i play trough a part of dark souls and then go watch somebody to see their reactions ) . 
  ps : not in the us so not like it matters , but from the tiniest little bit of knowledge i have on your president competitors , trump 's easily the best one . 
  but let 's stop with the politics right this instant . 
  how is swallowed penny not a winner ? 
  as the keeper it 's literally like playing as the lost , except your holy mantle recharges if you pick up the coin . 
  and let 's not even talk about epic fetus ... the only thing that should kill you with it is either hush ( if your damage is truly shit ) or those `` puzzle '' rooms . 
  the keeper ( with swallowed penny ) can take 2 + hits a room . 
  the lost can not . 
  and the epic fetus part is user error in that case . 
  i 'm aware there 's guaranteed damage rooms .
