  and dutch politicians are ainter than the pope , right ? 
  romania and bulgaria are countries in transition and politics there ( as well as in poland tbh ) are corrupted . 
  but it does n't mean that netherlands can now oppose their aquisition in the schengen zone only because they wish so . 
  if they meet the criteria they have to be let in !, 
  on the other hand - try leaving the schengen e.g. 
  from poland to ukraine . 
  it 's more guarded than ever - it 's worse than checkout on an airport . 
  and it does n't take 5 minutes but few hours . 
  indeed . 
  you actually think that a state should n't be allowed to move military to a region that is legally part of their teritory ? 
  while its big neighbour should be allowed to do so ? 
  hopefully it wo n't make it through parliament . 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure it wo n't - most parties oppose any change , including ruling coalition and main opposition party . 
  in poland we have `` abortion compromise '' that is neither satisfing for pro-life nor pro-choice sides of the conflict . 
  and since early nineties less people are pro-choice . 
  and only [ 16-24 % people ] ( http://wiadomosci.dziennik.pl/wydarzenia/artykuly/354857,cbos-opinie-polakow-ws-aborcji-prawie-tyle-samo-za-co-przeciw.html ) think that abortion should be legal in any situation that is not legal already ( it 's legal in case of rape , threatens mother 's life and may lead to serious health problems ) like poverty , complicated personal situation or on wish ( that 's only 16 % ) . 
  so there 's no way it would pass or even appear in parliament - maybe if this bunch of ... from palikot 's movement will try to introduce it . 
  while insulting everyone ... 
  also - obama 's `` reset '' in relations with russia is not giving america good publicity in poland ( while we may want to have good relations with russia , we also want to have usa on our back in case of another military trip of putin 's troop like georgia 2007 ) . 
  well , yes , teachers take their work home because it 's kind of their job . 
  how else would they check homework or get ready for classes ? 
  every school i 've attended to had at least one computer classroom ( sometimes two plus computers in library - it 's now a standart ) . 
  usually pcs are brand new ( i 've had to deal with old computers only when i was in secondary school but they were replaced ) . 
  printers and photocopiers are in every school . 
  moreover , lots of schools invest in a thing i do n't understand - electronic blackboards . 
  they cost 10 000 z\u0142 . 
  ( around 3 000 euro ) and are useless - in the same time on chemistry students can not perfomr any experiments because there are no ingredients . 
  in small cities and villages schools are often better equiped than in big cities , because government strongly supports small towns in education . 
  so i think that polish schools are quite modern but have yet to catch up . 
  a ) typical school day for 1-3 grade is 8:00 -12:00 / 13:00 , 4-6 grade 8:00 -13:00 / 15:00 ( varies , usually ends around 14:00 ) . 
  actually , this article tells mainly about 4-6 grades . 
  after 3rd grade children have more teachers , one for every subject . 
  in 1-3 grades they have one teacher for everything apart from music , p.e. , arts , it and religion . 
  so if it was divided between 1-3 and 4-6 grades , 1-3 grades teachers would score higher , with an avarge 5 school hours per day ( 45 mins ) and 4-6 teachers lower . 
  but it 's just my presumption . 
  b ) with elementary teachers , i do n't think they have to work a lot outside school . 
  most of homeworks are reviewed during lessons , only some of them are brought by teachers home , to check them . 
  and in poland teachers are not paid by a work hour . 
  they get ( since 1/9/2012 ) : * intern : 2 265 z\u0142 ( 555.13 euro ) * contract teacher : 2 331 z\u0142 ( 571.31 euro ) * appointed teacher : 2 647 z\u0142 ( 648.76 euro ) * diploma teacher : 3 109 z\u0142 ( 761.99 euro ) those are diffrent stages in a teacher career , they do n't make many sense but it 's the way it was created years ago . 
  and avarage pay in poland is 833.31 euro . 
  so on paper teachers earn a lot less but usually they also work as private tutors which sometimes can double their earnings ( but usually they get maybe 25 % more cash from tutoring ) . 
  the main problem is that teachers in poland work only 186 days a year . 
  so when you 'll count how much they earn per a workhour/qorkday , they 'd be well above the avarge pay . 
  to be honest , a lot of poles are blindly following pro-eu parties and eu itself as a magical `` west '' that was a dream back in the communism era . 
  i 'm not one of them , i 'm rather suspicious and view eu in current form as a big scam that will eventually backfire . 
  as i 've written earlier - there are aspects of eu politics that i appreciate . 
  but things like current fiscal policy break the spell . 
  but i think that it 's rather problem with current socio-economic system ( basic rule that is not obeyed both by western societies and goverments is : `` do n't spend more than you earn '' , the diffrence between people and governments is that governments wille eventually print some more money and buy out bonds - it happens in usa , it has just happened in eurozone and in my opinion it 's simply wrong and shortsighted ) . 
  polish economy and politics are very , very corrupted . 
  but they wo n't become less corrupted when those politician will stay in brussels . 
  the thing i also do n't like is eurozone propaganda . 
  before the `` crisis '' most of respondents in surveys in poland had said that they are in favour of introducing euro ( 60 for - 30 against - 10 n/a ) . 
  and renowned economists had said that `` both zloty and polish fiscal policy are perfect '' and in the same time they tried to convince everyone that we should get in the euro-wagon . 
  eventually skeptics were right . 
  :-) polish bank system is really stable , knf ( finance supervision commitee ) is very strict , it 's not easy to get a loan and [ as you can see ] ( http://my.texterity.com/cgaresearchreports/debt2010#pg42 ) personal debt four years ago was relatively low , now is even lower . 
  not to say that entering the eu killed polish agriculture . 
  most of people think it 's the other way ( polish farmers get a lot of subsidies from the eu ) but i remember clearly that production of sugary beet , milk and pork fell dramatically after entering the eu . 
  farmers were happy because they got their money ( i 'm speaking about small producers that are majority , structure of polish agriculture is very complicated and is a huge socio-economic problem ) . 
  most of companies ( dairies , sugar refineries ) were owned by state so when they were shut down it was n't that big of a deal ( workers got their money , so they would n't speak up ) . 
  if there was fair competition in eu , poland would be a lot wealthier . 
  but now we have to pay insane money for uncompetetive french farmers . 
  a lot people do n't realize how does the eastern border look like . 
  before entering eu crossing the border was quite easy , normal passport check . 
  few years ago i 've been on a trip to lw\u00f3w , 200 km east from polish border . 
  we waited 8 hrs on the border . 
  one more word about foreign policies . 
  few years ago ( i do n't know the current situation ) there was a tariff war that russia started against poland . 
  they did n't allow polish apples , pork and some other products . 
  polish food is usually really good and cheap , cheaper even than russian . 
  so they forced an embargo . 
  eu did not help at all , because back then the nordstream deal was a hot topic , so i think that germany did n't want to risk this deal in name of polish meat and apples . 
  i think that everyone should work for his own success . 
  and relaying on others was a bad idea back in 1939 and poland should n't make the same mistake again . 
  cheers !, 
  few things : 1 . 
  you just assume that the central institutions of eu are not corrupt . 
  i think otherwise - to me , they are one of the most corrupted structures on our continent . 
  simple logic ( and experiance ) tells us that the bigger structure is , the more susceptible to beeing a target for lobbying or bribing it is . 
  especially when it 's some bureaucratic moloch that is not controlled by anyone . 
  i think that power and resposibility has to be divided on the most fundamental level - in , let 's call them in the way that islanders do , parishes . 
  i really do n't think that large governing body that is as democratic as central commity of cpsu is a good way to follow . 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries but in poland media are n't concerned about ep or any institution on the union . 
  and because of that the seat of a commisioner or mep are granted to either : ( a ) influencial members of political parties that want to have a nice and easy time in brussels , ( b ) in-party opponents , so they can not strenghten their influence in their party . 
  i am in favour of some degree of the union - no passport checkouts , no zoll (  ) , some degree of standarized law ( international private law , enviromental law - but not in form of a dictum , that every member state has to convert to `` eco '' energy , countries like mine are still developing , let us have good infrastructure first ) . 
  i 'm in favour of development aid but not in current form ( [ a ] i hate those signs that say that `` this building was renovated thanks to the funds from < insert name of some eu development fund  '' in front of a 500 yo cathedral , maybe if it was made of bronze and put in a corner of a building like it used to be with plaquettes of patrons in churches but they put it in the most visible place and it 's made of some kind of plastic or glass ; [ b ] it should be a lot broader , we have to invest in ukraine and belarus a lot more , not only in member states ) . 
  there can not be one `` european diplomacy '' , because each country has got own goals . 
  poland 's priority was ( until current government , i really do n't know what are their policies , because they try to be electible by conservatives , liberals and socialists and because of that they tend not to express their stances on any matter ) to form a strong tie with other cetnral-european and post-communist countries to confront stronger neighbours like germany and russia -  in the long-distance perspective countries like poland , baltics , czech , slovakia , ukraine , belarus , hungary , georgia , romania , etc. 
  have to work closely together , because germany and russia will always be threat - and geopolitical situation can change completely in few weeks , we do n't know the future . 
  on the other hand uk and france have their deals with former colonies , scandinavia has to have strong stance in arctica . 
  it 's not that simple to make `` one european foreign policy '' , there are too many contradictory stances . 
  and we can not have one person as a `` president of europe '' . 
  because every person has got a nationality and it 's not easy to rule without some degree of prejudice/favoring people from your country . 
  people have baggage and they ca n't simply lose it . 
  so you say that it 's better to give those guys that are already in the power even more power without any control ( e.g. 
  in form of elections ) ? 
  if current governments in the eu are n't `` proper '' what makes you think that creating a big-ass government 2 000 kilometers away from my home would be better ? 
  and where would you find better politicians ? 
  they are not right-wing . 
  attacking people has nothing to do with political opinions - if you do it , your excuses should n't matter . 
  if you call yourself antifa , nazi , nationalist , internationalist - whatever .
