  and slovaks . 
  i 'm from a town near the polish-slovak border and it 's a country i 've been to the most often . 
  but usually to buy beer and wine . 
  czech beer and italian wine ( sorry guys , zlaty bazant does n't taste good to me ) . 
  there are also sorbs . 
  most of poles do n't know about them but there are pro-sorbian organizations , most of the sorbian studies were done by poles . 
  sorbs are our closest brothers , it 's a shame that most of us does n't even know that he lives or even that he has ever lived . 
  we do drink beer . 
  piwo means beer , the rest is self explanatory . 
  moreover , piwo in old-polish literally means a drink ( drink-drinking ; piwo-pi\u0107 ) . 
   le\u0219i -- poles ( singular `` leah '' ) comes from one of the legendar creator of poland , lech . 
  in muslim states poland is sometimes known as lechistan . 
  edit : writing is hard, 
  full of calories and love . 
  anti-patriotic swo\u0142ocz !, 
  i 'm ashamed that we scored so low at drinking category . 
  atlanticist or not - it 's bad to be in the losing crowd . 
  that 's why traditionally pro-usa countries in europe abstained . 
  maybe the us promised something to czechs ... 
  terrible news . 
  two reasons why - first of all , ritual slaughter plays vital part in both jewish and muslim religions . 
  declining them right to do so is a symtpom cultural imperialism . 
  and 259 mln . 
  zlotys in exports - that 's a lot . 
  bad legislature is one of the worst things in poland and this is example of it . 
  our country , not only polish-lithuanian ( or lithuanian-polish as you wish ) but a country of poles , lithuanians , russian , ruthenians , latvians , germans , jews , armenians , tatars , estonians . 
  catholics , protestants , orthodox . 
  it 's sad that we have so much problems with getting along , brother . 
  one of the founders of on-r [ jan mosdorf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_mosdorf ) died in auschwitz . 
  he did everything he could to help jews . 
  you can not compare polish economical anti-semitism with german racial anti-semitism . 
  i 'm against both of them , they 're just two diffrent things . 
  and yes , i do n't know what would happen if on-r ruled in poland . 
  but there are great ideological diffrences that we can not ommit . 
  but they 're older than hj . 
  as well as the gesture . 
  i 'm not a big fan of them but i think that they 're entitled to maintain their tradition despite the fact that it may resemble nazi symbolism . 
  well , all right . 
  so this is common misconception . 
  you can not call a person rightist/leftist if he 's plain nuts . 
  well , idiots are everywhere . 
  those signs are made mostly by some idiotic teenagers . 
  but alicanto 's right - if you knew anything about politics of russia , you would n't call zhyrinovsky a rightist . 
  you would n't call him a leftist either - he 's just an idiot , plain populist who 'll tell what will make his voters happy . 
  i ca n't imagine being all hungover on the all saints . 
  it may replace this day for some people . 
  in poland it 's not celebrated at all . 
  and if it is - it 's just a drunkfest for people my age . 
  well , i have tons of occasions to drink ( like , you know , everyday ) but it 's one of those days i want to spend with my family . 
  and 90 % of people does so too . 
  well , i share this opinion . 
  all saints is my favourite holiday in the year , because it 's just thinking about our dead relatives , meeting with family and having good quality time with them . 
  i do n't want this ridiculous consumerist `` happy fest '' to be shoved into my throat again . 
  i do n't feel the need for another `` happy , crazy party day '' , i 'm happy with visiting graves and talking to others . 
  for us hungarians were those rich paprika and fruit eaters while we had us only some onions and vinegar . 
  but a solid option though . 
  in poland they can charge you for using a bathroom in a cafe if you 're not a customer . 
  and we do n't have many public bathrooms but they are usually quite clean and , well , `` equipped '' . 
  in the other hand level of education on universities in the uk is far higher than in poland . 
  both my uni and univeristy of warsaw are in the third hundred of the shanghai list and are the only listed . 
  you can always buy a thing like drink or a hamburger . 
  if you do n't want to eat/drink it - give it to a homeless person . 
  wow . 
  in poland unis are open to public , as well as almost all lectures ( except for things like sections ) . 
  it would be totally normal if a person of any ethnicity or age came into my uni ( jagiellonian university in krak\u00f3w ) and used a toilet . 
  you have to study in a very sad place . 
  edit : guy above said that it would be weird if a polish guy would come to a dannish uni to take a leak . 
  also : university buildings , if the campus is scattered in the old city . 
  could you post some sources that say so ? 
  photos would be highly recommended . 
  i just did n't hear anything like that before . 
  i 'm not talking about early nineties , i 'm talking about early 2000s , just before the eu . 
  i live near slovak border and i 've never waited for more than 10 minutes at the crossing . 
  the same was with slovak/hungarian , hungarian/croatian , slovak/autrian , austrian/italian borders . 
  i can not vouch for every occasion and every place but i 've never had to wait at those borders ( not to mention croatia/bah border in neum ) . 
  i 'm also not defending inefficient border crossings or too much procedures . 
  i just think that it would be better to have border control between eu countries if it would mean shorter controls on eu external borders . 
  this is a thing that not enough people in western europe know about . 
  schengen is a great thing - i 'm an euroskeptic but this is on of the best things that happened to our continent after decades of uncrossable borders . 
  but a downside of it is , in my opinion , too harsh . 
  at poland-ukraine border this was solved with special permissions for inhabitants of border cities and villages so they can more easily get on the other side and it works in both ways . 
  but i have friends who study in krak\u00f3w and are from west ukraine ( mostly ukrainians whose one of parents is polish but there are also ukrainians who have no family connections with poland ) and going home is a pain in the arse for them . 
  imagine getting pretty quickly to border and then waiting up to eight hours to be checked on zoll . 
  i was once in lw\u00f3w and crossing border was horrible . 
  the worst part was that the problematic part was because of polish officers not ukrainian - we tend to imagine that there is no worse thing in the world than the post-soviet customs officials . 
  well , european regulations are worse than them . 
  without easier passport control on borders , there will be no integration with countries east of bug . 
  and seriously , i would be delighted to have simple passport control , even if they were obligatory also on polish-slovak/czech/german / lithaunian border too . 
  stamps in passport are no problem . 
  getting a visa is a real problem for ukrainians ( however , as i recall , visa to poland is free of charge and poles can enter ukraine without visa ) . 
  tl ; dr : visa-free traffic for non-schengen european states is more important for integration than no passport control on internal eu-borders . 
  that was the easiest question ever . 
  maybe because uk is in the eu ? 
  i know tons of people in poland who are libertarians , we have some libertarian movements - what 's more , american liberal = european social-democrat or something like that . 
  in some parts of europe those would be two legit answers . 
  erm , it 's not a map of europe , it 's a map of eu members by that time . 
  norway gave europe this dickish look by not joining eu . 
  `` philia ( greek : \u03c6\u03b9\u03bb\u00ed\u03b1 ) in aristotle 's nicomachean ethics is usually translated as ` friendship ' , [ 1 ] though in fact his use of the term is much broader . '', 
  so you can philia her all the time !, 
  you really think that `` patriotism '' has negative connotations ?
