  you are a bandit . 
  and i think that komintern-reactivation might not be the most appropriate site to present links from ( unless they are opinions ) . 
  i 'd say 30-40 beers in a shop . 
  and/or buy beers on promotions . 
  or in makro/selgross . 
  and price of food at restaurants varies - in krak\u00f3w you can have two dishes with two beers at rynek for this price . 
  at regular place you can get 6-4 dishes . 
  and 100 pierogi at a pierogi bar . 
  edit : oh , and i pay for the internet + tv almost 20 euros . 
  100 mb/s and about 30 channels , including cartoon network . 
  it 's a scam because they have to youse their cash register and meter . 
  even nazis officialy wanted to deport poles ( catholic , jewish and orthodox ) but it all ended in auschwitz-birkenau and shallow graves in back of their own houses . 
  mainly because of the failure on the eastern front so i think that genocide is highly unlikely option , even considering war between neighbors ( except for balkans ) . 
  in poland regular worker in mcdonald earns 2 euros/hour . 
  i do n't know if migration between european countries is the real problem . 
  it 's obvious that people from countries like poland , slovakia , lithuania or bulgaria come to countries like netherlands . 
  some of them are , well , you know , thieves and hobos ( but i think it 's minority ) , some of them are gypsies ( in poland there were maybe couple thousands of them - now even less , almost all of them live on social or are criminals , sad but true ) , but most -  cheap labor from some shitholes that will earn in few months in netherlands or italy picking strawberries than they would working e.g. 
  as a construction worker ( and i mean brick carrier , not some qualified specialist ) . 
  plus students ( my friend earns about 10 000 euros driving a truck in sweden in two months , with this money he 'll live as a [ student ] prince for a year ) . 
  but the thing is - our culture is almost the same , our roots - medieval christianitas , greek philosophy and roman law . 
  mainland europeans adapt easily in other mainland countries . 
  and i think that those sectors that main employees are foreign migrant workers should n't count as sectors in which local labor force could work in . 
  cheap labor means cheap fruits . 
  in poland it 's very similar -  ukrainian women work as maids in our houses , there are some vietnamese who work on farms or even koreans from north who has worked in shipyards . 
  any threat comes from big quantities of migrants from countries with completely different heritage -  like china or muslim states ( i 've felt pretty puzzled when i 've seen chinese markets near warsaw this year . 
  i 'm okay if they have signs in both chinese and polish but some of them were only in chinese ) . 
  sounds like a very good idea to me . 
  it promotes hard work and talent . 
  in poland it 's opposite - matura ( maturity exam ) after the high school is really , really easy ( seriously , i 've scored pretty high when i 've tried to do basic maths in my last year of secondary school - note that now i 'm studying law and cultural studies and mathematic was n't my priority , i 've always been more into history and social science ) and you have to score 30 % to pass it ( sic ! ) . 
  and colleges mass-produce shitty b.a. 
  's of sociology and politology who does n't know shit about anything . 
  everything because of some idiotic statistics - in few years number of students percentage in poland have risen veeery high . 
  it was the thing that current government and others before it wanted - to look good in the statistics . 
  and now we can not get grants to make any research ( and i 'm talking about my field , so it would be some surveys in vietnam or china - costs about 30k euro , not so much ) , hell , we even do n't have money for classrooms . 
  and in the meantime they spend a lot of money on future mcdonalds employees with a degree . 
  and in other sciences the situation is n't better . 
  wrong priorities ... 
  there is no such thing as a `` true democracy '' . 
  you are thinking of liberal democracy , pal . 
  democracy is much more complex idea - it 's not only the thing that is applied in the west . 
  me too . 
  two times - one time those were miners who came to warsaw armed with pickaxes , torches and flaming tires . 
  our government freaked out and gave them rises . 
  second time - anti-acta demonstrations . 
  clarification : in polish education there is 1 +6 +3 +3 system . 
  there is obligatory ( since 2008 maybe ) 0 grade ( `` zer\u00f3wka '' ) for 6 year old children and those classes are organized either in primary schools or kindergardens . 
  at the age of 7 kids go to the first grade of primary school ( szko\u0142a podstawowa ) . 
  for three years they are in something called `` nauczanie pocz\u0105tkowe '' ( erm , `` primary learning '' ? ), 
  when they have one teacher ( apart from e.g. 
  music teacher , p.e. 
  teacher or catechist - but all main classes like maths , polish or science are beeing taught by one teacher ) . 
  often children start to learn english in kindergarden or 0 class . 
  but mandatory foreign language courses start in 4th grade ( maybe something changed since my younger brother attended to school ) . 
  usually it 's parents choice if they want to their kid to learn languages earlier and usually those courses are free . 
  and , of course , there must be an initiative from a managment of a school and from municipality . 
  but usually those kind of courses are availible . 
  in 4th grade of primary school things change and kids have a lot more classes and responsibilities -  they have separate teachers for diffrent subjects and spend more time at school . 
  and they start learning foreign language . 
  for me it was german as an obligatory class but my school opened also russian and english classes ( and i was delighted to use this opportunity , what a nerdy id i was ) . 
  nowadays english is almost always the first language . 
  in the nineties it was diffrent - as i have written i 've learned german , some of the people i know have learned french . 
  during the communism russian was the first foreign language . 
  ok , primary school ends with a competency test . 
  i was one of the first age groups to write it . 
  after this every child has to go to a `` gimnazjum '' ( * gymnasium * or middle school ) . 
  curriculum again is widened - science classes are divided between biology , chemistry , geography and physics , there is a new subject called `` wiedza o spo\u0142ecze\u0144stwie '' ( knowledge about society ) . 
  there is one obligatory language - usually english ( almost always - i have not heard about any other case ) . 
  and often there are complimentary classes of some other languages , i 've had german ( but not for long , others did n't attend it so the class was dissmissed , i 've had to learn in a private language school ) . 
  gimnazjum ends with an exam ( in my times it had two parts - humanities ( polish and history ) and science ( mainly maths but also biology , chemistry , physics and geography ) now kids have also an obligatory english test ) ) . 
  the last step of formal education is szko\u0142a ponadgimnazjalna ( `` after-gymnasium school '' or high school ) . 
  and there are four types : liceum og\u00f3lnokszta\u0142c\u0105ce ( lo , academic high school -  i 've attended this one type so i 'll write about it , we only learn academic stuff there , no specialized knowledge which you can use in work ) , liceum profilowane ( lp , specialized high school - it seems that they want to close them all , apart from academic knowledge you learn things that you can use in your future work and it depends of profile -  forestry , economics , fashion , you name it ) , technikum ( vocational high-school ; you have a knowledge needed in a certain type of job after it [ like cook ] ) and zasadnicza szko\u0142a zawodowa ( zsz , it is a year longer and you learn a very certain profession like tailoring or blacksmith ) . 
  there are also artistic schools . 
  in liceum you have to learn two languages . 
  mandatory english and the second one . 
  usually german , sometimes french . 
  very rarely russian or latin . 
  some schools offer more languages , almost everyone attends private lessons . 
  high school ends with matura or egzamin dojrza\u0142o\u015bci ( a maturity exam ) -  mandatory polish , maths ( i was the last year when maths was n't mandatory ) , foreign language and one chosen by a student ( history , wiedza o spo\u0142ecze\u0144stwie / knowledge about society , geography , chemistry , physics and astronomy , biology , knowledge about dance , philosophy , history of music , history of arts , computer science , latin language and antic culture , ethnic minority language , local language - cassubian , national minority language . 
  languages that you can choose as a foreign language : english , french , spanish , italian , german , russian . 
  national minority language that you can choose ( only if your school was a special school that offered a minority curriculum ) : belarusian , lithuanian , ukrainian . 
  when you go to a university you can learn almost every language imaginable . 
  because they were wealthy long before they were welfare states . 
  and a lot of them have societies of high ethics ( it 's easier to maintain a high-spending budget when your citizens actually work hard and pay taxes ) . 
  you 're plain ignorant . 
  well , i like the idea of k.u.k. 
  europe . 
  i 've always felt like home when i traveled former austro-hungary . 
  what ? 
  i 've traveled half of your country and for me siena was one of the coolest cities in italy ( after assisi , god , i love this place ) . 
  pisa is also nice but not much to see aside of duomo and leaning tower ( i 've been there around 2002 when poland was outside eu , in italy was [ maybe still is , have n't been there for couple of years ] that the prices for people from non-eu member countries had to pay like 150 % for the ticket , or even more -  which was 15 euros per ticket and for family of four it was a horrendous amount , only japanese climbed it ) . 
  the best restaurant i 've ever been was in pisa , so i would still recommend it . 
  but the truth is that tuscany is a great destination adn for me every village and castle is worth seeing . 
  but i 'm a history geek ... 
  30 euros ? 
  o_o dear god ... 
  no meps from new member countries . 
  it 's really inaccurate . 
  in western poland almost all of the population is from current belarus , lithuania and ukraine ( they were relocated after 2nd ww ) and there are no visible diffrences between people from southern and northern poland . 
  i would even say that most of my friends has light eyes . 
  and i live in krak\u00f3w .
