  and about katyn massacre done by soviets , which killed thousands of polish elites - a crushing blow that shaped the poland . 
  and west has moral obligations to poland , as well as ( ex ) yugoslavia . 
  but now we have raiging erika steinbach . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/world_war_ii_casualties.svg ) . 
  every aspect of infrastructure is neglected . 
  yeah , waterways are nonexistent , the autobahns are not finished . 
  but we do have the most modern stadiums in europe . 
  now we can put politicians who made decision to move bilions of zlotys/euro/dollars to build them in there and make them fight with lions . 
  this is the biggest mistake that was done during prosperity - instead of fixing the roof and cellar , politicians decided that we need new hi-fi . 
  and now it 's raining and our roof is leaking . 
  we repeated mistakes of portugal or greece - big sport events should n't be held in this kind of countries . 
  russia is a responsible , democratic country . 
  and herr kanzler schroeder is putin 's friend . 
  we can sleep in peace . 
  is n't gmt a standard time ? 
  also , why do you think he did anything wrong ? 
  because he used an official timezone to do his work properly ? 
  costs of any change like this are really big and the changes on code he 'd have to make are part of those costs . 
  soo ... std awerness is not a thing in norwey , eh ? 
  i think he rocks the world with songs like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsrmnko_1r4&amp;feature=related ) . 
  touche, 
  i 'm more like . 
  / r/europe is almost like / r/politics in some cases . 
  pyongyang is even nicer if you do n't mind camping . 
  riots in china are very interesting from my point of view . 
  i study far eastern cultures and if you check news from 20 years back , this type of expression is getting more and more popular . 
  i 'm almost 100 % positive that they were incited by the government ( from a similar , se-asian playground check anti-thai riots in cambodia ) . 
  but it 's just a peak of an iceberg . 
  prc is very diversed country , it has got a lot of minorities that are n't pleased with current domination of the han culture . 
  the biggest threat for china is declaration of independance of taiwan - it would be first not han chinese state . 
  vision of secession of guangdong or funan is the main issue in contemporary chinese politics . 
  and western media misses all the relevant points by presenting it as a chaotic mob . 
  my heritage is also quite diverse - my ancestors were not only polish but also czech , german and hungarian . 
  and it goes for most of poles , our culture was influenced by germans , hungarians , italians , jews , armenians , russians , now by brits and americans . 
  but history of europe teaches us that on the mainland there can not be one power dominating others - eu has been remodelled so countries like germany and france has got too much power over the middle ones like poland or spain and over the small ones like baltics . 
  the course of action is simply wrong - in the name of `` stable leadership '' we 're creating unstable union of those who feel good as nations that lead and those whose pride has been tattered . 
  i remember talking with some guy from south africa over the fb ( i have n't been using it for a long time but about two years ago i 've created a group supporting afrikaaners since i really like their culture and history and feel that they 've been mistreated by history and deserve more attention ) who was such an idiot on this whole hitler issue - literally quoting nazi propaganda back from 1939 . 
  i understand that we should double check all the facts , try to understand whole thought-proccesses ( e.g. 
  it is highly possible that shoah would n't happen if germans would n't lost the ostfront - most of mass-murders took place after 1942 ) but being an idiot and praise hitler or stalin - i 'd be delighted to kick their asses . 
  three things - yes , i 'm polish . 
  no , poland never was a soviet republic ( thank god ! ) . 
  and vaclav klaus whom you 've been referring to is slive and is still a president of czech republic . 
  i think you mistook him for vaclav havel . 
  and he was a liberal , very enthusiastic about the eu . 
  but your presupmtions about the reasons behind a big reserve concerning the eu are correct . 
  i feel that we should n't lose our independce to other bureaucratic moloch only after 20 years of freedom . 
  we should have some place to manuever . 
  before 2nd ww people did n't believe that after the great war such a trgedy would take place so soon . 
  i think that we should take this lesson seroiusly and be very careful . 
  and giving such a power to the best governed state of the eu , which happens to be germany , is not careful enough . 
  i am suspicious of germany and i fear of its rising power both in economy and international politics . 
  and not because i think that germany itself is a threat ( however those dickheads that come to polish western voyvodships and hand out some grosse reich pamphlets should get their asses kicked by someone ) but because i 'm feeling that the disparities in europe are bigger every day and people are starting to feel uneasy . 
  and that 's a good ground for a revolution . 
  and revolutions are not a good thing . 
  i 've also wanted to write one more thing about culture of politics and media in western countries ( large chunk of polish media and politics including ) that i do n't like - heglism . 
  i do n't have enough time to write much about it but e.g. 
  heglian view on other cultures is the only one that is acceptable for most of westerners ( basically it means that they treat their own liberal culture and welfare state model as the only appliable to a civilised country , treat people from their own culture who have other ideas on life and society as a burden or idiots ( vide : / r/atheism ) and other cultures as less civilised ( china/burma/whatever should be lib-dem ; no , they should n't , we should n't force others to be `` happy '' based on our beliefs or supposition ) . 
  also - i 'm very happy that you 've answered , i really appreciate that . 
  and i 'm happy that you try to understand the `` other side '' ( maybe because you brits also are not hyper-enthusiastic about the eu ) and not bash my head like some of the users of this subreddit do - some people forget that discussion is not a circlejerk and there should be at least two sides that should be treated equally and with respect . 
  so i 'm the only one that does n't want the `` european state '' and want things to get back to the situation when there was no eu and european states were bound by the rule of international law and bilateral agreements ? 
  huh , strange . 
  i always thought that around 20 % people think like this but maybe my vision is biased due to my nationality . 
  and why i do n't want a single-state europe ? 
  because i fear of cultural and political domination of larger countries . 
  because i hate large countries - they act ignorant ( or rather politicians that lead them . 
  and media . 
  and generally people from those countries ) , think that they are the pinnacle of the mankind . 
  well , yeah , sure . 
  it was easier before entering the eu . 
  i live near slovakia and crossing the border before 2003 was easy and fast . 
  the same was with ukrainian border ( maybe a little more complicated but easier than now ) . 
  thanks !, 
  i jsut love how i 'm beeing downvoted for having my own opinion . 
  that 's the thing that is a worst part of reddit - expressing any opinion that is not in line with the opinion expressed by this ... hivemind , get 's you an insta-downvote . 
  back to the core of discussion . 
  i do n't see the problem with the law , i see a problem with enforcing the law . 
  those are two diffrent things . 
  you think that a more liberal law would make doctors feel less threatened by `` religious nutjobs '' ? 
  and you think that a religious person should not be offended when the other side of discussion calls them `` nutjobs '' ? 
  moreover , i have a lot of secular/agnostic friends that are pro-life . 
  i do n't think that it has very much to do with religion ( there are also a lot of catholics that are in favour of a more liberal law ) . 
  i know it . 
  i 'm just saying that current vision of the schengen is not as pretty as most people think . 
  it divides europe stronger than any policy after the 1989 . 
  maybe some highlights , what 's it about ? 
  100 % of living people are going to die . 
  so what ? 
  i have two big requests - let 's not turn this discussion into a demagogue ( ish ? ), 
  one . 
  and please , do not vote down a person only because you do n't agree with him ( i 'm not talking about you , niczar , i do n't know if you downvoted my or directedplot opinions ) . 
  as machinios said - it 's not a black and white issue and we can not treat it this way . 
  i was taught that if i 'm not sure with something , i should be careful - that 's why i think that abortion should be illegal ( if we 're not sure when the life begins we can not accept a situation when we might kill a human being - that 's just not right ) . 
  i also think that poverty is not an excuse for aborting a pregnancy - if i can not afford having a puppy i 'll turn it to a dog shelter or find him a new owner , i wo n't kill him . 
  and before you say anything - in polish dog shelters dogs are killed only when they 're old and sick . 
  they wo n't . 
  if they even dared to do so , they would lost half of their voters and a lot of mps . 
  also , both pm and president are against changing abortion policies . 
  i also think that there are more important things to do than changing pretty good compromise - inciting another polish-polish war is pretty dumb idea . 
  english , please ? 
  my dutch is a bit rusty .
