i think volcanoes are expanding iceland by spilling lava into the ocean . 
   in nato so you can put nukes in \u0130ncirlik, 
  the same argument can also be used to make al-queda the `` good guys fighting isis and their ilk '' it 's bullshit people use to have a dog in the race . 
  i was getting of a train in ankara , from outside the city when the first bomb happened . 
  left the house twice that weekend . 
  a black person would have easier time here than a lot of europe . 
  i need the holy crown of hungary, 
  that is a typo sorry . 
  \u0130 meant the same way . 
  the reason is that i believe greed is human nature . 
  you can have a definition of strenght that has to do with how virtuous you are but in this context it has the meaning of having influence to get things done . 
  and i have no doubt that i if those groups had the same amount of influence as the palestinians they world rebel in the sane way . 
  it is something . 
  you do n't get people defending you if you sit at a reservation and drink all day . 
  the people you displaced are not strong enough . 
  wow you are so funny and smart . 
  must be the aryan genes . 
  i was really trying to have this come to race but i think this statement is really clear about your opinions . 
  also i think you missed the part about you being delusional . 
  edit : i confused you with the other poster who was commenting here . 
  the point still stands . 
  \\  a few more than half of those countries are on par or worse than turkey on economic or other scales . 
  and we can see from the current crisis , people find a way to get there no matter what . 
  how much is a plane ticket from rio to portugal ? 
  ca n't someone from a favela save up for a year and fly there ? 
  is there not a large brazilian community in portugal ? 
  the visa deal is n't a the boogeyman you fear . 
  there is no horde of turks coming to eat your children . 
  [ turks are actually leaving europe . 
  ] ( https://neurope.eu/article/turks-leaving-germany-turkey/ ) whatever , feel free to form whatever opinion you may want , regardless of how detached from reality it is . 
  and where in the standarts are those things you mentioned included ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/schengen_visa_requirements.png if you think anywhere south of the us , sea countries or balkan countries are much different than turkey i do n't know what to say to you . 
  so does half the other countries with visa-free travel . 
  i do n't know you must be pretty short . 
  is there a difference ? 
  the stereotypes are right about german humor . 
  sorry we never got to improve your cuisine, 
  do n't you get tired or something ? 
  they are actually osmano\u011fullar\u0131 or sons of osman . 
  the name of the empire comes from its founder osman gazi . 
  then i guess the west found otto as the closest name to osman and called the empire ottoman empire which i always found funny . 
  many ottomans are spread across britain and the us aswell . 
  i think a few of them served in the army . 
  rekt, 
  there is a reason syphilis is called `` frengi '' in turkish . 
  when in rome ... 
  putin has even less restrictions than him though . 
  even so , i wonder what he does with the shoebox money . 
  it is the chp version of zaman, 
  spreading bullshit does n't help anything . 
  and it does n't matter what kind of bull it is . 
  i mean every comment i read from you sounds like they are from a teenager who occasionally glances at grandpa 's newspaper and forms opinions solely based on that . 
  i question the site but there is a picture . 
  what did they fake it ? 
  i do n't think they would go that far . 
  i have no idea where you get this . 
  even s\u00f6zc\u00fc is n't this ridicilous, 
  alevi is basicly shia . 
  i 'm not sure there are differences between the irani sect though . 
  you are the evil people . 
  you exist only so heroic knights can cleave through you in their shining armor . 
  finally a subreddit rid of propaganda !, 
  and the dutch and british pay for it . 
  how much to turkey ? 
  \u0130 do n't know . 
  i never studied about this but this is why people vote for them, 
  depending on how extreme left or right people some people might not like him . 
  but i would say he is deeply respected by % 80 people . 
  around % 25 deify him . 
  i mean on a certain point i can understand it . 
  they pocket 1 billion while using 50 billion for development lets say . 
  but that is short term thinking . 
  corruption setting root is never good and it is not easy to remove . 
  i do n't know how to answer that without wishing torture upon anybody you know but that is basicly what you want for my country . 
  turkey is one of the most nationalistic countries in the world . 
  aside from the seperatists everybody is nationalist . 
  and misak-i milli ( national borders ) is a big part of that . 
  no one would accept and loss of land easily . 
  otherwise we would get rid of southeast ages ago . 
  yay for innocent people getting tortured . 
  please atleast read a fucking wikipedia article before making comments about history . 
  numbers disagree with you . 
  growth of china is slowing down , brazil and russia are in recession . 
  averge growth of development is 4.8 for developing countries . 
  considering the gigantic distance between the majority of africa and turkey it is not reasonable to make a comparison . 
  http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2016/01/06/anemic-recovery-in-emerging-markets-to-weigh-heavily-on-global-growth-in-2016 please do n't make me defend akp . 
  there are tons of reasons to attack them and you do n't need to make stuff up . 
  tried to translate `` yiyolar da \u00e7al\u0131\u015f\u0131yolar '' but yeah . 
  that 's what they think . 
  they are not bothered by the corruption as long as it helps their bottom line and do n't care about or slightly approve the social policy . 
  people have this idea of mindless drones waiting to do everything the goverment says . 
  i am not denying people like that exist but that is not the average voter . 
  still % 4.2 in 2015 . 
  predictions are 3.5 for this year . 
  and this is with considering other developing economies like china and brazil slowing down . 
  i am not fond of akp and their social policies , nepotism and corruption is disgusting but they do n't get elected for nothing . 
  `` they eat but they still work '', 
  so very funny . 
  thanks man, 
  yes donkey fuckers voting for coal and house appliances is better than getting tortured for having a tolstoy book in your house .
