  military involment in politics is very dangerous . 
  i do n't want to live under a coup where millions are tortured . 
  population is much higher in the west . 
  also everybody who likes erdo\u011fan are not mindless drones . 
  they like his economic policies ( we had a lot of growth under akp ) and do n't care about social issues . 
  you need to be a nation of human beings for that !, 
  it is easier to convince people to have more kids than to convince someone to have a first one . 
  romans are n't doing too well right now are they ? 
  jokes aside is n't the weakening of military with tribesmen one of the main reasons they fell ? 
  factual translations ? 
  [ this is why people think tak and pkk are the same thing ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/turkeys-military-45-pkk-rebels-killed-in-air-strikes/2016/03/15/136aa84c-ea7f-11e5-a9ce-681055c7a05f_story.html ) and the main reason why i thought it was pkk for this attack is that there has been something done by them a week ago . 
  it 's still fresh in memory . 
  knowing arabic or having a levantine dialect would be a good start . 
  glad that the message is clear . 
  `` washington american here reporting for fox news ! '', 
  that is not semantics though . 
  there are two different meaning . 
  it is a miscommunication issue . 
  and it can be upsetting becuase it feels like a belittlement of national identity . 
  there is a huge difference between saying `` i am german '' and `` i have german ancestry . '', 
  having certain ancestry does n't make you belong to that group . 
  it 's fine to acknowledge ancestry but you are not german . 
  more often than not they have nothing to do with that country, 
  so more algreians are coming to france ? 
  even if we were as developed as , lets say the czech republic ; we still would n't get in . 
  if anybody thinks france and germany are going to weaken their big boy votes they are delusional . 
  think of it like this . 
  if a significant portion of humanity had no sense of hunger . 
  they could still live normally but it is still causes difficulties for the continuation of a species, 
  there are evolutionarly disadvantagious traits humans still posses . 
  the blind spot causes many car crashes for example . 
  the sky is surely falling, 
  i agree with that view but there is literally nothing wrong with it . 
  it does n't affect anybodys life negatively . 
  so who cares if it is a disease, 
  cuban and south african flags too ? 
  maybe he likes collecting flags ? 
  do n't you love it when people talk without knowing shit ? 
  a tourist visa is not the same thing as a residence permit, 
  i dont give a shit about you caring about turkey . 
  i dont care if you are racist our not . 
  it is fully irrelevant . 
  forget about my flair but you are committing major double-think here . 
  my problem is dishonesty and nothing else, 
  `` i dont care much about people who live where brown people live . '', 
  is pretty similar to i do n't care about brown people . 
  you literally said that you do n't care about brown people . 
  mods ca n't shadowban . 
  atleast i do n't think they can . 
  can confirm that all of these are true, 
  people do n't go to foreign countries on the other side of the world with different cultures languages and ideas when there is an easier and better life in your own country . 
  look at turkey : istanbul , ankara and \u0130zmir are massive because of immigration . 
  that 's not turkish . 
  we do n't have that `` a '' and no `` j '' unless the word is foreign . 
  and the bottom part is a very weird . 
  maybe laz or kurdish . 
  tell me how and why an independent kurdistan would work then . 
  until you give me coherant reasoning you are no different that thousands who read an article on / r/worldnews and decide what to do with the world . 
  you think an independent kurdistan makes sence because you read a wikipeadia article and occasionally read the guardian . 
  there is a reason why i do n't comment on nuclear physics . 
  it 's just a joke mate . 
  even if when we try to discuss those issues no one gives a shit and thats bad , i find the `` remove kebab '' meme mostly harmless . 
  it 's yavuz sultan selim bridge . 
  named after selim i. 
  some alevis are angry about him because he prosescuted them . 
  other that that people are angry that the bridge will damage the wildlife there . 
  what ? 
  i just googled `` bernie youngturks placard '' and only cenk uygur came up and he is a regressive asshole . 
  do you have examples ? 
  yeah the domes look similar but i checked the real hagia sophia and there are big differences . 
  the porpotions are similar to the hagia sophia than the ones in your link though . 
  an orthodox replica hagia sophia ? 
  is that really what i think it is ? 
  it 's almost like you want people to kill themselves . 
  where is the turkish exclave so i do n't go there ? 
  i ca n't imagine the outrage enforced sharia would cause in turkey ( even though it would be forgotten in a week . ), 
  it seems really wrong for it to be allowed in the west . 
  there are none in turkey . 
  the fact that there are sharia organizations in uk is very troubling to me . 
  do n't you find it wrong to allow them to be there ? 
  cengiz khan and atilla are both playeble in civ v. 
  how are the young turks celebrated ? 
  is that even english ? 
  if you are going to say stupid things atleast be coherent, 
  better not give turkey half that money for literally % 1000 more refugees, 
  well the problem is that you would need a half kilo of the stuff, 
  i read somewhere the amount was too low to get you subsentially high . 
  might be wrong , if so i am a dumbdum . 
  i read somewhere the amount was too low to get you subsentially high . 
  might be wrong , if so i am a dumbdum . 
  is n't goal of rpgs bringing down sturdy buildings and tanks ? 
  that must have been a damn sturdy building . 
  i think it 's a red perscription with a sprey that has thc and cbd , does n't get you high . 
  good thing the constitution disagrees with him . 
  actual explosives or fireworks and smokebombs ? 
  kebab keeps the anschuluss away but that comes with jihad . 
  just eat some hamburgers and get freedum . 
  lets say a anti-military nation like germany then . 
  honestly being in eu is irrelevant at this point . 
  i think we are n't in eu because of the power we would have compared to the estabilishment and large amount of subsidies we would get .
