  rather than being muslim or other reasons that people like to cite . 
  any thread about turkey 4 things will be present : 1 ) turkey is n't europe there for unrelated to this subreddit . 
  2 ) turkey should n't be in the eu ( even if the thread is about something positive ) 3 ) armenian genocide ( even if the thread is about something positive ) 4 ) ** turkey is n't europe ** it just gets annoying . 
  you ca n'tsay dress code for the nation was n't a thing when there was a literal ban for several articles of clothing . 
  those videos are n't direct advertisements like this thread though . 
  that is part of the plan.i tried to imply but did n't express myself well, 
  who said i would be back without dealing with conscription, 
  the play is finishing uni aboard and paying for exemption , or putting on 10 kg so i get a rotten report . 
  are you talking about military videos people on youtube jackoff to or some other videos ? 
  if you are an university graduate , you get 3 to 6 months i think . 
  if just high school , 1 to 2 years i think . 
  not sure though, 
  turkey does n't have any . 
  yay for goverment taking years of your life . 
  funny thing is , even without conscription turnouts would be probably much higher then most countries . 
  that is why i said half . 
  some ( or most idk ) of caucasian languages aswell . 
  half of those are n't indo-european languages and there would n't be links large enough to mention . 
  fuck the west for bitching at us about not fighting terrorist good enough while they fund organizations actively hurting turkey . 
  also this is unreasonable since i think they were greek majority but i 'm butthurt about greece taking the islands when the got independence and butthurt about italy for giving them to greece . 
  they sound like their brain has rotted . 
  i mean i am not a native speaker but i speak english better than that . 
  atleast i can form a sentence without saying like 3 times . 
  there is a large community but i do n't see them causing that many problems . 
  maybe stricter state or better integration . 
  while it would be quite amusing i do n't think greek populus would appriciate that . 
  although being from \u0130zmir i am kinda butthurt about the islands . 
  how about giving half of them ? 
  going to a war aganist an unrelated enemy , literally on the other side of the earth , chasing wmds that do n't exist is not the same as going somewhere you know that the enemy resides . 
  of course it 's not going to be conventional warfare . 
  but equiating us and turkey in this situation is really silly . 
  also there was a time \u00d6calan lived in a normal appartment in damascus and pkk carried it 's operations in syria . 
  they were told to leave not after the stongly worded letters but the threat of war . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't want war . 
  from an ideological stand point and from a pragmatic stand point . 
  but the thought process of people who are trying to excuse pkk and these other organizations is not backed by logic . 
  yesterday reddit all agreed that it was a false flag done by erdo\u011fan himself detonating the bomb . 
  also i do n't understand how you are supposed to fight an enemy who just flees to another country to heal without you being able to intervene . 
  here is another source : http://www.businessinsider.com/tak-kurds-claim-responsibility-for-bombing-in-ankara-2016-2, 
  hopefully . 
  but if turkey was able to estabilish a safe zone in syria without the un collectively shitting themselves we would have a lot less problems now . 
  thanks for telling me these man . 
  i learned something . 
  then people cry human rights . 
  [ and they are somewhat correct about that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_indian_residential_school_system ) i ca n't really form an opinion on this . 
  on one hand they do have an unheathy culture . 
  on the other , it is a really slippery slope . 
  i do n't know if that is a saying or something in montenegrin but it sound really weird in english . 
  or you could pay turkey to house actual syrian refugees who need help for half price and tell north africans to fuck off . 
  the turkish community in bulgaria seems larger than those in other previous ottoman territories . 
  why has more people stayed ? 
  also i thought other turkic tribes like avars or [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgars ) since bulgaria is a slavic country i thought these were who you mentioned before considering ottoman times . 
  are bulgarian turks people who settled during ottoman times and were n't told to leave like other balkan countries or other tribes settled there before ottoman times . 
  erdo\u011fan did not order a new election . 
  elected parties failed to make a coalition to form the goverment . 
  also pkk broke the ceasefire . 
  it was quite powerful as the polish lithuanian commonwealth . 
  russian and german increase in power and inability to keep centrilized power let to it 's demise and partisions . 
  i did say that this sub is better than most . 
  / r/worldnews is n't anywhere on reddit . 
  it 's the major news sub on the site and there are many posts about conspiracy teories and how turkey is evil whenever something about turkey is posted . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/469mj7/blast_hits_ankara_military_building/d03dun8 https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/469mj7/blast_hits_ankara_military_building/d03f77v https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/469mj7/blast_hits_ankara_military_building/d03djm1 there you go , people calling it a falseflag operation and saying its payback . 
  and that was just glancing at the / r/worldnews thread . 
  [ you do realize there are people actually trying to push certain agendas right ] ( http://imgur.com/wdb0jla ) . 
  this sub is n't even that bad in this regard . 
  you are not adressing the main point that even if she was born and raised there , the culture she was raised with and her roots are n't british . 
  just being born there changes nothing . 
  the envoirment she is in in her later years can have and impact but you can not ignore upbringing like that . 
  why ? 
  do you think that 's what we will see in future ? 
  i 've been seeing more and more immigrants in my city and i welcome them but i ca n't see them `` becoming turkish '' in my eyes or most other peoples . 
  the problem is that we think about it differently . 
  when you say british , i expect someone who is english , scottish , welsh or irish . 
  i do n't think nationality and citizenship are interchangable like that . 
  yes , she is a british citizen i find it hard to believe that she is british . 
  why do you think that . 
  just because she has citizenship , she is n't kin to you . 
  and since she presents herself as turkish she clearly is in the same opinion . 
  i do n't understand this mindset . 
  you ca n't just become a nationality like that . 
  i mean taunting is meaningless if you do n't win . 
  why ? 
  of course he is using them as leverage . 
  do you think they do n't have a cost at all . 
  he requests help not pittance . 
   and europe is not obligated to accept them from turkey , they could turn all the boats around if they wanted . 
  have fun sinking boats then . 
  the populace will love the tens of picturesthousands of drowning people . 
   turkey has consistently failed to yet meet the criteria set for membership . 
  how is that the eu fault ? 
  so has half the eu members . 
  there are other reasons for turkey not being in and you know it . 
  no man these are the progressive feminist vegeterian democrative ... ( do n't have the whole copy pasta ) kurds . 
  only hope for middle east . 
  it was also a response to us placing nukes here in \u0130ncirlik . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's still like a really driver lecturing a formula driver about cars, 
  i love people lecturing the fucking pope about god .
