  he probably means balkans and even still i would say he is wrong . 
  people stop giving a shit about skull towers and whatever when it comes to their pockets . 
  my parents went there twice last summer . 
  really liked it . 
  i do n't think you can say that with a paper like s\u00f6zc\u00fc slinging as much bullshit as govement asskissers . 
  kind of a different question ; why is umbria so much larger than every other region ? 
  if everyone who responds to you is calling you out on your bullshit , there may be some problems in your arguments . 
  i enjoy your national dish aswell . 
  god save deutchland for giving us kebab, 
  anybody from those blasted islands would a duel aganist a one armed midget if it was in the name of cuisine . 
  are you serious ? 
  we just eat babies nothing that bad . 
  smart ones are n't the ones coming with boats . 
  they come with student visas or work visas . 
  you let the stupid ones enter when you open the floodgates . 
  i mean i would understand if it was british food . 
  there is n't much else in north africa, 
  you drank the kool-aid so much you sound like a rightwingers sarcastic parody of lefties . 
  the occasional coup to keep the islamist away does n't really work . 
  during 60s we had one of the freest ( is that a word ) constutions of any large nations . 
  thank thanks to mr. evren ( and a little bit to the us ) we have the current one and islamists use the history of opression to take power . 
  they always tought us that it was karamano\u011fullar\u0131 who converted first . 
  but yeah we converted around when oghuz bands were in persia, 
  in a system where you lean on another person to be succesful and if that person stops thinking your about your interest you 're left with nothing bar some divorce money . 
  i can see why they would want to work . 
  the solution aganist that is divorce payments and strong social net . 
  but also peoples mindsets . 
  goverments worked really hard to get women into the workforce . 
  now in some places if you do n't work you are seen as a failure even if the duty you choose ( if that is child raising ) is as important and probably more satisfying . 
  also why do you assume women who choose kids over career have no life . 
  maybe something to do with the previous paraghraph . 
  i do n't think it should be necessarily be women . 
  people shoud be free to what to do . 
  but i think in a free society where one member of the family is encouraged to stay at home most of them would be women . 
  in any culture in the world . 
  i do n't understand why people have problems with why men and women choose different things . 
  this situation was brought by certain govermental policies and public perception . 
  peoples minds can be changed especially if the goverment subsities certain policies . 
  do you think women just popping out babies and leaving it to the state to raise them would be a good idea ? 
  what 's wrong with a certain portion of the population prepearing the next generation for life . 
  do german women actually do that though . 
  japan ( which is a contender for that title ) has low birthrates because of highly demanding work . 
  both for man and women, 
  the video was hosted on a fascist site with vienna 16xx name, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij55kynro6a this is the youtube link . 
  i also got ta say , i really love the amount off butthurt the ottomans cause to some people . 
  any chance for subtitles ? 
  immigrants are probably poorer or tell them to fuck off . 
  do you mean nato ? 
  how much did people bitch after we asked for 5 billion ? 
  when i went to germany there were pictures of nude women on sex shop windows . 
  here they only have neon signs . 
  other than that pretty similar aside from headdressess . 
  so the variation is only based on dental development ? 
  because i had a hard time thinking that an 18 year old japanese man had the same phisycal development of a 13 year old kid from here . 
  was n't angolan seperation a bit bloody for white people ? 
  how friendly is angola to portugal ? 
  can i get a source on the japanese - turkish thing ? 
  making horrible ripoff movies were a specialty in the past . 
  now we just make horrible movies . 
  i am not sure why this is or what this points to . 
  any ideas ? 
  come on the article is titled `` why the beggars come ... '' it 's trying to justfiy why they should take these people . 
  yet there are people who still support letting these people in . 
  what does sardinia speak ? 
  we call you yunan for ions . 
  yes , istanbul is the biggest city in europe, 
  they still tried to kill each other . 
  i thikn this is the biggest issue . 
  yeah man loving all these balkan treasures . 
  saying `` nazi germany was evil !!! 1 ! '', 
  does n't make everything done to them ok . 
  i repeat , there is no reason to disturb the dead . 
  most of wehrmacht was n't . 
  does everyone in the us army torture people in cuba ? 
  anzac graves in turkey are respected and taken care of . 
  there is no reason to disturb the dead . 
  his face makes me uneasy . 
  erdo\u011fan looks like normal older turkish man . 
  merkel is n't a supermodel or even attractive ( unless you have some specific fetishes ) but she looks like a normal older german lady . 
  wilders looks weird . 
  well his speeches may be very charming but since i can not understand dutch , i can only comment on his face which makes me think that he has some goblins in his ancestery . 
  that man looks really nasty and i thought that without knowing his ideologies . 
  i thought politicians were supposed to be charisatic, 
  i just looked it up and you are right . 
  i learned it in highschool , what the hell ? 
  what is a widely accepted classification ? 
  also these languages are still , languages with some common properties that do n't have a large number of speakers looking from googles side . 
  it 's a language group with common properties . 
  i do n't mean it as a race . 
  well since develpers of google ( and most of the world ) uses indo-european languages there is a lot more development there . 
  they have n't done much work on ural-altaics i think . 
  i do n't know how good it is for chinese or japanese though . 
  who even imigrate to turkey anyways ? 
  i know expats from europe started to come back and i 'm starting to see some african dudes around but is there really a large amount of immigration to here ? 
  maybe the answers were from turks in western cities who do n't like uneducated kurds leaving their villiges for cities ? 
  blaming islamic culture is not really a solution . 
  i know that there are these people who do wrong stuff and their only common point is being muslims but that is what happens when you import undesirebles from every country nearby . 
  ( most of which are islamic ) if you magically lifted and replaced an average population from these countries life would n't be so different ignoring integration issues like language . 
  the solution is checking who gets in your country,
