  when was the last time i saw those borders ? 
  started as meaning turk , then evolved to all muslims ruled by ottomans, 
  turkish comment is pretty accurate, 
  not sure i like that . 
  africa is pretty big . 
  and you can do whatever you want in sahara, 
  are we returning to 18th century borders or global warming ? 
  there are no deserts in turkey, 
  every toilet has an inbuilt bidet here, 
  i think midsummer comes from pagan days . 
  some myth about g\u00f6kt\u00fcrks . 
  i heard it could be pretty bad . 
  that 's is illegal though . 
  should be aswell . 
  the discussion about where theline is drawn . 
  i dont want my company to be associated with black people then . 
  there is a difference of a few hundred years of living together and whole tribes of people moving rather than your grandparents leaving for somewhere alone . 
  having cow parents make you a cow . 
  this map ignores the biggest city in europe, 
  no goverment would make this much effort to just save face for such a long time . 
  monetary and land reperations are inherent goals for this agenda . 
  which one are you talking about ? 
  early islamic empires mostly expanded westward , not past persia . 
  i am not sure how far safavids expanded east . 
  and i am not that good with history myself by the way . 
  there is a differance between calling one of the 75 million people who live in turkey `` not a true scotsman '' and calling disporia one . 
  what would you say if a 4th generation disporia armenia commented `` as an armenian , i forgive everything . '', 
  he ca n't speak as the average turk since he is n't the average turk . 
  on many matters especially this matter he is no different than a westerner . 
  no the idea is that the only people who the governors have allegiance to is the new ruler . 
  previous governors may have different allegiances to other governors , previous rulers and other people . 
  but since they are already estabilished you do n't need to spend any effort estabilishing control if you control them . 
  if you install your own governors the only allegiance they will have is with you . 
  they will need effort and time to be estabilished but when they do it is more benefitial to the new ruler . 
  machievelli mentioned using governors who are strangers to where they are appointed , rather than managing the already landed local elite so the only alligiance they have is with you . 
  he does n't talk about moving populations . 
  can you even speak turkish ? 
  you are speaking from a position where you have only seen a single side of the argument and took it at face value . 
  no one denies masscares took place . 
  those armenian corpses did not fall from the sky . 
  however the problem is that 1915 has been used by armenian disporia since then to ; * excuse their massaceres of muslim population * excuse the current ethnic clensing of surrounding regions of karada\u011f * trying to extort money and land from the state of turkey . 
  i agree that previous wrongdoing needs to be apoligized for but current narrative of evil turks killing nasty innocent armenians need to stop . 
  and i do n't want neither me nor my countrymen to pay for something done 100 years ago by a different goverment . 
  edit 1 : and please do n't try to share your perspective as the average turk since you are so far removed from the usual turk . 
  i 've read that many coffeeshops are on valuable waterfront property and they bring down other property prices . 
  so they are trying to get them replaced . 
  france is already multi-continental . 
  his policies were n't been any different from now to when he was named `` the person of the year '' by time . 
  balkans and middle east . 
  we also export some to south america i think . 
  would n't he just attack south though ? 
  i understand that and it is a problem but a country like croatia simply can not compete with the us when it comes to cultural exports . 
  people would rather watch the movie where they explode 15 exotic cars to the movie where a bunch of guys discuss the croatian way of life in a room . 
  there is simply not enough consumerbase for croatian made content . 
  hell even if it 's not the us it would be turkey , we are already second in exporting tv . 
  because they are `` lower class scum '' . 
  what is the point of making the test easier if the participants do n't qualify for the previous one ? 
  did n't rome fall like ... a dozen times ? 
  turkish intervention wo n't happen as long as russia is there . 
  let me live in a region that gets the lowest amount of sunlight in the world and cover my body up whenever i 'm out . 
  oh i have vitamin d deficiency , must be the racist swedes . 
  take a guess from the flair . 
  it was a stupid joke . 
  maybe the balkans would appiciate another previous administration ? 
  i also find the estelada uglier than the catalan flag . 
  why are people considering christiantoday 's opinion as important ? 
  even turkish left is very nationalistic . 
  seperatism does n't go well with them . 
  yeah let 's break all the windows so window makers make some money . 
  wow so very edgy / r/lewronggeneration, 
  something something \u040b\u0435\u043b\u0435 \u041a\u0443\u043b\u0430, 
  [ german is considerebly harder than other languages ] ( http://www.languagetesting.com/how-long-does-it-take ) and this is for someone who speaks an indo-european language . 
  turkish is a lot more different . 
  is there no galipoli ? 
  bk is actually bigger than mc in turkey, 
  angry birds is not something i would be proud of . 
  your greatness ended with nokia ## makefinlandgreatagain, 
  yeah , you can have money and your life can still suck . 
  hell most islamic terrorists are middle class . 
  people who are n't adjusted well are vulnerable to people who claim that they have the answers . 
  be it religion or nationalism . 
  they find it as an alternative to german society . 
  probably since they are poor and their life sucks . 
  it 's the only thing they have to be proud of . 
  funny thing is it 's not fully theirs . 
  people with well established lives do n't live like that . 
  so it ca n't be done but it is done ? 
  unfortunately after death donation is opt-in which lowers it a lot . 
  even with diyanet and media pushing it a lot it needs to be opt-out . 
  yeah i found it weird that you did not post 5 links that showed turkey in a bad light . 
  conjecture is still good though , i guess . 
  googling came up with nothing . 
  since you have an archive of links that show turkey in a bad light would you mind sharing some sources ? 
  and also would n't countries with access to medical equipment and high refugee populations like jordan and lebenon have similar numbers ? 
  people selling kindeys was something i thought of , but there are places where human life is much cheaper with lower rates . 
  i also love how you manage to link something totally unrelated anyways . 
  an example of democratic countries allying with undemocratic ones . 
  who is the biggest backer of ksa , who backed south korea back when it was a backwater dictatorship ? 
  have you even heard of operation condor ? 
  good thing for them greece is just a stonethrow away,
