  and if they leave it would probably hurt them more than it hurts spain . 
  from what i understand , they just wa n't out because they are giving money to spain . 
  you could say that north italy should be independent from south because they are richer . 
  but they are n't richer by accident . 
  all big industries and business go to already rich and populated areas making them even more rich . 
  catatonians are just selfish . 
  but i hope they do get independence just to see how it all plays out . 
  what if the fly has 1600 active nuclear warheads . 
  england , scotland , whales and n.ireland are n't real countries . 
  united kingdom is . 
  if you are n't an independent country , you are n't a real county . 
  to be a country you must have independence , this is how it works . 
  when you go to google , does it say google scotland or does it say google uk, 
  yes . 
  do you need subtitles when you watch serbian films ? 
  i was banned for calling migrants mudshits . 
  if we are gon na ban that , we might as well ban this dude . 
  than we should put bavaria or catalonia too . 
  only real countries get on the map . 
  but its different this time . 
  this is just someone at the eu parliament who you can easily ignore , croatia has been ignoring eu requests since it joined . 
  having 1000 's of people going trough an open field is a bit harder to stop . 
  he also only expected about 500-1000 people . 
  genetics change . 
  [ modern europeans share a lot of genes with africans ] ( http://cdn.eupedia.com/images/content/haplogroup_r1b_world.png ) but this gene was created 12,500 -- 25,700 years bp . 
  if we go more and more in the future the less and less we have in common with them . 
  not dalmatia . 
  also i wold prefer the russians or euros . 
  nah , we wo n't accept them , we are already breaking laws trying to push them into hungary , you think that we will just give up that easy . 
  our pm would loose this election for sure . 
  sometimes sad little girls caring puppies for 500 km without food and water ti save them from war . 
  greece should be the one responsible and not turkey . 
  i do n't see why should turkey give a fuck who enters eu . 
  its eu 's job to keep the border secure . 
  and every one of those are correct . 
  we will not catch up to them , instead they will come down to our level . 
  well , you know how all those migrants claim they would love to have a job . 
  here you go . 
  yes , i am bothered when people are proud of things that they should n't be proud of . 
  like proud of being black , proud of being [ nationality ] , proud of being fat , proud of being lgbt etc. 
  and i am not christian . 
  yes it does . 
  if people do n't wa n't to wear seat belts it should be their right to not wear them . 
  they can only kill them self this way . 
  we tried to do that and it just resulted in people getting pissed off way too much and the law was reverted . 
  banning cigarettes in private properties ( by law ) should break some human rights . 
  gay prides piss me off , being gay is nothing to be proud of . 
  living in the bosnian-croatian border . 
  ca n't tell the difference . 
  in serbia and bosnia marlboro red/gold is 2.20 $ and lucky strike is 1.80 $ , there are cheaper ones but usually the price is around 2 $, 
  european solidarity is dead and buried . 
  its closer, 
  we need to get around a table and figure out a way to fuck dump these people in germany without anyone noticing . 
  they will not get deported . 
  they will cry and scream on camera until austria flies planes to syria and picks them up . 
  and how exactly can austria deport them . 
  dublin agreement is no more . 
  when hungary builds the border the buses are coming to you . 
  greece , macedonia , serbia and us have given up . 
  you will too . 
  you are wrong , slovenia has almost no reputation . 
  more often than not people mistake it for slovakia . 
  media can say whatever it wants and it will dictate how slovenia is perceived . 
  well ... croatia does n't get along with anybody . 
  tourism . 
  if we did n't have tourists we would be moldavia tier country . 
  but right now it is easier to get to progress towards germany from romania . 
  oh but they do . 
  the chance of randomly stepping on a mine is 0 % . 
  they have apps that shove minefields and the minefields are clearly marked . 
  well now you are pushing it . 
   japanese asian . 
  and where did americans come from . 
  you just have to live in the european continent . 
  georgia , like russia is both in europe and asia , and i only consider the european part of georgia to be europe . 
   around one hundred volunteers travelled to curraj eperm in the albanian mountains over the summer to build a bridge ... [ relevant ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/xwgxrxvb_uu/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  see map again , its like turkey , only a small part of it is europe . 
  cyprus is in the eu but i do n't consider it europe . 
  [ pretty much ] ( https://embed.gyazo.com/7e89b920b05afa2f9fd94daa5cc439a3.jpg ), 
  [ everyone born in green ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/44/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg/220px-europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_%28with_borders%29.svg.png ) but you could also say everyone white . 
  that is how deforesting hills is done . 
  there is usually a big thing that looks like a tank with a pole on top that is used as an anchor and the rope is secured to the bottom . 
  americans have been doing this for decades . 
  we do n't have mafia , our politicians are quick to take care of their competition . 
  i have a fully automatic kalashnikov . 
  everyone in croatia has a fully automatic kalashnikov . 
  some people even have howitzers , rpg 's , bombs etc. 
  yet we do n't kill everyone despite being poorer and only having a war 20 years ago , if this is n't definitive proof that guns are n't bad i do n't know what is . 
  no they do n't , greece has to . 
  macedonia just like serbia does n't give a fuck . 
  kosovo in the eu ? 
  are they insane . 
  you might as well accept albania while you 're at it . 
  how many times do i have to say this . 
  do n't build a fence . 
  just do n't give them any money . 
  do n't give them citizenship . 
  or best of all , just do n't even grant asylum to anyone . 
  deport those that are already in . 
  if you really must have them build refuge concentration camps and keep them here and ship them back once everything is over .
