meh , does n't seem that bad . 
  i think we can survive this one . 
   we 're after countries like germany , austria , belgium and france [ not true ] ( http://i.imgur.com/otzlxzs.png ) sure if you count 0.5 l of beer the same as 0.5 l of vodka than poland maybe lower than germany . 
  or even better is death penalty . 
  since i do n't think humans like this can be fixed and there is n't enough space in jail for all of them . 
   there 's plenty of jail space free actually there is n't, 
  we had different reason like wanting to build a democratic country or not wanting serbs to make decisions for all of us . 
  they have autonomy and freedom and they are also rich . 
  the only reason they wa n't to go is because they are giving money to spain . 
   why do i keep responding to spaniards hover over his flair . 
   20-50 % earn less than men . 
  this has been debunked so many times that putting is anywhere makes you look like a radical feminist . 
  [ as you can see it is very reliable ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wm7ra6p.png ), 
  these people are blinded by their will to be independent to realize how big of a mistake this is . 
  german ~ ~ media ~ ~ propaganda doing its job . 
  he absolutely deserved it . 
  fuck your tolerance . 
   4 % of those executed are innocent that is amazing and makes you think how many of those that are in prison are actually innocent . 
  http://i.imgur.com/oa8c6gf.png i do n't know about you , but mercedes and bmw break down all the time . 
  and when they you might as well scrap them because there is no way a anyone know what the fuck is going on with it . 
  my dad drives a golf 5 , it has n't broken down since he bought it , i have a golf 2 , it has n't broken since it was made in 1986 . 
  so its not like i do n't like german cars , but they are nothing exceptional . 
  even better move would be colonizing middle east . 
  all that oil money . 
  lets be honest . 
  german cars are n't anything special . 
  most people buy them just because they are german . 
  japanese cars are best imo, 
  if the system has a flaw , a bosnian will find a way to exploit it for his personal gain . 
  my bmi is 18.5, 
  still unhealthy to be 80kg . 
  [ and you probably look like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8sxtk3g.png ) and i would say that 's fat . 
  bmi works for most people . 
  if you are a strongman than you probably know better than to use bmi . 
  i am also pretty sure that people that say bmi is n't a good indicator are just overweight them self . 
  bmi over 25, 
  are you implying that just because someone has radical views he is stupid ? 
  i did n't mean unstable . 
  they made no attempt to join the eu , or nato , or wto or any organization or treaty or whatever . 
  they have no real allies except for maybe us , serbia or turkey . 
  they have no welfare system , they do n't even have free healthcare . 
  their police , schools etc. 
  go regularly on strikes . 
  it is just a country where government does absolutely nothing at all . 
  nothing works properly . 
  on the other hand its probably the closes we have to anarcho capitalism, 
  yep . 
  we make 750 $ and they make 2000 $ . 
  in order for it to be fair they should cut price of everything by 3 times . 
  than we would be buying stuff . 
  as it stands i will continue to pirate everything . 
  i do n't understand how can german people just sit there while they take your internet . 
  we would probably start riots . 
  right to pirate is on the same page as right to live . 
  we just never grow up . 
  this country is full of man-children , we do n't accept responsiblites , even the pm does n't . 
  come on , we are balkan , nobody denied it ,, 
  people are saying no . 
  but i for one am not surprised at all by this . 
  this is just trolling another county . 
  we do that quite often . 
  nah , bosnia is a country that does n't give a fuck . 
  it is almost anarchy . 
  they do n't engage in foreign anything . 
  plus there are 500,000 croats in bosnia . 
  we are forced to learn german and english . 
  48 % muslims , they wold be killed before they get out of bosnia by the other angry tribes . 
  that 's extreme thinking . 
  the serbs ca n't attacks eu/nato county . 
  but than again balkan is n't know for respecting rules , treaties , unions or anything . 
  if germans try to further them self from nazis further more they will eventually become communists . 
  the only smart thing we could have done together here is send them straight to germany . 
  all problems go to germany . 
  no problems here . 
  but you had to build a fence . 
  its different , we wanted independence because we were under communism and because the serbs wanted to control the whole country . 
  it ended up in war , destruction and misery . 
  that probably wo n't be the case with catalonia but you will sure take a huge economic hit that you probably will not recover from in years . 
  everything that was build over the years will have to be built again . 
  i am talking about things like the eu , nato etc. 
  millions of people are easily manipulated by media . 
  and i am not sure if those experts are really experts in what happens to a country when it gains independence . 
  it does n't taste bad . 
  actually you can hardy taste the milk but the color looks nicer . 
  i used to support unification of europe . 
  but considering they ca n't deal with a issue as simple as migrants , i doubt that would be a good idea . 
  t-com should be banned . 
  we usually call that monday . 
  we will see . 
  but i am fairly certain that this is n't a smart decision . 
  we wo n't know for sure until it happens . 
  sure it will hurt spain . 
  but nobody invests in catalonia because it is catalonia . 
  people invest in it because its spain . 
  and after catalonia is independent other regions of spain will get that money . 
  to put it simply . 
  when americans open new big companies they open it in l.a. . that does not mean that california should be independent , even tho it is richer than the rest of the us . 
  i think its the same for spain . 
  you know what . 
  catalonia would probably be nothing without spain .
