  you have alot of talent . 
  put it to good use , 
  watch the sass !, 
  does the thargoid sighting also appear at the other barnacles such as in merope etc. 
  meanwhile i ca n't even draw a stickman, 
  before you make your first jump in multiple jumps , press the toggle flight assist button when the countdown starts , it will take you to zero throttle in all your next jumps until you exit supercruise and turn flight assist back on, 
  do it, 
  ollo the bomber, 
  is n't that exactly what he just said ? 
  ** it 's john cena **, 
  and you get a rock !, 
  and you get a rock !, 
  and you !, 
  and you !, 
  i have news for you ... 
  looks pretty normal to me, 
  thanks bot, 
  ... except walking, 
  they 're scavenging ... 
  and she wo n't get xp points, 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrw9ctczze5p31azs4-ah_znfeaf6yz8xzxbg5nfogryjyv8dphmw ), 
  looks normal to me, 
  are you even trying ? 
  i see what you did there . 
  this is correct, 
  haha me too thanks, 
  now upvote, 
  i want this to be a thing, 
  thanks but i prefer life, 
  yes , hello . 
  unknown probe ? 
  unknown probe machine broke . 
  understandable have a nice -- |, 
  me too thanks, 
  '' roche limit ? 
  what 's that ? '', 
  - these two moons, 
  good luck . 
   am i the only one, 
  probably not, 
  i am a bot, 
  i have thought about this for so long , i want regular melee to look as cool as this and actually have a fight between the two pilots like who presses f the fastest or something, 
  you vs. the guy she tells you not to worry about, 
  it is time , the bots have become self-aware . 
  please spare me during the robot apocalypse . 
  should have brought bug spray, 
  holy shit , it knows, 
  if you 're on pc , xbox , ps4 , does n't matter !, 
  you can join the first contact defence initiative , we research alien things but we are also a friendly player group that likes to help out wherever we can !, 
  we have our ` engineer hangar ' where you can discuss your ship builds , find help for the right ship , we have memes , off-topic and more fun channels !, 
  come join us !, 
  we 'll be happy to have you !, 
  touch the spot on the doll where he hurt you, 
  you accidentally tried to jump to the edge of the observable universe, 
  the universe attending a party and is putting on its bowtie . 
  do n't forget rotterdam !, 
  ... nevermind, 
  i now want the voice of my legion to be arnold schwarzenegger . 
  i would pay big bucks for it, 
  this one can take on multiple targets and can fire immediately without a lockon and does not need a direct hit to do damage, 
  thanks kind internet stranger, 
  i would lose my virginity, 
  yummy !, 
  you can try , but do n't blame me if you accidentally implode, 
  pass along by sag a * on your way to beagle ? 
  nsfw, 
  get a sidewinder , self destruct and choose to spawn in the bubble in your freewinder . 
  there is a system only a few lightsecond between eachother , i ca n't recall the name though, 
  `` white fucking people '', 
  its a trap, 
  i only see a docking pad ? 
  maybe you posted the wrong screenshot ? 
  subcategory in your audio settings, 
  wait until you drop out inside one of these stars ... 
  d e f e n s i v e m a n o u v r e s, 
  it 's a boy !, 
  it does n't work when you are not on the other side of the map, 
  just do n't tap the dashboard once . 
  it will explode, 
  my precious, 
  ** all rise , mothafucka !, 
  yes, 
  what, 
  how, 
  what is that font ? 
  it 's happening, 
  i 've got infinite ammunition, 
  phase shift, 
  '' oh no not this again '', 
  i wish i could gild you but this is all i could give : http://i.imgur.com/f0iu0xe.jpg, 
  the horror, 
  man they really are running out of idea 's are n't they ? 
  o7 commander, 
  can i have some of the drugs you are using ? 
  the gold train does n't start from here !, 
  colorizebot, 
  it 's already there but it 's so small you ca n't see it, 
  you only need a sidewinder, 
  well that 's one way to get to the planet quickly, 
  that looks really atmospheric .
