  soon, 
  how much does an asp go for ? 
  at the moment i have 4 million credits ( a friend helped me bounty hunt at the start ), 
  yay !, 
  i got a gtx 780 with an i5-4400 i think it will do the job, 
  or the finger, 
  lucky me just bought facetracknoir and it works great , 
  i never win this shit so why do i even bother lol, 
  yes, 
  you fools are all wrong . 
  it 's obviously for when spiderman needs to charge his phone, 
  get an unknown artifact to increase chances, 
  u/trollabot neonitynl, 
  this is ... 
  this is a huge breakthrough, 
  * throws pc out of window *, 
  works for me too, 
  oh god , it 's really happening, 
  i need that wallpaper, 
  thanks for clearing that up for me !, 
  i actually found the video on youtube and thought well let 's share it to reddit incase nobody has seen it yet, 
  #menu _ header_you_fucked_up, 
  always better than having them slap eachother, 
  dada, 
  oh yes , i loved that game !, 
  same here, 
  it happened !, 
  ship name : here we go again, 
  something tells me this is n't the first time your ship has had this happen . 
  first person to enter an atmosphere in elite !, 
  me , to t. hanks, 
  beagle point is currently the farthest possible you can go from sol . 
  i 'm not sure but that 's what i heard . 
  thanks, 
  some people just want to watch the world burn, 
   ancient probe, 
  damn that 's deep, 
  i do n't know you, 
  is this just fantasy ? 
  it 's almost like we 're in some sort of videogame !, 
  no idea , this one was even occupied . 
  i could scoop it up from the wreckage and sell it for 5000 credits, 
  what 's a dust filter, 
  hey a dutch cmdr !, 
  do you know what that thing is supposed to be or is it made to look like a cobra on purpose ? 
  i laughed way too hard at this, 
  you 're better off selling the ship and buying it again for cheaper, 
  but if that 's the last trophy and you get it from earning * all * trophies then you ca n't unlock it because it 's still a trophy and it 's the last one so the text does n't match !, 
  but i named my aspx '' in front of things '' the moment we could name things . 
  who was first ? 
  sorry i was drunk last night when i wrote that nonsense, 
  somebody getting interdicted , since 2.3 you can see people being interdicted . 
  wow !, 
  oh man i should n't have went there, 
  that 's fucking amazing, 
  petition to make titan brawl a permanent mode ? 
  it would n't be so hard to make it one , right ? 
   thunk thunk reeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  ftfy, 
   dickbutt appears, 
  * discovered 1 new astronomical object *, 
  the files sadly all contain a single file in all folders , it 's just an unopenable data file :( and about the dates , that 's a great find !, 
  it might be a clue . 
  cool !, 
  i have n't payed attention to the word ` organic ' . 
  i just looked for anything related to the thargoids in the files , great find !, 
  indeed, 
  i was browsing the game files out of curiousity . 
  i expected all the files to be like, 
  1234 . data, 
  4321 . data, 
  but did n't expect to find these, 
  i wonder what the people already in the ship thought when they saw that . 
  probably laughed their ass off, 
  \u2022 \u1d17 \u2022, 
  2nd best bot ever , the doot doot bot is cooler, 
  if you do n't understand the difference between '' your '' and '' you 're '' then your stupid . 
  yep , i had that too yesterday, 
  wait , that shit real ? 
  but does it have microtransactions ? 
  fake news, 
  '' this liner is in the top 1 % off all liners out there ! '', 
  they 're mostly beluga liners , orca 's , and dolphins, 
  the dude at the end that came to help his friend, 
  to clarify , this just happened only a few hours ago in rotterdam , the netherlands . 
  this was right after a soccer match that the team from rotterdam lost . 
  if the team won this match they could 've been champions . 
  they just wanted to give some hugs . . 
  this guy drinks, 
  start, 
  fly . . fly into it, 
  yes , but that 's amped . 
  just like the amped alternator would get you the same result, 
  art . 
  watch the sass !, 
  watch the sass !, 
  big if true, 
  but what is it ? 
  looks amazing !, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/neonitynl,
