  forever, 
  oh it was just a floating flower caused by the zero gravity nothing to see here, 
  wait , ollobrains actually talking like a human person and i can understand what he is typing ? 
  it 's a miracle !, 
  ^ ^ no ^ ^ offense ^ ^ ollo, 
  if ollo talks normal then that means , ollo is a thargoid !, 
  we 're pretty fucked . 
  beam me up scotty, 
  we must build a wall against the space mexicans , make humanity great again !, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  it 's there in the game but in a permit locked system :(, 
  june 2nd 1023, 
  titanfall 2 most underrated shooter ever, 
  did you play the multiplayer ? 
  i rek yor mom in meincreft lollolool ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  welcome back cmdr !, 
  you son of a bitch, 
  all rise , motherfucker !, 
  oh my god, 
  thanks bot, 
  if your exploration rank is scout or higher then you can unlock felicity farseer , she can massively increase your jump range , to get to the g5 fsd upgrade you can sell your exploration data there, 
   your writing shows symptoms of space madness . 
  please consult the nearest ( ? ), 
  ftfy, 
  you level by selling your data so only sell the data you got after reaching scout to her, 
  but he did n't ask what an open beta is, 
  i did n't know you can find these with srv too , thank you !, 
  i read this in a 7 year old 's voice and it sounds so much funnier, 
  when you fly , keep your speed in the blue zone to turn faster , helps alot and helped me beat the advanced combat tutorial, 
  i have never seen so much multicannons before in my life, 
  this was n't a high-res screenshot . 
  this is a 1050p screenshot, 
  please explain ? 
  if you mean the light at the bottom , that 's from my srv . 
  the light at the inside is from the ruins, 
  thanks , i 'm saving up for a 1920x1080 monitor :d, 
  i have n't thought of that before !, 
  thanks ollo, 
  ah , much better, 
  there already are , this one is from an ancient species called thd guardians . 
  already is, 
  how would you swallow that, 
  yse vry good joke, 
  i get the funny joke and all , but seriously what actually is that thing ? 
  first person embarking/executions and frontier defence, 
  tourist beacon led me here, 
  thargoids are universally female, 
  wow , that actually looks like a ship i would buy, 
  except for mocking spongebob , it was always horrible . 
  hey , your dropped that / s buddy . 
  we did it reddit ? 
  who knew ... 
  in real life the planet would be torn to pieces by gravity , but it 's in a game and that looked awesome !, 
  o7 cmdr ! , damn i really need to get working on a card like that you used :d, 
  i am also a long-range explorer . 
  i own an anaconda with 52ly jump range and love it !, 
  welcome to the club and be sure to visit / r/eliteexplorers to meet other people like you  . 
  / u/edwardlewis _ frontier realized that this is a picture from the future about 2000 years from now and space legs have just been leaked infront of our eyes and we have n't noticed it, 
  me too thanks, 
  we found the release date for half-life 3 guys !, 
  sounds like the exact thing the fcdi is doing . 
  * sips tea *, 
  oh no , we have delayed half-life 3 again . 
  we need to stop mentioning half-life 3, 
  and i just mentioned half-life 3 again so half-life 3 is now delayed even further . 
  beeping intensifies, 
  uhmm please do n't . 
  i live there, 
  hang him !, 
  a retarded alien that speaks broken english, 
  that 's not a bamboozle !, 
  i have been bamboozled by a fake bamboozle ... 
  p r a i s e t h e s u n, 
  not in this version . 
  i need to know how, 
  it looks like pepe tbh, 
  great idea !, 
  i hope this gets implemented like that, 
  fly into it and exit supercruise . 
  it will be fun, 
  really ? 
  are some systems filled with green clouds to announce the return ? 
  any more proof of it ? 
  it 's a bot, 
  do you know about one on pc ? 
  that you do n't turn off a computer by turning off the monitor . 
  wow !, 
  wow !, 
  wow !, 
  chat disabled for 3 seconds, 
  can i download it ? 
  they do actually , just less frequent then on the forums, 
  maybe the thargoids just destroyed the federal capital ships because the federation stole palins data and they did n't like that, 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  there is also one on the newspaper in the kitchen, 
  how did you get this ? 
  why did you post it again in a comment ? 
  what the actual fuck, 
  amazing read !, 
  thank you,
