  needs more jpeg, 
  apology accepted . 
  carry on fellow human, 
   on wave 5, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  i disagree, 
  heretic !, 
  burn the witch !, 
  wait . 
  you can go in there ? 
  you should have tried to place sunflowers around your character to prevent corruption, 
  in pre-hardmode , yeah they do, 
  speak for yourself, 
  yes, 
  haha, 
  nope nope nope nope nope, 
  haha, 
  what in tarnation, 
  i do n't wan na find out ... 
  i 'd have to remove some of my other games already installed to be able to play it and since i did n't know if it would work i did n't want to take that risk . 
  i want that one, 
  give it to me, 
  yes, 
  why not, 
  but i am a good human, 
  understandable , have a nice day, 
  yes but that would make a bad meme, 
  federal dropship explorer, 
  bad human ;(, 
  we 're leaking . 
  a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  its the grandgoids !, 
  s p a c e w e e d, 
  oof ouch owie my ears, 
  i got tree fiddy, 
  yes . 
  good bot, 
  no problem, 
  mom , the funny metal things hurt me !, 
  owie !, 
  * thargoid war begins *, 
  tiny eye, 
  youre doing better than me . 
  i can barely draw a stickman lol, 
  rule 6, 
  oh god, 
  gentlemen, 
  heheh i know what you did ... 
  one for each wrist, 
  thank you , should i use it for average use ? 
  music playing , excersizing , travel and messaging ? 
  thanks , i think i 'll get this one since speed does n't bother me and it does n't cost as much as the 3 . 
  where ? 
  definitely the ninja 's, 
  i need it, 
  yes what good ones are there for free ? 
  a e s t h e t i c, 
  - levels up at 45 from quad tank, 
  - only the big bullets do alot of damage, 
  - the small bullets do not do alot of damage, 
  code :, 
  hi there , i have run into a problem . 
  i sold everything i have . 
  my apartment and my cars ( 1.5 million ) then bought a ceo office without upgrades and the cheapest warehouse . 
  i did the supply run thing and made a bit of money . 
  any tips for what to do next ? 
  [ removed ], 
  have a large penis but suffer from memory loss . 
  have a tiny penis but be very smart and remember everything . 
  i do not remember which option i took . 
  i just got this game and i have no clue what to do . 
  it all seems so advanced to me . 
  i want to play it , but i have no idea what to do to get started . 
  i tried playing titanfall 2 on the pc with a controller today , for the lolz , then i managed to get 2nd place in a match with 12 kills . 
  so it seems that using an xbox controller on pc actually works , and it locks on to pilots and titans automatically . 
  sounds kinda broken to me but it works . 
  hi there internet fella !, 
  i 'm a returning player to terraria and i stopped playing since hardmode came out , near that time . 
  i had other things to do . 
  now i do n't wan na sound stupid but i kinda forgot how to get back into the game with all those new stuff in it . 
  does anyone have some advice for me ? 
  if you have , please share it with me . 
  ( yes , i am aware of the wiki ), 
  [ removed ], 
  y u no workerino, 
  [ removed ], 
  hi , i want to start exploring in elite and i 'm quite new , i have a multipurpose cobra mkiii with 21 ly jump range , an fsd interdictor , wake scanner , 16 cargo slots , 2 pulse lasers and 2 multicannons , a fuel scoop , advanced discovery scanner , and a detailed surface scanner . 
  if i sell it it would give me about 6,1 million credits, 
  add that to my current balance and it would make 7 million . 
  with 7 million . 
  i can buy an asp explorer . 
  now what else should i need to get into exploring . 
  like , how much more credits should i need and what is some necessary equipment ? 
  ( sorry if i 'm just stupid or if this question has already been asked ), 
  edit : i own horizons, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  when u upgrade monarch to level 3 , she can say '' vanguard systems at full power '' or something along the lines of that . 
  but she 's a monarch titan and not a vanguard ?
