  but seriously , if you start saying hi to all the people that walk by is ... just ... crazy . 
  hahahaha !, 
  he really seemed super freaked out haha :d, 
  yeah it 's fairly normal to do that . 
  in rio we have a saying that goes `` invite everyone over , but never give them your adress '' . 
  one time i did the mistake of doing that here in stockholm ... my head was throbbing from too much booze , almost no sleep after coming home late ( early ) from the club and i just generally felt and looked like a train wreck . 
  then i get an sms from someone asking if they should bring anything for tonight . 
  never again . 
  hmmmmm i would say 1 ) get involved in a sport or an association that you like . 
  2 ) make friends with expats/internationals who have swedish friends and work your way in from there . 
  oftentimes there are a lot of friendly chatty people hanging around , like me !, 
  4 ) if you are invited somewhere and you want to bring a friend , for the love of god , please ask well in advance and do n't just show up at the doorstep with a small village . 
  5 ) get drunk with someone/somepeople regularly and then try to move out of the whole `` drink buddy '' thing, 
  edit : these are of course my own experiences . 
  but what i 'm saying is that you mostly make friends in school , at work or extra-curricular activities . 
  i 'm not saying that you stick by your grade school friends all your life . 
  just that this is common . 
  i mostly hang out with international people due to work and school and they all usually complain how hard it is to find friends outside of work/school . 
  i used to date a finn ! ... 
  never again . 
  haha weeeeeeell ... we are not all like that , i have always found norwegians to be the happy go lucky type ( though it might be their language ) . 
  a lot of young people do move to new cities and find new friends at uni , and later work ( part of it is because they have to ) . 
  when i went to uni in stockholm it was nigh impossible to make friends or chit chat because most the students came from stockholm and already had their friends outside of school . 
  it was n't until i got involved in a student union that i got some real friends . 
  i think i have outgrown most of my grade school friends or simply lost contact with them , but i have lived abroad for half of my life . 
  most swedish people i know still keep in touch and hang out with their grade school/high school/uni group ( s ) . 
  a thing about groups : usually you keep them separate for some reason , it is almost like they are the property of the one that knows them in your group . 
  people often get `` added '' to a group unless someone is dating someone who has a best friend or something similar . 
  in brazil i would just ask my friend for her friends nr , make a plan with their group and off we go . 
  usually it was like `` we 'll be at posto 10 '' and then you 'd have a huge group at the beach and after initial greetings exchanged no fucks given . 
  usually confrontation is handled pretty well , you blow of some steam and then it is fine . 
  but sometimes the drama becomes too much and the group splits , it happens : this is why it is good with separate groups . 
  well ... sure 1 ) first of i 'm not an anti-social misanthrope , the context of that comment was that people asked me about whether i dating someone , who that was , other personal questions etc etc. 
  i just felt that uncomfortable talking about things like that with people i do n't know , and even worse : they had comments and opinions about my life and my body . 
  like `` ooh , you should really work out your butt '' etc etc. 
  it was more like a `` bitch get outta ma face ! '', 
  situation so i just tried to deflect it and end the conversation ( which they thought was rude ) . 
  a teacher overhearing and seeing this exchange made that comment about me . 
  2 ) people in brazil are really friendly , but oftentimes it is a superficial friendliness , like that american `` hi omg omg how are you !! '', 
  or `` omg your food is the best in the world '' . 
  it feels so disingenuous to me that i 'm off-put by it sometimes . 
  also : people can talk about themselves for a reeeeeeaaaaally long time . 
  3 ) boys/men in brazil are a lot more aggressive and more physical in their courting and to me that is off putting , well ok , fine , it depends on who it is . 
  but at like clubs or things like that , it 's just a hassle . 
  it 's exactly the same in italy and guatemala haha . 
  4 ) i cope with this by basically having 2 personalities , the swedish one , and the brazilian . 
  in swedish mode i am myself , talkative but not intrusive i do talk to strangers sometimes , but only under certain conditions , i do n't just walk in to a buss stall and say `` can you believe that fucking bussdriver ? '' . 
  in brazilian mode i have learned that it is just expected and do some idle small talk when required , but i 'm not actively seeking it out . 
  but when it happens it 's like duck talk , the words just run out of your mouth and hands start flying in all directions haha . 
  this said i like brazil , but i am more at home in sweden , where there is a degree of personal space . 
  sweden is not the kind of place where you can find a group of gay guys in a club , have an awesome time , then later just f-off to the biggest city and just have fun for days ( which was awesome , thank you ) . 
  but in sweden i get to have time for myself , have a personal space and not have to engage in idle chit-chat when i 'm feeling down , or when i genuinely need to think about something . 
  if you make comments on my private life , you are either a good friend , someone that i am drinking with , my yoga instructor or you are getting punched in the face . 
  edit : grammar , i just came home from a dinner party and am a little tipsy, 
  ditto , did the same thing yesterday , had wine and watched girls all night . 
  1 ) a lot of us form our core friendship groups in grade school or highschool or at the latest , university . 
  these groups often stick with you for your entire life , and it 's usual to then have some sort of `` hanger on '' friends you meet along the way . 
  2 ) we are not social , we do n't like to strike up conversations with strangers , unless we are drunk or at an event where it is encouraged ( or mandatory ) to be social . 
  i had a discussion with someone about how americans view northern europeans as rude because we do n't want to make small talk . 
  what hit me was that why should i have to talk to you if a ) i do n't know you b ) i have no interest in talking to you and c ) we have nothing substantial to talk about and d ) my own thoughts are more interesting . 
  3 ) the friends that we do have that are not from school or work usually comes in the form of a ) your friends friends that you have been hanging out with , or b ) someone you share an extracurricular activity with or d ) someone you have shared an experience with . 
  and finally e ) you had no other choice . 
  4 ) ( anecdotal ) a lot of swedish people , though nominally open minded feel weirded out by strange cultures or `` weird '' behaviour '' . 
  while they may have friends from other cultures , they often want to have a solid foundation of swedish friends . 
  this all said i am half-brazilian and i am known as the over social * pratkvarn * ( * eng : * talk-windmill , aka , a super talkative person ) by swedish friends and as an anti-social misanthrope by my brazilian ( and american ) friends . 
  i 'm not kidding , someone actually told me that i should maybe seek counselling for my social anxiety . 
  haha , 
  swedish televsion is generally the same as everything else , just a lot of reality shows like let 's dance , who can dance etc etc but i really like the state channels , as they make the great majority of the shows available obline and on their apps and usually have a lot of good insightfull shows . 
  my biggest pet peeve is that they show too manycooking shows , i think i 've seen 20 ways of preparing salmon this xmas . 
  i mean seriously , i like salmon , but come on . 
  i have come to the conclusion that english people do n't know how to cook salmon . 
  now i am going to get off reddit clean the dishes from the dinner and take the saffron pancakes out of the oven and make my sisters kids stop playong xbox so we can se the state tv 's christmas show , 
  all jokes aside , yes probably , i was there with my sibling 's kids some years ago , i think that they all believe that he is from there . 
  it 's just a running gag in my family that he is from swedish lappland . 
  not the real santa . 
  why , just an hour ago or so , when my husband was out , santa was here and then he said he was going back to his hut just north of kiruna . 
  there is a lapland in sweden as well , and it 's bigger than the finnish lapland . 
  lies !, 
  he lives in a hut outisde of kiruna in sweden . 
  a norwegian decided to go on a road trip to england , after driving for an hour he turns on the radio and hears `` be very carefull on the m4 , there is a lunatic driving on the wrong side of the road '' astonished the norwegian says to himself `` vone !? 
  der ar several tausands !? '', 
  interesting site , they really want estonia to be considered nordic ... 
  it 's like telling finns that finland is not a scandinavian country . 
  ... okey ... why ? 
  edit : super confused , did n't find anything on estonia being a nordic country ( which it is n't ) in your wiki link ? 
  what was the problem ? 
  f\u00e4nks !, 
  forgott that i was on my ipad, 
  ah , this makes sense . 
  is n't estonia part of the baltics and a former soviet puppet state ? 
  also : [ nordics ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_countries ), 
  i am literally standing outside and it is raining and no snow . 
  but yes there is some snow on the riverbank , like a strup of maybe 20 cm wide a couple of meters long :( i feel sad , i 'm gon na open the bag in box and have some white with my mom . 
  :( i wish that i had some snow to send you ... 
  i 'm at place in the 100 % field . 
  it is 7 + , raining , and gray . 
  for some perspective : summer this year was 12-16 + degrees . 
  please snow , pleeeeeeeaaaasseeeeeee !, 
  breakfast : chia water 3 tablespoons chia seeds 1/2 limes juice 5 dl water whisk it together ina big cup then let it sit for 10 minutes , whisk it some more then drink it and chew the chia seeds . 
  lunch : swedish taco !,
