the practice of forced sterilizations of minorities , criminals , undesirables and people who were `` slow '' did not cease in sweden until 1974, 
  shame , you 're missing out . 
  the traditional swedish `` julbord '' ( chirstmas table/buff \u00e9e ) is actually a version of the swedish `` br\u00e4nnvinsbordet '' ( vodka/spirits table ) i.e things you munch on before dinner while drinking hard liquor . 
  as a result , schnapps or other spirits are absolutely essential . 
  never heard of it before but i suppose it 's a southern swedish thing . 
  fermented herring called [ surstr\u00f6mming ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr\u00f6mming ) , pickled herring , smoked herring , smoked salmon , cured salmon , boiled potatoes , hard-boiled eggs , [ janssons frestelse ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/janssons_frestelse ) , hardbread and hardcheese . 
  to which we drink [ p\u00e5skmust ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/julmust ) ( super sweet swedish traditional soft drink ) easter beer and schnapps . 
  traditionally you only drink the schnapps after a song that ends with a `` cheers ! '', 
  ( sk\u00e5l ) . 
  since you have to sing to be able to dri n schnapps and you can sing as many songs as you want , it is almost usually the loudest tables that become the quietest . 
  a personal favorite is the schnaps `` b\u00e4ska droppar '' or `` bitter droplets '' . 
  it is deliciously vile and puts fear in children and hair on the chest . 
  sweden went through many of the changes in the 1990s which greece is curruntly undergoing . 
  yes we have a king , but he has no legislative or political power , unfair ? 
  yes , yes it is , but it 's not some absolute monarch who is the head of a hereditary dictatorship . 
  and speaking about human rights someone pointed out earlier in this thread that since we are all in the eu we are all subject to the european human rights legislation . 
  i 'm not sure what you are trying to ask or state with this post ? 
  the state greece is in many respects due to the opaque nature of its governmental institutions and a small but firmly established political and economical oligarchy . 
  what temporary prosperity are you refering to ? 
  if memory serves me well i seem to remember that nhs and other social democratic reforms im the uk came about after ww2 when the uk was skin-flint for cash . 
  i thought they were an anti-colour outfit ? 
  it 's horrible , i lived in the old part of palma and during the summer there would be germans , germans everywhere.they 're all really nice and polite though . 
  does it involve tasers ? 
  is n't it the `` drinking club with a running problem '' though ? 
  on-on !, 
  i was going to write infantry weapons and low to medium caliber aaa fire , but the cracked.com writing feeling took over . 
  then again , the redundant systems help a lot with being hit by heavier missiles , in that i could potentially fly back and land or semi crash at base . 
  also i really love that plane after a life time of playing command and conquer . 
  it 's not a gattling gun , it 's a rotating autocannon that fires 30 mm explosive rounds that will make anything less armoured than a tank or an uparmoured apc burning wrecks of metal . 
  it is a gatling gun on steroids in a powered exoskeleton . 
  also , due to its large wings it can carry a sizeable amount of at-rockets , thus becomming a major threat to tank formations . 
  it fucks everything up , and is extremely hard to kill with aa fire due to it 's armour ( that rival some apc 's ) and due to it 's redundant system . 
  basically it 's an armoured gatling cannon with wings . 
  sm\u00f8rrebr\u00f8 eating scum !, 
  the treaty of 1658 was not only fair , but necessary . 
  as is the feast that is held there every year to celebrate the swedish victory . 
  as in the treaty of kalmar in 1613 , these are just momentary setbacks for sweden that will set the stage for a great comeback on the international scene . 
  there have been some high profile cases in sweden , mostly related to the privatisation of the elderly care . 
  mostly though , the corruption is in the form of future board member status ' in companies as well as dubious positions such as spokesman and never actually you know , doing anything . 
  the system is corrupt ( like all systems really ) , however , it is not corrupt in a way that hinders businesses to a great degree , nor is it a pervasive problem throughout society . 
  edit : spelling, 
  things are finally looking up !, 
  at least it 's a 100 % free to go to the sti clinic , and they hand out free condoms and candy :d fun anecdote , whenever one of my friends would get chlamydia it would take about 10-25 days before almost everyone who was singel in the group would have it as well . 
  this happened usually during the summers , and especially between july-june , a period that was forever come to be known as `` chlamydia season '' some of these people are lawyers with kids now . 
  versao `` light '' . 
  no offense to norweigians , but their food sucks . 
  still , they have brunost and other traditional things on their ferrys between fjords and islands usually . 
  as someone who has the same problem ( i think polish people think i 'm a gypsy ) i think it 's fine . 
  i even interrailed through the balkans without any trouble . 
  poland ... well ... poland is special , but i have never really encountered racism there though i 've only been to gdansk where there is a lot of international students . 
  interestingly enough no . 
  my point is that it 's a fuzzy term . 
  but that for me brazil does n't feel western , mostly due cultural divide . 
  ok , not only are you trying to be offensive but you did n't even read the thing ? 
  or even read what i wrote ? 
  how about you do that ? 
  in which sense ? 
  culturally , historically or geopolitically ? 
  i think that latin america has had a pretty divergent development in all of these . 
  when i say pan-western i mean that they share some of of culture , beliefs etc etc , `` western '' is a fuzzy term , some people see it as `` ooh you do n't think we 're developed '' but i do n't mean that at al , just a divergent development . 
  i know you are being an asshole , but still , i 'm half brazilian and lived in brazil and i have never really seen it nor latin america as western . 
  yes , they share some western ideals and values but it essentially it not a `` western '' . 
  it pretty much boils down to what your definition of `` western '' is , but geopolitically . 
  more like pan-western , but not really western western . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  not really no . 
  western for me is western europe or canada and the us . 
  i was at a rave in sweden a few months back , and not even the dealers accepted cash . 
  wait , where do politicians use money signs there ? 
  also : it is an awesome comic that is somewhat relevant to today 's political situation in the us . 
  i was more thinking about the fact that some russian nuclear powerplants have come under scrutiny . 
  also : the fact that they have a pretty bad track record with nuclear poweplant safety makes it better ( not really though ) . 
  ... not that much better ... still love the colour scheme !, 
  is that a nuclear powerplant ? 
  meh it 's all greek after a bottle or two . 
  1 ) for being the one of the most self-proclaimed `` people of the world '' , `` anti-nationalist '' etc etc my ex threw a hissy fit and a long stare whenever you criticized finland or finnish ways that had not already been criticized by my ex . 
  2 ) i hate going by ferry and i do n't like to get black-out-blitzed and i definitely do n't want to mix these two every month , my ex loved it . 
  3 ) made it seem like going to estonia to buy cheap booze was a tropical vacation . 
  4 ) impossible to talk to about feelings unless drunk , and if drunk enough my ex would start crying letting the heart pour out , only to deny it the next day and by saying `` aj hvas oan \u00e4j pl\u00e4\u00e4kk aut '' ( i blacked out ) . 
  5 ) loved kareoke , like japanese people love kareoke , while at the same time being probably the worst singer ever . 
  6 ) loved salmiakki to an uncomfortable degree . 
  loved the smell of tar in general , my ex even had a tar scented schampoo ... why god , why ?!, 
  we had a great time together but there were some big cultural and personal differences . 
  i do n't regret it at all , one of the best times of my life :d but seriously , never again / s edit : i 'm adding a / s due to a pm, 
   now , this friend of mine is always mortified about her weight and i know that here in the usa people would never say that to her ; but in the dr ? 
  people do n't have such inhibitions . 
  to use ebonics , `` they be all up in yo face ` bout yo business ''  you mean the `` i 'm good gift to women '' kind of aggressive . . ? 
  and what do you mean with `` more physical '' ? 
  somebody trying to steal a kiss or something like that . . ? 
  or just getting too close for your tastes . . ? 
  like trying to hold your hand , stealing kisses , not understanding when you want them to go away and expecting favours for the slightest little things . 
  like `` oooh i showed you my part of the city and drove you around , now how about a kiss '' , and you are like `` yeah no '' then they throw a passive aggressive hissy fit trying to guilt you ( again not all but it does happen ) and you 're like `` ok ... 
  i am going to leave now '' . 
  they are aggressive in the way that they know what they want and they 're gon na go with it , i meant it more like acting on impulse than belligerent . 
  they like `` the game '' and often interpret everything you do through that lens . 
  i call it `` the casanova and the grumpy ten year old '' act . 
  as for smaller towns being more friendly i think yes , again , in my experience . 
  but you are never going to get that american or canadian level of chattiness . 
  if you are alone somewhere or with a group of friends it is common for stranger to start chatting with you for a little while . 
  usually because there it is just great seeing other people than yourself .
