i think this is a bit weird way of looking at things . 
  let 's say someone keeps telling people that refugees coming to europe might be connected to isis . 
  nobody believes him . 
  then it turns out to be true and there 's a terrorist attack . 
  the guy who warned that this might happen is n't fucking happy that people died . 
  he knew this would happen . 
  farage was warning against supporting rebels in syria and eu told him to go fuck himself . 
  he was n't fucking happy because he turned to be right again . 
  no , it does n't . 
  there are two ways of looking at this issue . 
  1 ) women who wear skimpy clothing make men horny and unable to control themselves which then leads to them being raped . 
  2 ) women who walk alone at night and drunk should understand that their chances of being assaulted , sexually or not , are dramatically increased . 
  the first one is victim blaming , the second is not . 
  i knew this would be like talking to a wall . 
  if you leave your car unlocked and it gets stolen it 's partly your fault . 
  the thief is a dickhead and you 're still the victim . 
  we could argue that we should n't have to live in a world where your car gets stolen if left unlocked and i agree , we should n't . 
  but we should also be a bit realistic . 
  men are much more likely to get assaulted than women . 
  in a park or in a ghetto . 
  criminality is a problem . 
  assault is a crime . 
  sexual assault is a crime . 
  not a complicated concept , really . 
  and i 'm just curious - are you really czech ? 
  the way you phrase some things makes me wonder . 
  oh jesus , i understand non-czech speakers misunderstanding this but if you 're czech you 're either a special kind of stupid or as you 're doing right now - pushing a pro- ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ immigrant and of course anti-czech agenda . 
  the question was phrased this way : `` do drunk women share a responsibility for being raped if they 're drunk and are going through empty places alone at night ? '', 
  and czechs , who lack western feminist pc sensibilties of course say yes . 
  and i agree . 
  it 's totally different from saying that `` she was asking for it '' . 
  but then again amnesty are known liars and / u/lachtan probably has an agenda to push . 
  when i 'm drunk and going alone through a gypsy neigborhood i 'm very likely to be beaten/robbed . 
  was i asking for it ? 
  have i brought this on myself ? 
  is there a lack of a better judgment on my part ? 
  yes . 
  i said rarely not always and i judge from statistics i 've read . 
  i was talking about czechs , not gypsies . 
  that said , gypsies were trying to immigrate a lot but their numbers were n't that high , it 's just what media liked to talk about . 
  i do n't know about your immigrants but your gypsies are more numerous than ours . 
  also talking about people emigrating as `` export '' is pretty idiotic . 
   let them flee to western europe because romania forced you to open your borders to millions of gypsies . 
  oh wait , no . 
  it 's not , at least not for czechs , our emmigrants are very rarely unskilled labor . 
  czechs immigranting into western europe are usually well educated and do n't really need to beg for jobs . 
  and i 'm not saying this from an `` offended patriot '' standpoint , it 's simply a matter of fact . 
  also ... as far i know , it 's not the eastern europeans who are leading the crime in western europe . 
  it 's non-european immigrants . 
  you offended 200 million muslim indians . 
   eastern half of europe all my life , i know perfectly well about all the mentality archetypes that are present in ** your ** society yes , because eastern europe is one big society that 's basically homogeneous , yet more ignorance from you, 
  oh , finally . 
  the ever-ignorant misogynist easterns did something right for once !, 
  if you knew anything about my country instead of spouting your ignorant bullshit you 'd knew that a big portion of our populace would eat up anything west-related . 
  thankfully , this is changing fast . 
  do n't look at me , i upvoted it but i do n't understand it as well , i want more people to hear his thoughts so he does n't get elected again . 
  of course , our america-educated , progressive and feminist mr. dienstbier . 
  the full package . 
  `` you '' ? 
  are you some idiotic anti-czech slovak nationalist ? 
  wow , with people like you i feel sorry for swedish people honestly . 
  you 're so incredibly brainwashed . 
  lol !, 
  `` hungarians '', 
  or maybe removing kabab from the mediterranean ? 
  true , i should 've have used the the world `` liberal '' . 
  i meant the stereotypical europen political liberal . 
  no , what liberals want are liberal euro-muslims . 
  and liberals tend to be unable to critize a minority group even if it 's a religious one . 
  so i 'm just wondering how will they face this issue . 
  and have you seen [ black hebrews ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv8s_tkjohy ), 
  `` will you marry me and take me to america , please ? '', 
  my first thought . 
  let 's see how liberals deal with this one . 
  meet as in irl . 
  not on majority left-wing pro-eu subreddit . 
  well , that 's all you have to say , really . 
  communists . 
  people waving russian flags might be trolling . 
  if they 're not trolling then they 're just as silly as the ones with american flags . . 
  trust me . 
  there 's only one type of people in czech republic who would go and buy and wave american flag while the american army is driving through . 
  their sphere of influence vs. russian sphere of influence . 
  that 's about it . 
  we might acknowledge the `` good '' things they 've done but waving an american flag with all the things america has been doing for quite some time now is a bit too much . 
  i did n't expect any better reaction from you . 
  let me correct you however . 
  `` they are all brainwashed idiots , only you are a fucking airplane . '', 
  those people with american flag live in this delusion about america that never was and never wil be . 
  they only know about america from movies and other types of entertainment . 
  they know nothing about the stuff american government did and still does on daily basis . 
  that 's why i find it embrassing ... edit : hmm , the downvotes , american love sure is tough . 
  embarassing to say the least . 
  i do n't know what ford does but apple says how it is - `` made in china '' and `` designed in the usa '' . 
  standards do n't mean that romania starts producing products of the same quality as germans . 
  romanians might do some work but germans do the majority in these cases do it does n't really matter . 
  and stop being paranoid . 
  i do n't hate romania but it 's a fact that you and bulgaria simply took the prestige out of the `` made in eu '' there 's no reason for any other country besides the two poorest ones in the eu to over use it thanks to you . 
  i 'm just saying it how it is , no offense intended .
