  i 'd say someone who wants promotion ... 
  well they could do some paper magic and cause scotland to be the state successor state of uk . 
  basically if spain divided into catalonia and rspain , rspain would probably remain in eu with catalonia having to reapply . 
  but in uk case england would leave and scotland remain . 
  so bureaucratic voodoo . 
  you need to do more silly media crusades like ours german death camp thing it would probably work pretty well in here, 
  i apologise for the lack of ability to differentiate between romanian and roma for most landline owners ... 
  i try to educate as many people as i know of your heroic attempt at containing so many of them in your country :p, 
  good question ? 
  maybe our love for them americans ? 
  wow one of the most pro-eu reddits turned anti-eu . 
  good job germany . 
  russia would be proud ... 
  basically you are too small to deserve your own groups so you are grouped up with your neighbors :p, 
  we do n't use the fancy `` v '' ;d, 
  damn prussians taking away the best germans ; /, 
  only one letter of glorious poland ? 
  i guess at least the capital one , 
  by making it harder for them to intervene . 
  frankly i just want them so that they boost local economy . 
  if them germans do n't want us soldiers dollars then we would gladly take them in :p, 
  so was constantinople ... runnnnnn, 
  we need to protect our polish minority, 
  frankly if you can call austrian empire a thing commonwealth was also empire , bigger and also rather diverse . 
  do n't forget ussr was reading for spreading the revolution via not so peaceful methods . 
  just to make you look a bit less let 's say controversial . 
  i would add that africans are probably told quite incredible stories of `` paradise '' in europe by the smugglers, 
  they did it in [ poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_european_union_membership_referendum,_2003 ), 
  pretty much yes . 
  no / s, 
  obviously 1.8 billion ca n't get lost now . 
  like 1.5 billion at most ... 
  greece is still in nato, 
  their membership could probably be suspended . 
  damn it now i have to agree with a russian of all people, 
  you can always trade the iphone as its value wo n't drop that fast :p, 
  you have no idea how deep bottom can be , 
  they would n't cut off someones head if they did n't, 
  yea but even parasites are kind of `` alive '' feel so bad to type it ... 
  because they are alive ? 
  not human kind of `` alive '' yet but still ... 
  unless you think humans are the only alive thing on the planet ... 
  russian nationalism is heavily based on soviet times so pretty expected i would say, 
  where the hell is my flair ?? 
  religious people in northern europe ? 
  should have kept your capital in europe , just saying ... 
  you can it 's just rather stupid . 
  well they did not have soviets helping segregate them nicely ... 
  mmmmm blood sausage, 
  this joke is not funny , and this is my opinion , 
  it seems to be a joke !, 
  all people are ethnically african :p, 
  well komorowski did not promise anything near that level ? 
  kukiz also did not promise anything other the election thingy . 
  australia 9,008,500 km ^ 2 ; europe 10,180,000 km ^ 2 ha !, 
  you are the smallest continent !, 
  but what about the spiders ... 
  damn you im not included !, 
  there is this problem on the internet that it 's quite hard to tell if person is sarcastic so just in case use '' / s '', 
  he reduces number of conversion to atheism ... 
  hey , maybe he will turn into saint soon !, 
  everything possible . 
  and bandera only poles/russians  ofc stalin killed way more than bandera ever did or even could , but do not make it sound like he is completely innocent . 
   italians tend to regard eu politicians/institutions as more competent than their national ones same here really . 
  why ? 
  `` efficency '' is very rarely about workers not working and in vast majority of cases it 's about automation . 
  since high wages makes employing people in say germany to make shoes very expansive the process is either heavily automated or production is moved to country with cheaper labor . 
  well i tried to find it at the end of rainbow once but there was a street in a way ; /, 
  well now i do n't want to get in an accident even more - . -, 
  like germany ever cared about your [ opinion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_belgium ), 
  i see they really decided to use nord stream to bypass us . 
  are you accusing dear leader of being weak in math !, 
  do they even have a visa ? 
  or who the hell gave them one ? 
  or do i not know something ? 
  obviously it 's getting worse , every single day . 
  are you even polish ?!, 
  why though ? 
  putin ? 
  the less people live in a place the less likely it is to get hit by nuclear strike so yeah australia is pretty good . 
  i 'd say you are pretty safe if you move away from larger cities/military bases . 
  since the war would be over in one or two days . 
  just make sure to not be in any nuclear armed state, 
  short term very expansive but in the long term i 'm guessing the number of migrants will be reduced by it therefore costs should be smaller . 
  if they went to europe because more money then just ask them where are they from ? 
  ofc . 
  only if they do not face threat to their life in their country of origin , if they did then there is question why they have n't taken asylum in the nearest safe neighbour country ? 
  if they refuse to answer because more money in europe then just put them back in libya or other country from which they travelled to europe from . 
  ohhh than hitler did n't commit genocide anginst poles since he only wanted to kill half of them and enslave the rest i knew he was a good guy ^ ^ / s, 
  well to be fair exluding the thing about borders he is kind of right . 
  yea overthrown that silly libertarian guy let 's create true communist paradise !, 
  we do n't talk about this one ... 
  depends heavily on your location and your circle , 
  though think about this . 
  attack on finland would mean russia going nuts . 
  it would all hang on wherever uk/france would get involved as only those two together could hope to defeat russia not on their own land . 
  if those two would intervene then the rest of eu would also join in as it would no longer be suicide . 
  if for whatever reason they did not join in no other member would join in war that can not be won ( in that case victory could also mean draw ) . 
  therefore they would probably limit themselves to making finland/sweden drown in military equipment and a lot of `` volunteers '' . 
  just join the damn nato it does n't hurt i promise ^ ^ ^ tm,
