  kind of pointless then, 
  damn it . 
  some time ago i felt slight sadness each time i read headline like this and now i 'm like , spank me harder xd, 
  they practiced invasion of sweden ? 
  is n't that marketing ? 
  economists are obviously some kind of fortunetellers, 
  slavs can not be racist duh also something something tolerant golden liberty and commonwealth, 
  well actually if he lives in finland it will cost him more and more rubles . 
  but i 'm just being pedantic . 
  east poland does n't have london to look at, 
  you get it wrong you are not supposed to listen to people on tv . 
  they are only teaching you that, 
  i think they are on wrong sides cameron wants out so he sabotages stay campaign and boris want to stay so he sabotages leave campaign :p, 
  i think he is not stupid enough to think brits will change their mind only because of russia . 
  however as he is russian as such kind of authority on it he hopes to weight in on the debate adding one more argument for stay campaign . 
  just my guess though . 
  look in the mirror you blue eyed blond hunk . 
  whaaaat gay parade organised by far right ? 
  how does that even work . 
  its 25 in here and i 'm in the train dying please nordic send your wind, 
  look at any other trade negotiations done by eu . 
  probably the same . 
  polish expats ? 
  are you drunk . 
  obviously it applies only to anglo-saxons . 
  thing is people know teens are not mature from their experience . 
  you know they were teens themselves . 
  ha ha ha . 
  like they care . 
  send help pls . 
  well you could force your government to enforce the minimum wage . 
  heh sounds familiar . 
  we also had a madman at the helm of the second largest party , unfortunately it became the biggest . 
  wait . 
  there are multiple cities in san marino ? 
  til, 
  quick google says 680 eur . 
  from the perspective of poland its quite high . 
  ours is 460 eur in theory . 
  yes indeed russia got crazy on the street and someone has to stop it . 
  and since ukraine does not have the power and russia will it 's up to next person . 
  do n't forget the damned cyclists and their accursed vegan collaborators . 
  nato only triggers when country is attacked . 
  this will simply be advancing self-defense !, 
  why not ? 
  it would help everyone rise average in europe and in africa !, 
  win win . 
  look at timbuktu to see what happens to trade hubs once people can skip some intermediary . 
  to change constitution which blocks independence i think . 
  honestly i think rest of spain would allow secession . 
  see its german saying it , you get it straight from the source !, 
  uk france did nothing !, 
  dude germans have all your debts if you go puff so will their money . 
  beggars ca n't be chosers or at least it 's rude if they are . 
  that 's what my second world upbringing says . 
  or transparent adds that redirects you to 100 websites on a mobile . 
  but this time you can blame the entire thing on turkey !, 
  just start blaming all refugees on turkey . 
  its pretty easy to spin it . 
  ok , if you find jagie\u0142\u0142o and not some elected peasant . 
  otherwise shhh it 's polskawealth time . 
  fair enough . 
  biggest group of english speakers in eu will be germans so we should rename english to new-german or something . 
  and each of them speaks only one language , that just might make me use a tv, 
  come on be a little scared !, 
  if even you are not scared then nobody is . 
  wilno rightful polish clay and all that . 
  you do know that eu army will have germans ? 
  do you really want to have your bicycles near them ? 
  i disagree asia is peninsula of europe . 
  greeks named both and they are from europe . 
  nonono you need three countries to partition it 's not cool otherwise . 
  similar name casus belli is pretty good one . 
  honestly i have hard time believing this i do not know a single person irl in favor excluding me and i live in rather progressive area for poland, 
  i do n't get you . 
  i worked for certain jewelery company and i would n't buy their stuff . 
  is n't the point of two years timer kind of this guillotine though ? 
  i mean if you negotiate for two years then withdraw the entire thing and re-trigger a50 again few weeks later it would be super easy to exploit . 
  thats usually , `` its not biding referendum , parliament will kill it ( maybe ? ) '', 
  i think you ca n't stop a50 once triggered . 
  yea but as in the article this is not great option as for example that would recognise tons of eu agencies as having last call on some topics or other influence on uk . 
  so you have to do a lot more then that . 
  so you would be part of happiest country in the world ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / joke, 
  i do not understand your point , im fairly certain hungarians in hungary did not emigrate anywhere . 
  if you asked for opinion people who actually emigrated well that would be quite the hypocrisies . 
  nooooooooooo take warsaw with you we do n't want to stay with eastern poland, 
  rather if they attack romania we or baltics are next in line so no point in waiting when it favours them . 
  that would be more likely reasoning then solidarity unfortunately . 
  do you think that russia could risk not responding if us congress declared war on them ? 
  so western europeans are better `` masters '' then russians that 's all i 'm getting from your comment, 
  would it be really a surprise ? 
  its ok poland , baltics and probably whatever is left of ukraine will help you, 
   al agent its not accident that i would be worried about but someone stealing it or even agents selling it . 
  one hidden person could go rogue president or whoever with a button can not . 
  except for those to be used you basically need to give a single secret agent a hidable container . 
  a container small enough to be hidden by a single person can be opened by unauthorised people . 
  yes . 
  that 's why eu military is unfortunately going nowhere . 
  now im sad .
