  under germans/teutons for 274 years . 
  i 'd say kind of strong claim . 
  agree though that we have no business in kaliningrad currently expect dislike of border with russia . 
  if anything is to be done about kaliningrad i 'd vote for it 's independance :p, 
  dude fall of some big american banks caused huge mess in 2008 i believe ? 
  do you honestly think if eu goes down uk wo n't be screwed anyway ? 
  stop he is most likely trolling and you are biting it . 
  to say the truth after stalin did ussr annex any part of other country ? 
  genuine question, 
  well i never posted in polish and / r/poland  . , 
  partitions in 1733 ? 
  are you really a kurd ? 
  are n't vast majority of kurds sunni of which iran is not a fan ? 
  god damn you !, 
  one of us , one of us, 
   it would we way better for them if they simply wanted to be a part of europe . 
  no shit . 
  having russia as normal country would be so sweeeet but let 's be real . 
  not happening in the next 20 years, 
  except they did multiple times ... 1713 , 1733 , 1945  it 's almost as if that was the past . 
  what relevance does it even have any more ? 
  is kind of right today russia is no tsarist russia nor soviet union but the same applies to poland, 
   still better than the eu who see you as a buffer for russia . 
  nope  if you think average westerner will care about poland you are wrong no clue do n't care  but believe me average german/dutch/french doesnt care about poland and sees you as '' just another eastern european '' . 
  we kind of are eastern european  also funny how you dont care about being a province of germany-french dominated eu but are very '' independent wary '' when it comes to russia . 
  this country was a dog of ussr for 50 years so it was time for change anyway and we are far better off under germany france, 
  in defense maybe ? 
  as in fight to a standstill no victory for sure, 
  will i agree with you that rising military budget anymore is not necessary i would still think that as long as it 's not more than than say 2.5 % it 's ok going for 4 % like russia would be stupid, 
  so give the 10bn $ dollars we spend on military to us as a bribe to help us since we can not help ourselves could work probably . 
   3 in military spending in the eu what max 5th italy , uk , france , germany all spend far more on military . 
  it seems spain also spends more on army so 6th actually https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures, 
   opposition to the will of central europe no this part is totally ok with this :p, 
  like anything more than 500km away :p, 
  do you really want a movie about american winged hussar ? 
  greeks now in eastern europe poor people, 
  you sir just made my day ^ ^ your logic is so amazingly flawless ^ ^ / s, 
  it 's not a duck therefore it 's a human ? 
  lol, 
   frankly i do not think there is a single oil rich country that had some kind of huge shift in government norway system had no large shift since it became oil rich . 
  it got independent in 1905 way before oil and even before that it had a lot of autonomy so it had same system in place for a loooong time . 
  frankly it probably would if there was some kind of revolution or a coup :p not that i think there will be one, 
  and italians 2k years ago ruled half of europe ? 
  so what 's your point ? 
  times changed just because some kings/nobles 500 years ago in here were more progressive than their neighbors does not mean anything right now . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_crusades https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusade_of_varna, 
  are you sure it 's ok to do that ? 
  do n't you like lose your citizenship for it ? 
  frankly i do not think there is a single oil rich country that had some kind of huge shift in government and ended up in `` good '' situation . 
  such a heavy concentration of country wealth in a single industry just lends itself very well to causing huge corruption . 
  here is my idea . 
  could somebody that 's not biased like me poke holes into it ? 
  eu military divided into 3 categories local guard - a variant of current national armies controlled directly be local government used to counter controversial situation like russian hybrid warfare and aiding police force defense force - df - branch of military responsible purely for defense with near 0 power projection capabilities . 
  e.g german armed forces expeditionary force - ef - optional branch countries can chose to opt into responsible for power projection on the world stage . 
  entire army composed around navy e.g. 
  us navy split of funding if opted into ef 0,7 % gdp for df 1,0 % for ef 0,3 % for local guard if opted out of ef 1,7 % for df 0,3 % for local guard procurement of equipment is issued jointly according to state contribution . 
  r&d is done on eu level with all personnel working on r&d taxed average eu inc taxes on eu level , ( back to eu budget ) while production is done esa style . 
  meaning if say france gives 100 eur on armed forces and estonia gives 1 eur say jet fighters would be produced in france while say bulletproof vest would be made in estonia . 
  other solution would be for co constant part of budget could be for constant part of budget to be dedicated to r&d . this way we have two branches of military one purely defensive and one with offensive capabilites avoiding antagonizing pacifist countries like ireland , germany . 
  defense force would consist of personnel from each participating country and actual defense would be fully automated . 
  ( no way of not defending participating countries and all their territories ) expeditionary forces would consist only from volunteers from not participating ( basically cream of the crop soldiers that volunteered ) and remainder ( and bulk ) of personnel would be from participating countries ( no irish dying for mali ), 
  why ? 
  it 's optional if you country is `` neutral '' it does not need to participate and will be funding defense instead . 
  as let 's face it without blue water navy defending land outside of europe would be impossible . 
  meaning french guyana and whole lots of islands would be lost instantly without a way to retrieve them . 
  so denmark , netherlands , france , spain and portugal would need to be on board for it if they wanted to participate at all . 
  also without long range supply capabilites peacekeeping missions line in somalia and mali would be impossible . 
  there you go . 
  i was bored : eu military by plan of me divided into 3 categories 1 . 
  local guard - a variant of current national armies controlled directly be local government used to counter controversial situation like russian hybrid warfare and aiding police force 2 . 
  defense force - df - branch of military responsible purely for defense with near 0 power projection capabilities . 
  e.g german armed forces 3 . 
  expeditionary force - ef - optional branch countries can chose to opt into responsible for power projection on the world stage . 
  entire army composed around navy e.g. 
  us navy split of funding if opted into ef 0,7 % gdp for df 1,0 % for ef 0,3 % for local guard if opted out of ef 1,7 % for df 0,3 % for local guard procurement of equipment is issued jointly according to state contribution . 
  r&d is done on eu level with all personnel working on r&d taxed average eu inc taxes on eu level , ( back to eu budget ) while production is done esa style . 
  meaning if say france gives 100 eur on armed forces and estonia gives 1 eur say jet fighters would be produced in france while say bulletproof vest would be made in estonia . 
  other solution would be for co constant part of budget could be for constant part of budget to be dedicated to r&d . this way we have two branches of military one purely defensive and one with offensive capabilites avoiding antagonizing pacifist countries like ireland , germany . 
  defense force would consist of personnel from each participating country and actual defense would be fully automated . 
  ( no way of not defending participating countries and all their territories ) expeditionary forces would consist only from volunteers from not participating ( basically cream of the crop soldiers that volunteered ) and remainder ( and bulk ) of personnel would be from participating countries ( no irish dying for mali ), 
  i for one tend to blame it all on putin instead of russia because i want to believe russians are normal good people and all bad with russia is putins fault . 
  i 'm fairly certain that usa 's alliance with monaco would be most powerful in the world if nato did not exist ... 
  without usa we will be lucky to stop invasion on vistula more likely oder ... 
  three words : when pls help, 
  to get into eu faster naturally !, 
  ye damn the basques, 
  so in a way swiss siege themselves ? 
  was n't it the same in poland ? 
  ha 38 % here is majority, 
  he 's not welsh you racist . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  until eu rules apply . 
  after that it will be like champagne and usa, 
  people stop buying food ? 
  more like 13-14th century, 
  was n't it fifty fifty ? 
  damn false advertising . 
  i have to get through at least 3 more years of this shit . 
  damn it elder scrolls 6 i could really use you right now . 
  they were invited ?
