  depends on location and size of the apartment i guess ... 
  i could see merkel winning a fight but will she be fast enough ? 
  i mean she does not seem to move around very fast ... our army , pm and president will hold putin off for maybe a day or two . 
  i realy want into reich now ... 
  no no no not roll over and die . 
  just do not take vanguard . 
  do not get ahead of the pack . 
  why no polenreich ... its so humiliating ... 
  hmm thats the same as me pretty much . 
  we are so fucked if he will come here . 
  yea but you know sometimes i would like our politicians to take more of a back seat . 
  they have all the cities, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antemurale_christianitatis spolier 120 year after poland was no more, 
  all history, 
  yeeey let 's become a bulwark of europe again it went so nice the last time ... 
  rome , georgia , usa ? 
  if it was 80 years ago i 'd trade germany for estonia any day but now ? 
  meh estonians are too imperialistic and aggressive compared to current germans :p, 
  surely turkey would n't want them inside their borders if they saw them as some kind of threat . 
  they would either jail or deport them . 
  is n't it what he said ? 
  he does not mean conflict as in war , but rather the thing that our main opposition party see 's germany as almost as bad as russia . 
  get into conflict as in have sour relations . 
  already have one with lithuania/russia/belarus . 
  damn deficit of 98 % gdp would be ridiculous xd, 
   ~ ~ greece ~ ~ ~ ~ bysantia ~ ~ eastern roman empire , ftfy, 
  selling ammo to kebab so that kabab remove itself , genius !, 
  i attempted to watch jerry springer thingy ... 
  she looks like my former polish teacher , oh the nightmare ... 
  but eating cake and having it is a dream that everyone should aim for !, 
  lots of people speak english in poland let 's make it an official language !, 
  eez is exclusive economic zone i think :p, 
  how else should we call feta cheese ? 
  i think, 
  there is so much wrong with polish ... 
   we 're talking about ukraine here , not europe . 
  you mentioned europe ... 
  oh god ` though ' this word ... 
  some older folks still know it quite well . 
  well you now know food = / = food . 
  feta-like cheese :p, 
  ... yea sweden pls invade we wo n't defend this time ... but no rape and mass killings this time pls, 
  it 's further away from friendly border . 
  not to mention poland has very not defense friendly terrain . 
  excluding ofc . 
  the fact that roads in eastern poland are reaaaaly bad . 
  we should totally take berlin ... just because :p, 
  we make fun of their language all the time :d . they are the best . 
  im very pro eu and even i think that america would be the first to help ... 
  thing is when you get hit by lighting it 's either your own fault ( standing near metal objects during storm ) or otherwise we ca n't do much about it as nature does not think about killing people it just happens . 
  terrorsts on the other hand are humans like us . 
  for some ideological reason , they kill random people who in many cases never did anything against them in their life . 
  but yeah limiting freedom for all due to tiny minority is stupid . 
  well it would be nice for arabs to get their own local ww 1/2 in middle east . 
  would probably pacify them like it did europeans ... 
  but ... 
  but ... spartans ... 
  well they did want to shutdown gps so ofc they will get lost once in a while . 
  well romania did help poland waaay more then hurt it during ww2 so , good job romania !, 
  thanks to eu our sidewalks are n't gray or asphalt anymore !, 
  they lasted for 250 + years of polish rule and 150 + of russian and they are still there . 
  5 years without gas will be a walk in the park :p, 
  thing is neither west nor russia will allow ukraine to remain neutral anymore . 
  so it 's either go back to russian sphere of influence or get into eu sphere . 
  if your little brother drinks more than you you should be ashamed ... 
  well you need to drink something along with vodka ... 
  it 's actually quite popular here to get drunk with vodka and when you are hungover drink beer supposedly it helps . 
  poland is best catholic ... 
  in some cases even politicians can tell that something can hurt ` xxx ' people feelings e.g. 
  if merkel went to celebrate crimea `` reclamation '' day in russia . 
  how can some random person on the internet know what people in japan feel about it ... 
  well there would be a lot o jokes about germans and the situation for sure ... 
  poland also did and after having our industry f *** d for decade or so we ended much better off . 
  note we do n't really have much oil , gas or other high income resources ... 
  commie buddies :p, 
  well , unlucky ? 
  i do n't think that it 's russians fault how putin turned out ... 
  nationalism is you know , the easier option so many people go to it to explain stuff . 
  i chuckled a bit . 
  but yeah !, 
  you evil russian !, 
  free ukraine !, 
  we are not that against it , we would allow turkey to join when pigs start to glide * * without any help ofc . 
  no no they do that but they are n't ( at least in my experience ) asking them ( my sister ) to bear they children ofc . 
  when the friend is away ... 
  yes !, 
  our dear eurocratic overlords . 
  \u0141\u00f3d\u017a means boat in polish so i could see there being some issues :p, 
  ahh famous castles of zprzwzykszwzrzksyzcykrzrwyzkjzwykzy you forgot . 
  i think its more about romania ... 
  come to poland we do n't have many non-white people :p, 
  well some muslims give them bad name ... like the one hitting on my sister while having baby and being married to her best friend ... 
  fries only with ketchup . 
  potato + mayonnaise is a sin . 
  warsaw is kinda sucky , just average big city . 
  well for lithuania we are forced by nato to defend them anyway , so even if we had to finance the entire thing it would be beneficial , as in the case of war there would be less poles and more lithuanians to die for their country ... as for ukraine the stronger pro-west ukraine the better for us . 
  normal russians would be plugged out of the internet . 
  professional troll would most likely be still plugged in to spread misinformation abroad . 
  mazowieckie definitely stay in . 
  warsaw is the london of poland ( sucking up the economy of the rest ) .
