  well good luck forcing our government of any global warming action without eu . 
  so while it 's true that poles are more conservative than dutch/french eu is slowly causing people to become more and more progressive . 
  he had bad luck with making babies if memory serves right, 
  well the idea is nice just the execution is shit, 
  here you go https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_polish_divisions_in_world_war_ii ignore september 39 ' thing , poles fought with russians/americans/brits / french and in underground resistance i 'm 100 % sure they could find a group that fits their ideal for the future of syria, 
  if only i could buy some good finish phone ... r.i.p nokia, 
  we are jezus not victim :p, 
  if you hover your mouse over his flag you will see `` monako kurwa '' therefore he is from monako, 
  probably . 
  but i 'd rather have more precautions than less, 
  http://cdn29.se.smcloud.net/t/pics/2010/07/07/k6_komorowski_pb.jpg how could you not trust him . 
  also just noticed he got rid of his mustache so that 's probably why he lost, 
  so blame croatia which is the only eu country that was significantly affected by those yugoslav wars . 
  so sorry but that does not work . 
  im sure people in ee would gladly help if you had sustainable ideas but ` accept everyone ' is just messed up, 
   tide of filth no need to go that far ... 
  something something leave eu :p, 
  frankly our ex-president had ~ ~ 60 % trust before he lost election, 
  jews , russians , germans , political left , opposition and heathens they love usa ofc strictly following all the teachings of the church so no homo, 
  you ca n't but it 's translation is ~ ~ correct and it does seem like a legit polish middle school notebook, 
  they are still kind of there, 
  really ? 
  because sure i 've seen some statistics about it but never saw anything about it in polish media, 
  hahaha no not really he did help it continue for so long but he did not start it and neither did he help create isis . 
  also i 'm pretty sure most us presidents would have done more or less the same, 
  its so awkward when someone sits next to you ... 
  there was a story somewhere where some local church got everything for some syrians christians new flat , job , covering living expenses and schooling for kids all with the blessing of local population so no hostiles . 
  they were gone few day after, 
  to post-communist poland ? 
  average salary like in their own countries of origin ? 
  hahahaha, 
  probably our glorious korwin-mikke follower . 
  do not even attempt to comprehend . 
  well frankly eu is not very important to them germany , france , etc are important but eu is probably just annoying intermediary, 
  well yea but ffs if you were raped like her you would want to forget as soon as possible but due to polanski flight you had to be reminded of it by media for 40 f ***** years . 
  well the victim herself wants the case to be [ droped ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/roman-polanskis-rape-victim-samantha-geimer-fights-for-him-in-court/ ) continuing it against her will is just silly . 
  `` geimer 's attorney , lawrence silver , argued in front of california 's second district court of appeal for an end to the 32-year-old case , thursday dec. 10 , saying geimer has repeatedly said she wants it dropped '', 
  well it 's the truth he represents a minor part of polish society ~ ~ 4.6 % on the other hand your guy is part of ruling coalition . 
  do your really think that this part about it being his private opinion can not be cut off and spread all over media ? 
  it 's just silly to publicly state your private opinion as a vice chancellor ( or any other high office ) if it contradicts that of your government especially in foreign countries . 
  either that was changed or it 's not an option everywhere . 
  but you could get screwed by not attending . 
  4 years ago i had a 2 hours window in school before ethics or had them at the same time as math which is ridiculous . 
  since i needed 50 % attendance . 
  hmm now that i think about it ... well take his money but not his media coverage ? 
  take away money from donald trump and you get korwin mikke, 
  i can bet my pc that they wo n't get majority :p, 
  annoying thing about them is the name though i mean we have both partia razem and polska razem which is confusing as hell as one is left wing and the other is pis offshot ... 
  poland will sacrifice itself and take all those evil american bases :p, 
  if you live there you know too much about it :p, 
  well as you said why would russia buy foreign weapon when they can make their own ? 
  ignoring ppp thingy your forgetting russia makes most of their own weapon while ee buys them . 
  inferiority complex ? 
  to what ? 
  hahaha, 
  you 'd be lucky to see it now over 1000 years ago they were far more common, 
  so if you put rocket engineers and astronomers together they will invent new energy source ? 
  or are you gon na force those people to change their science discipline . 
  poland does to, 
  germans claim him . 
  are you really that much of an ass hat to take both of our most famous people ? 
  do n't you have like legions of those let us keep him and curie plz . 
  well you know why he no longer lives here !, 
  he is not good catholic like all of us . 
  obviously they lag behind a `` bit '' tech wise but i still think that the sheer amount of their equipment ( nowhere near as old as nk one ) would tip the scale in their favour . 
  you are forgetting that they did modernize a portion of their army to modern standard . 
  also nobody wins mad scenario its draw at best the thing is france has no capacity to wipe out all of russia while russia could wipe out entire france . 
  so that 's pyrrhic victory in my book :p, 
  well back in the day when ussr was still strong the us bore way less of the cost of nato as % than it does today but from what i know the treaty is still the same even though their share increased significantly . 
  if you include all of their forces even ones not in europe than most likely they are the most powerful at least vs any 1 state . 
  lukashenko pretty much single handily rules belarus yes ? 
  but most of their military would in the case of conflict join russia -  lukashenko is not stupid enough to do anything to oppose putin directly ( saying his against crimea is not really opposing him ) so they would not need any coup the threat of it is enough to make lukashenko look another way or support putin . 
  as i said before it 's purely theoretical and i 'd sooner expect getting hit by lightning than russia invasion , so take it for what you want . 
   not to mention it does n't make any sense for russia to grab poland . 
  crimea has a strategic value for them . 
  those georgian territories never joined and hardly more than a protectorate . 
  poland has no value at all , it 's no 1939 anymore . 
  simply grabbing as much land as you can will not benefit you in any way . 
  agree here but why would belrus help russia ? 
  they are like crimea before it got annexed 90 % of their military leadership would desert to russian side day 1 . 
  either that or they would n't have a say in the matter . 
  it 's not like putin cares about lukashenko opinion . 
  add to that 416km from belarus border and include the fact that baltics would fall veeery fast so another 103km and supplies to kaliningrad . 
  but ye almost no way war is happening so kinda pointless really . 
  well yes but if google will not alter its strategy and get android banned in eu ( they wo n't let it get banned ) like you suggested they will not only lose eu `` clicks '' they will also lose companies that paid them for adds targeted at eu users and those are worth far more per capita than those for developing countries . 
  also i 'm pretty sure click from china is worth less than one from us due to localized adds . 
  android user in western europe is worth far more than one in developing countries . 
  since he spends more on apps and they get more money from adds targeted at him and so on . 
  since ruber gave good reasons for why i 'll give a pessimistic one . 
  you get pretty much the same punishment for crime here as in western europe arguably worse because of shitty prisons . 
  but especially in mugging you can get way more money from western europeans . 
  hey we would hold on longer than iraq i think . 
  but that guy tin foil is rather strong . 
  we can kind of guess ;p, 
  so what non-democratic country is usa is allied with ? 
  excluding ones who sit on ridiculous amounts of oil . 
  apparently we have some kind of stockholm syndrome towards you ? 
  ok you reduce spending below 2 % gdp and we will too, 
  no way they would join it : / though it depends on what germany offers them it would probably have to be ridiculously lopsided in our direction for them to accept germans . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_gda%c5%84sk since 997 gdansk was owned by poland for 642 years , under polish noble for 67 , kind of independent for 36 years .
