  why ? 
  people like lotteries maybe it could be them tomorrow !, 
  fact is its not the educated class that has a problem wiith eu but lower and about to be lower for which erasmus does absolutely nothing . 
  also old people i always forget old people . 
  problem is countries that are super fans of usa and take their defense seriously are in the way of any potential invasion . 
  thus the `` ungrateful '' part of europe is safe as long as the gratefull part is protected by us . 
  making me a millionaire would cost all europeans only 0.01 euro and one time only :( (, 
  russia is not middle europe poland is the most centralest country of europe . 
  fair enough . 
  no its not australia is smaller . 
  so what you are saying is western europe freeloads on security provided by eastern europe ? 
  damn leaches !, 
  dey took our umm tanks ? 
  sure if they want to spend 20 % of gdp on military i 'm perfectly ok with it . 
  all countries doing that are so well off . 
  i 'm fairly sure none of those were invented by greece . 
  you are just the first ones to lastingly record those achievements . 
  also using achievements of your ancestors from 2k + years in the past is the weakest argument there is excluding maybe `` but he did it too '' . 
  even worse . 
  russian majority province with important military base/port ... 
  easy solution , build a ton of comie blocks . 
  there is no person on this planet who would travel to see comie blocks . 
  ok . where did that come from . 
  i can feel for the family back in germany , that is pretty much the worst news i could imagine getting `` your daughter run away from home has joined isis and killed people '' . 
  like can you imagine how would you react to news like that ? 
  holy hell . 
  while i agree there are crimes that would warrant death penalty . 
  i disagree that it should be ever implemented . 
  death penalty is irreversible as such potentially innocent people could be executed not to mention `` inconvenient '' people framed into crimes they did not commit . 
  yes , i 've allowed myself to look through you comment history . 
  i can see why you would get warning . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i think you might have shifted from another universe . 
  i 'm fairly certain it was the same year ago . 
  working with french is such a paaaain . 
  i write email in english to person i know for a fact knows english and get a response in french . 
  they write to me email in english i respond in english and the next one is in french like wtf . 
  is n't doing business in crimea illegal due to sanctions ? 
  oh god i hate the music coming out of my polish neighbors apartments . 
  and the drilling ... god damn it learn to drill !!!, 
  drilling for three weeks few hours a day is not normal god damn it !, 
  probably a silly question but are n't those sanctions bundles together with ones for iran ? 
  eu - `` this is so ridiculous it has to be some cunning ploy ... '', 
  i do n't , i find it absolutely illogical and ridiculous . 
  however , i 'm not about to start arguing with ultras that they are saying basically the same shit as nazis to learn if they are aware of it and how do they rationalize it . 
  well not that i advocate such rude behavior . 
  but i think it has to do with that drunk guy simply being , well ... drunk . 
  if a drunk people like this usually target people who stand out ( like people speaking in foreign language ) and uses what little knowledge and stereotypes he knows of that country or ( or whatever country that drunk think that person is from ) . 
  its the same shit as with drunk brits insulting foreigner on the streets calling them job thieves and such . 
  actually , rather likely judging by the few i met . 
  majority of prussia including its largest city lies in russia . 
  kalingrad oblast is pretty much rebranded prussia . 
  that 's why i said actually reformed . 
  with at least `` normal '' level corruption and one that gave up on trying to subdue their neighbors against their will , is willing to cooperate and negotiate , with manageable crime and so on . 
  granted that 's pretty much fantasy scenario but if it miraculously happened i do not see why they should be kept out of eu , and even then it probably would take dozen of years on `` good '' behavior before baltic 's and their ex-satellites would trust them enough not to veto . 
  i for one would love actually reformed russia in eu as that would pretty much guarantee no more conflicts at least on this continent . 
  of course he wo n't russia is in europe too , so obviously you guys will get conquered too . 
  are n't they in europe too ? 
  they will get rolled over by carpet of sultan no need for spying on fellow victims . 
  fair enough . 
  not us our grandparents and neighbors much better is n't it ? 
   all the women and poland would have been much better under nazi rule . 
  your logic is very strange . 
  because nazi genocides us we have to tolerate monuments to people who raped us and made us into their puppets ? 
  they go for raw pizza ?!, 
  barbarians !, 
  indeed . 
  but we have quite a few apples like that , this one probably is just rolling . 
  they want to remove tanks !? 
  there is one on the road to my aunt and i loved looking at it as a kid . 
  only pis is patriotic enough for pis . 
  they would love that sweet jobs though . 
  it did . 
  but it secretly enjoys it . 
  you want our 1 % to be only as rich as america 's ? 
  where is your patriotism !, 
  its unfair that they can read our stuff but we can not theirs !, 
  ok , i can guess about 10 % of this . 
  which is better then cyrillic i guess . 
  first step to mutual understating !, 
  if they put tariffs on it my wallet will cry out in pain . 
  no need to lose any more . 
  holy cow that 's sick . 
  i do know that our church also loves getting involved in politics and our priests also preach the `` evils '' of homosexuals , morning after pill and abortion . 
  unfortunately i do no really follow what they are doing lately and my best source ( my parents ) stopped attending after our local priest started talking for half an hour during mass about how everyone who do not vote for pis is a traitor and will go to hell . 
  i 'm 100 % certain norway has 0 need to purchase us gas . 
  actually if you look at the chart poles are i 'd say more religious on average than most countries there and we are third place . 
  you mean gays are n't just waiting for someone to bend over ?!, 
  ^ ^ / joke, 
  central europe is only slightly concerned . 
  its literally their job . 
  what do you expect ? 
  from what i hear they make quite a mess right now . 
  we try to keep up it seems . 
  yes , but at least we are not the german option  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ its ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
  milder as in you do not need to worry about you shoes melting into sidewalk when you stop for 5 seconds . 
  can you reach warsaw ? 
  what a friendly person you are . 
  you do know that you can not fine a country . 
  well i guess eu can but good luck with that .
