  since it would be composed of nationals it would be slightly less controversial . 
  fortunately we found it before you barbarians, 
  wait . 
  how would such society work ? 
  if private property would exist hierarchy would sooner or later come into existence via wealth gap . 
  if people wealth was aggressively redistributed wouldnt that be communism in disguise ? 
  and if everything was `` common good '' then what is the difference between it and `` real '' communism ? 
  if your corporate tax rate will be lower then your trading partners you can be almost certain that this will be used on negotiating table to push some barrier to prevent firms moving their hq to uk . 
  essentially watering down free trade deal . 
  seru is a variant of word ser meaning cheese but that 's probably the joke ;p, 
  poor georgia ... 
  yes and we add ketchup to it . 
  like to alllllll originally italian dishes . 
  well if your state actually focused on trying to enter and fulfilled all the criteria instead of talking about fulfilling them . 
  who knows ? 
  i hope not . 
  the `` coup '' will be ongoing until gets gulen . 
  have you seen sweds ? 
  the do look good ... 
  or ship them to french guyana, 
  that means you are n't listening enough or you are lucky enough to live far away from those kind of people . 
  dude like all the people in poland have someone in family who fought nazis soviets or both . 
  its nothing to brag about, 
  fortunately there are 10m people in greece so 100s thousands is not enough to win , 
  and mexicans and brazilians are americans so what . 
  just like usa is called america , eu is called europe, 
  why it sounds like a great idea ? 
  i 'm fairly certain if anything french churches fund vatican not the other way around . 
  i doubt vatican subsidies them in any way . 
  but the idea that if you want to fund religion in france you need to obtain that money in france is a good one . 
  wait i have a brilliant idea how about a power plant running on towels !, 
  i 'm fairly certain it 's a renewable resource in croatia . 
  then pay us for you defense :p, 
  we are poorer . 
  yes . 
  if they give britain what they want/better then they had deal they will show that in fact they are useless . 
  if they can not negotiate a one-sided deal in this situation then even federalist like me would lose hope for this institution . 
  gestapo had better equipment so their murders were `` cleaner '' . 
  so in a way less brutal . 
  since brutality is usually gory stuff not gassing or bullets . 
  maybe he is going by surface area ? 
  that 's not a map : <, 
  in 19 th century it if you were lucky enough to have nurse you usually were sick enough that you could n't move . 
  so yes back then you 'd have to hire twice as many female nurses . 
  now you have way less sick people treated in hospitals wheelchairs and tons of other equipment to make sure you do n't need to hire big guy to carry patients . 
  hey 0,1 is a lot, 
  nah they will just move to another country, 
  it would be way easier to spin it the other way sorry, 
  not as cool as fu ## n battleships though, 
  soo make sure that is only one rome i 'd say russians and turks are in the way for that ... 
  sure and there is no difference between life and death, 
  judging the fact that poland which has wages ~ 4 times lower then pre fall uk can barely compete with china . 
  they have quite a fall ahead of them if they want to take jobs from chinease . 
  so a concentration camp ? 
  sorry had to . 
  ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ hurt ^ ^ ^ me, 
  well at least only pins now since the nail want to leave, 
  the doors to eu are open already i doubt even after exit they will kick people who are already residents . 
  i mean i can understand most of them but luxembourg ? 
  wtf, 
  what about eu team in addition to national teams ? 
  i am not very emotional person . 
  nope , bur i like you less :p, 
  so i am to bite my tongue and bootle it up ? 
  nah i 'll just be angry on the internet for 2-3 days till some good jokes about it start coming out . 
  nah you should vote for what is best for you . 
  just allow us to be angry and salty . 
  well i leaned that lesson on our last elections . 
  and drinking sparkling wine does n't mean drinking champagne sure it 's correct but in reality everyone 's says it 's champagne even if it 's not form champagne . 
  same is with europe the terms are pretty much used interchangeably now . 
  not only uk economy will hurt due to brexit . 
  sure it will hurt us less than you but that does n't change that due to your country my country is expected to lose 1 % gdp . 
  so dick move . 
  dude if you leave a club you made with your `` friends '' do n't expect them to not any offense . 
  especially if they created dozens of exceptions just for you . 
  meh he has no power so who cares . 
  if eu council says no he wo n't be able to so anything, 
  can you imagine living on basically a big rock without ability to get off it without visa ? 
  we ca n't do x because isle of man forced us ? 
  neo nazi magazines are pretty advanced far right i 'd say, 
  dude it 's literally called `` greenland '' ? 
  can you imagine more prosperous area ? 
  no brits would die for gda\u0144sk :p just poor eastern europeans, 
  meh just make it so that every member state have to agree about declaring war and you get the same . 
  more like so they can put evil germans and `` arabs '' on the same side for ` murica to shot, 
   appease the commission i love how you said that . 
  for some reason it makes them feel almost useful, 
  do you think migrants want to be stuck in greece ? 
  sooner or later they will learn that at best they 'll get to greece through this route . 
  and they will stop coming en mass . 
  i stand corrected for your first point . 
  as for doctors and engineers i wo n't even comment . 
  just here to point out there are 2.4 mln eu citizens in uk and 2.3 mln the other way around . 
  i have to say after reading '' uk will leave eu '' articles for so long part of me kind of want you to leave . 
  so thank you uk for volunteering to becoming our guinea pig . 
  we did !, 
  in 18th century and in 19th we were so good in it good luck finding us on a map !, 
  we used their princess !, 
  more like mieszko did but still . 
  hobbit policy works as long as you have not one potential enemy around ?
