  and easily 80 % of host country population is more then fine with it . 
  but they have quite real price for average tax payer . 
  military suddenly becoming active is never a good sign for the future . 
  in ideal scenario they should always be ready and have the same level of activity unless they are reading for an actual war . 
  would n't you be a little worried if even your own country military got suddenly super active ? 
  am i the only one who think it looks cool ? 
  maybe just pre ww1 era fan in me is taking over ... 
  nope . 
  there are various shades of shit lol . 
  catherine the great for poland dude ... kant is not great but still . 
  sort this list be poland and laugh about the amount of nazis . 
  i accept von braun though . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they most likely will just never take it off the list or just have it as neutral language . 
  the part about ireland is true . 
  why not have a different language if english is already official through uk . 
  ahhh it would be glorious , the mental image if security did not let may into a building . 
  good name , grand army of yurop sounds fabulous . 
  i apologise for this shamefully joke i will stand in the corner . 
  what happened with trojan horse after siege of troy was over ? 
  end the world , since the second us declares war they have only one way to a draw at best . 
  and victory would be impossible . 
  which nations in eu started a war after ww2 ? 
  `` defense '' of colonies does not count, 
  i would be total ok with german rearmament , rather please germany go wild with your defense spending . 
  polish gov was ready to fight in iraq or afganistan all it would take is make it worth it , exactly like what everything works in eu atm . 
  also setting a precedent of not helping each other would be really bad fo eastern europe so i doubt it would be us breaking off . 
  there would be a ton of grumbling thou :p, 
  because it 's far to easy to buy off some small members to grind the entire thing to halt while it would be far harder fo superstate . 
  see hungary ireland or current polish gov. 
  russian , corporate and usa puppets to a degree ofc but who knows in the future, 
  it 's to prevent ex colonial powers from using nato when their colonies are attacked or break off . 
  hawaii is probably just a unfortunate casualty . 
  maybe maybe not , unfortunately i do not expect anything awesome from our government in the next 3 years ... 
  i 'm trying it 's not easy ... 
  yes low pound is `` good '' for the economy but it also makes you poorer . 
  it would n't distract anyone if it was n't . 
  smokescreen is the fact that they are not gon na go through with it . 
  they wo n't get any money out of this one , while they probably will our of lm helicopter deal or covering failure of previous public tv chief and replacing him with another one of their guys . 
  it 's dickish smoke screen they want to cover other shit with the most controversial one and backtrack after a while . 
  naturally it was not catholic enough duh, 
  naturally . 
  you should not talk bad ( truth ) about an ally and huge trading partner but none of those apply to russia so fortunately at least in one thing our politicians can speak truth . 
  uhm ekhm yes nobody here says gays will burn in hell ^ * wipes * ^ * sweat *, 
  frankly it 's even worse then you say . 
  but if i had to play devil advocate i 'm fairly certain if the same question was about american drone bombing program you 'd probably find this 20 % support and it 's not that much better then suicide bombing ... 
  brilliant idea if you think about it . 
  i ' f you hide you nuclear bunkers under cathedral by dropping a nuke on it they will declare war on a god !, 
  lol, 
  in culture nope in people yes . 
  think about how much a bitch it must have been to supply it !, 
  * pointing to the one next to it * . 
  oi there 's already one . 
  they practically live underwater . 
  no luck there sir . 
  you probably could but then again . 
  i doubt there is nothing reu could do to exclude you , like passing stuff on national level to hurt you till you tap out as our politicians could spin your mass vetoing like there 's no tomorrow . 
  think about this if you were in ukranian parliament would you really dare to start a brawl if klitschko was there ? 
  but i agree with general sentiment , i would pay a lot of my money to see him smack some politicians xd, 
  us budget is with similar economy size what 4 trillions usd ? 
  meaning over 20 times as much so yes it 's tiny compered to the fact that you have to spend it on so many things . 
  ( 500,000,000 people . ), 
  impossible germans were on vacation during that decade and the next one . 
  and leaving warsaw with east poland alone ?!, 
  i demand re-redrawing of the borders !, 
  hmm . 
  kind of reminds me of glorious days spent on reddit of most esteemed unicorn capital the world , you capitalist pigdog . 
  dear leader protects . 
  best korea and evil capitalist pigdogs you mean . 
  netherlands and holland . 
  they accepted it and so will you , 
  genius . 
  im sure those sunni immigrants would love to get saved by iranian boat, 
  i propose french guyana that 's kind of island ;d it 's population density could use some work, 
  im atheist pole that never drinks alcohol . 
  civilised countries always do that with police or special police . 
  why do you think eu would be different ? 
  norway never joined and they pay . 
  nobody knows what outcome car crash will have but people can more or less guess . 
  other then that naturally you are correct uk will accept things as long as it sees benefits outweighs the cost . 
  that 's why my guess there will be a second referendum when deal is more or less finalised to push responsibility on people . 
  do you consider our ultra catholic government left wing ? 
  because they are currently on their way to biggest deficit in poland history . 
  not because of the rules mind you , we just do n't trust those fu *** rs in cars . 
  i can only really speak of poland since one of my professors was a lobbyist . 
  you basically invite them to ridiculously expansive restaurants , golf courses offer some expansive tickets to legoland for their kids send some 99 % rabats to their wife . 
  offer to help with problems . 
  try to be super friendly . 
  naturally he would not share some more shady stuff if there is some . 
  people usually use / s in here, 
  it would probably work kind like european commission . 
  higher leadership ( generals and higher ) will be promoted by european council/commission/parlament . 
  the fact is if poland will try push promotion of someone germany would not like i doubt he would go though . 
  influence is a thing and only morons ignore people who contribute the most money . 
  another thing is equipment just like with esa if you contribute x - some % of it would be sent back to that country in weapons contracts . 
  i think it would have to be 3 parts army 1 . 
  mandatory defense force 2 . 
  expeditionary force countries could opt out from in exchange for higher contribution to defense force . 
  national guard kinda thing that would essentially function as national armies using common equipments and less heavy staff . 
  it would also be used in controversial situation ala russian hybrid warfare .
