  but the goal is usually to sell products to the entire eu and not to the uk locally . 
  pretty much all major countries have some blood on them . 
  japan , china , france , uk , poland , ukraine , russia , turkey , spain , italy all killed others via some form of genocide/torture/enslavement do this excuse us ? 
  hell no but still compared to others theirs track record is not that bad ... 
  but then they are pretty new around here :p, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor yea america was bad to south americans but russians you know ... 
  katyn was during a war and therefore before alliance !, 
  see russia is better ally !, 
  to say the truth i think poland should invade finland :p ^ and ^ then ^ be ^ anexed ... 
  yea it would be great . 
  such a pity germany wo n't do that . 
  soon ... 
  albania got candidate status so no , maybe sealand ? 
  you brits are worse then cats ca n't even decide if you want in or out !, 
  do n't look at the curve , look at the table :p, 
  what 's this rome stuff you germans are talking about ? 
  i propose poland flat everywhere , cheap , no natural disasters and lots of room for it , also no scandinavian cold :p, 
  you guys are leaving so you ca n't name our toy !!, 
  yes qe causes more money and higher investments therefore inflation as people do not produce more and there is n't realy more land and as companies are n't realy keen on raising people paychecks . 
  -  less money for the people -  more competitive economy devaluation on the other hand causes money to be worth less instantly and more controlable but it straight away cut into earnings -  less money for the people -  more competitive economy of course there are exceptions to those cases and it 's rather simplified but both of those have pretty much the same function decrease people earning and attempting to woo business to move/create jobs here . 
  both are n't really great for average joe . 
  http://www.quandl.com/oda/gbr_pppsh-united-kingdom-share-of-world-gdp-based-on-ppp that 's why . 
  also look how russia treat ukraine that have less then third of their population and compare uk to brazil/china/usa / india do you seriously think that you are able to protect your interests ( maintain/increase your country wealth ) while negotiating with countries 4-15 times your population ? 
  right now you are way richer then those countries but as this graph shows uk like the rest of the europe relatively small nations will over time fade into irrelevance . 
  there 's also finance industry that london i big on i hear which im sure your corporation would love to get euro as it would eliminate the need to lose money on exchange as significant part of eu finance industry is located in uk . 
  you do know how devaluing currency works ? 
  let 's say you earn 300 $ and after the government devalue your currency by 50 % now you earn 300 $ but you can buy half as much for it . 
  good luck to government that will try to get re-elected after devaluation there is a reason why the us opted for quantitative easing . 
  european dominion :d, 
  no no not spend money , take your jobs :p, 
  i can but personally i want a different name because united states of europe does not sound very good bleh . 
  i do n't want to die for poland too , that 's why if eu had some kind of real common army russians would n't dare to attack as it would be pretty much mutually assured destruction . 
  an i do not believe that sikorski is stupid enough to attack russia . 
  i mean god if he did attack russia that would be the most retarded thing ever . 
  besides oppose = / = war you probably heard about cold war ? 
  no no do n't hang them ship them somewhere else like to some gypsy camp i heard that your gypsies are pretty good at dealing with those kind of people . 
  polish - a substance used to give something a smooth and shiny surface when rubbed in . 
  / / i just always wanted to point that out :p, 
  how so ? 
  he does not seem to like cameron and mainy his anti-eu stance . 
  but i fail to see how he would `` lead europe to war '' . 
  well to be fair even though we wo n't have to to the `` heavy lifting '' it will be poland that will be leveled to the ground . 
  but then any real conflict is pretty much impossible . 
  if this is the extent of the corruption in current government they have my vote :p, 
  democracy !!, 
  none ? ... 
  but some people in poland distrust germany for historical reasons . 
  but i have no idea why they think germany wants our clay now . 
  but then again crazies are everywhere . 
  well thanks to them i now know who to vote for . 
  i mean if this is the best they could get on them then people in this government are some kind of saints . 
  i expected those tapes to be about defrauding money and huge bribes but they were lackluster really . 
  i would n't call that a master i mean poles are one of the easiest nations to troll :p, 
  would be nice , but somehow i have no faith in my compatriots . 
  judging by the way things are going right now i doubt it . 
  they see themselves as some holy cows . 
  well nato itself is n't bad he just says that usa is an unreliable ally , as they are n't really threatened by russia but im pretty sure that finland that is pretty much as exposed to russia as poland would be forced to react :p . as such x number of potential victims is better than if they were fighting separately . 
  i think he 's trolling , judging by his comments . 
  wait is n't that the way it works ? 
  you vote for the people in a party and those elected people chose the prime minister which is then confirmed by president ? 
  or something like this . 
  kind of a bummer realy . 
  i 'm really bad in the catholic thing . 
  also not a fan of john paul ii but pls put me on a stake . 
  he 's extremely liberal borderline anarchist darwinist ( as in weak/sick should die ) . 
  compered to other right wingers he 's not really against homosexuals and atheist as such he 's `` just '' of the opinions that if you do n't fit in society you should be executed . 
  he 's stance on homosexual 's is something like if your not in your face stereotypical homosexual ( like the ones in russian propaganda ) he does not care same goes for atheist so he 's more of extreme right-wing anarchist hybrid . 
  but still im a slightly socialist so by he 's standard i should be hang so ... 
  i think he actually believes that seeing as he says the same stuff for like 20 years . 
  i thought that vladimir zhirinovsky was the crazy politician in russian but i guess that they found another one ... 
  nope he 's a local joke , he 's party got ~ ~ 7 % in european parliament elections . 
  fun facts he supports death penalty says woman want to be raped and overall crazy person oh and he want to institute monarchy . 
  basically there 's nothing that unites a nation like a common enemy . 
  so by provoking hostile replies from eu and west overall they can strengthen their own propaganda that creates the image the putin protects russians from hostile west/eu/usa . 
  and they also shut down any sympathy for people that see russia as being culturally european rather then their own culture or want to apply western model of government in russia, 
  well what exactly is this `` free pass '' you speak of because poland get 's quire a lot of flak from eu for coal use so i do n't see it not to mention what would you do about it impose sanctions on poland ? 
  that will only make it worse and cause euro-skepticism to rise possibly making poland leave the eu and then good luck making them change their energy policy . 
  i do no think it is `` poland and it 's energy use thread '' from what i see it 's poland want energy union with eu thread so your offtopic anyway , 
  have n't seen any change yet or even have n't heard of any change in poland of course something will possibly happen sooner or later but then a car could hit me tomorrow . 
  and then if poland ceased the use of coal/gas and needed to use energy that are accepted by you i know for a fact the the country would be fucked up . 
  then hate on luxembourg they have over 250 % of poland emissions per capita !, 
  leave polan alone , poland poor , invest in eastern polan :p, 
  i 'd say expecting a country to fuck up itself and it 's people for the sake of other people is even more illogical . 
  hahaha i think you misunderstood it 's not so much about paying for gas together but negotiation together we negotiate a price of say 300 euros and the each country pays that price for its gas by itself . 
  and we import together so instead of importing 5 +10 +30 separately we buy 45 together and ofc each country pays for its slice . 
  http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/portal/page/portal/product_details/dataset?p_product_code=tsdgp410 go ahead we are lower in co2 emission the germany , belgium , norway , finland so i would n't say it 's that bad :p, 
  pretty much , it 's about creating consumer monopoly or rather by reducing the number of potential consumers and increasing one consumer share in the market you can reduce the profit margin . 
  well switching from coal to what exactly ? 
  gas is no-go as anti-russia ( putin ) sentiment is off the charts in poland . 
  one nuclear power plant is in planing stage and is expected to be operational by 2022 . 
  there are n't many good locations for hydro power and the ones that are inplace are already in use . 
  wind is used and is expanding fast but it 's rather unreliable supply as there 's no good way to story surplus and the same goes for solar for which we do no have enough sun for it to be good not to mention the last two are way to expansive especially since most of the electric infrastructure in country is like 35 + old and need repairs . 
  so they decided to for now invest what they can in renewables and nuclear and replace existing coal plants with new ones that cut the emissions which overall sounds like okey-ish plan to me . 
  basically something about warning parents about : black clothes , metal , techno , rock , gel on hair , bright color on the nails , tattoos as they are the signs that something bad is going on with your child . 
  well somehow i knew that it will be indonesia . 
  well it 's cheap but the pay is rather low compared to western europe countries . 
  so if your fine with 800-3000 $ a month by all means ^ ^ . 
  its getting better though . 
  why kill someone in your own backyard ? 
  if putin wanted to kill him he could do it anywhere , not to mention why bother killing opposition if you have 90 % approval ratings .
