  so capitalists make profit . 
  they only harm the people they are `` protesting '' for - the `` little guys '' . 
  ah , the good old `` what has the eu ever done for us '' rhetoric ? 
  i do n't really want to argue with people like you , since your kind simply dismisses every accomplishment as insignificant . 
  but if you really believe the eu has not cemented the peace in europe ... well , carry on and have fun . 
  and as every year those protestors will go on a rampage and cause property damage in the millions . 
  all in the name of antifascism and `` the little guy '' . 
  i could live without an reenactment of 1930-1933 , when idiotic nazis and idiotic commies clashed in the streets . 
  why do n't you guys just stay home and destroy your own property ? 
  would be a nice change of pace , wouild n't it ? 
  who says you are n't ? 
  according to ukip you 're a german colony . 
  like all the other eu states . 
  do you feel oppressed yet ? 
  sadly that wo n't be possible as he is not french . 
  just wow ... how comes nobody is talking about this ? 
  are the brits really keen on having us-conditions ? 
  i 'd rather block porn than have the police be privatized . 
  oh wait , they already did that , did n't they ? 
  i still do n't understand what may 's objective is . 
  does she believe leaving the eu will improve her country ? 
  does she just go along with it because it 's kinda popular or does she just want to see the whole world burn ? 
  would you point out the flaws for me ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong here . 
  right . 
  greed vs. 
  nationalism . 
  totally different . 
  i 'm all in favour of free trade . 
  but the fact that mineral water is transported halfway across the globe to be sold in china sounds ridiculous to me . 
  she can throw polls and referendums all she likes . 
  that does n't change the fact that you ca n't stay in the single market without staying in the eu or going norway 's way with the association . 
  which basically is eu membership without voting rights . 
  going for a `` soft brexit '' is little more than giving up any form of say in the eu . 
  the russian minority in the baltics . 
  other than that ? 
  i do n't think `` a lot '' fits . 
  that 'd be okay , if you lived in the country you are `` loyal '' to . 
  but that 's seldom the case with turkish nationalists who live in europe because it 's better than their poverty ridden dictatorship , but still dream of a reinstatement of the ottoman empire to kick the heathens asses . 
  of course you do , mr. norge . 
  yeah , give credit where credit is due . 
  but fuck this warmonger . 
  you know , some people like to make silly jokes . 
  that does n't make them dumb . 
  i too like to joke around when it 's too cold about how the global warming never helps when it counts . 
  and yes , i know the difference between climate and weather . 
  that 's why it is just a damn joke . 
  wasnt the fascination with buckets a bolognan thing ? 
  and why would i ever need to know that ? 
  if you want to communicate you 'll form sentences , so there 'd be some sort of context . 
  context is way more important for communication than the actually used words are . 
  oh , i 'm aware of that . 
  but not only would a too strong euro hurt us . 
  we 're so heavily dependent on exports within the eu , if we lost access to half the market , we could just as well call it quits and drop a few nukes here . 
  there 's actually quite a few people who want to shrink the eu down to germany , austria , france , benelux and scandinavia . 
  you know , take the most successful parts , ditch the rest . 
  but that 's such a horrible proposition . 
  the eu is not about fucking money . 
  i do n't mind having my taxes fund infrastructure projects in romania . 
  on the contrary , i want to help fund them . 
  a stable and healthy romania will make europe a better place . 
  and i 'd rather have that than nationalism . 
  we 'll just form frarmany and start a new union . 
  with baguettes and sauerkraut . 
  without buzzkills like the uk or hungary !, 
  and then we 're going to conquer them anyway . 
  i mean , that name fucking sucks . 
  i 'd rather have the eu back , even by force . 
  which idiot came up with it anyway ? 
  not in my book !, 
  eh ... maybe it is ... yeah , had my terminology in wrong order . 
  i meant english and dutch of course . 
  kinda obvious i guess . 
  italy ? 
  no , the obvious one is neptune . 
  mark my words , neptune will be the second country to leave the eu . 
  that 's actually something i pondered over for quite some time . 
  it does n't make any sense to capitalize nouns . 
  we 're basically teaching kids they have to use the upper case for no reason at all . 
  the western germanic branch does n't do this and fares quite well . 
  how much do you get for a comment nowadays ? 
  i might try it myself . 
  insulting the most profitable companies in the world , while talking up a lemonade stand like tesla does n't sound too hard . 
  you may want to read the conclusion again . 
  about how china does n't go all the way . 
  you know ... unlike north korea . 
  which is , like , 100 % 1984 . 
  and this is related because ... ? 
  even one of the most depraved nations with fetishes i could n't even come up with , were i paid to do so , censors porn . 
  you may not display uncensored genitalia in japan . 
  but it 's okay to display little girls , incest/inbreeding , tentacles at whatnot as long as there is a mosaic to cover the vagina/penis . 
  he was one of the reasons all that rivalry bullshit in europe happened in the first place . 
  if anything , i 'd revere the guys who actually sat at table and tried to make europe a better place after wwii . 
  they 're the true heroes . 
  not some warmonger who lived 1200 years ago . 
  wait , how can it be the best , when there 's no deus vult involved ? 
  no , but they can dismiss it as propaganda . 
  western capitalists trying to destabilze their country . 
  to a certain degree they want them to read `` controversal '' stuff . 
  it makes fishing for dissidents easier .
