in an ideal world there would be no religion . 
  heh , of course my standards have risen now with a steady and well paying job . 
  but that does n't invalidate my point . 
  if you have to , you can live _ comfortably _ with as little as 600 $ . 
  you just have to know how to manage your money . 
  heck , i lived off of 600 $ during my college days and still had enough money to hit the bars every weekend . 
  you do n't have to buy a new smartphone every 2 months ... 
  so we 're measuring the size of capitals in tallinns now , right ? 
  madrid is 7.5 tallinns in that case !, 
  damn , i love the dude already . 
  who 's that anyway ? 
  now that 's more like it . 
  why do we post pictures of rooms no one ever uses instead of the `` real '' thing ? 
  this picture shows what a library is about : reading . 
  and not some useless clutter . 
  those pompous libraries seem really weird to me . 
  what 's their purpose ? 
  there 's no tables , seats , aisles or anything you could read in . 
  if you just want to store books , you could do it in some cold , dry storage room . 
  this is how a `` national library '' should look like : https://www.deutschland.de/sites/default/files/styles/stage/public/article_images/pimg_174026_gedaechtnis_der_nation_1_nationalbibliothek_a.jpg?itok=11ijnby5 filled to the brim with reading people . 
  those are our stereotypes !, 
  buzz off and grow your own !, 
  and then we 'll come knocking and `` unify '' the continent in earnest !, 
  ~ ~ in eastern poland ? ~ ~ in western russia . 
  a lot of things , actually . 
  the usa 's system was solid for hundreds of years . 
  but we do n't live in those times anymore . 
  it 's time to buckle up and renew the nation . 
  yes , instead you get a guy in charge who has lost the popular vote because votes from wyoming are worth 3.6 times as much as votes from california . 
  also , parliamentary systems are way more democratic than the us fptp system ever could hope to be . 
  not only do you have weighted voting , which alone would disqualify new democracies from being called as such , no . 
  you then also proceed to basically invalidate every single vote that was n't part of the majority . 
  the electoral college and fptp system are relics of the past , that the usa refuses to get rid of . 
  nah that 'd be `` erstes heil '' . 
  heil erstmal can be translated into a casual `` heil first '' . 
  and i 'm not going to include that ridiculous `` smiley '' . 
  except they do n't . 
  they vote for the electoral college , which in turn elects the president . 
  so tell me , how is this in any way superior to our system , where we vote for parties which in turn decide who gets to become chancellor ? 
  oh yeah , it 's not . 
  because we do n't discard over 50 % of the votes . 
  yeah , you 're tired of it . 
  but your government is n't . 
  the us has bases around the world for a reason . 
  and that one is not altruism . 
  europe does n't have to be defended against russia . 
  we do n't need your bases in germany . 
  but your government wants them here for geopolitical reasons . 
  now you 're telling us we should pay for your post-imperialism ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  your governments have defined themselves by geopolitical interests for half a century now while internal issues are quickly swept aside . 
  how about you start electing people who want change instead of useless ranters who ca n't even bind their own shoes . 
  it does n't matter whether it affected the election directly . 
  the gop held both chambers hostage for the last years of obamas presidency and blocked most of the stuff he wanted to do . 
  sadly , this was then attributed to him and his party . 
  gerrymandering affects _ everything _ in the usa . 
  and it 's a pitiful thing to do . 
  i mean , why are n't americans outraged by this ? 
  they are actively robbed of their vote . 
  fptp+g errymendering logic . 
  you do n't lose if you get to make the rules . 
  it could 've been the other way and still be just as fucked up . 
  fptp is simply a terrible system and not really democratic . 
  it 's subtle brainwashing . 
  all hail our glorious overlords !, 
  who totally are not germany and france !, 
  okay , i missed that one . 
  got a source ? 
  eastern spy . 
  what a sorry excuse for a ~ ~ politian ~ ~ human being . 
  what the world thinks about germans ? 
  well , they 're the most popular people in the world . 
  and have been , for decades . 
  also , i 'm truly sad you have to stoop to such a petty level . 
  but hey , more power to you if you think that 's the way to discuss things . 
  the freest possible trading aggreement would be equal access ... 
  yeah , i keep hearing about how the uk is the 2nd biggest contributor . 
  but that 's actually bullshit . 
  the uk would be the 2nd biggest were it not for their `` rebate '' . 
  the uk actually pays less than italy . 
  and far less than france or germany . 
  and while i never said they were `` mooching '' - i simply stated that the uk is being seen as a mooch by the other states - the rebate does indeed sit wrong with me and shows the british exceptionalism , that leads to a lot of resentment against the country . 
  equal access to the single market ? 
  which is , like , a huge deal ? 
  what did you expect ? 
  the last time such a `` split '' happened , it started a bloody civil war . 
  we 're unbelieveably civil about it . 
  there 'll always be animosity , especially when it comes to a member , that most other members thought to be a mooch . 
  so what ? 
  should the eu kiss the uks ass just to make it easier for you ? 
  yeah , no . 
  we have interests too . 
  and they 're quite a bit more important than how the british see us . 
  this is not how it works . 
  your farmers are losing their jobs , go bankrupt and you are willingly allowing a key resource ( food ) to be monopolized by a 3rd party . 
  this leads to unemployment and dependency on another country . 
  once they decide they want to sell the food for the regular price , you have to buy it , since you do n't have and agriculture left in your country . 
  i never said anything like that . 
  but you made it sound like those people converted willingly . 
  which they did n't .
