  and let 's them put blame on the west . 
  china is quite good at 1984 , but does n't want to go all the way like north korea did . 
  the commies ai n't stupid . 
  they know this would lead to a revolution . 
  no friend , cheap porn for the masses is actually an asset to every leader !, 
  only if written by state employees of course . 
  i did n't call you stupid . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i simply dismissed your argument as being stupid . 
  which it is . 
  terrifyingly so , as it tries to whitewash what a royal family costs your country . 
  they do not bring money to your country . 
  they cost you . 
  huge sums actually . 
  but you try to justify that with `` they make trade deals ! '', 
  i do n't mind other opinions . 
  as i said , if you think a royal family is a cool way to represent your country , be my guest . 
  i do n't really mind that actually . 
  what i mind is trying to talk them up with ... well , bullshit . 
  i 'm not insisting on anything . 
  you can call the polish monarchy however you want . 
  dictatorship , theocracy , democracy ... i do n't care . 
  it 's still a fact that kings do n't get elected by the population . 
  never were , never will be . 
  they 're called kings instead of prime ministers or presidents for a reason . 
  so much apologetism . 
  ceremonial presidents are elected and not mandatory . 
  there are countries without them . 
  but ... a ceremonial president is just 1 person you have to pay for the duration of his term . 
  a royal family is a huge web of people . 
  granted , not all of them receive money from your budget , but it 's still on a wholly different stage . 
  not to mention that they are in power no matter their qualifications . 
  which seldom happens with elected presidents . 
  `` they bring money ! '', 
  is terrifyingly stupid . 
  as if no one else would make trade deals . 
  as if you had no other people to represent your country with . 
  if you 're in favour of a monarchy , that 's your thing . 
  but justifying it with bullshit is cringeworthy . 
  on the level of trump supporters 4d chess cringeworthy . 
  so , if i found a new state where the president is elected by exactly 3 people , does that make it a democracy ? 
  in the end , there are elections ... nope , it does n't . 
  democracies that are not universal simply are not democracies in our time . 
  the term might have been used differently at earlier dates ... but nowadas universal suffrage is required in any kind of government that wants to call itself `` democratic '' . 
  otherwise you 're no better than the german democratic republic . 
  a democracy in name only ... 
  my encounters were an answer to your `` turks do n't get offended '' bit . 
  yeah , how is it not related when i say that they in fact do ? 
  anyway , i never said you were part of a hivemind or even a supporter of erdogan , his policies or denials . 
  i was originally answering to jsogy , who in my eyes inappropriately brought up this kebab crap . 
  you told me how i was n't impartial . 
  i simply agreed with you and gave you a reason for it . 
  how is that not connected ? 
  before then , yeah , i wrote quite much . 
  but it 's still part of the same discussion , if a bit lenghty . 
  point is : the meme is mostly directed at turks . 
  people simply associate kebab with turkey , not with bosnia . 
  also , discussions seldom keep to a specific subject . 
  if you want a monotoneous discussion , talk to a mirror . 
  there 's nothing wrong with going off track . 
  what 's your problem here ? 
  i 'd be impartial if not for erdogan and the islamization of your country . 
  before he completely destroyed the foundation of your secular state i was actually thrilled to see turkey become a member of the eu . 
  now i just hope this can be somewhat reversed . 
  but sadly , i doubt it . 
  and even then i 'd rather have you not join anymore . 
  what a load of ... first of all , it was n't used by serbs . 
  not during the war nor afterwards . 
  it 's an 2010-ish internet meme , which is based on a serb nationalistic `` song '' . 
  most people on the net do n't even know about bosnia . 
  nor do they know that muslims live there . 
  they use it solely for turks . 
  there may be some people who use it for muslims in general , but i 've never seen someone use it for arabs , iranians or pakis . 
  it 's almost always turks . 
  so there 's that . 
  also , not getting offended ? 
  turks have to be the most butthurt people i 've ever had the displeasure to deal with . 
  even trying to make a joke about them mostly ends up in a huge confrontation . 
  i have joked around with croatian muslims of bosnian heritage in germany . 
  they simply countered in the same goofy way . 
  when i tried that with turks , they threatened me with violence . 
  this would be anecdotal , had it happened only once . 
  but it 's always the same . 
  the national pride of turks is just ridiculous . 
  even though they do n't live in turkey because they have it way better here , they still idolize their erdolf . 
  in the end i 'm just pissed when turks try to point their finger at others , while still denying the armenian genocide and eagerly lifting their right hand for erdogan , who 's about to commit a new genocide . 
  this time it 's the kurds and secular turks . 
  reading this is quite depressing , actually . 
  we should isolate the shit out of saudi arabia instead of pumping billions of euros into their fanatical dictatorship . 
  never heard of it , hands down . 
  had to google it just now . 
  it may not be forgotten , but it is not widely known beyond your borders , i guess . 
  oh please . 
  `` remove kebab '' is aimed mostly against turks , which are not considered european by those who joke about it . 
  i doubt anyone is joking about this massacre . 
  also , i seriously despise your attempt to depict your country as a victim in a thread like this . 
  turkey alongside austria and to a lesser extent hungary is the very reason the balkan is fucked up as it is today . 
  she did n't bamboozle anything , as the cdu is a christian party only in name . 
  you could call it the conservative party instead . 
  quite a few members of the cdu are actually atheists .
