  just because we let the people vote directly ? 
  we 're fighting democratic votes all the time . 
  it 's called campaigning . 
  if you seriously believe that accepting a referendum that goes against everything you stand for is the only `` democratic '' thing to do , then you have n't grasped the basic fundamentals of a democracy at all . 
  democracy is compromise , discussion and yes ... voting . 
  but the voting should never be the major element of a democracy . 
  that cake should be taken by the discussion . 
  so we should highlight germany and france on eu maps ? 
  absolutely not !, 
  nobody wants that hideous and soulsqueezing font back . 
  99 % of the population would n't even be able to read it . 
  also , what does gbor even mean ? 
  it 's totally different this time , since there wo n't be a ~ ~ second front ~ ~ nationalistic power in charge !, 
  too little berlin it , i 'm afraid !, 
  and on puerto rico . 
  and on washington d.c. 
  they 've broken their `` founding principles '' in every way possible . 
  why not the prb axis ? 
  it 's catchy and easy to remember !, 
  no , that 's not what matters . 
  because being barely able to not go at each others throat is not the ideal . 
  should something happen to shift this even further down madness lane , a real war could break out . 
  far right idiot thinking he 's entitled to a `` pure '' eu , where only germany , austria , the netherlands and scandinavian nations get to be members . 
  well , that 's my take on it anyway . 
  well , the us has her terminology all over the place . 
  liberal being a substitute for socialist takes the cake however . 
  alt rights actually using `` liberal '' as an insult , even though the usa would n't even exist without liberalism just blows my mind . 
  you should hand out history books to those idiots . 
  i did n't say they were fascists . 
  but antisemitism was prevalent in all of europe except for the reformed christian countries . 
  `` jews kidnapped our kids '' was enough to get a pogrom in poland going . 
  no matter who instigated it . 
  it was still rural polish idiots who massacred those jews . 
  also , it does n't matter who the biggest dick was . 
  that 's not what i was going on about . 
  it 's just that whitewashing anyone is a bad idea . 
  most of the european nations were run by lunatics during this time . 
  we should be thankful europe turned out the way it did . 
  history certainly did n't make it easy for us . 
  we should always be aware of the fact that the outcome we achieved was one of the most unlikely given both world wars and the cold war . 
  well , he 's right , mate . 
  poland even annexed a part of czechia . 
  right after wwii there even was a polish pogrom . 
  just google it . 
  wwii was a nationalistic shitfest from all sides led by germany and russia . 
  this is actually stupid and should be worked on . 
  i mean , i get why you would n't want a strict zero rating policy . 
  but forcing it down on countries that want to roll with it is kinda unnecessary . 
  related to the link : do n't support the telekom . 
  they do n't deserve a single cent of our money . 
  so you basically want to live in the stone ages again just to satisfy your stupid `` i do n't want to pay for it '' mentality ? 
  well , i hear the sahara has quite a bit of space left to settle ... also , no : we did n't have police without governments . 
  at most we had idiots who went on to kill people they held responsible for something . 
  firefighters were also more akin to `` grab a few buckets and have the neighbours help you put out the fire . '', 
  which waste system ? 
  you mean that `` dump everything a few kilometres away . 
  it wo n't affect us short term ! '', 
  yeah , very efficient . 
  the roads were little more than trampled grass . 
  real roads were build with tax money . 
  or tithes . 
  your libertarian utopia sounds utterly retarded to me . 
  on a superficial level , yes . 
  leftists want more social security , more government spending for the people . 
  far rights want the same . . but for completely different reasons . 
  and only for their own nationality . 
  while the leftists think everyone deserves to live a decent life , the rightists use it to lure in people . 
  fascist soup kitchens did n't exist because hitler had a golden heart after all . 
  leftists might be idealistic goofs . 
  but i 'd take them over far right assholes any time of day . 
  seems like i did n't make myself clear . 
  i was talking about civilized societies of course . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  even the far left idiots are against religious fanatics . 
  what they 're not against however is people who want their beliefs to be taken seriously . 
  well , that 's still bullshit to me , since taking religion seriously is like talking about elves as if they were real people . 
  but it wo n't help you make a point by distorting the facts . 
  see , normal non-french people have eaten frog about 0 times in their whole life . 
  stereotype confirmed . 
  i know ... semicolon placement in english is borderline random . 
  the german system makes so much more sense . 
  even in english !, 
  so we should just do whatever russia wants ? 
  i mean , they could invade us otherwise . 
  alaska rightful russian soil . 
  well , you should tell those alaskans they have to pack their stuff and head south . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  a rewatch is in order i guess . 
  it still feels like a sitcom , though . 
  do n't worry . 
  i believe you !, 
  also , here 's a semicolon for you : ,, 
  right . 
  just like california or new york are ruling over the usa . 
  yeah , why do n't you try to troll in other subs ? 
  this is kinda annoying . 
  there 's always someone talking shit about someone else , because they think their group is `` better '' . 
  there does n't even need to be a clear distinction between those groups . 
  there 's plenty of guys in the us who think their state is so much better than the neighbouring state . 
  ny vs nj and so on .
