  you do get that without turkish imperialism , there would be no muslim albanians or bosniaks , right ? 
  are you sure you read the manifesto ? 
  because i just did . 
  how about this part : `` we will put a responsibility on industry not to direct users -- even unintentionally -- to hate speech , pornography , or other sources of harm . '', 
  other sources of harm are not defined . 
  it could mean just about everything . 
  this is how politicians work , mate . 
  being intentionally unclear is part of their daily course . 
  also , even if it was defined , may wants to censor the internet . 
  you have to be fucking nuts to be okay with this . 
  but keep on talking about how this is a nonissue . 
  yet those figures hold true for most nations . 
  tobacco is a multi billion industry that spans the whole world . 
  marketing was globalized decades ago . 
  eh , formalities . 
  the next generation can deal with this . 
  i just want to have a unified europe . 
  with or without europe !, 
  let 's just kick everyone else out and call ourselves eu . 
  it 's a win-win for everyone . 
  we can still be europhile and take a shit on everybody !, 
  not to me it does n't !, 
  not really . 
  we still have functional health care . 
  but our hospitals are being sold off to private investors and our nhs has had a 2 class system for like forever . 
  overall i do n't think we 'll have american standards any time soon . 
  but hospitals should n't be competing against each other , while exploiting their staff . 
  not to mention how a huge number of our domestically trained doctors moves away because the conditions they get here are ridiculous . 
  we in turn get the pakistani , indian or afghani doctors no other countries would want , while their `` good '' doctors do n't even think about moving to germany because most other countries offer them a better prospect . 
  it 's sad , really . 
  and then there 's the doctors in rural areas . 
  i live in a small community of about 4000 . 
  we have _ 1 _ doctor . 
  a 76 year old who had retired already but came back because there simply was no one to cover the hole he left behind . 
  once he ca n't practice anymore , we 'll have no choice but to drive 30km to the hospital whenever something happens . 
  well , that 's a problem of course , but we also have a high percentage of elderly people , who do n't even own a license . 
  practicing in a small , rural community is n't glamorous and never was . 
  that 's okay . 
  but on top of this , we also pay them like crap . 
  no wonder no one wants to do it . 
  14h + work days , patients who 're always complaining and want treatment even while you 're just trying to shop for groceries and barely any compensation for this . 
  glad to read this . 
  there are key industries and servcies that never should 've left public hand . 
  privatizing health care was to most retarded decision we made in germany since 1945 . 
  because you 're supposed to be smart people . 
  you pay millions upon millions to support a single family and let them live in luxury . 
  why ? 
  that was after 13 minutes . 
  the czechs formed their own g1 by then . 
  i read some turkish comments in that video . 
  should n't have . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  how in the world can you be proud of this ? 
  we pay like 50c for a litre of milk . 
  that 's ridiculous no matter how you look at it . 
  how dare you post only the image ? 
  xkcd without the alt text is like sex without the orgasm !, 
  i never said i was german , though . 
  being part of a society does n't make you take on the ethnicitiy . 
  croat living in germany . 
  i 'm very much part of the society , but i 'm not german . 
  hence `` we '' while i have a croatian passport . 
  i know the indian education ai n't the best . 
  but you can count , right ? 
  what 's 2017-1945 ? 
  that 's the years since the holocaust ended . 
  and now try 2017-2017 . 
  that 's the years since the last woman in india was burned alive by her husband because he did n't like the dowry . 
  btw : i 'm not even german . 
  i use this flair to reveal bigots like you . 
  congratulations on your bullshit bingo victory !, 
  to be fair , though ... your flag colours stand out in europe . 
  even germany has belgium as a backup !, 
  he 's not talking about sati , though . 
  that 's just an afterthought . 
  bride burning is alive and well in india . 
  hitler was austrian 2 . ), 
  i 'm not german 3 . ), 
  the us and liberty , it always manages to crack me up . 
  become a democracy before belittling other countries . 
  i never watched tv total . 
  but even i have to admit that his esc compositions were highlights . 
  he captured the spirit of this contest way better than those idiots who actually participate in order to win . 
  that 's exactly what the contest is about !, 
  remarkably bad , cringeworthy songs !, 
  you should learn from germany , my czechian friends !, 
  we realized long ago that people are stupid . 
  that 's why we do n't let them vote on actually important stuff . 
  even our argueably worst presidents are still proper statesmen because of that . 
  and i say that only half-jokingly . 
  okay , i 'm not joking at all . 
  direct democracy sounds worse to me than any dystopian fiction could ever be . 
  the main difference is that hitler and stalin had reversed roles . 
  stalin had to react , while hitler acted . 
  hitler did n't have to act , though . 
  he did n't have to order the holocaust . 
  he did n't have to order the attack on poland . 
  on the other hand , stalin had no choice , since he got attacked . 
  is he responsible for the victory simply because he was in power at that time ? 
  of course not .
