  it was the soldiers who fought on the battlefield , not some monstrous asshole who was in no way better than hitler himself . 
  saying that stalin won over hitler is simply degrading for every dead soldier and innocent civilian who died on both sides . 
  stalin did jack squat apart from living the good life and sending his own people to death ( labour ) camps . 
  so of course i can say that the soldiers repelled the nazis . 
  the su would 've won no matter who was in charge , simply due to the far greater capacities they had . 
  more men , more ressources and scorched earth . 
  and yes , the soviets would 've had a way easier time repelling the nazis , had stalin not killed off the red armies leadership . 
  it took the red army almost a year into the war to bring forth anything even remotely resembling a leadership because most officers and generals were simply green . 
  i thought about answering you in earnest . 
  this is just too stupid . 
  keep on comparing apples and oranges . 
  i do n't even care about football . 
  i just like to tease people about the stuff they care the most about . 
  if you want to pay me back in kind , just joke about germans having no humour . 
  because we totally have and you 're an entitled , ignorant and racist scrooge if you think otherwise !, 
  is this why china is part of europe now ? 
  okay , you 're officially on the list now !, 
  for fucks sake , why would you torture us with that melody ? 
  yeah , no . 
  quit dreaming . 
  stalin did n't stop anyone . 
  why are people always talking like that asshole was the reason the nazis were defeated ? 
  the soviet soldiers stopped hitler . 
  stalin was never in any danger and was actually responsible for the desastrous defeats of the soviets during the first stages of barbarossa . 
  stop confusing leaders with the people who actually got things done . 
  are they fucking mad ? 
  i 'm not all too big on memes , but banning them ? 
  fuck , that 's some next level idiocracy . 
  mate there 's a difference between common soldiers and the leadership . 
  i doubt that common german soldiers `` wanted to murder millions of eastern europeans '' . 
  wan na know what they really wanted ? 
  to survive a fucking war . 
  they were talking about georgia ... 
  i never said churchill was as bad or worse than hitler . 
  only that they shared an ideology . 
  which is evil enough . 
  i also hate how everything is always attributed to the rulers . 
  it was n't tutenchamun who built his tomb , but his slaves . 
  and it was n't churchill who kept on fighting during wwii . 
  that guy lived comfortably outside of london . 
  it was the british people who suffered and resisted the nazis . 
  it 's not those `` leaders '' that liberated europe , but the russians , brits et al who died in the war . 
  the only thing putan achieved was getting into power while the ressource market started booming . 
  he 's just as corrupt and incompetent as yeltsin . 
  but he has way better pr . 
  the enemy ? 
  what is this , cold war v2 ? 
  mate , you might want to stop deluding yourself . 
  we do n't consider you the enemy anymore . 
  if anything , you 're an annoyance with nukes . 
  i 'm still in awe about how many brits idolize churchill . 
  it 's the same as with russia and stalin . 
  the cult of personality is so strong , they simply do n't want to see churchill as who he really was : a racist prick who thought genocide was the right of the `` stronger races '' . 
  seriously , how is this different from hitlers ideology ? 
  revisionism ? 
  thanks , i had to go on and google that ... now i even know what naizuri means . 
  this is just like starting on a random wikipedia page . 
  you simply ca n't stop . 
  i 'm walking around wearing t-shirts at  0 \u00b0 c. 
  and i 'm definitely not freezing my ass off while doing so . 
  ~ 15 \u00b0 c is the ideal temperature for me though . 
  napoleon was n't small btw . 
  that 's just a myth , as he was 1,69 m tall . 
  nowadays that might be considered short in some countries , but back in the 18th/19th century that was even above average . 
  i 'll stick with the german `` gef\u00fclltes bl\u00e4tterteiggeb\u00e4ck '' . 
  yes , that 's a word . 
  and yes , it _ is _ pronounceable . 
  i seriously have to move to scandinavia . 
  we had 23 \u00b0 c today in germany . 
  it was awful . 
  i simply do n't understand people who want temperatures of 25 \u00b0 c and up . 
  are they all masochists ? 
  yeah , but it turned out that strasbourg just is n't a great location for the ep . 
  the `` trip '' is wasting millions upon millions on tax money we could use for more important stuff . 
  i 'm all for establishing another institution in strasbourg , but having the _ same _ institution in 2 cities is just madness . 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  we still have tons of institutions in other cities . 
  i doubt that frankfurt would give up the ecb for example . 
  there has to be a capital . 
  and brussles is a reasonable compromise . 
  that 's quite literally on the other side of the world . 
  how about mayotte instead ? 
  i would . 
  no matter how little i like her . 
  i even called her names on occasion . 
  but wishing for the death of another just because you do n't like their political stance ? 
  yeah , no . 
  we 're not living in the middle ages anymore , folks . 
  the next referendum is the chance to get your way , fight and campaign for it . 
  see , those terms are just interchangeable ... why should we vote in elections anyway , the turnouts will always be the same ... said no democrat ever . 
  why is it acceptable when talking about a referendum , though ? 
  had you held a second referendum just a week after the first , chances are remain would 've won by a margin . 
  now i 'm not saying that there has to be a second referendum soon or at all . 
  what i 'm saying though is that your `` remainers should just shut up . 
  they lost ! '', 
  attitude is not how a democracy works . 
  but that 's what every party does all the time . 
  just look at how trump promised to get rid of obamacare . 
  people voted and fought for him to overturn the democratic votes of the previous period . 
  why should this be any different ?
