  you 'll find the same behaviour in any other subreddit . 
  a reddit dedicated to the sitcom friends will include people who talk shit about the sopranos . 
  the wiiu subreddit will have people talking shit about the ps4 . 
  and so on and so forth , you get the idea . 
  that however does n't mean that the subreddit itself is all about it . 
  most people here take pride in being part of the eu . 
  just as i do . 
  i think that the eu is the best thing that could 've happened to europe . 
  and i think there 's glaring issues in the us that could be fixed by learning a thing or two from europe . 
  just like europe could learn a thing or two from the us . 
  that 's actually how most people here feel i 'd wager . 
  but that does n't stop the occasional oddjob to spout his nonsense . 
  anyway , those guys were simply joking . 
  the hell are you even ranting about ? 
  i just pointed out that the guys were joking . 
  nothing else . 
  the whole spelling thing did n't strike you as odd ? 
  like ... could it be fooling around and not some kind of eu nationalism ? 
  nah , that 's just silly ... 
  totally fake . 
  there 's green , blue and yellow in the picture . 
  finland is actually 70 % grey and 30 % dark grey . 
  uh , nobody said anything about this being due to massive emigration . 
  it 's simply the low birthrates . 
  western europe will decline even more than eastern europe due to birthrates that are already unable to sustain the current population numbers . 
  5.3 million by 2100 is actually a quite conservative estimate . 
  he said left , am i right ? 
  no , what you like is petty nationalism . 
  you do n't want to cooperate with others because you feel superior to them . 
  you do n't want to compromise with other nations because you feel inclined to get a `` better deal '' . 
  what you want however is a cheap scapegoat . 
  you found one in the eu . 
  everything that goes wrong in your country is attributed to the eu . 
  despite it being mismanagement , fraud or simply the demographics . 
  but it 's easier to blame everything on someone else . 
  once you 're out of the eu , everything going wrong in your country will still be our fault because we punished you or some other crap like that . 
  i 'd love a federal europe . 
  and i still do n't get why idiots make it out the be a bad thing . 
  i 'm living in germany , a highly federalized country . 
  hesse - a bundesstaat here - has more sovereignty over its own affairs than scotland or the midlands or cornwall . 
  so stop bullshitting yourself . 
  the uk is worse than a federalized eu could ever be . 
  are you serious ? 
  the goddamn name of your country is united kingdom . 
  it consists of at least 4 `` little bits '' . 
  now you leave the eu but say that those parts of your country leaving would be somehow different than leaving the eu and only possible by provocative moves by the eu ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  and grow a brain . 
  no , it 's not . 
  a good deal for the uk would be desastrous to the eu . 
  we simply can not let you have the upper hand , no matter how much you cry about it . 
  this is n't even animosity or contempt . 
  it 's just that you leaving the eu has to be shown as a wrong turn . 
  which it would be without any interference of the eu . 
  but it has to be shown more strongly . 
  therefore our negotiations stance must be borderline punishment . 
  the uk tried everything it could to keep scotland in the union . 
  even lies and outright threats . 
  the eu did n't resort to being that petty . 
  but we sure as hell wo n't hold your hands while you spit on everything the eu stands for . 
  good riddance . 
  well . 
  it actually got worse . 
  i ca n't speak for lund specifically , but i studied in marburg , which is similar in size ( 80k pop . 
  20k of those are students ) this was 8 years ago . 
  back then i paid 245 $ for a small room by the marketplace . 
  which was awesome because my street alone had 4 pubs . 
  anyway , i 'm still in contact to my old landlord from time to time . 
  the same small room has now gone for 400 $ a month . 
  which is just mindblowing for me . 
  and certainly not solely caused by inflation . 
  well , they had a positive budget last year . 
  now 'd be the time to invest instead of further austerity . 
  but that sadly wo n't happen thanks to our narrowminded financial `` genius '' sch\u00e4uble . 
  nah , we 're more into bdsm and kinda ... more ... vague fetishes . 
  you really think religion is about beliefs and not about politics on the higher stages ? 
  you ca n't really compare that . 
  marie le pen actually wants to follow in her fathers footsteps , while the fictional leia fought her father for years . 
  so the comparisson is actually accurate . 
  she shares her father 's ideology . 
  whereas leia fights everything her father stands for . 
  therefore i do n't think it 's fair to critisize the protestors for making that comparisson . 
  and yet it 's poor judgement on their part . 
  you simply should not judge people by their lineage . 
  this is where i make a joke about being offended by your claim that germans do n't have a sense of humor to show you that we actually have a sense of humor in an ironic way , right ? 
  i 'm too ~ ~ lazy ~ ~ meta for that , sorry . 
  ever wondered why people do n't like to talk to you at parties ? 
  well , your post here is your answer . 
  i do n't think this will account to much for workers in ireland . 
  if they see their living standards are dropping , they 'll want to blame someone . 
  and it 's easier to blame people you have a relationship with . 
  if anything , we should create backup plans for countries who rely heavily on exports into the uk . 
  the whole story of star wars is actually a novel told from the perspective of the terrorists who claim to fight for freedom and equality . 
  in the end they win . 
  that 's why they can tell the story their way . 
  turn it around and you have a story of an intergalactic dominion being sabotaged by murderers and smugglers . 
  tl ; dr darth vader did nothing wrong . 
  only for those they `` protest '' against . 
  the destroyed property has to be replaced . 
  so people buy new stuff .
