suvs and trucks are more likely to roll over , which is far more dangerous than a simple collision . 
  i saw a video on another sub of a mazda 3 t-boning a tacoma , the mazda acted like a wedge , throwing the truck into the air , spinning it around , and flipping it over into a bunch of stopped cars . 
  i wish more people understood this . 
  it 's nice that small cars are finally available in the us . 
  the festiva is one i would love to own ( but only in a manual ) . 
  start rally driving as soon as they can walk . 
  i guess i 've never seen that before . 
  what is the `` 100 miles - thingy '' ? 
  still no potato . 
  absolutely , culture is a huge part of how firearms , and lots of other things , are perceived . 
  the us still maintains a strong sense of the frontier spirit , individualism , and in many cases , a lingering distrust of centralized authority . 
  we do n't have easy access to assault rifles . 
  we have access to standard semiautomatic rifles that cosmetically * look * like assault rifles . 
  an assault rifle is select-fire and capable of burst or full-auto , manufacturing a new one for sale has been illegal for decades and to own one is massively expensive and takes a ton of paperwork . 
  the only way to make a new one is if you are a firearm manufacturer and are making a `` sample '' for testing and r&d , it ca n't be transferred and you have to have the correct federal licence . 
  what the media calls an `` assault rifle '' is functionally no different than most ranch rifles . 
  not taking a side here , just continuing the conversation : the problem with that comes with the second amendment . 
  because gun ownership is a right enshrined in the us constitution , putting those kinds of restrictions on ownership are problematic at best . 
  to give you an idea , consider taking another right , such as speech , religion , or voting , and applying the same standard . 
  in order to publish anything or go on a form of media , you need to be evaluated by a therapist , complete a class on rhetoric and discourse , and apply for a license . 
  same thing if you want to participate in a leadership role of your church . 
  you can see how people would balk at such an infringement of their rights . 
  we already had something similar tried with poll taxes and reading tests for voting - both of which were struck down as unconstitutional . 
  again , i 'm not taking a side right now , only drawing a comparison to other rights in the constitution . 
  the problem is that there is mexican food that is just inspired by mexico - chipotle is the most ubiquitous . 
  then there is * actual * mexican food , and you have to go looking for that in most places . 
  you need to find taco carts and small family-run shops that might not be in the best part of town . 
  chipotle is to mexican food as panda express is to chinese . 
  gun rights . 
  i will let you decide if it is `` better '' or `` worse '' . 
  you are arguing about ingredients , not dishes and talking about regionalization of foods when we have food from literally every corner of the globe . 
  if you are going to get that pedantic then the americas own all your potato , corn , and tomato dishes because they are native to us and not europe . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of ways to prepare food , and there will always be some overlap ; not everything that is breaded meat is schnitzel . 
  as for your critique of american food being unhealthy , i * sometimes * ( 2-3 times per year ) indulge in a piece of fried chicken ( ironically , it 's from a place called curry fried chicken that does a mean shawarma ) , that does n't make it a staple of my diet . 
  you are entrenched in this idea that there are no unique food offerings from the us , nothing anyone says is going to change your opinion because , holy shit , we did n't invent food and the food that is native to us you have decided does n't belong to us at all because someone else must have invented cooking . 
  edit : oh we also claim all your foods with beans and squash , along with blueberries , peanuts , chocolate , salmon , pumpkins , vanilla , wild rice , avocados ( which europeans called `` butter pears '' for some reason ) , and a ton of chili peppers . 
   and what is exactly unique in new england seafood ? 
  that you use more butter than any dish in europe ? 
  new england seafood dishes are carried and range from grilled , steamed , or poached fish to shellfish to baked goods . 
  also , have you ever had french cuisine ? 
  i do n't think the use of butter or other dairy is unique to the us . 
   what is unique in midwest steak and potatoes ? 
  that you use ( again ) more butter than any dish in europe ? 
  what kind of steak ? 
  how exactly does one add butter to steak anyway ? 
  oh and then there is the beef itself , corn fed lot-raised beef is different from open range grass fed beef . 
  you also seen to think that steak is limited to the midwest , the mountain states are the ones with the grazing to produce the best beef . 
  oh , and there is lamb too . 
  as for potatoes , there is a ton you can do with them beyond mashing or fries . 
   what is unique in oregon hipster stuff ? 
  that you use olive oil instead of butter ? 
  fresh salmon right from the run , crab , amazing fresh produce . 
  you are trying to homogenize a state that has both temperate rain forest and deserts that still qualify as `` frontier '' lands . 
  also , what is your fascination with butter ? 
  we are n't all paula dean . 
   what is unique in deep fried southern food ? 
  that you use canola oil instead of ... well . 
  i do n't even have anything stupid to say here . 
  which southern food ? 
  how about the variety of just bbq to start , memphis style , texas style , smoked , pit roasted , spit roasted , dry rub , saucy ... then there are the seasonings for everything from fried chicken ( yeah , there are fried foods and if you have n't had * real * fried chicken you are depriving yourself of a great pleasure ) to coleslaw and other salads . 
  the south ( which is a pretty damn big place , by the way ) also produces a huge amount of fresh produce , including , i 'd bet , a lot of the citrus that gets exported to poland and other european countries . 
  until you stop living in your stereotypes and looking down your nose , you wo n't be able to see what is really available . 
  all this is just a small part of us cuisine . 
  we are a huge nation with tons of influences from every corner of the globe . 
  some of the best german food i 've ever had was in a backwater area of texas . 
  the best chinese was in los angeles ( and that includes my travels to hong kong and taiwan ) , and the best indian is a toss up between richmond , california and utah . 
  east african food is delicious here , even in salt lake - which is just beef , burgers , and butter according to you . 
  all these influences come together to make something unique . 
  where else do you get peruvian chinese fusion ? 
  there are fast food burgers and then there are gourmet burgers that are actually good , bbq is an american original and there are several styles from different regions including dry , saucy , pit style , smoked , and all variations and combinations for every meat you can imagine . 
  cajun cooking you wo n't find anywhere else , new england somehow manages to put lobster in everything ( and i love them for it ) , meat from various critters like bison , deer , and elk do n't seem to be much of a thing outside the us . 
  in california there is a big focus on fresh vegetables and fruits ( put avocado on all the things ) , the pacific northwest is known for crab , salmon and native seafood . 
  pretty much everyone loves corn on the cob , whether is is boiled or grilled , yellow or white - i personally prefer the sweet white corn grilled in the husk with a little butter and salt . 
  hawaiian food is american and includes everything from spam and rice to the most delicious pit roasted pork you can imagine . 
  the fluffy ice cream as you now know it was perfected by america along with the ice cream soda , ice cream float , ice cream cone and ice cream sundae . 
  just because the us is huge and full of influences from around the world does n't mean there is nothing there that is original . 
  edit : autocorrect, 
  that 's a bit like saying sushi is the same as paella just because they are both seafood . 
  riots/protests in france ? 
  is it tuesday already ? 
  i was debating whether or not to post it at all . 
  the only other post i 've made here was asking about the street food scene . 
  the only reason i asked is because i think this election is a complete clusterfuck . 
  thank you for a thoughtful and informative reply . 
  i will certainly keep this in mind when forming my questions in the future . 
  while i do n't disagree with your assessment of the `` typical '' american and even many of the national policies , in larger cities with a higher number of immigrants and international influences you are more likely to find americans with a global attitude . 
  forums such as this one also help americans reach out and try to further our understanding . 
  unfortunately , this often results in hostility . 
  even here , a sub specifically set up to foster international curiosity , i see most comments and questions from americans get downvotes . 
  i know the us has done a lot to deserve that hostility , but individuals with an honest curiosity are probably not the ones to blame for the actions of a government that put itself in corporate pockets . 
  well , you certainly have a valid point about belgian politics . 
  i hope i did not come across as being ethnocentric , i get curious about how my country is perceived by the rest of the world and in light of comments from other world leaders about our elections i wanted to know what regular people thought ( or did n't ) about it . 
  i know americans have a reputation for being self-absorbed and ethnocentric . 
  i try to listen to people beyond our borders and understand better how us policy effects the global community . 
  sometimes that means asking about the us , which is hard to do without sounding like a self absorbed asshole . 
  if you spot this , please call the fire marshal to report it . 
  firefighters take that stuff very seriously and the marshal will likely show up that day for a surprise inspection . 
  he has the authority to issue tickets and shut the building down until the problem is fixed . 
  apologies , on my mobile app it just says `` europe '' for your flair . 
  that is a very broad statement for `` europe '' ( as your flair indicates ) - which is a pretty diverse place .
