  it 's run by dutchmen though , and has been run by dutchmen for 400 years . 
  would be rather odd to consider it a chinese brand . 
  luckily though the supermarkets are open on sundays nowadays . 
  i became a student after that became the norm , and i ca n't imagine it being any different . 
  i live in a student house with eight others , and every day one of us cooks . 
  everyone has until 4pm to decide whether he will eat at home , and then the guy that is going to cook goes to the supermarket . 
  planning that whole process a day early seems like such an unnecessary hassle :p, 
  just hipsters ? 
  is n't this a map of where anyone goes on vacation ? 
  the fact that there 's skyscrapers instead of 400 year old buildings does n't mean that there 's nothing to take pictures of . 
  some of those skyscrapers are absolutely breathtaking by the way , absolutely amazing architecture . 
  the fact that other people live in poverty does n't mean that westerners are n't allowed to complain about minor things . 
  if one woman gets catcalled on the way to work , is n't she allowed to complain since another woman somewhere else in the country or the world got raped ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  so the average * parent * has done that ? 
  5 pictures a day on social media ? 
  that sounds absolutely mindboggling . 
  perhaps per couple ? 
  that 's already a tad more reasonable but still quite a lot . 
  thanks , but i 'm just going to assume that this photo that is plastered all over the internet is n't you . 
  is there some reason you do n't want to share a few hundred pictures of your childhood with me and the rest of / r/europe ? 
  hey mate , could you perhaps send me some embarrassing pictures of yourself ? 
  i promise i 'll only post them to a small subreddit , hopefully you 're grown up and wo n't mind . 
  preferably around 500 pictures from your childhood . 
  what makes marriage a religious concept ? 
  i do n't know where it originated , it might be 100 % a religious origin , but nowadays it does n't have any religious ties anymore right ? 
  the fact that it 's `` useless '' does n't mean that i do n't adore the tradition that me , my kin and my fellow countrymen have . 
  tradition is warm , enjoyable , a common bond . 
  yes , we should be open to others , but if in some way that ruins our traditions then i will be rather upset . 
  the dutch zwarte pieten debate is a good example , although we 'd better not talk about that . 
  i always find this an absolutely shit reason . 
  i understand that people like to wear hats if they 're comfortable . 
  however , the reason you 're not allowed to is because teachers / administrators do n't like it . 
  however , if you 're a muslim then your burqa is very important to you . 
  the teachers / administrators do n't want to get between you and your religion and accept it . 
  yes , in a way it 's unfair . 
  but i do n't think it should be a reason for you to be allowed to wear some random hat in class . 
  edit : i 'm actually talking about a hijab , which only covers the hair ( and i assume you 're also referring to ) . 
  a burqa covers the entire face and body , which i assume no child wears in finland . 
  are you sure ? 
  i ca n't imagine every single german marriage being done by the roman-catholic church . 
  how do atheists get married ? 
  how do muslims ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken marriages are done by government officials and in no way tied to religion . 
  it is a bad thing if the public is wrong . 
  one of the reasons a democracy works well is because there are people in the government that ( usually ) think long and hard about things . 
  people that tend to be well educated and informed . 
  of course , there are exceptions . 
  however , the public is not generally well educated and informed . 
  so while a poll might show that most people want a burqa ban or a decrease in taxes , this is not a smart choice per se and one that a politician should n't always listen to . 
  it 's one of the reasons why a referendum is not always a good idea . 
  yes , it might force politicians to do what the public wants , it can also wreck havoc . 
  take as an example the brexit . 
  i 'm not sure what the consensus was , but experts could all be shouting to never leave the eu , but the uneducated masses just think ' they took ur jebs ' or might be misled by propaganda . 
  i do n't think having a monarchy that does n't hold real power somehow makes you undemocratic . 
  that 's quite a project !, 
  hundreds of thousands of underground garages built in the next 10-20 years ? 
  impossible . 
  not to mention that it is n't just the `` real '' cities that would deal with this problem , a lot of towns in the netherlands do n't have real driveways either . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@52.2272376,6.8633317,3a,75y,313.41h,68.82t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1srohjrx8h9t65soexkubrva!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 i think this is quite a decent example of what lot of dutch streets look like . 
  it 's well possible to equip all these parking spaces with charging stations , but it 's an incredible investment . 
   the netherlands is not some kind of drug paradise , outside of amsterdam . 
  well , it might be a drug paradise since weed is very easily available . 
  we as dutchmen simply do n't act accordingly . 
  was n't this in enschede ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken it did n't get a lot of national attention since no one got hurt . 
  it was still in the news though . 
  as a consumer : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/no-roaming-charges-eu-data-europe-free-a7321061.html i know it 's not a brilliant argument , but i 'm really happy about it so yeey for the eu . 
  yep , i think on the lagerhuis debate on the tv show ` de wereld draait door ' . 
  mainly by klaver if i remember correctly , not sure who he was debating against . 
  generally though ( and logically ) , it 's not really an important issue in an election . 
  it 's not really 65 toasters though . 
  it 's more like first choosing between a waffle iron , a toaster , an automatic pancake maker , etc. 
  then , within those options , there 's different brands and models . 
  generally , you first decide on which party to vote . 
  that can be fickle , but it eliminates tons of options . 
  then , you decide on whom to vote . 
  do you just want to vote on the party ` in general ' ? 
  choose the party 's leader . 
  that 's what most people do . 
  however , do you want more women in the government ? 
  more people from your part of the netherlands ? 
  or perhaps people who really value certain things such as entrepreneurship or lbqt rights ? 
  choose them . 
  as a party gains votes , they gain chairs in the parliament in the order that they 're on the sheet ( as was determined by the party ) . 
  however , if someone gets enough votes on him or her in particular , then they are ` pushed ' to the top and might become a member of parliament . 
  if you voted vvd all you had to do was lift the front bit . 
  so ' yaay ' for 30/150 of all voters . 
  these include schools , universities , hospitals , train stations , etc. 
  i just voted and the process itself was 1 minute . 
  walking was almost 10 because the weather 's nice and i did n't take my bike . 
   nor do oranges have any other symbolic meaning to the dutch in no way obvious , but there is a link between the dutch and oranges in the form of ' appeltjes van oranje ' . 
  in [ sinterklaas , goed heiligman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7iid3fveb0 ) the phrase is used , which comes from [ this ] ( https://www.ensie.nl/redactie-ensie/appeltjes-van-oranje ) sinterklaas myth , as well as in [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7iid3fveb0 ) dated dutch song . 
  there 's also a [ prize ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeltje_van_oranje ) by that name . 
  but yeah , very , very odd connection , as even a lot of dutchmen wo n't know about the above . 
  you 've never heard [ sinterklaas , goed heiligman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm_3wx1czys ) ? 
  it 's not sung often , but it 's definitely not a forgotten song . 
   in the end the riot police cleared the area . 
  eh , that 's downplaying it . 
  they rioted a bit until like 2 am in the night .
