  it might just do a bit better with one . 
  i think that dutchmen are willing to pay a few euro 's each just for the fun of having a king and queen , disregarding the other advantages they bring us . 
  yeah . 
  i think it actually makes sense . 
  finding the killers of some people is simply more important . 
  we allocate resources where they are needed . 
  if i 'm killed they might put some effort in , but they only have limited resources and i 'm not that important . 
  killing the queen or someone in public office can be politically motivated , and most of all the population of the country will simply want answers . 
  it makes sense they would invest more into that investigation . 
  yeah , that was kind of dubious . 
  i think those people were n't allowed to protest there during that time , but the police made a mistake by arresting them . 
  a bit over the top , but i think more of a mistake ( and a forgivable one at that ) than something that shows we 're somehow being oppressed . 
  not sure if i phrased that right in english . 
  what i meant was that king willem alexander and his wife ( and before him princess beatrix ) are something that 's always there . 
  if something horrible happens they 're there to give a speech , they address the country at christmas , they 're there at important events and at soccer matches and are continuously putting effort into charities . 
  i do n't know how other dutchmen feel , but to me princess beatrix was like a grandmother to the country . 
  do you mean during the coronation here in the netherlands ? 
   the king is literally worth more than you are , if he is murdered more effort will be put into finding the murderer , he is in some ways above the law sounds like a celebrity, 
  in the netherlands at least i think they add more value than they cost . 
  they are very valuable ambassadors , are a common face for the population , and are also of cultural historic value . 
  this is a great argument . 
  it 's also very important that a monarch reigns for 30 years , as opposed to a prime minister who might only last a few . 
  so not only is the monarch a constant and familiar face for the dutch people , but also to the governments of other countries . 
  libdem is not against europe , but simply against more europe . 
  probably the part where she referred to gypsies as pests . 
   15 per cent of of girls under 16 are thought to become pregnant every year wat . 
  would n't call defending your country from hostile occupation trivial . 
  i do n't mean that a country with a higher population will be able to send more people ( this is only a small factor ) . 
  what i mean is that the bigger your population , the bigger the chance of having an extremely talented person . 
  maybe one in every ten million people born around the world is talented enough ( mindset , body , endurance , everything ) to become an olympic rower . 
  the odds of you having one or multiple of these people at an olympic games increase the larger your population is . 
  in america , there should then be 314/10 ~ = 31 of these rowers alive at the moment . 
  in the netherlands there should be 17/10 ~ = 2 of these rowers . 
  thus , the simple fact that you have more people to choose from gives you more exceptionally talented persons living within your country . 
  of course , how they are trained and such is also greatly important , but in general there tends to be a correlation between size of population and number of medals won . 
  if i loan my bike to some fellow students every now and then for 5 euro 's , am i suddenly running a business ? 
  or if i sometimes fix the computers of my parents ' friends , or do some tutoring for cash , or maybe mow the neighbor 's lawn for a fiver ? 
  not everything is a business and needs to be regulated . 
  nope , most forms of media were legal to download . 
  you simply could n't share them . 
  i do n't think we should let turkey join for the next few decades . 
  it 's basically a dictatorship at the moment and shares little culture with most of europe . 
  how would the eu benefit from israel ? 
  to me , that just seems like bringing a country into our union that is in an area of great turmoil . 
  yes , because all the shitty american states are just as important as entire european countries . 
  even so , i 'm pretty sure a lot of europeans would be able to identify the most well-known ( and important ) states such as california , texas and florida . 
  i 'm not really up to date on german politics , but since when are the politicians there dirty ? 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  the sheer fact though that this party exists and is successful is not only embarrassing for us as a country , but it also promotes racism within the netherlands . 
  really ashamed of this . 
  ca n't believe the pvv actually might be the largest party in den haag . 
  buy , with money . 
  probably cost at least 10 euro 's . 
  it would probably cost less if it were simply included at factory costs . 
  if it was not patented , i see absolutely no downside to it . 
  i would not be very happy about that . 
  i like having multiple chargers ( one in the car , one at work , one at home , etc ) . 
  would feel like i got cheaped out on . 
  absolutely horrible idea . 
  i am very pro-eu and approve of most of their legislation , but this goes way too far . 
  the fact that some people ca n't handle the fact that sex can be a commodity is not a reason to throw an entire industry into the black market , with negative results for both the customers and the people working in it . 
  not per se . 
  lower life expectancy could be to a lot of people smoking , lots of car accidents , poor work circumstances , or obese people . 
  this does not have a lot to do with healthcare . 
  the fact that you have brilliant healthcare ca n't combat people smoking like chimneys or stuffing their faces with a few burgers a day . 
  simply looking at life expectancy is thus not a good reflection on the healthcare , it can merely be used as an indicator . 
   in the 1930s , the supporters of the nsb chose the orange-white-blue and the prince 's flag as their symbol . 
  the nsb was the dutch fascist party that fully collaborated with the germans . 
   he prince 's flag is used ( and sometimes even sold ) by extreme right political groups like the nationalistische volks beweging ( nl ) ( nvb ) , [ 1 ] nederlandse volks-unie ( nvu ) , [ 2 ] dietse kameraden , stormfront and voorpost those are n't the nicest of groups . 
  it does have a bigger history and apparently it is used as a symbol for the movement that wants to `` unite all dutch-speaking people into a single state '' , but it is still very , very clear what that dutch flag stands for in most situations . 
  just because a symbol like a nazi cross is used in buddhism does n't mean you can get it tattood on your arm and expect people not to take offense . 
  really surprised by how high the netherlands is !, 
  i suppose this is due to our high minimum wages , since the taxes on our beer for example are quite high . 
  i think a crate of decent beer ( hertog jan or grolsch ) sets you back around 12 euro 's , of which at least 5 euro 's is taxes . 
  most bars will charge at least 2 euro 's for 0.333 l of beer . 
  unless you 're a student , then you can go to places where the prices are a lot more fun . 
  does anyone know why they 're not using heavy fireworks ? 
  not pretty lights , but things that actually go boom ? 
  you can buy illegal fireworks that have about the same blast as a hand grenade . 
  would seem very effective in a situation like this where you are trying to harm and scare police officers . 
  so far most protests in the west have been about petty things compared to this . 
  these people are fighting against a thoroughly corrupt government that is taking away their civil rights . 
  chavs looting and burning in london - go ahead and shoot them . 
  ukrainians fighting for their rights - you 're a tyrant if you try to stop t hem . 
  what if i 'm proud of our royal family ? 
  the problem is not per se the existing system , but the fact that it can turn into something worse . 
  -- now there 's a porn filter , that 's all fine and dandy . 
  we do n't want little timmy typing `` penis '' into google for shits and giggles and suddenly finding himself in the middle of a hardcore porn site , now do we ? 
  but what if they start adding small things to this porn filter ? 
  animal abuse videos ? 
  videos of people being shot ? 
  to protect the children , of course . 
  that makes sense . 
  you can simply opt out if you do want to see it !, 
  but then they start adding filters to more stuff . 
  some obscure websites of local communist parties for example that clashed with the police a couple of times . 
  we all know communism is bad , right ? 
  no need for impressionable kids to be subjected to vile thoughts about a system like that . 
  when they 're old enough they can decide for themselves . 
  anyone else that does want to see it can simply opt out , right ?
