good . 
  for a while i feared that there might be a chance that turkey might join the eu . 
  the way things seem that wo n't be happening in the next ten or twenty years . 
  you could also post a picture of garbagemen , miners , prisoners , soldiers , the homeless , addicts , workplace deaths , suicide victims , etc. 
  but sure , maybe it 's just because men do n't ** want ** to live comfortable safe lives , because biology or some other shitty excuse with zero scientific basis . 
  and the bottom part of a body lying to the right . . 
  because we would have to pay you to drive through your country , while it would still be free for you to drive through ours . 
  not exactly fair . 
  now we could also make our own ` wegenvignet ' , but this is kind of a step backwards imho . 
  travel through europe should not be hindered by such things . 
  i 'm really surprised that germany is more expensive than the netherlands . 
  i thought that dutchmen at the borders actually went to germany for their groceries sometimes since it 's cheaper . 
   i believe a number between 1 and 2 is much closer to reality . 
  no way . 
  most people under the 50 definitely speak english well enough to hold conversations . 
  then add to that spanish , french , german , moroccan , turkish ... 
  the elderly might not be as good in english , but per my experience they speak german a lot better than most . 
  germans are rather poor at english compared to the dutch though . 
  yeah , me disliking comments about america in / r/europe must be related to whether or not i had sex this week . 
  subreddits exist for a reason . 
  if you want to ask men a question you do n't go to / r/askwomen , you do n't make posts about cigarettes in / r/cigars , you do n't show off metalworking in / r/woodworking , and you do n't make posts about the us in / r/europe ( unless related to europe ) . 
  reddit is dominated by americans and american news . 
  americans are welcome in / r/europe , but let 's keep the topics related to europe . 
  you know you 're in / r/europe , right ? 
  yeah , i considered that . 
  however , i think amsterdam is so populous and such a big tourist attraction that a stop there might not be a bad idea . 
  utrecht however would be a better choice though for us dutchies . 
  no real need to have a stop in utrecht . 
  amsterdam - utrecht is only 30 minutes by normal train . 
  enschede for example would be a more logical stop . 
  it 's not a very large city ( population of 160,000 vs utrecht 's 300,000 ) but it would cover the eastern part of the netherlands and is also right on the border with germany . 
  munster in germany would n't be a bad idea either . 
  that is true . 
  however , i do n't think it 's completely like that though , although there 's a good change it 's just that . 
  obama is the first black president in the white house . 
  referring him to the black man in the white house is thus a little less odd . 
  it 's like referring to ` the black guy ' when you want to point out a black guy in a crowd with mostly white people . 
  he just calls him a black man . 
  while it 's a reference to race which is something he should n't do and is not ok , it is not inherently racist . 
  i 'm sure there are more than enough tweets of people hating on the ` old white guy in the white house ' while bush was around . 
  those that have lost family members are almost never shown on television though . 
  they were present at the airport , for example , but were always kept out of the camera frame . 
  it does n't make me feel better . 
  as we speak the corpses of those that have died on the crash are being looted for jewelry and evidence of any attack is being removed . 
  dutch troops should be on the ground securing that area as quickly as possible . 
  it might further strain relations with russia , but i highly doubt putin would respond aggressively to a country securing an area where almost 200 of its citizens died due to the work of terrorists . 
  wow , that 's incredible . 
  it 's horrible how you slowly hear of deaths near you a day or two after the accident . 
  i have not lost anyone i know , but slowly you hear of two families from your home town being killed , the uncle and aunt of a friend , etc. 
   as the natives ~ ~ in africa , america and australasia ~ ~ of the rest of the world know all too well . 
  of course , king willem-alexander would be its one true king . 
  there seems to be a rough inverse correlation between economic prosperity and the amount of people still living with their parents . 
  if you have the money , you 're more likely to move ( although a large part is likely cultural ) . 
  above you 'll also find comments from some eastern europeans stating that you simply ca n't move out in those countries if you make around minimum wage . 
  haha , no way : http://alphadesigner.com/wp-content/uploads/europe-according-to-penis-size.png, 
  i bet he does n't like foam either !, 
  unless you 're younger than 18 , why ? 
  i would n't exactly call it brainwashed . 
  we were liberated by those on the western front , and even though it was mainly canada for the netherlands they were greatly supported by the usa and the uk . 
  both fronts also reached germany around the same time . 
  i would n't be surprised if even educated people would make the mistake of at least giving them equal credit . 
  a few after that were definitely good . 
  i remember escaping prison in one ( i think it was the one with the `` numbers '' ) . 
  the rest of the campaign was a bit odd , but that whole prison escape was absolutely brilliant . 
  oh , that 's pretty messed up then . 
  were n't the police allowed to move them though since they would be causing unrest ? 
  it 's kind of like being a psv fan and protesting ajax or whatever right when the hooligans are coming out of the stadium . 
  it 's simply not a very good idea to do during a coronation with a bunch of royalists standing there . 
  your only intention would be to cause trouble . 
  i did n't really mean represent , i meant that they 're a familiar face . 
  we see our monarchs at soccer games , at important openings , on diplomatic missions , once a year when they bring out a video around christmas , etc. 
  it 's something constant , while presidents can change every couple of years . 
  in actual ` representing ' their value lies in being ambassadors . 
  they speak multiple languages , are very well-spoken and educated , and have etiquette pouring out of their back ends . 
  they 're probably way better at talking to a man like putin than for example rutte who 's our current prime minister . 
  while i think rutte is a good guy , he 's puny compared to putin . 
  again , their value also lies in always being there . 
  10 years ago if putin came to the netherlands , he would have met the royal family and balkenende . 
  when he came to the netherlands this year , he met the royal family and rutte . 
  the monarchs are familiar faces to many around the world . 
  it 's like those pictures of queen elizabeth meeting every single us president from the past 60 years . 
  your politics and politicians might be different every time , but she 's always there . 
  i 'm arguing for their value , for tradition . 
  does n't the government allocate funds so that we can keep on practicing traditional dances ? 
  traditional song ? 
  museums for what has happened in the past ? 
  for art ? 
  i think the monarchy is living culture , tradition and history . 
  the fact that we did n't have it before 1813 , does n't mean it has n't had a major role for the past 200 years . 
  should we just ignore all history that was forced on us ? 
  i mean , world war 2 was just forced on us by the germans . 
  let 's tear down some monuments . 
  a dumb argument , i know , but the fact that a monarchy was forcefully installed does n't mean we have n't had it for 200 years . 
  there 's a few celebrities that are practically born into their position . 
  i do n't know . 
  since they 're already not very `` close '' with us anymore i ca n't imagine it being very difficult . 
  your argument about it not being of cultural historic value does n't really make sense , since we have been a kingdom for 200 years . 
  how is that not cultural historical ? 
  and yes , we probably will never know if they are worth what their costs . 
  the netherlands would probably still do well without a king .
