  five officers were wounded ( though the worst injury was a broken hand ) . 
  ok , thanks . 
  so then the figures are n't necessarily a result of wwii and such . 
  nowadays in the netherlands a young person still practicing any form of religion is rather rare ( in my circles at least ) , so for a good part the figure of amount of jews in the netherlands will reflect this . 
  to what regard does this take into account those that still practice their religion ? 
  or is this based on ancestry ? 
  do n't completely understand the jewish system but i thought it was a bit more difficult than most other religions in that regard . 
  if it was just based on actually practicing religion , then this would be very different to interpret . 
  the netherlands for example is becoming more and more atheist , so a large drop in christianity probably happened as well in the past 80 years . 
  you know both are hundreds of years old , right ? 
  fyi : europe has right-wing politicians . 
  we just do n't like the ones with an incredible amount of poor qualities . 
  have n't seen either of them !, 
  it was some movie about a wealthy brit hosting a international group group of diplomats on his estate . 
  the focus might have actually been on the butler ( who falls ill ) and the butler 's son . 
  interesting read , thanks !, 
   it 's important to understand that nazi ideals such as anti-semitism and lebensraum were mainstream in german society , even before the treaty of versailles . 
  was n't it mainstream in more european countries ? 
  i remember some british movie set in the 30s where the characters seemed to have some anti-semetic tendencies . 
  it was basically an anti-eu vote by those that were probably - for a large part - absolutely uneducated on the subject . 
  what does driving stick have to do with age ? 
  people tend to prefer automatics simply because it 's more comfortable , especially in urban driving / high traffic . 
  http://auto-en-vervoer.infonu.nl/auto/79024-een-auto-met-automatische-transmissie-steeds-populairder.html the demand for automatics is increasing in most european countries . 
  they are no longer less fuel efficient than manuals and do n't perform worse . 
  they are still more expensive though . 
  yup !, 
  ca n't beat a 50 litre keg of oettinger for 47,50 . 
  definitely . 
  good cheese , good bread . 
  not incredibly appetizing though and a tad bland compared to a proper lunch , but simple and healthy . 
  i really like them . 
  they 're packaged individually , so i sometimes have them if i 'm going to a dinner party later in the evening but i 'm already hungry . 
  one pizza burger is a great size , warm , and in my opinion really tasty . 
  well , then this is wrong for the netherlands . 
  we have a mandatory 5-day period between a doctor 's appointment and the procedure so that you do n't make a rash decision . 
  nope , just looked it up . 
  does n't look appetizing . 
  what 's your point ? 
  why would violence suddenly be ok because of the historical gravity of the matter ? 
  the brilliant thing is that we 've become better than we were in the past and violence is no longer an answer to such matters . 
   so spain gets one of the most beautiful pieces or architecture ever designed never understood the hype around the sagrada familia . 
  it just looks like an absolute mess . 
  it is huge which is impressive , and the whole gaudi and taking a lot of time to build things are cool as well , but apart from that i think it 's just very mediocre . 
  there 's so many more beautiful buildings and cathedrals in the world . 
  a church actually has ceremonies with a pastor and shit . 
  a kapel is just a room to pray . 
  our reference is a bit different probably . 
  for us , it 's the fact that germans stole bikes while retreating from the netherlands during wwii . 
  or they were used for war metal . 
  one of the two . 
  we generally blame moroccans like you do polish if we want to be racist about normal present-day bike stealing . 
  thanks for the info , did n't know that . 
  however , those contributions seem rather minor compared to those of eu member states . 
  austria and switzerland have roughly the same population . 
  since 2008 , switzerland has contribution 1.2 billion . 
  just in 2014 , austria has contributed 2.7 billion . 
  there 's money involved , but seemingly a lot less . 
   you get all the side effects of the eu what side effects really ? 
  because you do n't have to pay any money to the eu anymore , for example . 
  freedom of movement and single market sound like pretty big benefits . 
  again , it has nothing do with guilt . 
  the swiss would n't publish a game called dein kampf either , because there 's a strong association with mein kampf . 
  same wherever in the world ( ofc , you 'd need the german language ) . 
  some things are associated with other things , in any language and culture . 
  in german , the association is stronger ofc , but it does n't have anything to do with guilt . 
  imagine a dutch character looking kind of like a kkk person in costume . 
  no guilt at all , yet that would be a very weird historical association so no thank you . 
  what does this have to do with guilt ? 
  dein kampf just makes you think of mein kampf . 
  it 's like calling a book ' the little red book ' or a ' manifesto ' , people might just draw links that are not good . 
  it really depends . 
  i guess that if you are a billionaire you 'll end up hanging out with a certain type of people , possibly a lot of young hot women . 
  i can imagine that something sparks eventually . 
  however , if i were a billionaire i 'd still be looking for a soulmate . 
  she 'd have to be attractive of course , but being a top model would n't exactly be on the checklist . 
  let me know when the netherlands is n't  99 % democratic . 
  it 's ok if you do n't like it mate , no reason to be all sarcastic about it . 
  most dutchies like it though , so no need to be angry . 
  but what if company y wants 500l every month ? 
  then , company x builds another factory , increases capacity , and hires more workers . 
  that 's how any business in the world grows !, 
  but ... let 's use your example . 
  what if company x had no orders or too little ? 
  they were just about to fire everyone ... then company y comes along and orders 500l . 
  now they have work for 5 months !, 
  that 's great . 
  so a business getting a new contract which will require them to hire a 1000 people in the netherlands is only of benefit to the business owner ? 
  putting it differently : what if we cancelled all our export contracts right now . 
  do n't you think that would harm more than just the business owners ? 
  for example , i think asml could fire half of its staff immediately , if not more . 
  we need export !, 
  that 's important , and people making deals abroad to encourage that export or promoting the dutch industries are both good things . 
  trickle down economics is the concept that tax cuts for businesses or the wealthy will somehow help the working classes . 
  however , trade deals are very , very different from that . 
  i think getting rid of them would be a source of embarrassment . 
  they 're living culture and history . 
  we still have palaces , monuments , culture festivals , etc that we revere and uphold . 
  for me the dutch king is the epitome of that . 
  a centerpoint for dutch culture and history who is liked by most and a source of joy . 
  getting rid royalty would to me be akin to blowing up some of our most historic monuments and landmarks .
