  but are parents that opt out of the filter bad parents ? 
  why would a good dad or mom want to view videos of people getting shot , look op communistic parties , or watch porn ? 
  are they influencing their children with vile websites ? 
  every child nowadays has a smartphone . 
  parents ca n't always control those . 
  mandatory filters are now in effect for all homes with children in them . 
  it 's for the wee little children , right ? 
  half the nation can not research communist parties or watch porn . 
  -- probably unlikely , but not impossible . 
  to feel better about themselves . 
  `` hey , i work as a retailer , but at least i do n't have to * clean * the place . '', 
  yeah , there 's definitely pro 's and cons . 
  a solution to the ` aggressive ' way to approach you would maybe be like they do it in amsterdam : you simply have store fronts . 
  girls can dance in windows or you can hang pictures up . 
  also not exactly great , but better than them coming at you . 
  yeah , i realized while writing this that soccer was not the best example . 
  but it still reflects the idea that you will pay a lot for talent as long as it makes you profit . 
  and i 'm pretty sure there 's a strong correlation between quality and worth . 
  somehow the clubs with the most expensive players are also the ones dominating the charts every year . 
  yeah , i absolutely love the pope . 
  not religious either , but he seems to be a great man . 
  i also agree with what he says , but it wo n't stop me or others from trying to get very high salaries . 
  it probably depends on what you do with it , though . 
   what have the bankers done to earn such huge amounts of money and do these `` bankers '' contribute to the betterment of society ? 
  they need to be worth it to a company . 
  compare it to soccer . 
  yes , for 100,000 euro 's you could buy a decent player , but he 's not going to be that impressive . 
  however , for 15,000,000 you could buy a star , a player that could make the difference between winning or not winning the championship that year . 
  the fact that the guy mowing the soccer field makes 30,000 while the guys playing on it make millions is very odd , but it comes down to talent . 
  anyone with some instructions and some guidance can mow a soccer field , while the people that can play soccer as well as the professionals are incredibly rare . 
  we would n't pay thousands for diamonds if you could find them in your backyard . 
  as a worker , you are a commodity . 
  as long as the demand is high enough , your worth will increase . 
  the demand for the very talented is incredibly high . 
  people tend to see bankers for example as just people sitting on their asses , but they have often worked long and hard . 
  my dad for example has quite a decent job in the financial world , but he has been working at least 70 hours a week for the past 25 years . 
   they argue that germany 's experiment with liberalising prostitution has failed spectacularly , turning the country into `` the bordello of europe '' is n't amsterdam the bordello of europe ? 
  how dare they try and steal the title that we worked so hard for !, 
  ever had one ? 
  they 're incredibly tasty . 
  lots of meat , nice sauces , some veggies , and ~ bread . 
  great against hangovers and really satisfies the drunk munchies . 
  what do americans actually eat when or after going out ? 
  in the netherlands it 's doner kebab , a ' [ broodje kroket ] ( http://www.rectec.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/broodje-kroket.jpg ) ' , or french fries . 
  i do n't really get the ` health ' bit . 
  according to them : `` the two main measures used are a comparison of healthy life expectancy and the sex ratio between boys and girls at birth . '', 
  in the netherlands , women live longer than men , and as far as i know the birth rates are pretty much equal . 
  yet the netherlands is yellow . 
  does this perhaps show that men are behind women in health ? 
  i would also really like to know how there is a gender gap in dutch education . 
  i only get a blank page when going to the report and selecting a country . 
  pretty sure our prime minister has some kind of ` turn into submarine ' switch for our entire country . 
   how is a child 's opinion more valid on the matter . 
  very , very simple : because it 's meant for children . 
  one of the prime arguments given by those against zwarte piet is that ` it will teach our children black people are helpers and inferior ' , while it actually does n't . 
  and i understand your willingness to listen . 
  i am willing to listen to those affected by this horrible racist act . 
  however , the loud voices of a few should not affect the many that are choosing not to start making a fuss about this , simply because to them it does not affect the way in which they perceive the average black person . 
  it 's a tradition and a celebration meant for children . 
   none of us realized the connotations  we did n't become racist what else is there to say ? 
  do you know who 's complaining about this tradition ? 
  bitter adults . 
  the children ? 
  they 're looking forward to getting presents and pepernoten from zwarte piet . 
  that 's incredible . 
  a class clown feeling just a little too cool that day might get it into his head to make his mates laugh by giving some jews a nazi salute . 
  3 years in prion for a dumb , very inappropriate joke . 
  we 're learned a good basis though . 
  i 'm not going to pretend that i can speak spanish or french , but i can say my name , a few basic lines , and tell them in french or spanish that i ca n't actually speak the language . 
  i think if i ever had to learn it , i 'd be quite a bit ahead of those that were only taught one language at school . 
  on one hand i agree , on the other hand it 's like a picture of something stupid on / r/pics with the title ` my handicapped son who got cancer after his mother died made this ' . 
  it 's kind of a cheap way of getting ( up ) votes . 
  it might work , and perhaps the people of reddit/europe want to see it , but i think it 's not what it should be about . 
  yeah i know , but i think having a good show or some cheap pop music is still very different from getting votes because the entire band has down syndrome or the guy/girl is transgender . 
  this is going to be like conchita wurst winning last year . 
  she 's a great singer , but chances are she got a lot of votes just for being a transvestite . 
  as someone who does n't know the genre well , their songs sound on par with the rest . 
  they would end up getting the ` pity vote ' or ' i support disabled people vote ' and get quite far , even though they might not have a special song or special musical talent . 
  which in a way would be lovely since it would show others with down syndrome that they can reach for the stars as well , but it 's kind of a gimmick . 
  looking at the discussion that it has caused , it is very clear that it is not just a picture . 
  ever played csgo ? 
  in the netherlands we get most of our fastfood from snackbars . 
  they sell fried food , milkshakes , ice cream , small meals to go , etc. 
  in 2009 the netherlands counted 5000 of these . 
  at the same time , we had around 400 fast food restaurants . 
  the difference is that snackbars are almost always independent . 
  we have one large chain , febo , but it only has 65 establishments at the moment , as opposed to mcdonald 's 241 . 
   just like last time ? 
  even in our real wars we often hired mercenaries to do the real fighting for us . 
  what war are you referencing ? 
  read it in the newspaper this morning !, 
  it 's somewhere like 16 million for the basics , most of which can be earned back in tickets sales and ad revenue . 
  if you want to do it proper , you 'd be looking at a bit more than that though ( 2x ? 
  chances are americans ca n't find those on a map . 
  why should an european be able to identify them ? 
  perhaps they were learning countries by their french names ? 
  definitely something i had to do in french class . 
  do n't think that will really help dude . 
  i think this is more / r/mensrights . 
  concerns about conscription , unfairness in employment or domestic violence issues are definitely worth having .
