  op is just taking an entirely wrong angle on this . 
   if a man is better suited for the job , he gets it , and that 's it . 
  the point op was making that if equally qualified they opt for the woman . 
   i suspect that the costs include life years and economic potential ` lost ' through early death . 
  in some cases , would dying younger have a positive effect on the economy ? 
  might be a rather grim way of looking at it , but a senior citizen dying at 75 instead of 80 would save the government 5 years worth of housing , treatments , and pension . 
  [ yup !, 
  ] ( http://www.nu.nl/werk-en-prive/2441136/bijna-helft-nederlanders-werkt-parttime.html ) according to this article , 48.3 percent of the dutch has a part time job !, 
  this is the highest percentage of parttimers in europe ( and probably the world ) . 
  the number of women working part time is ~ four times higher than the amount of men working parttime . 
   gosh !, 
  it 's not your country guys , let belgian people decide , you 're talking about their country , not yours we 're free to say we want them join , we 're not commanding them to join . 
  we 're also on an internet forum dude , not the dutch parliament , lighten up . 
  are they included ? 
  because technically i guess euthanasia is murder rather than suicide . 
  and even if they 're included , are they used often enough that it would be significant for the data ? 
  the netherlands also has quite liberal euthanasia laws , but they seem to fare a lot better regarding suicides . 
   this is true everywhere and people greatly exaggerate how bad it is . 
  how is it not very bad ? 
  either the educational system has failed them greatly or they are dumb as rocks ( you encounter this fact dozens of time in your life ) . 
  this is not ` selective memory ' where they have street skills and others only know about science . 
  this is one of the basic facts of life . 
  it 's like someone not knowing that 9/11 actually happened or that meat comes from animals . 
  yeah mate , i 'll just build a giant fence and solve this problem forever . 
  brb . 
  i think wanting fewer immigrants is different from disliking muslims . 
  first off , not all immigrants are muslims . 
  also , the fact that i like the chinese , the turks or the italians does n't mean that i want more of them in my country . 
  my country is full enough as it is . 
  if you ever happen to be in berlin , the [ technical museum ] ( http://www.sdtb.de/the-museum.624.0.html ) there is amazing . 
  not as much planes as some museums dedicated to them in the states , but it compensates for that by tons of cool stuff . 
  that seems odd . 
  even if you look foreign , any clerk i know will still address you in dutch . 
  those in amsterdam might be quicker to switch over to english though . 
   to sound more competent . 
  if anything , pronouncing latin words as english words does not make you sound more competent . 
  worship is odd , but i do n't see anything wrong with being respectful of certain ancestors . 
  many that have died have had profound impacts on our world , often in a positive way . 
  stopping by martin luther king 's grave , or lincoln 's , or washington 's and bowing your head in respect to those that have fought for good to me is just as natural as going to your ( grand ) parents ' grave and doing the same . 
  an ancestor this old is perhaps weird , but i think this guy is just hoping to find some inspiration or a source of power . 
  i imagine being a soldier can be scary . 
   you are posting on reddit , watch us movies and tv , most likely have a facebook page and use google , listen to us music and eat us junk food . 
  your ` culture ' is 100 % americanized . 
  yet if it suits your racism , suddenly us culture does not play a role in your life ? 
  i am posting on reddit , which is an international community with mainly americans . 
  i watch us movies and tv , yes . 
  however , at the same time i watch dutch movies and tv , and british movies and tv . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yes , i have a facebook page and use google . 
  i 'm typing this on my toshiba though . 
  listen to us music ? 
  again , it 's a mix of everything . 
  us junk food ? 
  top kek . 
  you know french fries for example are not american right ? 
  you 're actually commenting on a post by someone from belgium , the ` home of the french fries ' . 
  america has a strong influence in western europe , but let 's not pretend that our culture is ' 100 % americanized ' . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ofujeft.jpg i 'm not seeing strong correlations between antidepressant use and ( from memory ) yearly hours of sun . 
   it 's pretty likely you will think at least 4 of them are worth the job from work experience , social and hard skills . 
  if one of them happens to be a woman and she gets the job - so what ? 
  in your scenario , 4 people all have equal chances of getting a job . 
  everyone has a 25 % chance of getting the job . 
  however , someone 's gender , which contributes absolutely nothing to their job , then gives them 100 % chance of getting the job . 
  that seems rather unfair . 
  and it is n't just chairman jobs , the same happens in normal jobs , especially engineering and it firms . 
  ah yes , the quota . 
  where men with better cvs and more work experience will get pushed aside for women so that we can all be more equal . 
  amazing . 
  ` the governments of the united kingdom and of wales almost invariably define wales as a country . 
  the welsh government says : `` wales is not a principality . 
  although we are joined with england by land , and we are part of great britain , wales is a country in its own right . '' ', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wales ' the united kingdom ( uk ) comprises four countries : england , scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  within the united kingdom , a unitary sovereign state , northern ireland , scotland and wales have gained a degree of autonomy through the process of devolution . ', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/countries_of_the_united_kingdom i understand that they 're not as much independent countries as the netherlands or france for example , but they 're still countries and i do n't see the harm in calling them that and treating them so for albums like this . 
   maybe this is why people hate the english . 
  because we 're the result of ancient multi-culturalism . 
  do people hate the english ? 
  even if they do , i doubt it 's the result of ancient multi-culturalism . 
  you do n't exactly hate a country because a thousand years ago different peoples integrated there . 
  i do n't always wash my hands after going to the restroom . 
  the things i touch daily probably carry more filth than what gets on my hands when i touch my anus through four layers of toilet paper . 
  well , yeah , rice and chicken sounds decent . 
  but have you seen porridge ? 
  i 'm not defending them , i think it 's crazy . 
  however , i 'm just saying that based on cultural differences you can be disgusted by porridge . 
  i 'm dutch , people eat porridge here , but have you fucking seen it ? 
  in my opinion it looks like dog food and smells like it too . 
  would i eat it if i were a refugee ? 
  fuck yes . 
  would i on some level be disgusted by it ? 
  yuppers . 
  to be fair , i can understand that eating some food can leave you absolutely baffled . 
  i visited malaysia a few years ago and seeing a dish containing pigs feet just left me a bit horrified . 
  it 's great that every country has their own dishes , but some might just send a shiver down your spine . 
  so if you 're a refugee , and you get a food that to you seems the equivalent of pig 's feet , then i can understand being like ` wtf ' . 
  complaining while you 're safe , warm , sound and fed as a refugee of war is perhaps a bit much , but i can comprehend it at least a tiny little bit . 
   i fear my country get some flair next to your name mate !, 
  knowing what country you 're from puts things into perspective . 
  useless in practice , but it does illustrate that there is little reason to be upset at walkers . 
  i think my local beer brewery is owned by the chinese these days .
