  it 's true . 
  that 's a change  at least you can understand why france could somehow fight in ww1 and win it . 
  2000 was so great though , 
  yeah , though france plans to actually use their weapons in conflicts so i guess they need something that works :p, 
  and he does n't hate everything that french made !, 
  well it was not designed with this ammo in mind, 
  at first famas ammo were ok but since i think france used standard nato rounds , famas had problems with them . 
  uk was also supposed to make an aircraft carrier with france but bailed out . 
  airbus makes a400m and helicopters ( and the eurofighter ) . 
  i think the problem was that at first poland was ok to buy the european one ? 
  we do n't do all the different kind of airplanes though, 
  too late though , the leclerc was sold really cheap to the uae hoping it will also rise interest to other countries . 
  but it did n't and the constructor lost lot of money . 
  if only . . 
  does it take into account overseas territories ? 
  french guyana is france . 
  belgium borders are messed up too but they 're still not terrorists . 
  well french has the same problem . 
  the writing is not phonetic so you sometimes do n't really know how to pronounce worlds . 
  but it 's true english is worse . 
  some parents are even afraid of american assistant teachers because their kids would not have a nice british accent !, 
  that 's the `` women '' picture of the french government + president + premier ministre . 
  the french governement : http://information.tv5monde.com/sites/info.tv5monde.com/files/styles/large/public/assets/images/ap_17138388137277.jpg?itok=xccy_90q, 
  you learn english , then learning other languages is interesting . 
  the more you know , the easiest it gets . 
  i picked spanish and then years later had to go regularly to germany for work ... 
  i regret not picking it at school . 
  i was in stuttgart and started to place my order in a burger restaurant , and to my surprise the young waiter spoke directly to me in french . 
  then of course if you 're in the middle of the country in germany nobody speak english . 
  i found germany to be really close to france . 
  there is no big cultural gap or something . 
  except raw pork . 
  in germany you can order schnitzel in indian restaurant . 
  or in mexican restaurants . 
  i never understood that . 
  i think lots of french in the eastern part of france can speak some german i think, 
  you have mezzo mix ( orange and cola , really ? ) . 
  do n't start on soda flavor . 
  terrorism is bad . 
  we 're striking terrorists with bombs . 
  we have troops in the field , and some big guns . 
  that 's the official french point of view , as far as i know . 
  it happened every 30 years or so , 
  technically , jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is richer than him . 
  only local representation currently . 
  you have to visit the [ cave of roquefort ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-dyofdjtw05q/vtrem2qy7bi/aaaaaaabl_s/c12pxteomek/roquefort-cheese-cave-42.jpg?imgmax=800 ) . 
  i still love roquefort very much , the cave smell was really old sport socks , 
  smells like old sport sock you forgot to wash . hmm . 
  roquefort . 
  to be fair , even french are lost now because macron and m\u00e9lenchon parties did not exist one year ago, 
  this morning i went voting with my wife and kids , we went with the stroller and my oldest on her bike , then stop at the boulangerie , get some croissants and caf\u00e9 . 
  buy a baguette . 
  i do n't know how you can do it differently . 
  and at 8pm we will have the result . 
  not so much a problem in france you know, 
  only if they make a really bad score ( like less than 35 % ) and no representative in the next elections . 
  french politicians do not really stand down after losing elections . 
  for now, 
  the us should take all refugees then , sorry we ca n't just drown them so we try to be human, 
  for as long as someone with the `` le pen '' name will be around . . but i hope people will remember marine first 2nd round debate . 
  most of the 1986 fn representatives switched side after jean-marie le pen negationist and racist declarations . 
  you see him with his own party ? 
  i do n't see him joining somebody else ( except maybe lr ) . 
  philippot now knows she ca n't and maybe do n't want to win . 
  i think maybe he will try to think again about his career . 
  maybe he will join lr ? 
  yeah macron went to see the union representatives first , then marine mocked them saying they did not represent anyone and just went to see some of her supporters and workers on the parking lot for 15 minutes . 
  macron stayed one hour and a half debating with workers after his first meeting with representatives . 
  find proof yourself and show to the world, 
  of course she is . 
  what makes you think she 's not ? 
  she has no problem speaking to other overtly racist persons or neo-nazi parties of europe , having her father display nazi statue in his office or him selling cds of nazi songs , she said vichy france were not so bad and close allies of her commemorate the death of mar\u00e9chal p\u00e9tain , she thinks colonization was mostly positive thing and never want to even think it could have been negative . 
  she never want to talk about french exactions in ww2 or ever because , you know , it would open old wounds . 
  she wants to ban french people because of their religious beliefs , she likes to remove aids and school lunch to selected people . 
  she thinks media is too harsh with her and wants a new organisation to control medias with members appointed by her . 
  yeah , she 's so nice . 
  yes , racist , negationist , antisemitic , what 's your point ? 
  she could have found her own party , change the name , change the people , have official views on controversial subjects . 
  she did not . 
  no , he 's honorary president of the party , still participate to some meetings , is interviewed ( with a nazie statue in the background ) by french tv . . 
  the newly appointed president of fn declined because journalists found he had negationist views . 
  there are still plenty like him in the fn . 
  she did n't kick them out . 
  you have to know the history of her party . 
  when you have so much neo-nazis , negationists , former vichy french or algerian war torturers ( at the beginning ) , there must be something fishy . 
  one of those was appointed head of the party this week ( negationist , that endorsed jean-marie le pen view on jews in the 80s ) . 
  he had to resign . 
  when you really read what she likes to do , you see that everything is made to target special minorities that are already french . 
  a statue called `` defender of the reich '', 
  yeah i 'd say if you graduate and do everything by the rules and you find a job ( that corresponds to your degree ) , that the french administration thinks it 's ok and that the hiring company pays all due taxes , that you speak correct french and really want to become a french citizen then ... what 's the problem with this kind of immigration ? 
  you have to speak french , study for 2 years in french university ( first be accepted there , it means having a known equivalent degree to bac in your country ) , graduate with a university degree and land a job . 
  really easy for everyone . 
  of course , the company that hires you must prove you 're really needed compared to other french applicants and has anyway to pay a tax if they hire you . 
  it 's quite hard to immigrate legally to france actually . 
  uk people will know soon . 
  except if you think being an illegal alien is nice . 
  her supporters want to fuck eu anyway so . . 
  well they get a job , money , they spend , they pay for pensions , they have kids . 
  uk have more civil servants than france ( in % ) . 
  though each country has different means to compute unemployment .
