democratic elections ? 
  you mean in france ? 
  i 'd say women on average are gone for 6 months and men for a few weeks . 
  i found it crazy in germany that women at work , once they were pregnant , were not seen ever again . 
  they do n't come back to work after birth !, 
  in france there are huge incentives for women to keep working and have a career and a lot of possibilities to have your child taken care of . 
  and there is no social pressure for women to stay at home . 
  though the children are now french and can not be found in the statistics because it 's illegal to discriminate on something else than nationality . 
  well we can also argue that if you do n't have kids , you do n't have jobs to keep the kids around , you do n't need so many kindergarten , teachers , nannies , supermarkets , shops for children . 
  then you miss a whole generation of young motivated people that can change things because they have a new education , etc. . 
  i 'm afraid that with this logic , it 's a vicious circle . 
  you have less and less jobs anyway with all those kids gone . 
  well kids that are expensive , it 's a political choice and a government decision . 
  lots of incentive from the government to help with child . 
  lots of child day cares that allows people to have child and a career . 
  most of children from 3 to 5 years old are encouraged to go to the kindergarten , which does not cost anything . 
  there was a time where the british rulers thought they were the real french . 
  i said civilians !, 
  and the physical devastation is debatable . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm following you . 
  in ww1 there were 40.000 civilians deaths . 
  in ww2 , 300.000 . 
  in ww1 aviation and bombing was not really a thing . 
  in ww2 , the allies bombed french cities . 
  after the armistice , some french ( jew , political opponents . . ) had to go to concentration/extermination camp in germany . 
  nazi germany organised forced labour for french worker through the sto ( 900.000 french people ) . 
  war last from 1939 to 1945 . 
  france was occupied . 
  in 1945 a few civilian massacres occured by ss troops , for almost no reason ( killing all women/men/children in a village ) . 
  but in ww1 french civilians did not know hunger , food rationing , strafing , bombing of cities , concentration camps , force labour , racial laws ... 
  ww2 was harder for french civilians than ww1 . 
  emergency lanes are not large in germany and entry lanes are very short , if you compare to france for instance where emergency lanes are made for emergency vehicles and entries are very long . 
  it 'd be the same in france . 
  i 've never seen anyone blocking an ambulance . 
  everybody acts as in the video ( if there are no emergency lanes ) . 
  in order to prepare a dictatorship , you only organize referendum you know you will win , one way or another . 
  it has to be rigged . 
  i hope i 'm wrong but i would n't bet against erdogan . 
  yep you 're right , just nazis used it a lot for different kinds of criminal and political opponents . 
  nazi germany adopted the guillotine though, 
  the worst thing is i 'm sure she thought `` i would n't do that in the uk , but it 's corrupted france third country , so i guess it 's ok '' . 
  they 're edrising, 
  british phlegm i guess, 
  so , this map is bullshit ? 
  as far as i understand , if you have an accident at more than 130 km/h you will have problem with your insurance ? 
  france bombed serbia . 
  i mean , how can you be so sure ? 
  serbia is not russia , putin would do what he likes . 
  maybe putin would bomb you now . 
  who knows ? 
  yeah , it seems they had nothing too serious , like only 23mm guns on trucks and some sa-7 . 
  that 's easy to say though , i think it was some quite dangerous helicopter missions france & britain flew . 
  yeah , the us wants to control everything , and then it 's our fault if we can not go without them ... let the european buy european aircraft and helicopters and other weapons so we can really be independant and have stronger industries to create those missing armaments . 
  maybe we should collaborate more like we did in the 50s/60s . 
  or maybe the us can also buy some european made armaments so everyone learn from everyone . 
  well it 's not that black or white . 
  the us through nato helped europe armament industry after the war . 
  european aircraft participated in nato competition for nato fighter choices and with a lot of us funding . 
  us thought at those time it would be better for europe to build their own aircrafts if they could and that 'd help the countries to move forward . 
  well , if china has to go to europe and attack us , i guess we 'd be more than enough , except if china does n't want to defend its territory, 
  i 'm not sure what kind of defense they had in lybia ( and how they were manned ) , but france did n't lost any attack helicopters ( tigre ) . 
  what are combat aircrafts ? 
  they include attack helicopters ? 
  why not presenting the bill to russia ? 
  because if they were and still are a threat , they are the reason for all these spendings . . 
  you mean apocalypse is not coming and god will not descend on earth this time ? 
  rats, 
  you think ? 
  political european union never hit much the uk did n't it ? 
  without the uk maybe we 'd be far more advanced now ( european union army maybe , some other stuff ? ), 
  there are several versions of tintin in congo . 
  the last ones have some dialogues/things removed/changed . 
  i think we can all agree that it 's nice that herg\u00e9 did not put all of his political views into tintin . 
  he would not put tintin into those situations because he did n't put tintin into ww2 or other things first . 
  that 's just when tintin was drawn . 
   does anyone really want a trade war ? 
  no , i guess that 's why we set up the eu , to avoid those kind of trade wars . 
  maybe they 'd like to join our club ? 
  yep , there are a lot of aeronautics and it jobs in the area, 
  sometimes they work in bigger cities , for instance toulouse ( with lots of jobs ) is 1 hour and a half drive from there . 
  there are also jobs in montauban . 
  so you can live in a small village and have a `` normal '' desk job in a city nearby . 
  well the us have already elected their le pen so ... i 'm not sure what they are fearing for us . 
  well in ussr and china millions of people died because of corruption , bad ideas , dictatorship etc. . 
  it 's not the case in the eu . 
  i thought you meant the sheer amount of people they had to kill in china or reeducate . 
  killing those millions of people in china was also not easy you know . 
  a german exchange student in the us decided to enter someone garage and got shot . 
  so , in the us , do n't trespass . 
  he did n't . 
  then the country was proud to be the holy roman empire . 
  there is no open-door policy for economic migrants in europe . 
  or does he talk about refugees ? 
  russian orthodox and catholics are not us christian cults . 
  they find it unacceptable but that does n't mean they do n't do it . 
  and the ones finding they do n't really care does n't mean it 's ok for them to do it in their mariage . 
  exactly , that should be the second statistics to be displayed . 
  the question is not about you but about marriage in general . 
  people do n't care what the neighbor is doing in france . 
  true , restaurant owner will follow you in the street trying to give your money back,
