because he attempted to land on top of a crowded beach ? 
  edit : i think the correct charge would be ( involuntary ) manslaughter . 
   why are you lying about sweden ? 
   those papers are not all left . 
   svd is `` obunden moderat '' dn is `` obunden liberal '' expressen is `` obunden liberal '' aftonbladet is `` obundet socialdemokratisk '' ( left ) literally lol . 
  now who is trying to fool the non-swedes ? 
  you 're going to try say with a straight face that e.g. 
  dn and expression are not left-wing ( particularly in the context of immigration policy ) ? 
   and that 90 % of journalists in those papers would be left is just a number you pulled out of your ass . 
  it 's an estimate . 
  i may be wrong - it may be 80 % , i give you that . 
   furthermore , sd is not the biggest party . 
  according to scb socialdemokraterna is the biggest at 31,4 % in the latest poll . 
  sd is at 13,5 % . 
   http://www.inizio.se/opinion/ those pollers ( run by the government and paid for/selected by aftonbladet , respectively ) failed miserably to predict the results of sd during the run-up to the last election because of outdated polling methods ( things like only calling people who have landlines and and so on ) . 
  iirc yougov was the most precise at that time . 
  they are currently polling sd at around 25 % , plus or minus a percent depending on the weather . 
  see http://status.st/ for lots of data regarding this . 
  you are right that i mistakely labeled sd the largest party . 
  sd is the second-largest party according to e.g. 
  the latest yougov poll . 
  i 'm sorry for this mistake . 
   and moderaterna just opened for discussion with sd this spring . 
  it did n't really go anywhere though . 
   are you even swedish ? 
  maybe you are a russian shill . 
  either way you 're lying . 
  maybe the truth doesnt fit your world view ( hej du , jo , jag \u00e4r faktiskt svensk . 
  fast det d\u00e4r g\u00f6r sig nog b\u00e4ttre via ljud ... ) not everyone who disagrees with you is a foreign agent . 
  this world view is kind of . . paranoid . 
  people do n't want to be labelled nazis , which is literally what happens if you express support for the one major party that is against this . 
  it 's a bit more complex than this , of course , but in a nutshell this is it . 
  sometimes some known person makes some a statement against the insanity . 
  this will trigger the media into a blood frenzy , all going after this person . 
  at some point one of two things then happens : 1 ) they recant , say their apologies etc. 
  2 ) they stand by what they said . 
  they are then ostracized - they will lose jobs , appearances , media opportunities , etc - essentially being blackballed from public society . 
  as you can imagine it takes some guts to stand up against this . 
  heck , it even takes courage and active planning to vote for the anti-immigration party : http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=6130994  `` in sweden it takes an extra effort to keep your vote secret , compared to many other countries , and now the european commission is asking the swedish government to comment on swedish election praxis . 
    . .   `` when i got into the polling station i simply could n't believe my eyes '' says christian dworeck , who moved to sweden from germany . 
  he went to vote in the eu election last year . 
    what he saw was a big table full of voting slips for each party . 
  he could clearly see who people were voting for , by seeing which of the different party ballot papers they took . 
    if you really want to make sure no one sees who you vote for you have to literally take slips from all the parties - and there can be dozens . 
  this includes at least eight major parties and many small radical , joke or single-issue ones . '', 
  the party in question wants to change this voting process , and of course the other parties do not want that , so nothing is happening . 
  that 's bullshit in this case . 
  the birth rate numbers in sweden are quite okay ( around 1.9 births per woman ) . 
  if the internet did n't exist journalism would n't have been a feel-good thing to do for left-wing activists and we likely would n't be in this spot . 
  ( i say this as an otherwise extreme internet enthusiast . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  it 's different though ; in the us there 's serious money to be made in national-level news/entertainment . 
  `` well '' :p, 
  it seems the thread was restored ... 
  the metrics are still kinda good , compared to other countries . 
  what we are all worrying about is economics 10-20 years from now . 
  these kinds of economic shifts do n't happen overnight . 
  extrapolate the results of immigration numbers , massively decreasing atheist numbers , crime-ridden cultures etc. 
  it 's either that or disregard the welfare model and go full on us style , everyone for themselves . 
  which , coindicidentally is what it looks like we are seeing the start of in sweden . 
  welfare services ( particularly healthcare and police ) are beginning to break down under the pressure . 
  to pick a flair , just look at the right bar  and yeah , arnstad is just an utterly unqualified idiot . 
  media latched on to him because he was saying things that matched their thoughts . 
  you 're from denmark ? 
  ( pick a flair ! ), 
  ah : i get what you talk about . 
  that debate was a cringe-fest , because of who `` we '' sent . 
  we have an expression nowadays , `` you never go full arnstad '' . 
  a big reason for why we are seeing this is the swedish media landscape . 
  a small number of platforms control pretty much all mainstream communication : aftonbladet , expressen , dagens nyheter , svenska dagbladet , svt and sr. . six platforms run by three organizations . 
  they all employ young , cheap journalists/activists who are 90 % left-wing . 
  the vast majority of the national-level media that reaches swedes is quite biased in the favor of ( often uncontrolled ) immigration . 
  people who consume media from these platforms ( and it 's quite hard not to ) get an understanding of the nation that is ... quite fucked up . 
  they 're generally not factually wrong , it 's just the stories they pick ( and do n't ) . 
  and the facts that they choose to show and not . 
  an important part of this development is the extreme devaluation of the journalistic profession caused by the development of the internet and the web . 
  the people who have wanted to become journalists , because of this , are the kind of people who do n't care about making a good living as much as they care about making a political difference to society . 
  these people invariably tend to be left-wing . 
  the centrists and ring-wingers go into tech or finance instead . 
  so this is how we have ended up with reporters / `` journalists '' in our news papers/tv who often act a lot more than left-wing redditors than actual journalist professionals who take pride in doing their work in a neutral way . 
  this combined with the politics of the the former `` right-wing '' government ( `` moderaterna '' - who actually started this insanity ) and then the current `` left-wing '' social democratic party who are continuing it ... has proved to be the kryptonite that will likely break sweden as we know it . 
  the currently largest party at about a quarter of the opinion is vehemently against this kind of immigration . 
  it 's being isolated by the other parties and relentlessly subjected to scrutiny ( sometimes correctly , often not ) by the leftist media . 
  their obvious strategy is to isolate this party and to make it socially risky to associate oneself with it . 
  they are all ( the other parties and all of the mass media ) fighting against this opinion and in particular the party . 
  despite this , it 's popularity is gaining , no matter what kinds of names their followers are called . 
  people can after all still look outside their window and see what is happening . 
  government-run academic research has shown ( som institure , gothenburg university ) that people have been against the current level of immigration non-stop since the 90s . 
  despite this , i think it will at least another 4-6 years of economic destruction of sweden before any meaningful policy change is done . 
  now imagine how much pain the more clueful part of the swedish population has been going through for at least the past five years . 
  btw , the economic impact on the swedish welfare state will likely be much , much larger than even the most massive , horrific terrorist attacks imaginable . 
  ever since about 2012 , it 's been absolute career suicide ( for most people , at least in high income roles ) to talk about these kinds of things negatively in the company of people that you do n't trust absolutely . 
  the vast majority of people do n't want to rock the boat , and so stay silent , afraid of any social repercussions . 
  : / and i do n't think things will get better soon . 
  i 'm looking to move abroad - denmark and the netherlands are on my radar . 
  another sign that this massive ( often muslim and almost always poorly educated ) immigrant flow largely is an elitist thing that is not supported by the people of sweden is shown by the public surveys annually performed by the som institute at the university of gothenburg . 
  since the 90s , the public has in large been against the level of immigration that has been seen . 
  when vacationing in southern sweden last month my car radio caught some danish radio , probably broadcast from bornholm . 
  they were discussing problems surrounding immigration . 
  i was totally flabbergasted by the sheer open mindedness displayed by both parties in that discussion .
