german efficiency at work . 
  it 's mostly ` muricans that joke about it , at least it seems like it to me . 
  \u00c5land and faroe islands are n't independent . 
  that 's a bit unfair to the rest of scandinavia , do n't you think ? 
  depends a lot where you drink your coffee , although i do agree that in many places the quality leaves much to be desired . 
  we need to fix this !, 
  why should you avoid split ? 
  especially lovely during winter . 
  i am aware , but the incredibly vast amounts of wealth generated by the colonies would probably be a lot more than he could spend on building projects , art or whatever else a king spends his money on . 
  would be interesting to know where all the money went . 
  they 're probably in some swiss bank account , but we probably never will know . 
  are n't they all ? 
  you go to work/school before sunrise , and then it 's gone before you get home . 
  i think i saw the sun once or twice last november . 
  do n't like that time of the year at all . 
  yeah i think it 's safe to say that if it , for some reason , would stop or change direction , we 'd all be fucked . 
  would be interesting to see a catalonia v spain football game . 
  would catalonian teams still play in the spanish league system btw ? 
  with our population structure and many people on the verge of retirement i ca n't see the current situation changing for the better anytime soon . 
  would n't be surprised if we will do a bit worse than now for at least a few years , we need a new nokia . 
  people on reddit likes calling things circlejerks , forcing everything to be a circlejerk . 
  everything is a circlejerk . 
  much better than 3,5 % . 
  regular grocery stores are allowed to sell alcohol up to 4,6 % . 
  so you can buy proper beer in your local store . 
  probably because systembolaget . 
  seventh place is n't too bad . 
  not worryingly high , but not too low either , nice . 
  home of football . 
  iirc it was romanian troops failures on the frontline that led to german forces being trapped in stalingrad . 
  i 've understood there are lots of turkish immigrants from the turkish mainland living in cyprus . 
  there are others than far rights in finland that hate russians , there are still many people who have had their fathers , mothers , husbands and wives killed in the war . 
  people who 've lost their homes and everything they owned because of the russians . 
  so you ca n't say it 's a far right thing to hate russians in finland . 
  there 's been hate towards the russians since the `` greater wrath '' stora ofreden in swedish , in early 18th century when russia invaded the eastern part of sweden ( today finland ) . 
  the main difference from then to now is that now we import it legally . 
  after reading some comments here . . 
  i want to go to malta !, 
  they are probably the most secular muslim country in the world . 
  they have been trying to get into the eu for quite some time , but have lost interest a bit lately . 
  human rights was one of the obstacles . 
  they have trouble with the kurds in eastern turkey . 
  they still deny that the armenian genocide occurred . 
  sales stop at 9pm , hard liquor is only sold in government owned `` alko '' shops , which are n't that frequent . 
  i agree that it 's a pain in the ass . 
  i wish they 'd sell up to about 20 % in regular grocery stores . 
  wow , sounds idiotic and frightening . 
  the problem with police going `` full retarded '' as you said , is that they are above the law . 
  do the politicians react to this ? 
  you should come to finland , we 'll teach you how to change the slowly to quickly !, 
  source : finland comsumes most coffee/capita in the world . 
  the smaller and a bit poorer neighbor to the south . 
  people go there to buy alcohol . 
  manual laborers in finland usually come from there . 
  some people secretly watched finnish tv over there during the cold war ( estonia being ussr ) . 
  very small public debt , a country on the rise . 
  apartment prices in tallinn fell 40-70 % following the economic crisis , i assume it 's recovered . 
  kind of like a little brother to finland . 
  i think we 'll keep it here for a little bit longer , after all , our summers are way worse than yours :p, 
  yes . 
  it 's a very interesting place , well worth a visit . 
  they got their own mini state within a state . 
  functioning since the 70s . 
  i 'd recommend a guided tour from a local , preferably by someone who 's lived there for a long time . 
  probably because christiania 's in copenhagen . 
  i used a 500 $ note once , bought ice cream for about 5 $ . 
  iceland produce much more power than they need , so they can afford to spend it as well . 
  many finns do , because finland used to be a part of sweden . 
  in the 1900s they were the rich neighbor who were a bit better at everything . 
  it 's understandable . 
  the moomins are finnish . 
  edit . 
  oops , misread it . 
  the title lead me to believe there was something actually wrong with vaasa , not just them being unable to adapt to the weather and language . 
  ca n't see the cost of living being lower in london than in vaasa . 
  copenhagen supposedly did n't have this problem ? 
  at least not anywhere near to the extent of malm\u00f6s problem . 
  some rabbi from copenhagen had visited malm\u00f6 a few times and met more abuse there than in copenhagen in a much longer time . 
  i 'm sure it depends on which part of the city you are in too . 
  apparently it 's a young man with a background in the middle east . 
  the racist skinhead is n't the problem here . 
  i learned this while reading up on this when this was discussed in / r/sweden . 
  the reason is the richest get most of their income , if not all of it in dividends , taxed at 30 % iirc . 
  the middle class is taxed quite harshly . 
  i would n't mind living in estonia . 
  not that i 'm rich or anything . 
  enough people and a riot and they will . 
  i think the rich pay enough as it is , the problem imo is that we have way too good benefits compared to our tax income , benefits we really ca n't afford to pay out , but obviously no one wants to give up anything and want everyone else to take the hits . 
  would n't be too surprised if we 'll see lots of rich people moving out in the following 5-10 years . 
  there are welsh teams in the english premier league . 
  iirc tolkien also used welsh . 
  lots of russian tourists like to come here for holidays . 
  heard georgia is popular among russian tourists this time of the year . 
  nordic masterrace . 
  thank you , 
  / r/swarje i think i saw it somewhere over there . 
  we tried going through the second world war neutral , did n't work out . 
  we survived the cold war because we had some very skilled politicians handling the russians , and we were quite lucky too . 
  from the beginning , we practically made ourselves more useful to them as independent than the trouble of occupying us would be . 
  the extent to which the russians were involved in our domestic and foreign politics is not something i want to see again .
