yeah , just casually buy a house and move . 
  lots of people educated in technical backgrounds are contemptuous of the humanities and broader culture and thus have skewed worldviews , in my experience as a technically educated person . 
  i do n't think they are `` highly organised '' , and it 's fairly easy to find dangerous recipes for explosives on the internet . 
  my guess is that is in europe is primarily a web-based propaganda organisation , taking credit for independent attacks by random sympathisers : there might be a lot of dipshits who accidentally blow themselves up in their garage with googled nitroglycerine recipes , but either it does n't happen very often or does n't make national news . 
  oh , that must be albert . 
  now they 'll have to fight naked . 
  take that , daesh !, 
  * increase in homelessness * increase in unemployment * political inertia, 
  well , i happen to think it 's a very delicate language . 
  [ article 8 of the european convention on human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_8_of_the_european_convention_on_human_rights ) possibly ? 
  certainly proportionally less , but there are sizeable polish communities in edinburgh and glasgow at least . 
  however , i think more of it is attributable to a reaction to a history of emigration and depopulation , opposite trends to those in england . 
  i 'm sure if there had been more people resettling from post-colonial commonwealth countries in the sixties and so on , things would be different . 
  my apologies , i was in a bad mood the other day and used inappropriately emotive language . 
  if i may , i 'd like to divulge on my views in more detail : it would be wrong to say that the out campaign is inherently racist , because it is n't . 
  many members of the campaign raise a number of important points regarding the compatibility of constitutional conventions of parliamentary supremacy with supranational political unions , and while i do n't think these trump the many good reasons to remain in the eu , i at least have time for these debates on an intellectual level . 
  it does , however , attract an unfortunate number of racists and xenophobes , at such a rate that there is about [ one serious gaffe per month here ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/politico-brussels-playbook-plus-ukip-racism-airport-tunnel-schuman-tusk-amazon-prime/ ) either from prominent backers of the out campaign or the company they keep . 
  but this is n't really an argument against , it 's just an emotive issue for me personally . 
  perceived trends towards more isolationist and socially conservative politics in parts of the uk are rather alienating to other parts of the uk like scotland , where i currently live . 
  in fact , the primary arguments of the independence campaign in 2014 were mostly regarding differences in political culture and the possibility of being pulled out of the eu . 
  in the end , these concerns were overcome by uncertainty about economic performance and immediate impacts on quality of life ( at least on my part ) : but support for eu membership and a * moderately * more welcoming attitude regarding immigration are pressures that i believe make it more likely than not that scotland will leave the uk with the intention of remaining in the eu in the event that the referendum results in a vote to leave . 
  is there any possibility of this being brought before the echr ? 
  well , they were n't wrong . 
  and i did n't say it would be a bad thing . 
  venal , racist idiots like this are going to rip britain apart . 
  the uk as such might not exist in five years at this rate . 
  i never looked at it that way . 
  interesting point . 
  thanks . 
  i always think it 's healthy to put some distance between oneself and emotive issues , especially regarding historical figures held up as heroes : both because they came from a different time and did n't share many of our values , but also because it is important to remember that they were human beings , and as such were fallible in the same way as everyone . 
  as different as his values may have been , he was also imperfect anyway , and to forget that anybody is fallible by lionising them is dangerous . 
  i hope this debate regarding columbus pans out peacefully and in an illuminating manner . 
  he was n't that great . 
  hopefully there will be some public debate about it , and the issue will ultimately be decided by the people of barcelona . 
  you 're assuming that immigration is something more than a scapegoat for nameless fears and anxieties . 
  university administrations have already predicted a funding crisis as a result of proposed immigration curbs , and i presume will continue to do so in response to these openly nativist measures . 
  the vast , vast majority of academics and the university-educated were ( and as far as i am aware , still are ) very much in favour of european integration partially for this reason , partially because it makes staffing on international projects much easier , and i think partially because it makes for nice workplaces and world peace and such . 
  yes , it 's a shame i do n't live in maidenhead . 
  an unforeseen advantage of current events is that we do n't have so much pressure to make strong arguments about the effects of future hypothetical situations , because it is n't hypothetical any more . 
  congratulations , leavers !, 
  we can all just comfortably sit and * observe * the consequences of your stupid decision . 
  it 's very scientific . 
  well , it is n't what 48 % of voters asked for , but i suppose the idea that you can go half-and-half on two mutually exclusive options is rather optimistic . 
  brexit was an inherently bad idea three months ago and is still a bad idea . 
  anything less than full brexit is less than bad . 
  i ca n't imagine for the life of me why she might think this is sound even as a negotiating position . 
  everyone else is going to wish her luck , and advise her not to let the door hit her on her way out . 
  it 's tolerated and encouraged by politicians in the major parties here because it 's a convenient scapegoat for their own policies . 
  they do n't want to say to decaying mill towns that `` the reason this place is falling apart is because we did n't want to spend a lot of money , not because of eu regulations and immigration , and we lied to you for many years '' because it would be electoral suicide . 
  it is entirely predictable and deserved , indeed . 
  it 's also very entertaining . 
  actually my comprehension of french is passable . 
  i 'm totally baffled by the responses in romanian and portuguese , however . 
  1.1 % of the population as opposed to 1.2 % of the population ? 
  yes , barely any . 
  well , they went undetected in juniper 's case because no-one was looking , and it 's possible that it was largely accidental . 
  if it becomes government policy , this is tantamount to loudly announcing to every interested party that as of a certain date , everything will now definitely have a backdoor . 
  it wo n't be the case that no-one will be looking . 
  the right-wing media . 
  edit : i did not mean to imply that the british media itself is right-wing , but rather i meant to refer to a certain powerful and decidedly right-wing media corporation in anglo-saxon countries . 
  there 's a substantial polish community here , actually . 
  well , a big chunk of the students at major scottish universities are english or international students , who do have to pay tuition fees . 
  apparently so . 
  no , i do n't like the taste of cancer . 
  i like dark chocolate , but i also like espresso and spirits that taste like they could be used to clean heavy machinery . 
  you what ? 
  peanut butter + porridge = solid energetic breakfast and a welcome morning comfort against the pissing january rain . 
  it 's not a thing that many people do , but it 's a thing that i do and i swear by it . 
  it 's quicker than salted porridge + a fried egg and more calorific . 
  i do n't think that 's all there is to it . 
  most abc1s are in urban areas , and it was precisely the urban areas and inner cities that are both the most diverse and voted to remain . 
  skepticism towards immigration and globalisation is something i think is more associated with rural areas and decaying mill towns . 
  they were n't badly wrong , people just do n't pay attention to margin of error and read too much into polls . 
  the difference between almost all of the polls taken over a month before either the brexit referendum or the scottish independence referendum and the result in both cases * was n't statistically significant * at any appreciable alpha < 0.05 . 
  i wonder if that extends to a reversal of their policy on condom use and an apology for consequently exacerbating the aids epidemic , except that i do n't . 
  is n't that exactly what happened ? 
  there were sudden swings in prices , which indicates they had been widely mis-priced beforehand . 
  well , the eu was a convenient scapegoat for the decay and stagnation brought about by their own domestic policies . 
  they have always viewed hatred and bile with public distaste , but found it to be useful in private . 
  the scottish independence referendum had a totally different feel to it . 
  lots of people felt passionately one way or another , but overall the many debates i sat in on or observed were calm , rational and centred on facts and questions as to what exactly would replace current institutional arrangements . 
  i never had the sense that emotive , violent demagoguery was the order of the day either in mainstream or social media . 
  it feels to me as though british political culture as a whole has been thoroughly poisoned in the intervening period . 
  oh , my goodness . 
  who could possibly have predicted this . 
  too soon pal, 
  it 's another way you previously had to get to town x that you now do not have to get to town x. 
  having less routes for potential traffic is generally less efficient ? 
  also it 's personally inconvenienced a lot of people here . 
  so , vote for lower/no tuition fees . 
  it 's an issue with classist domestic policies , not international law . 
  to call them uneducated because they confused domestic and international policies is fair imo . 
  exactly , brexiters are violent right-wing nutters . 
  if they want to hang everyone , i do n't want to be hanged alongside them . 
  i want to leave . 
  not to mention that large parts of the country never really improved , and are in an advanced state of decay . 
  the uk 's classist domestic policies have caused this mess and will continue to ruin it until it finally falls apart . 
  well , it is . 
  democracy is n't a race , it 's an ongoing process . 
  of course not .
