last i heard there were n't just 2 candidates on french ballot papers , if you do n't like the mainstream you 've got other options . 
  are you saying 2011 london riots were n't started by thieving deliquents ? 
  heh we 've got plenty of that type of 2nd generation serbs here in slovenia , i remember that when we had a referendum on nato membership in 2003 they painted our whole capital with anti-nato and serbian nationalist graffiti . 
  what ? 
  have you any idea about how the economy works , wages should grow and prices decrease through better productivity not because the state enables their rise/fall through subsidies financed by exports of natural resources , something that is not sustainable on the long run . 
  so what has chavez done to increase productivity in venezuela ? 
  and i would generally agree that having a national oil company and a strategy of what to do with its profits can be a positive thing for countries like venezuela , the problem is they spend a high amount of that wealth in a reckless way , leave these nationalized oil companies behind in technology until they need help again and ruin other sectors of the economy through stupid socialist state limitations . 
  and if america is such a boogeyman why ca n't they/are not willing to force smaller countries than venezuela like norway , qatar , kuwait , brunei ... to privitize their oil to american companies , there is no need to exageratte your own weakness to foreign powers just to create the myth of being a big rebel . 
  damn have you been downvoted just for poking socialists a bit by naturally expanding the first comment the way many here could recognize themselves . 
  yup you proved things , 
  the price of oil has steadily increased from 10-20 $ per barell in the late 90s to around 100 $ by 2007 . 
  yes with such circumstaces every leader of an oil exporting nation could increase support for the poor , but that alone does n't mean he built a successful economic system . 
  your parents do n't share their wealth ? 
  they were probably in all databases of french security agencies before this was even filmed . 
  france does n't normally joke around with national safety . 
  nobody is blaming him anything for that but rather for continuing this whole serbian persecution/victim complex . 
  and wow how ironic you understood my last comment as a direct ad-hominem attack on you while being the first to accuse people around here of being some sort of euro nationalists and neo-nazi sympathizers . 
  what exactly was n't their fault ? 
  it 's funny how you 're calling it a neo-nazi coup , yet that is the same tactic serbs used to discredit croats/slovenes that supported independence from yugoslavia . 
   if you are a liberal tell me why you would vote for anything but real liberals and not washed out socdems ? 
  i would vote for the party that seems to have a better leader and a more sensible program that i can agree with . 
  i really do n't care about their name or if they are `` ideologically pure '' enough to carry that name according to some people . 
   eu is a liberal project eu represents many different things to different people and their biases , it certainly is not a ( neo ) liberal project to many people on the right complaining about excessive regulations and bureaucracy ...  i am discussing the fall of socdems ( and possibly the left , as they really provide no alternative ) . 
  if by `` alternative '' you mean there should be some constant great clash in politics between `` neo-liberals '' and `` neo-communists '' like in post-war italy than you are right , but i do n't have any desire for that , when you vote for some party even if you know it 's highly corrupt and has a bad leadership just to keep the extremist opposition out of power ... than hardly a bright future awaits for your country . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll be analyzing about how can the majority of people be so dumb to vote against their interests ... or right-wing strategies that successfully manipulate honest workers to vote for them ... or something like that , 
   die linke is not hardcore left . 
  that 's exactly something a really far-left person would say , yes when you live in beijing you do n't consider your homeland as the far east but that 's what it is to most of the world . 
   spd got crashed 2009 elections : spd 23 % , die linke 12 % / 2013 elections : spd 26 % , die linke 8,5 % ? 
  seems it 's not the `` neo-liberals '' that crashed . 
   it is unfortunate in my view that the electoral base is moving to the right , but it 's still a backlash against liberalism what the hell , please explain this to me . 
  does for instance the pp have an absolute majority in the spanish parliament because of the `` backlash against liberal capitalism '' ? 
  you just seem to be purposefully out of touch with reality because that suits your ideological way of thinking ... stop it, 
  lol what ? 
  so why do social-democratic parties get much more votes than hardline leftist parties ? 
  in last german elections spd got three times as many votes as die linke and it 's similar in other european countries . 
  you seem to be a bit distanced from reality . 
  yes i 've seen those pictures , again it does n't seem a very large crowd , in tiny slovenia we had protests a year ago that were almost as big as this one . 
  also that manifesto makes no sense , they want spain to default on debt but do not expect that will cause another big crisis and plunge spain back into deep recession until standard of living really becomes like in latin america ? 
  overall it 's just some emotional leftist pamphlet about the crisis of capitalism , workers struggle , need for revolutionary action ... yada yada ... i doubt more than a small minority would vote for those organizers in elections ... 
  from the pictures that seems nowhere near 250.000 people , you have any idea how does a quarter-million demonstration look like ? 
  seems more that some radical leftists from around spain have shown up to cause trouble in madrid . 
  heh some of them carry red hammer-and-sickle flags , really now ? 
  how is the us much closer ? , they 're both a pretty long flight away . 
  yes they are . 
  they support progress much more than the other so call `` progressives '' that are often pretty reactionary . 
  i had more in mind the normal spd or labour voters , americans might be somehow more social conservative but i think you 're exaggerating on how prevalent they are . 
  lol that guy also arrived to slovenia a while ago to greet the supporters of the newly founded far-left party here . 
  they had their first congress in one of the most exquisite hotels in the capital while pointing out how they are the only ones that represent the lower-classes of the society ... man the nerve some of those people have . 
  of course left-wing is a very broad term that includes many different subgroups of people and their ideas , the ones i had in mind were more the hardline anti-american/nato/capitalist loonie types that adore chavez/naomi klein/immortal technique / ... and the likes not the usual social liberals or working-class social-democratic voters . 
  is this a recent thing i noticed or was the guardian comment section always a stronghold of the blame-west-first leftwing conspiritards ? 
   but when gerhard schr\u00f6der talks about eu-russian relations people suck his dick . 
  what ? 
  where , when ? 
  he 's a troll , look at his comment history . 
  nobody is that nuts . 
  as i said others still represent some geographical division or nationality , that one does n't . 
  seriously this subreddit is really a hardcore left-wing circlejerk sometimes . 
  how about you try to argument this report instead of ad hominem calling on the authors and the supposed evil intentions they must have . 
   who could argue with a prestigious institution like db ? 
  if they recommend those things then , sad as it is , we must surely do as they say . 
  that 's the game they are playing and they are winning very easily . 
  yes lets try to mask the lack of our own convincing opposing arguments by posing as the `` little guy '' who 's opinions are oppressed by the `` evil neo-liberals '' . 
  great tactic . 
  what is that isolated island of low unemployment in the south otherwise surrounded by very troubled areas ? 
  yup comment sections on the news sites being mostly populated by nutty fringe people seems like a general rule of the internet . 
  through it 's interesting to notice all the national specifics of popular extreme opinions , here in slovenia hardcore anti-eu/germany/italy / uk feelings are more a thing of the loony left-wingers who would n't come up with `` eussr '' as `` soviet union was n't that bad really . . '' and it 's also mostly them that constantly predict the collapse of the euro or whole western capitalism . 
  weird . 
  i remember seeing thousand of posts like this from about 2002-2008 on internet boards until they pretty much died off during the recession when it became clear a shrinking gdp brings a whole lot of pain and people became bothered with other things . 
  good times those years , maybe your post signals they 're coming back so i wo n't mind . 
  are you sure ? , i 've heard agriculture is something like 2 % of gdp in developed countries , it might be more in romania but i still doubt most of growth can be based on it . 
  well there are 66k french born people in london according to 2011 british census , so unless the rest are hiding in the sewers or something that number by the french embassy is vastly exaggerated . 
  thanks for the info , hopefully the will be enough time to visit all those places . 
  oh and stares do n't really bother me . 
  i know erdogan is n't popular among urban young people in turkey but is there any opposition leader that could win elections against him ? 
  do you think the current government is going to be reelected ? 
  i 'll probably visit istanbul in a few months . 
   should i act in any way different than in europe and are there any unwritten rules tourists must respect . 
  i do n't think you know `` alpine germans '' ( swiss , austrians , bavarians ... ) very well , 
   `` today dreams are allowed but tomorrow is a new day '' milan ku\u010dan ( president at that time ) , said after the slovenian declaration of independence on 25 . 
  june 1991 . 
  the next day yugoslav army started a military operation against slovenia . 
  so why exactly do these threads about boat people constantly pop up if the majority of users here seem to be content with the current status quo and do n't have any solution on how to fix this problem on their own ? 
  i gave you a proposal that does n't cost anything and could ease boat immigration but if you feel too fine and dandy to sacrifice or give away to the arabs a few people that are basically criminals as they try to illegally enter a foreign country than do n't be surprised that such problems come up in the first place ... 
  simple , you have a navy , blow up one or a few ships and film it . 
  then send the video to african televisions , such things quickly go around and will probably discourage more illegal immigration . 
  and it would also save more people later on as there wo n't be as many boats sinking anymore . 
  so why should they employ workers they do n't really need ? , are they supposed to be some sort of charitable institution that just gives away money to people ? 
  and why would a company really want to invest in a country in which they know they 'll be forced to provide jobs to more people than is needed ? , i 'm pretty sure they 're rather find some other place where businesses are n't bogged down by governments setting them required employment numbers . 
  so that 's partly also why the labour market reforms were needed as they allow companies to optimize their operations the best way possible . 
  how does the state encourage efficiency and technological progress if businesses ca n't fire their excess workers ? 
  say some spanish factory is badly outdated and as such its products ca n't compete with some other new german factory whose products are of better quality and cheaper . 
  the only way it can catch up is by acquiring new machines and streamlining its production but that would mean some of the current workers would have nothing to do . 
  should in that case the state come in and say : `` no you must n't fire anybody but have to continue in your current form '' . 
  slowly such country would have an increasingly backwards , inefficient and behind-the-times economy compared to the rest of the world and as such could n't export much . 
  communist countries in eastern europe had very low unemployment but because the government had a full employment policy which meant many people that had jobs did n't had much to do in their workplaces and received some very low salaries that were basically unemployment benefits . 
  subsidies would work the same by just creating not needed artificial employments so short term pain for some unlucky people can be exchanged for plenty of long term pain on the spanish budget and the taxpayers who contribute to it . 
  do n't think i do n't sympathize with those workers , i do , but there is no good and bad solution in that case , just bad and even worse . 
  are you sure ? , where i live for instance every time that a couple friends go to a bar/restaurant and someone declares he 's going to pay for all he creates a big friendly argument normally ending with some sort of a compromise `` allowing but capping his generosity '' . 
  any big favour is almost never just accepted outright . 
  that 's because at low growth productivity rise diminishes the need for new employment and might even lead to additional job cuts .
