  but as you can see now that output and new orders growth finally picked up to a higher pace in 2014 there are also new jobs created . 
  these problems you mentioned do have a lot to do with barriers and unfriendly business environment . 
  they 're in no ways separate from each other . 
  well if those unemployed people in spain do n't believe in actual reliable statistics like this that say spain is growing again then i 'm not really surprised they 're unemployed . 
  they would n't get a job in my company that 's for sure . 
  so in your world recession in spain will officially end when you and your friends will get jobs ? 
  yes you sure do know more than the authors of this report employed at markit that had too do a lot of research to be able to publish this . 
  and learn that you have to give dates to figures . 
  i found this funny  in belgium you have many problems with romans and if they are close to your city the possibility on an increase of criminality is high reminded me of something like this : http://i35.servimg.com/u/f35/16/05/84/71/rtw_210.jpg as romans causing trouble in belgium again, 
  and just a week before that the situation in that region was like that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxt41pqbjpu nature has gone from nicely romantic with an unusual amount of water everywhere to fully brutal with everything covered in ice in a few days . 
  i was without power and heating three days and now that it finally came back a few hours ago its all fun and games , sometimes you 're just unusually happy when some bad things end , 
   and those doom-sayers are just jerks this is kinda true through , many just participate in specific gloomy circle-jerks that are liked and supported by the core readers of each media even if the writers know the chances of their scenarios happening are almost nonexistent . 
  therefore i often feel there is no need to deconstruct their arguments , they likely do n't fully believe in them either but have to deliver something `` edgy '' for their readers . 
  i 'm not talking about aep , i barely know him , but mostly about my experience from my own country . 
  right , italy 's problem is more the internal services sector that is still struggling after the crisis than the industry which despite the stereotypes is highly competitive in many sectors and is currently growing . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.markiteconomics.com/survey/pressrelease.mvc/96b0cc2204e6440b8bf31f7575c03bd8 ) is the latest report on the developments in italian manufacturing , it is rather good . 
  then put examples where they were n't a failure ... 
  ok good , thank you . 
  and no i was n't describing neutralgreek with that , just people i believe are actually helpful towards improving society . 
  through the fourth point is debatable , france is falling behind the rest of eu in growth and new employment so now hollande is trying to change his policies , hopefully to turn things around . 
  you do n't need that scenario also in greece , hardore leftists have never brought prosperity but only made things worse . 
  as for radical action how about making an opposition that relies on real pragmatism and not just ideas that have already failed many times in history . 
  that would probably be the most radical unexpected thing that could happen in greece . 
  good post . 
  we are also without electricity here in many areas around kamnik and i 'm not sure if i 'm a retard for draining the battery out of my gallaxy for things like reddit but oh well such days get quickly boring ... you constantly hear cracking in the woods , they must be like a deathtrap right now and the roads are literally frozen . 
  many of the forests here were already ravaged by the typhoon a few years ago and now i hope this does n't mean they 'll have to start recovering from all over again . 
  i also hope people have some food in their fridges that does n't need cooking as this might still last some time ... fucking weird climate . 
  no there is a difference between someone who is always striving to be better and is never truly satisfied with his performance but is confident about himself and someone who is so negativistic that he believes only some unknown radical action can perhaps save things from doom . 
  so here 's a challenge for ya : name 3 things you believe are going in the right direction in greece , i do n't believe you ever mentioned one in your posts . 
  at least neutralgreek is not just laying in a pond of misfortune/negativism and can actually see the potential of his nation even if sometimes in a bit dreamy way . 
  meanwhile you just seem determined to reject any good news about greece and keep living in your world where everything is lost and nothing really matters . 
  i actually kinda like the sport , but i find nfl just a pain to watch on tv . 
  there are constant breaks and commercials , statistics all over the screen and often two annoying commentators who like to talk over each other . 
  all that can just turn you off over having much interest in superbowl ... through i 'd love to watch a live game of american football in the us one day :-), 
  i would guess that often countries that are lagging in some new technology at first later overtake the `` pacemakers '' as the latter do n't think it 's worth the cost to update the slightly aged infrastructure just yet . 
  i would rather say you french have a bit weird definitions of city sizes and populations based on some old borders that often do n't include modern urban areas . 
  the way romanians count city populations is rather normal . 
  ok then i guess we have different friends , collegues and family members . 
  from my experience through the majority of slovenes i know do n't take him serious , this is n't just my subjective bias against him but an actual observation . 
  have i offended you mate ? , anyway being the smartest `` guy in the room '' is n't really some great compliment and does n't imply you stand out amongst numerous other philosophers , social critics and similar ... , and a lot of what he says are pretty stereotypical things you could expect from someone of his education , especially in slovenia . 
   do n't be so pessimistic . 
  once you 're older than 18 , things get easier . 
  for most people it gets easier , but then there are also people like old-age modern marxists who as it appears have n't become any brighter with age . 
  man i will never understand how that guy got so popular worldwide , i think most slovenes always thought of him as just some nutty `` philosopher '' , yet he somehow became pretty known outside of the country . 
  well it is spoken by quite a lot of people at the coast and in the west near the italian border. , i think they learn italian as a second foreign language at school there while german takes precedence in the north and east of the country . 
  i do know the basic political ideology of communism , it 's just that it does n't actually matter as it can only melt away and change into something else as soon as it sees the light of the real world . 
  ( through the original idea is n't free from violence either and is pretty fucked up on its own )  the dictatorship of the proletariat yes this surely sounds lovely , such a nice orwellian term , what bad can come from a dictatorship ? 
   old bourgeoise powers are dispossesed and neutralized even more nice euphemisms . 
  this objective has been pretty successfully completed in eastern europe after the war with many large and small capitalists killed for not being loyal to `` the cause '' enough ( or just so the state can more easily seize their factories and farms ) . 
  i guess you support that . 
   in the soviet union the transition to communism never happened because stalin usurped power and executed his trotskyist and anarcho-communist opposition . 
  this is why you 'll , as early as 1920 , see radical leftists like the famous anarcho-communist petr kropotkin denounce the soviet system . 
  so what bad luck happened with leadership and all went downwards ? 
  it 's a badly constructed system if some fucktard can easily get such large amount of power to be able to freely terrorize the populace . 
  you ca n't just say `` oh well bad luck , maybe next time will be better and there wo n't be a dictator '' and still believe it will be better despite experience from around the world showing otherwise . 
  you like definitions right , has anybody ever tell you the definition of insanity ... 
  please explain why is he a cunt . 
   we also forget all the socialist systems which do work well : venezuela , bolivia , argentina etc. 
  oh god , you seriously think venezuela and argentina are doing well ? 
  have you paid any attention on what has been happening there recently ? 
  please visit those countries one day , they are a mess and it 's only getting worse down there . 
  that 's your problem right here , you ca n't actually learn from real experience when it comes to ideas you support , you can only choose and defend them according to your liking of the general theory around them . 
  wow textbook definitions . 
  like it or not the meanings of political terms have been shaped more by historical usage and people 's experience of it then some old textbook theories people read in christiania . 
  even today every modern ( self-proclaimed ) communist party supports a larger and more powerful state and fiercely protests when some of that power is taken away from the central government . 
  so explain to me how do communists strive for a stateless society when they already go berserk when the state loses control over 1/5 of some energy company ? 
   there has never been such a thing as a commuist society , hence , no one can have suffered under one . 
  oh this is such a cliche thing to say , i guess when things fail it just stops being communism and becomes something else entirely so it does n't taint the original `` pure '' ideologues . 
  yes i know your kind and how do you think : 90 % of the voters are simple minded idiots and the 10 % of the most `` enlightened '' should show them the `` real proper '' way to better themselves and improve their livelihood , possibly in a revolutionary way if other ways fail . 
  have you ever through of the possibility it 's the other way around ? 
  you claim there is nothing archaic about radical leftism , yet use a term like `` class consciousness '' , really now ? 
  what do you think people that really suffered under communism would think about some modern day scandinavian complaining that politicians in his country are too centre-oriented or who 'd boast that there still remain some `` true socialists/communists '' in one other opposition party ? 
  i guess they saw the need to become more moderate and modern which can only be lauded . 
  its unfortunate through that many of their members are still stuck in their old ways and support such disastrous things as `` democratic '' socialism . 
  if you want to be anything more then a small fringe party you must reject much ideas and come closer to the healthier more common ways of thinking . 
  and what 's with the downvotes i got on my last comment , is this sub really so hostile to any opinions that differ from normal leftist views . 
  yup , my mistake . 
  thanks for warning me . 
  spd are pretty courageous but yes probably not enough to sell a stake in a state energy firm on their own . 
  got ta have respect for the danish social democrats for not bowing down to the radical leftists . 
  haha that 's the village i come from on the first photo . 
  quite a coincidence to see it here on this sub . 
  some of my old photos of the area . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://shrani.si/f/0/13t/1vub49fd/3353570.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://shrani.si/f/3h/jj/4hzclue2/pc260053.jpg ) photo from my little childhood [ 3 ] ( http://shrani.si/f/3k/ip/3xniert2/1080811.jpg ), 
  well yes sort of . 
  the more valleys , hills , forests , rivers ... a country has the more diverse it is i think . 
  there deep in the swiss , austrian , italian ... alpine regions almost every valley has its own accent despite close geographical proximity  and do n't tell me that nickname is something else then a joke , here around my villages young men easily can smack a couple of `` za dom spremni '' types until they decide to go back to zagreb crying from injures . 
  slovenia : styria ( the east ) : more open , talkative , generous people then the rest but also possibly annoying . 
  have bit of an inferiority victim complex . 
  northwest ( the alps ) : simple direct people , generally honest through stingy and insular . 
  the coast : under italian influence so with a more mediterranean attitude . 
  ljubljana : smug liberals , more educated but not very bright and lacking common sense and useful skills, 
  http://www.markiteconomics.com/survey/pressrelease.mvc/9265238f7fd24e47ae4c056350e1944c oh c'mon france is currently pretty much the biggest laggard in the eu and hollande deserves a lot of blame for that , there is no point in the need to ignore that and blame the euro . 
  the far south-western region on the hungarian border seems to kinda stand out , is there any specific reason why people there vote more like in eastern ukraine and have voted for janukovych in the 2010 elections ? 
  so have you been in those areas ? 
  it 's not just about poverty , there is nothing european about those places . 
  romania can be sort of like the rest of europe from the past sure , but that turkey is just something else ... 2 . 
  well you make it seem like every anti-turkey accession person is simply a prejudiced bigot . 
  stop with the `` i 'm a naive morally superior person '' attitude then you might have a better luck dispelling in many ways a rational and understandable opposition towards turkish membership . 
  western balkans ?
