that 's akin to suggesting the united states break-up along similar lines - a separate nation for the south , the northeast , california , texas , the rocky mountain states , etc. 
  which is silly . 
  every nation has multiple ethnic groups attempting to form a single whole , with all the attendant difficulties of differences in culture , religion , education , economic prosperity , and problems of discrimination and racial hatred . 
  every nation must struggle to resolve the differences and manage the problems . 
  the solution is usually not to break the nation up . 
  if it were , then every nation would splinter into ever smaller and smaller factions . 
  i understand the idea of disciplining a nato member who is not adhering to the fundamental nato principles . 
  but i do not see how this benefits the nato countries or the region in general . 
  if we kicked turkey out of nato , russia would benefit tremendously . 
  russia certainly does not like having a major nato member at its border . 
  for this reason , what weiss is suggesting simply will not happen . 
  and it is precisely for this reason that turkey is permitted to get away with some bad behavior . 
  but is it turkey 's fault there is a civil war in a neighboring country , causing a massive influx of refugees ? 
  they are trying to deal with an impossible situation . 
  that is not what you can reasonably call bad behavior . 
  perhaps they are not handling it too well . 
  but rather than castigate them and throw them out of the alliance , they need to be provided more assistance to deal with the multiple crises at their borders . 
  minitru has determined some search results to contain doubleplusungood information . 
  those servers operators are being sent to minilove for reconditioning . 
   i wonder where the cash will go when investors head for the exits . 
  it is quite a confusing thing to imagine . 
  that 's the big question that i wonder myself . 
  it 's frightening to conceive . 
  the effects are likely to be unpredictable , chaotic , and severely adverse . 
  yes , yes , very good points . 
  negative interest rates are now causing people to purchase bonds in hopes that rates will go even * deeper * into negative territory , causing the value of their bonds to go up . 
  this is causing is bond speculation , and the result has been a massive bond bubble . 
  what happens when that bond bubble pops ? 
  i ca n't begin to imagine , but it 's likely to be horrendous . 
  bond holders will be rushing for the exits and we will experience a global bond market dislocation the likes of which has not been seen in modern times . 
   it 's not just chinese btw you can ** lump ** us germans in there much as well too . 
  re lumping - i was just making a joke in reference to what you said above . 
  germany is lumped with china and japan regarding savers who merely * save * their money rather than * invest * it . 
  consider yourselves lumped . 
   and of course , as you could have guessed , the japanese are in exactly the same boat , which is why , try as they might , and go into negative interest rate territory as they have , they simply can not get the japanese people to spend their hard-earned savings . 
  the point of savings in a capitalist system is for banks to use the savings for investments , giving themselves a decent profit and a modest rate of return for the savers . 
  it is not necessary , usually , for the savers to do the investing themselves . 
  capitalism needs capital . 
  that is why we should value and prize the savers . 
  they are the prudent and wise ones , without whom capitalism will lose a significant source of capital . 
  and in the present era , it has , because people are now forced by zero interest rates to dump their money markets in search of higher returns , and at a higher risk . 
  can you blame them for being risk averse in the current environment ? 
  these days , everybody is forced to accept low returns in overly-cautious investments , or gamble in the stock market . 
  i do n't know how much money the chinese government is putting into american corporations in the form of share purchases . 
  i suspect the number is significant , but i can only speculate as i doubt they 're very public with those activities . 
  when you say they do n't want to invest their trade surpluses into western deficit nations , that they 're putting those surpluses into what are essentially forms of savings , some of those actions are a still a strong benefit to the west . 
  let 's consider china . 
  china 's trade surplus wealth is coming back to the west in the following ways : * purchasing us treasuries . 
  without their support of us currency with treasury purchases , us borrowing capacity would be limited and pressured by higher interest rates . 
  their purchases help fuel continued us economic growth and finance the deficit , one that is likely to never be repaid , but rolled-over into new debt . 
  this is more than a reinvestment of the trade surplus . 
  it is a surplus rebate . 
  * purchasing real-estate in the west , united states . 
  this supported the us housing market during the bust and kept prices stable . 
  the downside is that , as you said , wealthy chinese have priced young americans out of housing markets on the west coast of the united states and vancouver . 
  we are seeing an entire generation of younger americans being consigned to apartment-dwelling for most of their adult lives by chinese . 
  it 's maddening . 
  * purchasing foreign companies , mining and resource companies , banks , tech companies . 
  some of these purchases have been blocked , while others are quietly going thru . 
  chinese banks are making investments of the trade surplus globally in the first world , not necessarily in each case purchasing companies outright , but buying shares , etc. 
  china 's massive monolithic population is many ways a hindrance to development , and mostly a liability . 
  and it is not exactly monolithic , at least as regards ethnic considerations . 
  within china there are over a dozen recognized ethnic minorities , many of whom are considered inferior by the han majority , and many of whom are severely repressed , occupying a lower rung of the national ethnic stratum . 
  there are by no means a single , unified whole moving in concert together towards the nation 's collective economic benefit . 
  the trend being caused by this global labor arbitrage is not to distribute wealth evenly about the world , but to make all laborers equally wealthy , or equally poor as the case may be . 
  so far it has been the latter , causing immense concentration of wealth in the hands of capital , while forcing global labor to compete with the lowest bidder , which has been china for the last few decades . 
  it has less to do with `` nations '' per se , but labor forces of those nations . 
  there is an important distinction here between labor and capital . 
  nations are important regarding the geographical constraints of labor , environmental considerations that restrict how industry is managed , and what protections are given to labor . 
  laborers are confined to their home nation , with the exceptions for migrant labor . 
  capital is far less restricted . 
  in the hierarchy of these economic forces , capital exists exterior to , and to some extent , above nations , to the degree that it is superior to the labor forces of nations . 
  this is specifically [ global labor arbitrage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_labor_arbitrage ) . 
  i 've often wondered , where does it end ? 
  i suspect it ends when the arbitrage is no longer profitable , i.e. 
  in gross terms , the global cost of labor has reached equilibrium among all participating nations . 
  there are factors which complicate the equilibrium , for example , the cost of transporting goods via ocean freight , the costs associated with language and cultural barriers , losses due to inferior quality or skill of labor , disruptions due to war , social , or economic turmoil , etc. 
  the trend towards automation will speed the movement towards this equilibrium . 
  interestingly , it should also reverse the flow of jobs out of first world nations . 
  jobs will return to first world nations from places like china , but now to be performed by robots rather than people , at a cost comparable to the cost of the foreign labor . 
  that does n't stop people from attempting to establish it . 
  the whole point of the olympics is to set aside politics and host a competition between nations in the athletic realm . 
  when someone makes an overtly political gesture as showing a flag of the eu , that crosses a certain boundary of prudence . 
  it 's a different matter than for a kosovanian to compete for her nation for the first time . 
  yes , there is a political element inherent in that situation . 
  but the politics of it were settled outside this olympiad , and are not an issue in the arena of competition . 
  as regards tibet , there was no independent nation of tibet competing , and the olympics in china successfully ignored the matter completely . 
  and perhaps that is best , for to bring that into the olympiad would have tainted the spirit of the games . 
  i say that as someone who respects the nation and history of china , while desirous of the restoration of a sovereign tibet . 
  if you decide that it is acceptable for athletes to make political gestures once they have achieved victory and have the attention of the world , then you must accept whatever their gesture , including ones that may not be palatable to the vast majority of people . 
  for it is not the quality of the gesture that grants them permission to offer it , but the prowess of their athleticism which has allowed them to ascend the pedestal of victory . 
  so if it were 1936 , we must accept both the fists raised in assertion of righteous black power as well as the hail in salute of nazi might . 
  that is , we must accept it if you truly believe in the principle of such expression as inherently granted to the victor . 
  such optimism !, 
  but i fear it is fatally unrealistic and doomed to failure , for it denies karma and fate its due . 
  we can only make our future if we confront the unpaid debts of history . 
  until then , we are dreaming a fantasy of a future that will never come , while ignoring the unhealed wounds of the past that demand our penance . 
  then how about a flag for tibet , and maybe also for palestine ? 
  should n't they too be included in the games , as long as we 're in the spirit of being inclusive ? 
  that really sounds fantastic .
