  warsaw , pozna\u0144 , wroc\u0142aw , gda\u0144sk and cracow , except few vocabulary distinctions . 
  tl ; dr it 's nowhere as diverse , as french , british , german , spanish , or italian dialects . 
   iran is still a theocracy . 
  iran is still the country where being gay is criminalized and can result in a death sentence , same with leaving islam . 
   oh and of course , this little thing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_iran and still it 's one of few most democratic countries in middle east . 
  only few are better - of course israel , then turkey , probably jordan , lebanon and tunisia , may be also iraqi kurdistan . 
  period . 
  everything else is worse , some much worse ( saudia is an obvious point here ) . 
  and sending weapons to saddam hussein ( hand in hand with soviets , btw ) , helping in war where hundreds of thousands iranians died . 
   the part about your country 's government changing the constitution for their own advantage does make a valid argument , i have to agree . 
  and that 's the reason of pis attack on tribunal . 
   cologne 's police chef falsely stating that `` refugees '' had nothing to do with the nye crimes is just one case among others . 
  one side is saying syrians have nothing to do with that , other one that it 's them who did it . 
  while i 'm sure , that truth is somewhere in between ( that there were some syrians involved , but it would happen without them anyway ) . 
  maybe somebody from k\u00f6ln can comment that - i 've heard , that similar ( although of course smaller ) incidents happened there ( this site , near station ) in past years . 
  nevertheless , to me telling - or not - who the assaultants were is n't a major problem . 
  why there was no police there , at site , preventing any incidents - that 's the question . 
  although some historians consider pozna\u0144 to be more accurate bet . 
  sadly , i have to agree . 
   self-repair ability would imply that the conditions that led to censorship in germany have been eliminated , so that it ca n't just repeat itself . 
  they were at least addressed . 
  however we should probably try to see it from german point of view . 
  i will quote an interesting opinion ( [ from reddit polandball ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/40t108/tension/cywyegh ) ) : `` yeah , this is the fucking dualism you have to live with as a german . 
  on one hand you got the people complaining that our police did n't do anything in cologne on new years eve , because they were afraid of being called out as racist , saying we should come over our guilt of world war ii and all this stuff . 
  but then when germany actually does criticize you can queue up the nazi comparisons . '', 
   neither is affected by government . 
  yes , it is - although indirectly . 
  government can create a climate , where such minorities can feel whether they feel welcome , or not . 
  and if government is supporting intolerance ( just giving a verbal , non-direct acquiescence ) , someone bad can feel impunity and entitlement to act against minorities . 
   yeah , self-censoring press is definitely not a threat to freedom in germany self-censoring ? 
  it 's german press itself who reacted to problem of self-censoring , before politicians . 
  good democracy has ability of self-repair , and german is a good example of that . 
  also , good democracy is depending on compromise . 
  compromise = good . 
  while we poles still tend to view compromise as something bad ( zgni\u0142y kompromis , rotten compromise ) . 
  germany at 2nd place . 
  and still most of people here in poland believe eu to be german tool :( i 'm afraid we 'll get much higher up in similar chart for 2016-2019 . 
   for some reason russians even borrowed a polish word for hungarians . 
  russians borrowed many polish world in 16-17th centuries , when commonwealth was a major gateway of western culture to russia . 
  polish single - niemiec . 
  which is also genitive of niemcy , btw . 
  why ? 
  just slavic declension . 
  complicated thing , so do n't bother unless you want to learn language . 
  it never was . 
  only pronounced . 
  some ? 
  there 's so many of them , that i have to check even here - as you see . 
  i 'm not even sure , if you 're serious , or just sarcastic ... 
  polan stronk !, 
  polan rose from knees !, 
  ... and fell on its head :(, 
  we exchanged petty thieves for retard coockoolanders . 
  sincerely , i 'm not sure what 's worse . 
  cdu and spd are big parties , with many members , often `` common people '' , not active politicians . 
  while most parties in poland are small ( 20-30 thousand members top ) , and actually being a member of any party is widely considered as something shameful . 
   it was called `` civic platform '' , and i 'm not falling for this same trick again . 
  po was made of many politicians active in different parties for some years , mostly in uw . 
  tusk , olechowski , p\u0142a\u017cy\u0144ski , rokita , schetyna - they were old faces even back then ( in 2001 ) . 
  on the other hand , most of . nowoczesna politicians has no past political career ( except petru , but he was out of politics for over the decade , and even then he was just an assistant to balcerowicz ) , and if they have . 
  unfortunately i have to agree . 
  i would prefer them to fall earlier ... but we need an effective vaccination . 
  it wo n't be pretty , but we survived worse . 
  [ conspiracy revealed !, 
  not even talking about swiss franc . 
  i wonder what credit holders who voted for duda ( promising help to them ) think now ... 
   there are way more affairs caused by po than by pis po ruled , so had more opportunities . 
  but skok scandal and other smaller affairs ( like nepotism in wo\u0142omin , kurski 's forest house , or madrid trio ) proves , that pis would be at least equal . 
   am i wrong or petru was schetyna 's opponent for the role of po 's leader ? 
  you 're wrong , it was siemoniak ( and budka also , earlier ) . 
   am i wrong or tusk was saying that it 's profitable since poland will accept euro soon ? 
  and it would be , if we accepted euro then . 
  although whole 2008 crisis stopped it `` a little '' . 
  nevertheless - whole swiss franc credits affair is n't any government fault . 
   instead they disarmed the external eastern border of eu ( russia and ukraine say hello ) therefor weaking the union . 
  they worked to assure german ( or actually , chancellor merkel ) support for anti-russian sanctions . 
  i 'm not sure if pis is able to get them prolonged . 
   but we ca n't do this by choosing po . 
  yes , not anymore . 
  as i said - they outlived their usefulness . 
   that 's what po is doing now . 
  that 's what tomasz lis did , whom you may know not only from newsweek but also from kod 's demonstrations . 
  your memory is short , pis ( or more precisely , then-ep deputy a. duda ) did the same : http://www.portalsamorzadowy.pl/polityka-i-spoleczenstwo/wybory-samorzadowe-wysluchanie-pt-nieprawidlowosci-w-wyborach-samorzadowych-jako-zagrozenie-dla-demokracji-w-polsce-pod-ostra-kr,66055.html and if we are talking about targowica - if you do n't see russian hand ( or at least gain ) from pis policies , you 're blind . 
  both orban and kaczy\u0144ski are `` useful idiots '' of kremlin . 
   now the judges in tk . 
  2 out of 5 chosen by po were nominated in an illegal way . 
  again , idiotic incompetence on their side . 
   when pis was in opposition they did n't scream and shout like pigs that lost their trough . 
  they dealt with the fact that they are in an opposition . 
  we have clearly different memories . 
  but you know what ? 
  it 's clear , that we have entirely different views of reality . 
  you will walk away from this conversation being sure you 're right , and i 'm delusional . 
  and sincerely , i will feel the same , just * au contraire * . 
  sincerely speaking , i 'm afraid you 're hopelessly brainwashed ... although i 'm sane enough to suspect you think the same about me . 
  our sides are unable to understand each other . 
  we 're getting nowhere - so i fold . 
  and russian support , even if they are n't aware of it . 
   and by your logic pis and po are now equal equal in being corrupt . 
  but very different in most other fields , and that 's why it matters .
