  think of the liberal democrats that rely on you for leadership !, 
  or alternatively they ( half of them , actually ) supported the rise in tuition fees because they bartered with the conservatives as the minority partner in the coalition and got to reform the process of paying back the loans to be less of a financial strain , particularly on poorer students . 
  i 'll miss the banter between him and farage . 
  political disenfranchisement is a real issue , one that i think contributed to the result of the referendum . 
  considering how many brexiters were obsessed with accountable , fair democracy , i imagine many of them will be equally enthusiastic about a reform of the voting system to one that is more proportional , encourages voter action and engagement , and gives more power to the people . 
  it 's just banter , lad . 
   the uk wants to fundamentally change the entire structure of the eu body for everybody to make it fairer and less constricting the hell it is . 
  the uk wants all benefits of membership without anything we deem undesirable . 
  the leave campaign promised the world and then the day after the result decided to change to `` lol it was just a ` suggestion ' '' . 
  the eu has been used as a scapegoat for everything over the last few years , and the government did nothing to educate people on what the eu actually do for us . 
   the uk yet again stood up for proper democracy and self determination and had the balls to say enough is enough . 
  at least learn about how the eu works before dismissing it as some sort of german dictatorship . 
  the leave campaign won through spreading outright lies , uniting communists , libertarians , nationalists , and supremacists and many more very different groups all under the same tent , knowing full well that none of those groups will be happy with the end result . 
  the uk has yet again shown us that people will be extremely keen to vote against their own self interests if presented with vague , emotive language about an organisation , treated as a universal scapegoat , that many are actually wilfully ignorant of . 
  i do n't know the numbers , but jews are almost always presented as the main `` victims '' of banning circumcision . 
  circumcision is not just an islamic practice . 
  i do n't care about what the koreans do , i 'm not korean and i do n't live in korea . 
  what i object to is calling south korea a liberal country . 
  considering the conversation was on how accepting a country is of homosexuality , i assumed `` liberal '' here meant `` social liberal '' . 
  south korea engages heavily in censorship ( including of content critical of the government ) , online content the government disapproves of requires disclosing your identity number to view , and distribution of pornography is a crime punishable by prison . 
  if south korea was in europe and not in asia , they would not have the good reputation they have now . 
   south korea as a liberal democracy dear god , south korea is * not * liberal in any sense of the word . 
  democratic , maybe . 
  liberal , absolutely not . 
  the uk is the most pro-ttip eu nation . 
  only if we assume every pirate would buy the product given the absence of torrents and the like . 
  huh , is that why i never see full-body shots of osborne ? 
  alright , a * group * within germany does n't want refugees . 
  such groups do n't have many opportunities to exist in ee because there are very few refugees there in the first place . 
  hey , i 'm not saying they really can do anything , but the simple fact that more refugees are coming in drives certain groups and vigilantes to violence . 
  not only are ee governments unfriendly towards the migrants , they generally skedaddle west anyway so there are far fewer opportunities for such attacks . 
  it seems the germans do n't want refugees , while their government does . 
  eastern europeans , on the other hand , are all fully aware they do n't want refugees and their governments act accordingly . 
  it 's likely because that 's the only contributing factor we know so far . 
  hm , yeah , what better opportunity to shoehorn in a self-righteous comment than in a thread about a dead teen . 
  the migrant crisis , terrorism , concerns over mass immigration , all are causing unrest throughout europe . 
  people see the current parties are n't dealing with the problem satisfactorily which gives a huge opportunity for more extreme parties to get into power . 
  yes , unfortunately youth suicide rates are continuously increasing . 
  it 's an incredibly complex problem that racism ca n't be solely blamed for , but this particular post is about a suicide that * is * likely to have been caused by racism to at least some degree . 
  how many more military bases do you want ? 
  no , he 's just using `` liberal '' like an american would which is synonymous with the democratic party and it 's supporters , and often nowhere close to actual liberalism . 
  i do n't know , affordable healthcare and education along with generally more friendly police forces makes europe a bit more appealing to me . 
  hold up , how is prosecution of satire `` taking liberalism too far '' ? 
  this is literally the opposite of liberalism , it 's punishing someone for the despicable crime of making a mean poem about some twat in charge of another country . 
  hm , i 'm no quantum physicist , but i 'm pretty sure americans proud of their heritage can recite the whole thing from memory with 100 % accuracy . 
  this leads me to believe that you are in fact not american , and are trying to mislead me . 
  however , i do know that no one on the internet lies , so that is impossible . 
  given the information we have , we can assume you are half-native american and half-nordic , but because your european heritage is not the majority , you are unfortunately unable to apply for a pan-european citizenship . 
  i 'm sorry , and thank you for your service . 
  but since you 're only 1/16 norwegian , there is at least one more nationality that is more prominent . 
  you ca n't be 1/1 norwegian and 1/1 something else , you 'd end up being at least two people which is impossible . 
  we need to know the whole story to come to a logical consensus . 
  you 're only 1/16 norwegian ? 
  can you give us a full rundown of your family fractions ? 
  we need that to decide what kind of european you really are . 
  well , given how many generations there have been since the us was formed , it 's a rather limited subset of fractions taking the form 1/x \u00b2 . 
  first of all , refugees are supposed to be temporary . 
  refugee laws state that they should return to their home nation as soon as it is safe . 
  secondly , refugees are on average less educated than germans . 
  unless germany decides to focus much more on heavy labour , the refugees will not be able to provide the services needed in germany . 
  the government either needs to encourage having more children or bring in educated * immigrants * from other countries . 
  i can carry my mug with me , if need be . 
  it would be quite difficult to drink at all if i had no head . 
  disturbing me in the morning is n't really the same as decapitating me , methinks . 
  banter . 
  the same one welcoming khan with ( mostly ) open arms ? 
  terrible , terrible i say . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  the people who want to destroy the eu are generally isolationist , and the main reason we ca n't imagine another continental war now is because the eu in its various incarnations was responsible for intertwining european economies and making war economic suicide . 
  if isolationists/protectionists get their way and get in power , the likelihood of war would skyrocket , and we already see parties like the danish people 's party engage in territory squabbles . 
  good to know that `` balls '' means stubborn panic and fear mongering about the eu at home and submitting to one of the most pro-european groups in brussels . 
  you macho types sure do know how to pick your politicians . 
  why is there an american parrot , but not a european one ? 
  ruined !, 
  sad !, 
  new overlord does n't mean `` replacement overlord '' . 
  or the part where they/we ( ? ), 
  pushed for eastern expansion , did n't use the temporary travel restriction , and complained there were too many eastern europeans . 
   bringing in masses of hyperreligious adults hey now , when it comes to poland they 're already there . 
  the government is giving away money to people who make babies , so this is n't really unexpected . 
  he was doing so well too . 
  and which of those took place in europe ? 
  actually pvv nosedived in the polls after the debacle with erdogan and was doing underperforming in the lead up to the election . 
  polls were pretty accurate all things considered , people just changed their minds closer to the election . 
  because that 's longer than `` rebel '' . 
  see ( from the uk ) https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/feb/04/brexit-rebel-tulip-siddiq-voting-for-article-50-would-have-felt-like-a-betrayal http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/19/rebel-members-jeremy-corbyns-shadow-cabinet-preparing-vote-against/ http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/staggers/2017/02/mps-who-voted-against-article-50 i got these articles straight off google , but they show the use of `` rebel '' . 
  with 13 % , one seat more than the cda or d66 . 
  he underperformed massively compared to his polling levels , and got less of the vote share than he did in 2010 . 
  `` leader of the free world '' is a meaningless americanism . 
  is this a joke ? 
  members of parliament who vote against common consensus are called rebels . 
  if a conservative party mp votes against the snooper 's charter they are a rebel , if an alde mep votes against ceta they are a rebel , if a cdu mp voted in support of gay marriage they would be a rebel . 
  it 's common political terminology . 
  nation states should be left to fight and struggle in peace !, 
  down with globalism !, 
  still like nick tbh, 
  bad idea , if only because it will harm the eu 's reputation . 
  are any other ep groups agreeing ? 
  19 seats not 19 % .
