  and what percentage of the mighty 52 % wanted this `` out out '' ? 
  which means sweet fuck-all . 
  out of the eu . 
  is norway in the eu ? 
  is iceland in the eu ? 
  is switzerland in the eu ? 
  brexiteers were very keen to trumpet the advantages of eea membership over that of the eu , why the sudden change of tone ? 
  `` will of the people '' . 
  she is taking the most extreme interpretation of `` leave the eu '' possible and will use it solely for the gain of the conservative party regardless of the consequence . 
  ah , that 's correct . 
  regardless , the conservatives had majority control and were led by david cameron at both occasions . 
  the conservative-backed stronger together campaign regularly stressed how a vote to leave the uk would be a vote for scotland to leave the eu . 
  both clinton 's popular vote victory and leave victory were within the margin of error , and many polls close to the brexit referendum had leave coming out on top . 
  the referendum did not take place under the coalition . 
  it took place in [ 2016 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_referendum_on_the_british_membership_in_the_european_union ) , while the coalition government disbanded in 2015 . 
  every eu political event like that should be much more publicly visible . 
  yes , the predictions based on those polls were n't . 
  the referendum was under the conservative government . 
  the lib dems had basically no input on the situation . 
  guys , i 've come up with a foolproof political strategy , hear me out . 
  run on a manifesto with popular , selfless policies 2 . 
  change leader 4 . 
  free mandate for total manifesto overhaul :\\ ^ ), 
  all the `` unelected bureaucrats '' are member state representatives loyal to the national government . 
  death 666 ? 
  most of those are n't even modernist , they 're brutalist . 
  i assume it 's because it 's a very extreme ( and unpopular ) position to take , you can have moderate market liberals who disagree with that level of deregulation . 
  if you looked closely you could probably find a minor party which would be happy to do exactly what i described , but actually trying to implement such policies would very likely result in protests or even riots by economic progressives and people who rely on the government for support in one way or another , not to mention that they would have to get voted into government first . 
   given the fact that everything is heavily taxed and over-regulated that 's something an economically liberal party would want to stop . 
  i do n't know much about the situation in the netherlands , so i 'm taking what you say at face value . 
   is n't it ridiculous to pretend that `` liberalism '' is really even a possibility in dutch politics ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  there is nothing stopping the dutch government from decreasing taxes to their very minimum , getting rid of all legislation not mandated by the eu ( which is a lot of legislation to get rid of ) , and selling off all state-owned assets , so liberalism absolutely could exist in the netherlands if people actually voted for extreme market liberal parties . 
  i would say the republicans ( if speaking of the us party ) are much more socially conservative and much more protectionist than the vvd , and protectionism and economic liberalism are two conflicting ideologies . 
  economic liberals want minimal interference in the market . 
  less tax , fewer regulations , privatisation of publicly owned assets and so on , but also greater involvement in free , global trade . 
  economic progressives ( social democrats , social liberals ) generally want the opposite of that , with more tax to fund public assets like public healthcare and transport and more regulations to protect the market and regular people from exploitation by businesses . 
  protectionism is generally a separate political position defined only by putting preference on and `` unfairly '' protecting domestic businesses from foreign competition through tariffs and restrictions . 
  edit : this is speaking only of capitalist ideologies , of course , socialism and communism also have their own very distinct economic positions . 
  truth is that political parties can have a really big influence on their domestic economy at the very least , and a party 's economic positions are something you should really consider before going out to vote . 
  socially conservative , economically liberal . 
  why would the fdp get more votes than the republican party ? 
  the circumstances are hardly comparable . 
  donald tusk 's job is to represent the member states not the eu electorate . 
  nationalists throw a fit whenever power is taken from the states and given to the electorate , so we 're sort of stuck in this regard . 
  pis seems to have trouble with this whole union thing . 
  literally every eu government but theirs voted in support of tusk , and now they 're throwing a temper tantrum . 
   macron : 61 %  le pen : 39 %  easy win for le pen . 
  burning any religious text in denmark is punishable under blasphemy , and a muslim who burned a bible faced the same situation . 
  this is about outdated law , not diversity . 
  it would be fairly easy if every other member state and its electorate did n't flip their shit whenever the eu tried to do anything . 
  let pen 's employers do n't seem to be as strict when it comes to integrity . 
  good thing her employers ( the electors ) are n't the same as hospital management . 
  because she 's not one of the filthy liberal globalist metropolitan elite \u00ae . 
  do dutch prime ministers even have anything similar to the executive order ? 
  especially given that trump wanted the death penalty for both . 
  http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/312679-trump-in-2010-wanted-death-penalty-for-wikileaks trump , as contradictory as always , also said wikileaks ( staff , i assume ) deserves the death penalty . 
  http://redditmetrics.com/r/unitedkingdom other than that dip when abandoned accounts were deleted the sub count has been rising pretty steadily . 
  maybe the [ new liberals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_liberals ) can establish themselves somewhat this election . 
  i have to admire the guy for financing literally every ~ ~ anti ~ ~ non-nationalist party and movement in europe and north america . 
  so , you just want to vote out of spite ? 
  to be honest , if it ca n't be done through debate and reasoning , it ca n't be done at all . 
  violence will only make neutral people sympathetic towards their cause , so if there even is a solution violence is not it . 
  daily reminder that this sort of attitude does n't change opinions but entrenches them . 
  so many choices and you pick the worst one , smh, 
  well , he 's advocated the destruction of the eu . 
  if that 's over/underestimation , i do n't think the cdu has anything to worry about . 
  why ? 
  hm , i heard she was very pro-welfare state and so on in order to appeal to social democrats and socialists alienated by fillon . 
  that 's wrong then , i assume ? 
  [ why do you think that ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017#macron.e2.80.93le_pen ), 
  why would rightists ( assuming this means economic liberals ) want to vote le pen ? 
  her economic policies are closer to that of social democrats . 
  ( ( ( globalist liberal metropolitan elites . ) ) ), 
  i do n't think that applies to `` experts '' doing things outside their actual area of expertise . 
  worked fantastically in the past . 
  edit : sneaky `` rather than saying we will ignore what they say they want and tell them what is good for them . '', 
  appeared , presumably as a ninja edit ? 
  either way , it 's not ignoring them , it 's acknowledging that people can and will vote against their own interests . 
  actually , the lib dems got 8 seats total with 8 % of the vote . 
  out of 650 seats . 
  and the av referendum was n't proportional either . 
  the lds wanted an stv referendum but the tories had none of it . 
  average joes will be worst affected by the exit . 
  let us all rejoice that neither side of the negotiations will have your attitude . 
  considering all of those policies led to the eu becoming more democratic , accountable , and open , i am having trouble seeing the issue . 
  unless the simple fact that we are cooperating with our continental neighbours for once bothers you . 
   we did n't vote for any of this you also did n't vote for the creation of the nhs , the snooper 's charter , the invasion of iraq , northern ireland 's continued membership of the uk , and a significant reduction in green energy funding , yet i do n't hear you campaigning to secede from westminster to be governed as an independent entity by your local council . 
  as it turns out , the eu , like basically all european governments ( including our own , if you have n't realised ) are parliamentary democracies and not direct democracies , so national decision making is left to people whose full time job it is to understand and implement policy . 
  i think the vote to leave passed primarily because of the incessant scapegoating by the government and [ dishonest or outright false hit pieces by the media ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) , but ultimately i accept the result . 
  i just hope that the eu itself does n't dissolve because i quite fancy the idea of europe actually remaining relevant in the age of rapid economic and political development for previously poorer nations . 
  `` sovereignty '' wo n't stop an economy three times your size shafting you with a trade deal heavily skewed towards their individual benefit . 
  ha , perhaps my definition of `` ridiculously insulting '' changed a bit after hearing farage 's performances in the european parliament . 
  the eu is changing and reforming at a breakneck pace relative to other international organisations and even solitary nations . 
  the first `` prototype '' for a european union was created in 1952 , since when it 's gained a democratically elected parliament , a commission of appointed representatives of member states , international freedom of movement , a customs union , a common currency , and more or less completely destroyed the possibility of another intracontinental war by closely intertwining european economies . 
  it has been changing for the past 65 years and it still is changing now . 
  unless you wanted cameron to just go in there and make the eu our bitch , completely destroying their principles and foundations of member equality in the process , then perhaps the deal secured by him could be considered `` ridiculously insulting '' . 
  alright then . 
  if you want to be pedantic , it 's not a * privilege * but an * opportunity * , so that european nations can actually stand up to countries like the us and china , and , soon enough , booming economies like india , in trade negotiations .
