surely migrants speaking the language fluently ( amongst other things ) should be the ones to stay ? 
  if you say so , i guess ? 
  i mean , i 'd ask for a source but you ca n't really source that . 
  what do you mean by saying that men 's rights activists fight against female rights ? 
   they genuinely were fighting for male rights rather than against female ones what, 
  how exactly does a cow manage to avoid capture for two years ? 
  to be fair , he did have a sexy hat . 
  barbecues on public transport ? 
  madmen , the lot of you . 
  does the fist in the air represent any particular movement ? 
  europe has around 11 % of the world 's population , and declining . 
  if you want to complain about there being too many babies , turn to africa or asia . 
  question , how do you deal with glorification of people who want to kill you for exercising your right to free speech ? 
  is this a `` tolerate the intolerant '' situation or what ? 
  i do n't know about you , but i do n't think murdering people you disagree with is free speech . 
  quite the opposite , actually . 
  drawings of muhammad make fun of an old religious figure ( and caused artists to die ) . 
  exhibitions for suicide bombers glorify people who killed hundreds of people ( and i get the feeling these artists wo n't be brutally killed ) . 
  our mps not only get paid a salary that 's more than double the national average , they can ( and do ) claim absurd amounts in expenses . 
  people in power getting as much moolah as they can is nothing new . 
  and i 've never seen a chubby man with a bushy moustache wearing a suit and a bowler walking down the street with his bulldog , stereotypes linger regardless . 
  the us is a far cry from a functional multicultural society . 
  sure , you have the `` i 'm 1/2 ^ xth < ethnicity  ! '', 
  people , but they ( the states ) also have some pretty bad racial tension going on . 
  north korea claims to be the `` democratic people 's republic '' , so i would wager that if the state fell apart the now liberated people would be suspicious of both democracy and socialism initially ( regardless of whether the dprk was either ) . 
  worker 's day ( or equivalent ) would be associated with the oppressive regime more than the rights of labourers because of this , which in turn would cause a more negative reaction towards it than , say , in a frenchman or brit . 
  you do n't have to be a communist to support labour rights . 
  it 's hard to push post-colonial guilt on countries that did n't engage in colonialism . 
  eh , it 's just a guess . 
  if your nation is ruthlessly ruled by a state that claims to be socialist and by a party that claims to be of the workers you might start associating anything similar to that with them . 
  maybe eastern europeans with less-than-pleasant memories of socialism ? 
  `` moderate '' was meant to mean centre and soft right , sorry . 
  a crisis happened , and people think that the existing governments are doing a shit job of handling it . 
  the far right offers appealing solutions so they get more support . 
  as long as the more moderate/left parties currently in power do nothing to change this , voters are going to move to the parties they think will be the best for them . 
  i know who po and pis are , but what do nowoczesna stand for ? 
  do n't worry , happens to the best of us . 
  i was walking down the street and the next thing i knew i tripped and blew up a local train station . 
  what about the prime minister of niger ? 
  made our tests easier ? 
  [ you what ? 
  ] ( http://www.sats2016.co.uk/think-youd-pass-your-sats-in-2016/ ) tests are continuously being made harder !, 
  georgia and ukraine are probably regretting not arming sooner . 
   it is quite embarrasing to be the only few people on this world not being bigoted . 
  also impressive is an ego of that size . 
  * applause *, 
  omega ? 
  i 'm telling you , romania is the future eu superpower . 
  welp , now i 've got ta go pray that we do n't leave the eu . 
  people wanting to stay in the eu because they 're afraid of their national government ... shows how fantastic the tories/labour are more than anything . 
  that looks more like some lumpy , earthy vegetable than a penis . 
   how do you expect these countries to develop if there 's no people to help develop it for ? 
  eastern european nations are losing people , but there are still a while lot left behind . 
  the polish government , the romanian government , the slovakian government , they all still have tens of millions of people depending on them to provide their countries with a better future and the people with prospects which could even slightly match that of western europe . 
  if a bulgarian bloke grew up in a neighbourhood or area which has been neglected by the government for years , why would he stick around in the hopes that something changes ? 
  it 's much more logical for him to pack up and move to a more developed nation . 
  now he 's actually in control of his quality of life , as opposed to waiting for some dodgy bureaucrat to throw him a bone . 
   which is exactly the problem . 
  it seems like an upside to me . 
  what consequence of that is bad to the point of making schengen a `` disaster '' ? 
  speaking as a dirty immigrant , that 's because bulgaria/romania/etc is shit compared to where they 're going . 
  they could stay in bulgaria and work for breadcrumbs or they could move to the uk , germany , or france , where many more opportunities open up . 
  eastern european nations need to develop if they want to stop haemorrhaging people , because they prefer to be able to afford luxuries over keeping their countries populated . 
  even then , facilitating migration from ee to we is n't the main point of schengen . 
  it lets people from different european countries move between them without having to go through an immigration office at each border , similarly to crossing between states in the us , reducing hassle by quite a lot . 
   and that 's without them even being part of the schengen area . 
  so schengen is a bad idea because gypsies will come to your country despite their country of origin not being in schengen ? 
  what ? 
  schengen * is * a good idea , just not during a humanitarian crisis which sees huge amounts of people trying to enter europe as refugees . 
  make macedonia great again ? 
  i do n't know anything about him . 
  why is he a wanker ? 
  that is a terrible idea , especially in the uk . 
  boredom is a pretty shit excuse for supporting a murderous terrorist organisation . 
  does n't germany have some of the strictest hate speech/inappropriate speech laws in europe ? 
   lib dem : irrelevant . 
  a `` tory '' is basically a conservative . 
  the name comes from the historical british party the conservatives developed from , the [ tory party . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tories_%28british_political_party%29 ) conservatives ( centre-right to right ) - like privatisation , sell themselves on a policy of minimising public spending to decrease deficit , support mass surveillance , claim to oppose mass immigration but do n't really do much about it . 
  less tax , less benefit money . 
  multiple factions within the party , some anti-eu and some pro-eu . 
  opponents say they 're the party for the self-serving rich and corrupt who like to bully the poor , supporters say they 're doing what needs to be done to save the economy . 
  there are rumours going around that their leader and prime minister david cameron stuck his winkie in a pig 's head while in university . 
  labour ( centre to centre-left ) - main opposition to the conservatives , support increased public spending and keeping public services public , support mass surveillance , proponents of free migration and open borders . 
  opponents say that they 're economically irresponsible and will/have bankrupt ( ed ) the country and that they 're biased towards muslims and political correctness , supporters say they care about the poor and would work towards a fairer society . 
  recently elected jeremy corbyn , probably the most old-socialist leader they 've had in a long time , seen by many as unelectable . 
  scottish national party ( i do n't really know . ), 
  - stand for election only in scotland , where they hold almost every seat . 
  i do n't really know too much about them because of this , but they seem extremely popular with the scots . 
  support voting system reform to a proportional system . 
  opponents say they 're whiny scots that want to break up the union to spite the brits , supporters say that they 're one of the few parties that stand up and represent scotland fairly in the house of commons . 
  liberal democrats ( centre ) - minority partner in previous government coalition , annihilated in last election . 
  proponents of liberalism , including opposition to mass surveillance , think the conservatives go too far with privatisation , strongly in support of drug legalisation and voting reform , generally support free immigration and are very pro-eu . 
  opponents say they 're a party of traitors and pushovers ( due to the poor way they handled the student fee affair during the coalition ) or wishy-washy and unfit to rule . 
  supporters say they 're one of the only parties to stand up for human rights and liberties and a sane middle ground for those who are not blue enough for the conservatives and those who are not red enough for labour . 
  uk independence party ( right ) - main policy is leaving the eu , quite a libertarian outlook on the economy , support voting reform , oppose mass immigration , do n't know too much about their other policies . 
  quite often a source of controversy when members say something offensive , face quite a lot of infighting and are generally dysfunctional . 
  opponents say they 're racist or biased against the eu to the point of idiocy . 
  supporters say they want what 's best for the uk and will help create a strong , independent uk that is n't subservient to the eu . 
  farage has created a `` people person '' image for himself , often photographed smoking a cigar and drinking lager in a pub .
