  instead we got 50 years of communism . 
  so i say , when we were the victims of iiww we could at least be left alone at the end of it . 
  and thats pretty much what we fear now . 
  ok , nato will help , but will it care after all without its actual structures in poland ? 
  thats the question, 
  the glorious kurwa, 
  let me change that title for you `` poles dont want islamic migrants '' there you go . 
  sorry man but i dont think that politicians salaries cut would make big difference budgetwise . 
  cuts need to be done in major sectors actually . 
  for some time of course . 
  after reforms and some time to recover there will be more money in those sectors as well . 
  i know , fck politians etc , but salaries cut ... its not really much money when you look from budget perspective, 
  its actually pretty epic imo, 
  russia never won against poland in1v1 battle, 
   invade country /  set concentration camps where you murder millions of people , including natives of country you have invaded /  some natives brought to the state of complete terror , despair and fear betrays jews to survive /  but bigger amount of natives still hiding jews and helps them /  2015 , you hear you were one of main players in holocaust , you are being compared and set in one line with nazis /  you never wanted war with germany , cry alot /  `` fuck logic company '' profit /  feels.jpg, 
  give that man a slice of crimea !, 
  xd what south americab genocide , i lolled hard . 
  also - crusades genocide , lolled even harder xd, 
  anglosaxons ftw, 
  polan of work work , be germoney soon, 
  there were never any slavery in poland xd . 
  check definitions . 
  we had no slaves : v, 
  well i always repeat that in xviii century when absolutism killed freedom and tolerance in europe ( polish-lithuanian commonwealth , and golden noble freedom , the democracy of szlachta ) , on the other side of the world freedom was born - united states . 
  and many polish noble mans fought for it . 
  pulaski , kosciuszko and many more . 
  we share same spirit , we cherish freedom and independce . 
  sadly our neighbours didnt . 
  but every pole will say he feels the bond with america . 
  usa was always the role model . 
  paradise in polish imagination . 
  we are natural friends . 
  we are , indeed , family . 
  definitely . 
  guns , freedom , capitalism . 
  the spirit of freedom and independece . 
  europe is rotten , welfaric , its abandoning its own culture . 
  the gay rights are top topic for all countries and how state should interfere in your personal life more . 
  disguating mentality . 
  im not homophobic , i like gay people , it is just amusing how political correctness dominanted public debate . 
  usa all the way . 
  ah i forgot most important - ford mustang < 3 and spaces . 
  a lot of spaaaace, 
  just no to write `` mickiewicz for belarus '' becaise thats very misleading . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  peace , friend, 
  aye , thats a good point  still he wrote in his works about poland , he was part of polish great emigration , he worked for independence movements . 
  he was clearly a pole , friend . 
  he considered himself as one and spoke openly about it . 
  theres no discussion , 
  well , the again `` born in your country '' . 
  mickiewicz was born in poland , polish-lithuanian commonwealth to be accurate . 
  so in today 's poland , which is the succesor of that country . 
  that part of land is now belarusian , but mickiewicz was born in poland, 
  it 's just russia logic . 
  deny uncomfortable facts with twisted responses . 
  same shit that all your historicians and politicians are doing xd . 
  and maybe some noblists : henryk sienkiewicz , wladislaw reymont , czeslaw mi\u0142osz , wislawa szymborska ,, 
  so what ? 
  :p he considered himself as a pole , he wrote about poland , he wrote in polish language . 
  you can not describe him as belarusian , just because the terrority he was born on , is now belarusian . 
  it is belrausian from couple of years , but mickiewicz would never say `` i 'm belarusian '' . 
  let me be clear : russia never conquered poland alone . 
  n-e-v-e-r . 
  they always did it with support from west ( which is cool now , love you germoney < 3 and austia < 3 ) . 
  but in 1v1 situation they were always losing . 
  in xvith , xviith century , in 1920 . 
  always . 
  so : bring it on russia , in fair battle . 
  excuse me sir , but we are not being aggressive . 
  we are being fair . 
  they are agressive . 
  so plz , dont be mad at me , when im not okay with such behaviour . 
  also : we all know how `` civil '' this war is . 
  those separatist did n't exist before , they had no claims , no influence . 
  and suddenly , when putin annexed crimea and started acting mad they appeared out of nowhere ? 
  ye , we can act like idiots , but those guys are mostly russian . 
  and they are controlled by moscow . 
  and they use russian weapons , they are being supported by russia . 
  its disguised russian army , thats it . 
  the fact , that you call them `` separatist '' doesnt mean they are separatists . 
  well , for now - they dont care . 
  but they should , as we are going up and up , and we are going to mean more , than we do now in the near future . 
  and russia is getting itself ito bigger and bigger trouble . 
  yea , coz russia is responsing to `` calm down '' policy well . 
  it has worked so well so far !, 
  russia dont want to give back our crashed president plane tu-124m , dont want us to invest in military , dont want us to have anti rocket shield , is yelling and threatening all the time , so i say enough is enough . 
  they wont listen anyway . 
  i may say same way to you : calming down did great job so far . 
  ukraine divided , at war , crimea annexed . 
  great job rest of europe !, 
  edit : also : wtf ukrainian `` civil '' war ? 
  its ukrainan-russian war ffs , call things how they are, 
  someone made polan look retarded ... oh , wait ... 
  hahaha japan < 3, 
  i assumed thats what you mean . 
  i can keep on with this , its actually funny and entertaining  ) . 
  i dont have . 
  well just a very light 2-3 day beard from time to time :p . depending on how i feel at a time . 
  i always considered my pants pretty stylish : / .
