just stay calm , dont say anything . 
  keep poker face, 
  this , my friend , is perfect comment to this situation . 
  greetings from krakow !, 
  rip france . 
  soon : rip europe, 
  i dont know what you guys find so interesting in supporting jihad . 
  its againt you , your culture , history and legacy . 
  and still its somehow popular to leave everything and just bo support isis . 
  i dont understand that, 
  well , i can only speak for myself but it doesnt offend me tbh , why would it ? 
  i think it 's totally fine, 
  it 's not only about you . 
  poland wanted to attack germany first , before hitler attacked europe . 
  and nobody wanted to , because of appeasment policy . 
  and it 's not only that uk did n't help us . 
  neither did france . 
  so , we do believe that now it is different and we can count on west . 
  but on the other hand we have to have in mind that maybe history will repeat itself and we need to take care of things like that . 
  we ca n't count on eu/nato in 100 % because our experience dont let us ... 
  i , personally , do n't blame you . 
  just do n't tell promises you can not keep . 
  if you will not be ready ( like before wwii ) to help us in fight , just do n't say all those big words about defending . 
  but i really hope we can caount on west this time ... 
  hope to see that !, 
   and then , together we will rock haha . 
  nah , no interested in `` rocking '' tbh , just want to live in rich and prosperous country and have good relations with neighbours . 
  and be safe from western side :p . because i dont belive i will be safe from eastern ever . 
  hope to keep up our friendship , take care friend !, 
  and for establishing destructive political system for 50 years leaving us out of marshalls plan and eny economical growth . 
  my god , how i hate this country . 
  yeah i know we wont get back all ... 
  but i appreciate the fact that german government at least is trying to do so ... because sweden ( from xvii century but they looted alot ) and russia ... heh , no words for that , especially russia . 
  i really dislike this country . 
  for germans - i really like you guys now , i really hope no war between us anymore , would be a shame ... 
  i treat germany like bigger brother we should aim to be as ourselves and i like the fact that we managed to settle shit between us and now we can cooperate properly . 
  so fuck the past , lets build the future and i hope we will . 
  if you ask me , i 'd vote to give back all german goods in exchange for polish ones ( but truth to be told germans have more of our stuff than we germans ) . 
  but i do n't think this is going to happen, 
  for some reason i mixed your comment with other that stated we should give it back to germany if its german train or 3rd reich train because it was its former belonging . 
  and i answered by accident , accept my sincere apologies , friend , its misunderstanding, 
  so iguess you will give back all of robbed arts and goods from poland during wwii ? 
  thats so nice of you !, 
  delete racist posts - ok . delete anti-refugee - wtf germoney, 
  looking on how many immigrants ireland already has its nothing wrong with them . 
  germany is acting like `` ahh you pussies , of course you can take more , liars , shut up and respect solidarity '' . 
  point is germany is taking the shitload of immigrant . 
  ok - your choice . 
  but wtf with that promises `` everyone will find home here '' and then being a jerk about other who arent so enthusiastic about that . 
  third thing is now its 600 over , next year you will ask for another 1000 and it will cascade . 
  polish government also said that all that was property of former 3rd reich will taken over by the state treasury . 
  including eventual gold i guess . 
  wchich is quite fair if you ask me . 
  every other thing that has its rightful owner will be given back to them . 
  also 10 % will go to the guys who found the train . 
  well , then we agree completelty , friend  . 
  cheers to you and have a nice day/night  . 
  hope to see america in poland soon , and i hope my government will still improve our army to keep our nato usefulness up-to-date :p, 
  why is it complex ? 
  frankly i dont see your point of view . 
  did russia attack ukraine ? 
  do we have reasons from past to feel threatened ? 
  yes and yes.i know that brave germans arent concerned because its not their caountry thats in stake but we dont need your advices about defence . 
  i dont want to be rude , thats just true . 
  you dont live here and you have no idea what its like , you have no dangers from any side , easy to make fun of others whwn you are in such position, 
  well , i 'm not saying that we are some overpowered gods of war or we have better army than russia , but truth to be told if you look at history russia actually never conqeuered poland alone , always with someone from west/south to help . 
  every 1v1 war they lost , even in xx century in 1920 . 
  yes , they were n't that strong back then , but neither did we . 
  we were right after regaining our independence and we didnt even have clarified borders . 
  and we managed to win . 
  so i say i am afraid of russia , of course . 
  but i 'm not thinking about in terms like `` oh fuck , we are fucked anyway , fuck fuck '' . 
  they are big , they are strong but they bleed like every other human . 
  well , thanks for that post . 
  i can easily understand american taxpayers and their concerns about `` defending whole world '' . 
  on the other hand i think that american governmnet should not involve itself as much in the arabic mess and maybe move forces to empower its natural ally - nato states . 
  i think poland is incresing its military spending to improve not only our security but the whole region security , thats our goal in general - we also care about baltic states for example . 
  the proof is that our new president , mr. andrzej duda just visited estonia and talked bout nato and security there . 
  its obvious that estonia ca n't defend themselves . 
  but poland has some serious ambitions and we want to be worthy ally , so we want to be important nato member in our reigon . 
  but lets be realistic - it will take time . 
  we need some support right now . 
  and i dont think it 's bad when you look at whats going on in ukraine ... support is just needed , even if its equipment . 
  i know how expensive it would be to pay for american soldiers in poland 24/7 . 
  personally i think that just heavy equipment is perfectly fine . 
  by 2022 we will have our army reformed and armed significally and our potential will be a lot bigger, 
  thats the best way . 
  we will have equipment and when time comes our allies would only have to transport soldiers to the battlefield and the weapons will be here already . 
  its way easier to transport just humans than whole heavy brigade . 
  thank you us, 
  i 'm starting to like lukaszenko more and more . 
  i think he is trying to get closer to the west . 
  i 'd be glad if he succed, 
  it 's more about aftermath . 
  because fine - it started the world war . 
  but keep in mind that thing that hurts us the most i what happened after . 
  west completely left poland alone and gave it to the stalin in jalta . 
  so , yes , europe was fighting hitler , but our allies did n't really care about our fate in post-war . 
  and i dont think our expectations were really big - just to leave us alone finally . 
  we did n't want anthing special , just to rebuild as every other european country .
