  at least i try . 
  and i dont talk about glorious shit tbh but i can confirm - my countrymen love to do it . 
  but it can also be a slight suggestion that im keeping this conversation for too long haha . 
  so i can wish you great night and thank for stupid and funny talk about ... well , coal . 
  i will surely think about you when i will eat it one day !, 
  hahaha and what is that supposed to mean ??? 
  so when the moment passes you know where to look b - ), 
  i see i met and expert  ) i need to visit silesia then . 
  we have tons of spare coal so i can probably eat for free till the end of my life . 
  contact if you ever want to try some coal , i will send you a fine amount of it xd, 
  well , sounds intriguing , maybe i will try one day :d . i will surely let you know how it was :d, 
  ahh pardon me then , lady ( ? ), 
  still , i can not somehow imagine it . 
  so , dont fight with yourself to shop you go for some coal . 
  post the pictures of your teeth in this thread after dinner 3  . 
  haha, 
  hahahah jesus man :d . i wish i saw this . 
  why would anybody eat coal ? 
  it is n't even tasty , is it ? 
  and the very imagination of chewing it and the feel of it between my teeth gives me chills, 
  i laughed :d, 
  eh , thats definitely not enough . 
  i think germany should convert ot islam and bury their european roots for the sake of their brand new , islamic identity . 
  this . 
  this complex is so alive in my country , you have no idea ... 
  this is embarassing . 
  ehh ... 
  always glad to see british troops . 
  i 'm waiting for confirmation from uk defence ministry, 
  its more awkward for gb than it is for russia . 
  because the western world is already bathing in russian tears , what could britain possibly do ? 
  they perfectly know what they are talking about . 
  mr. tiemmermans and mr. oettinger pointed out the main points perfectly . 
  screw pis and their lies . 
  ah okay , thanks . 
  well i 'm polish and i hate the current ruling party . 
  so as much as i regret this is about to happen i guess maybe this will influence them to stop what they are doing . 
  shame that this happened to poland . 
  i ca n't understand why the eu did n't launch this procedure against hungary ? 
  we heard so much rant about their actions but noone even thought about doing this . 
  now the eu is launching this against poland after just several months . 
  why ? 
  at first i laughed , then i cried a little . 
  now i 'm scared . 
  just stay where you are germany , everything 's fine !, 
  frankly , i do n't see how sweden is against anything . 
  they have their own policy and they stick to it but i did n't see them shoveling it to others . 
  germans , on the other size , well they take part in every argument in eu they can stick their noses into . 
  if you dont agree with political plans of those who are wealthy , they will always find rhetoric to destroy you . 
  `` no longer is it north versus south . 
  as the greek debt saga receded from the front pages after the summer , europe now seems to be divided into east and west , again '' fun fact : germany is always in the same spot, 
  first you should arrest them probably but as far as i know police chose to do nothing about situation when those violations took place, 
  keep denying , bro, 
  then accept my sincere apologies , friend . 
  cheers !, 
  yeah but we identify communism with russia . 
  we hate the country that enslaved us - russia . 
  we actually pretty much admire china for they gdp growth . 
  i do n't know anyone who `` hates '' china . 
  and let 's be honest - china is n't communist country . 
  it 's not even close to what ussr had been . 
  the greatest text ever written in the history of the universe - now , thats a megalomania !, 
  same thing is in bible my friend , which was way earlier . 
  btw - this does n't mean that blacks , whites and yellows does n't exist . 
  we do and we are different even biologically . 
  deal with science . 
  edit : french nationalism is hilarious, 
  why would poland hate china ? 
  are n't frenchwomen and frenchmen black and white ? 
  some of them are even yellow surely . 
  what is racist about that ? 
  europe is pathetic . 
  i dont know , i wish we are included but i do realise that we arent in the `` top eu '', 
  i ca n't help but laugh the hell out of brits . 
  but not in hostile way , just the irony . 
  you said that right - what the fu ** . 
  british used to be the most pragmatic nation i have ever known , i did respect them endlessly for that , but they flushed their brains down the toilet and decided to ... just fuck everything . 
  and this is perfect example just what the populism does with human brain . 
  you just enter `` lunatic '' mode and do some shit you ca n't even understand day later . 
  this is astounding how it works . 
  now britons seems to wake up and ask themselves `` what the fuck did we just do ? '' . 
  and farage keeps laughing . 
  this is madness . 
  i do n't like this `` trinity '' approach . 
  why only those 3 countries ? 
  i 'm not saying poland should be included but hell , what about `` bigger '' players like spain for example ? 
  or austria ? 
  i do n't see this as `` equal '' europe . 
  of course , all foreign ministers should discuss this in the `` whole-eu '' meeting , that would be perfect and truly eu statement, 
  i laughed , thanks :d, 
  well and the main reason the did it was that they wanted to stay within the eu ... well :p, 
  engxit instead of brexit would be the peak of irony . 
  nope , i do n't say you have an ongoing civil war . 
  i was talking about your statement about kurds, 
  kudos to you , american friend , 
  best wishes from poland  . 
  stay strong against russia , friends . 
  my barbaric government : / . 
  shame . 
  yes , and those trains have intercom .
