  it admittedly is n't as much federalisation as european leaders say . 
  people like merkel , barroso , and juncker all think that the eu will become a federal superstate ( and in the next few years according to barroso ) . 
  however , the eu does have the necessary minimal attributes of a federal system , with the only missing components the current pre-eminence of member states ( which is slipping away as the eu drifts to a qualified majority system ) and a fiscal union . 
   the last few crisises have shown that the member states still have as much formal power as they ever had except the fact that they were dragged down by the euro , and the euro 's monetary policy , which was angled towards german interests and away from what southern europe needed . 
  of course , the euro is a massive problem anyway , due to the idiocy of making it a political project rather than an economic one , but the point remains . 
  really , the best thing would be for southern europe to inherit the euro , and northern europe take on a new currency ( so that southern europe could actually pay off its debts without the extra burden of a new , weakened currency ) . 
  the eu is a cross between a confederation and federal entity , the various treaties * have * added a bunch of competencies which you do n't find in any other international organisation . 
  and i would n't necessarily blame member states for incompetence , as they may have started the programs , but it 's the eu bureaucracy that 's running them . 
  that said , most do carry the blame for refusal to truly reform eu programs , most notably because some countries are n't going to allow reform when they might lose out . 
   demanded these bad constructions in the name of sovereignty . 
  you mean , in the name of money ? 
  in the name of sovereignty , most eu programs would be scrapped in favour of national alternatives . 
  increasing federalisation ? 
  when the uk joined it was a customs union with a slight cooperation slant . 
  nowadays there 's a parliament , commission , and elections . 
  as for gross incompetence , the eu repeatedly wastes a lot of its budget through incompetence , and has managed to sign only a dozen trade deals despite being a trade organisation . 
   it does n't use the power to block countries from vetoing ? 
  did n't know they had that . 
  sorry , you 're going to have to explain that . 
  they do n't have the power to block vetoes ? 
   spending cap is put in and a lot of ridiculous ways of spending are changed . 
  that was the intention but it has n't really worked out yet . 
  i live in hope , but i think it 'll take a while before it 's actually put into practice . 
  one of the problems with the eu is n't that it does n't have enough power to deal with problems , but that it has too much . 
  there 's been increasing federalisation and gross incompetence ( budget wastage and being unable to sign trade deals being a couple of examples ) . 
  it 's not that the eu does n't have power , but that it does n't use the power it has at the moment , and generally goes against the uk 's ( although not always its leaders ) interests . 
  there was a lot of discussion pre-brexit about a two-tier europe : one tier based on a customs union with cooperation across various policy areas ( erasmus for education , research ) and some of the general eu projects ( cap , common fisheries , some regulation ) ; and another tier for the pro-federalists with the euro , increased politicisation , and all the other stuff eurosceptic countries do n't like . 
  free movement is a toughie to put in there , but i 'd imagine that the inner tier would have full free movement , and the outer tier could be sold restricted free movement ( so you can still move wherever , but it 's restricted by population so countries are n't overwhelmed ) . 
  i think if there was effort put in to actually achieve a two-tier eu , the uk might have voted to remain . 
  a big part of the reason people voted leave was that they did n't think the eu cared about their concerns . 
  before and after the referendum , concerns about immigration got you labelled racist and xenophobic , and there was very little reform on the devolution of powers and restriction of the budget . 
  something like the cap has so many flaws , but very few people wanted or pushed for its reform , and the uk felt like it was an uphill battle to get minor things changed . 
  those in the know , also knew that the free movement of services was n't particularly open either , there were and are a lot of restrictions and protectionism that 's allowed in the eu ( as well as countries trying to stop the uk clearing the euro , and having to go to court over it ) . 
  long story short , the uk is pro-europe , but anti-eu . 
  the first vote decades ago was on a customs union , but the eu has changed so much without a consultation referendum , to something the uk did n't want to be part of . 
  that part is because they claim they only ceded the land , and not the water ; forgetting that that 's not how the law of the sea works , and that both britain and spain had already signed up to the un convention on the law of the sea . 
  by legal right , britain can at any time extend her claim over national waters , but chooses not to . 
  the boats however , just go into uk waters deliberately , and generally dangerously , because they 're petty and want to score points . 
  one day , i hope a royal navy frigate will arrest them for driving dangerously and scupper their boat . 
  even people who do n't go in the sea might paddle or walk along the beach in the sea though . 
  i 'd imagine it 's very rare to not go to the beach , seeing as it 's a free day out which kids love . 
  on distances , the furthest you can get is 70 miles away in derbyshire , or just 45 miles from tidal water . 
  on average , i 'd hazard a guess that it 's probably 20miles for most people , as the population generally lives on or near the coast . 
  to make people think you 're in europe ? 
  it 's called the * european * union for a reason ... australia 's continental plate is slowly moving though , so just wait a bit and you 'll be in europe eventually . 
   never , ever leave home without having thoroughly dried your hair first otherwise you might catch a cold and die you sound like you 'd like japan , they say that too . 
  sorry , was offline for ages and did n't get to this . 
  lgf92 is pretty spot on . 
  i 'm in the south of england , and i 'd say probably none of my english peers have been to scotland . 
  one of my friends is originally from wales , and another is working there , but it 's still a very low percentage . 
  conversely , a lot of the welsh people i know ( from south wales , swansea and cardiff ) have been to england before ; mainly london and the borders though ( e.g. 
  bristol which is just across the severn ) . 
  in the uk we do n't have administrative divisions as such , what we have are the four countries , each with their own counties . 
  personally , i 've been to a lot of the counties in england , all of the ones in the south and most of the ones in the north ; although admittedly i 've only passed through some of them as opposed to properly visiting . 
  visited most of south wales , and a little bit of scotland too , never been to northern ireland . 
  as for overseas , technically our overseas territories are n't part of the proper , like the french departments , and it 's fairly difficult to get to most of them . 
  i 've been to gibraltar briefly on the way to spain , but i would n't say it 's common to visit many of them . 
   is it common for a person to have visited them all ? 
  haha , no . 
  most people will probably get around their own country quite a bit , as a cheap getaway or just travelling . 
  if you live in england you 're less likely to go to the other countries in the uk , purely because they 're further away from you . 
  it 's not uncommon to go to other parts of the uk , but most people will probably go either somewhere close or overseas . 
  i doubt there are many people who 've been to * every * part of the uk , if only because parts are extremely far away . 
  if you live in wales , it 's relatively easy to go to northern ireland and england , and scotland is n't too far away if you live in the north . 
  but places like kent ( right next to france ) and the shetlands ( islands off scotland ) are n't really top destinations . 
   because it is an island in the north atlantic not true , the eu is suffering because migrants are swarming all over it . 
  did you think france airlifted the calais camp in ? 
  migrants can pass through the border countries and reach every country in the eu thanks to schengen . 
  if the uk was in , there 'd be nothing stopping them going through the chunnel . 
   because geography thanks , if you had n't capitalised that word , i do n't know if i 'd have been able to read it . 
  some countries are suffering because of geography , others are suffering because of schengen . 
  hungary does n't border the me , and is landlocked , yet they 've had migrant problems . 
  how ? 
   if you do a hard brexit , perhaps belgium and france will stop allowing you to do passport/customs checks on the european continent i do n't see how belgium and france could either push the uk somewhere sunnier and remove us from europe , or stop us conducting border checks in our own country . 
  did you mean in their countries , as opposed to on europe ? 
  because le touquet is an agreement separate to the eu , and is helpful for both sides ( you get french border patrol in dover for example ) . 
  you do n't appear to understand . 
  there are no issues about there being a border in gibraltar , the passport checks take very little time . 
  gibraltar suffers because spain repeatedly acts as a petulant child and refuses to accept that gibraltar wants to remain british , so spain tries to punish them . 
   ridiculous refusal to join the schengen zone how 's that migrant crisis working out for you ? 
  i do n't see the humour ... 
  depends what type of brexit it is . 
  you can have free movement of people without free movement of labour , and it 's possible there 'd be a special deal there . 
  after all , the southern spanish economy and gibraltar do rely on each other , ending free movement would massive damage the regional economy . 
  yes , sorry , forgot to write that bit . 
  all in gibraltar . 
  spain tends to act up every now and then , due to the tensions it creates . 
  but generally they [ spain ] send in their police boats into british waters rather than mess with the borders ( since that also damages their economy and people ) . 
   eu law requires that passport checks be as fast as possible as far as i 'm aware , spain is the only country that 's ever gone against this . 
  in 2010 a local mayor attempted to introduce an ( illegal ) congestion charge that was slapped down ; and in 2013 the spanish border patrol started searching every car , creating massive queues - and for some reason the commission 's inspectors found that there was no breach of law there . 
   which is what the tories are trying to do do you have any sources for the tories wanting and trying to privatise the nhs ? 
  because for literally every year of its existence , and at every election , the left insist that this is what the tories are trying to do , and nothing like that has ever happened . 
  it was labour that introduced out-sourcing , and the tories have only slightly increased it compared to them . 
  and short-termism is a cross-party problem , as well as being caused by the health service bureaucracy . 
  you ca n't reasonably point fingers at the conservatives and blame them for everything in the nhs . 
   it is amazing value for money the uk spends the most on salaries , and the least on quality and care for its type of health-system , according to the oecd . 
  the comparatively lower amount we spend on the nhs , thanks to lower taxes , means that the nhs is n't as good as foreign systems in europe - where patients get better care , quicker . 
  and there are shocking wastes of public funds in the nhs , thanks to the contracting out introduced by labour , and horrendous short-termism and disdain for money sources . 
  look up margaret hodge , the ex-chair of the public accounts committee , who uncovered massive wastes during her tenure . 
   anyone who says it is bad value for money has warped sense of value has no idea of how much things really cost .
