  ah , the poor swiss , the only eea state not to be party to [ mifir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/markets_in_financial_instruments_directive ) . 
  mifir is the thing to watch for trade deals , as it 's the capital version of free movement of goods . 
  if the uk can remain in this , then clearing wo n't be an issue , and neither will banking rights . 
  i 'm confident the uk could get this . 
  after all , iceland , norway and liechtenstein are part of it ; and the uk is more important to eu trade and growth than those countries are . 
  so long as mifir was still in place . 
  south korea is n't party to that i do n't think , but there are still provisions in it for non-eea countries to sign up . 
  it 's really not though . 
  tariffs and regulations are imposed , not a natural state . 
  sure , you can get partial free trade , but you do n't have to . 
  a mere `` ad hoc trade treaty '' can promote just as much free trade as the eu can ; which , let 's not forget , was also formed by treaties , notably the treaty of rome for free trade . 
  you 're massaging figures . 
  the uk sends 44 % of its trade to the eu , but i never said that this represented 44 % of its trade with particular members . 
  the uk is germany 's second biggest trade partner , despite gross trade only being a fraction for each country . 
   that 's a far cry from the percentage of uk trade to the eu . 
  yes , of course it is , because you 're comparing a number between two nations , and a number between one nation and 28 nations . 
  are you doing this on purpose , or do you not understand maths ? 
  i know , i was just thinking about possible motivations behind it . 
  not that a resolution will achieve anything . 
  i 'm not regurgitating an article , this is from a degree in economics , so i 'll run through it briefly . 
  supply and demand of labour controls the price of labour ( wages ) . 
  increased supply of labour ( migration ) , increase both the total supply and drags down the price - because there is more competition to work , and so more people able to at lower prices . 
  [ obviously , labour ca n't fall below the minimum wage , but it can make sure that sectors do n't rise above it ] . 
  going to high unemployment now . 
  say you have a million unemployed people , but net migration over the past five years means that you have 500,000 migrants in work in your country . 
  without those migrants , there would be an extra 500,000 jobs demanded by business . 
  whilst it 's true that these migrants will have been spending money and indirectly creating jobs ( through the circular flow of income , where money is spent repeatedly with only a small percentage going into savings each time ) , your unemployed people would be doing that too if they were in work . 
  i 'm simplifying a bit , but that 's why immigration is n't necessarily good . 
  the city of london is not gdp . 
  the stock markets are not gdp . 
  this is all artificial money . 
  [ oh hey , ftse 100 is growing again . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=ftse+100&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=93ryv7imcopmgaa4i4qodw ) and would you look at that , [ so is ftse 250 ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=ftse+250&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=-nryv-wvd-wfgaaxpl7gaw ) so even if the stock markets were equivalent to gdp , which they 're not , you 'd still be mistaken . 
  yes , i 'm aware of the differences between majoritarian systems and proportional systems . 
  but it 's not as if fptp has no advantages . 
  you get a strong government to carry out a mandate , with no backroom coalition deals . 
  on the flip side , you get a strong opposition that is more able to oppose the government and call it to account . 
  you keep extremist parties out of government . 
  you get a direct link to your mp , instead of mere party labels , strengthening mps ties to the electorate . 
  it 's also a simpler system that provides a clearer choice to the electorate . 
  the people can recall mps themselves and choose who they are , rather than accepting a party list . 
  obviously , these are just the advantages , but they do illustrate how fptp is n't an inherently bad system ; or inherently better/worse than pr . 
   but with the uk entering an epic recession and international companies fleeing , let 's see ... 
  please stop lying . 
  the uk is n't entering a recession , let alone an epic one . 
  or have you got a crystal ball that can look a few years into the future to see how growth changed in this quarter ? 
   international companies fleeing name one international company that has fled the uk . 
  ftse 100 , mainly filled with international companies , is already up again . 
  immigration is good to an extent . 
  if you have low unemployment , then it will boost the economy . 
  the issue is that no-one does , so it 's bad at the moment . 
   but the research absolutely shows that they are conducive to economic development . 
  in the right conditions . 
  i 'll point out that you linked to a highly unbalanced article , talking about the usa . 
  in the uk , wages have been driven down by greater competition for jobs , and strain has been placed on public infrastructure - mainly because migrants all congregate in the same areas . 
   it is like that everywhere to the extent sort of , the uk is one of few countries that have n't had a political revolution/independence and recent formation , so ours are grounded in centuries of tradition rather than a new constitution . 
   but expecting one that vehemently opposes something to make it happen is , in my opinion extremely undemocratic . 
  sure , but they 'd have been voted in already opposing it . 
  the conservatives pledged to hold a referendum and respect the result despite campaigning for in , different to begrudgingly holding a referendum and saying they would n't respect the result . 
  yes , and government figures that supported remain have already come out and said that they support the decision , and stand by it . 
   and of course the lords can delay . 
  the lords can delay ( by one year , fyi ) , legislation going through parliament that is n't a money bill or a manifesto commitment . 
  treaties and international relations are strictly the preserve of government , so the commons and lords have no say in it . 
   the claim that the lse is ` not independent ' is funny but not serious lse is funded by the eu and has been widely criticised during the campaign for massaging figures to make the eu look better , same as vote remain , opposite of vote leave . 
  oh , i see where you 're coming from . 
  sure , the uk would be proportionally hit more than the eu as a whole , but only because of uneven eu-uk trade . 
  germany , france and the netherlands would suffer a similar shock to the uk , whereas somewhere like bulgaria would n't see much difference . 
   thank you for showing exactly how many trade deals the eu has got going that the uk would need to catch up on before supposedly surpassing the eu on it . 
  the others include half a dozen provisional agreements that have n't been applied , and more agreements that have n't been agreed . 
  ignoring members overseas territories , applying members , and european microstates ; that 's 12 countries that are n't in the eu . 
  scroll down and look at the list below . 
  mostly , i 'm not sure whether or not korea is part of [ mifid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/markets_in_financial_instruments_directive ) which opens up capital markets to trade . 
  but if it included that , i 'd be happy . 
  obviously , i 'd prefer greater cooperation with things like erasmus ; but i would n't be upset if the eu vetoed that . 
  standard shitposting from the guardian . 
  parliament is sovereign , the queen can not withhold royal assent , subtly or no . 
   it might be the system chosen by the people , but it does mean that the people 's wishes are not necessarily represented by the parliament . 
  that 's a matter of opinion , and the british public disagree with you , as outlined in the av referendum . 
   ` passporting ' means that a financial institution licensed by any eea country can sell services in any other eea state without having to seek a license in that state also . 
  right , and part of a free trade deal that britain could get , would be making sure this continues to work both ways . 
  i 'd prefer it if you did n't try to patronise me . 
  i 'm quite aware of what the wto thinks , but ` passporting rights ' can be a part of free-trade agreements . 
  let 's look at switzerland , which has [ `` the right to set up an establishment in the eea under the provisions of special bilateral treaties between the european union and switzerland '' ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra/pages/authorisations/passporting/default.aspx ) see ? 
  it 'd perfectly possible , and there 's precedent for the eu having done it before . 
  especially since under mifid/mifir articles 46 and 47 , many eu ` passport ' holder rights can be extended to non-eu countries and their financial services groups . 
  that clear enough for you ? 
  * access , not excess actually , south korea only has a few agricultural tariffs . 
  and the eu wants to set up a pan-mediterranean free trade area with the eu at the centre . 
   it was an advisory one , was n't it ? 
  this country runs on conventions and ancient systems without resorting to legal enforcement . 
   i 'm not a big fan of referendums as a political tools to begin with . 
  i agree actually , referenda in general are a bad idea . 
  we 've had two ( other ) referenda recently . 
  one on changing the voting system which only the lib dems ( not even their voters ) wanted , and another on extra powers to the welsh assembly . 
  fun fact , labour tried to create that twice , and barely succeeded the second time with a 5,000 vote difference , and horrendously low turnout . 
  of course , when it comes to massive changes with widespread support , that 's a different matter , which is why i wanted the eu vote . 
  but referenda in general should be once-in-a-generation , if not a lifetime . 
  yes , let 's ignore the fact that open borders ca n't be proved to build economies . 
  other countries are growing faster than the eu despite open borders , and they did n't prevent the 2008 crash either . 
  let 's also ignore the fact that open borders are n't really helping the uk economy either .
