  the eu has ftas with dozens of other countries , including the eu association agreement , and bilateral deals such as with mexico and south korea . 
  oh that , yes . 
  the eu has done that with ireland and denmark . 
  sorry , i thought you were suggesting that we should have another one because we gave the ` wrong answer . ', 
  this one 's different , because the eu ca n't pretend it 's changed the treaty a little . 
  it 's a massive out vote . 
  i think sturgeon might try to weasel out of it if she can , but that would be illegal . 
  it 's all very well going udi in some backwater third world country , but she ca n't claim a justified referendum without permission when she had one just two years ago . 
  holding one without permission from westminster would be ultra vires and so would n't go ahead . 
  the snp could try and forge on , but circumventing the democratic process wo n't be good for them at all . 
  they have to ask permission , but they ca n't without a mandate . 
  and to get a mandate , either the polls have to be pretty set on a referendum ( which they 're not ) ; or the snp has to get elected on the mandate of holding a referendum , which they have n't been . 
  it is ' a bit ' when you look at the long-term ups and downs of ftse . 
  ftse 250 includes ftse 100 . 
  why do people insist on using the marriage-divorce analogy ? 
  the uk is in a semi-political union . 
  it wants just a trade union . 
  it votes on that , says we 're still friends , and says do you want free trade like you have with other countries ( such as south korea ) . 
  the uk is n't asking for anything special from the eu anymore , just for trade , which will benefit the eu and the uk . 
  to use your analogy , what is the uk getting as dinner and washed clothes ? 
  you mean places like south korea and egypt that have free trade but not free movement of people ? 
  there are hundreds of trade agreements that include free movement by necessity , why should the uk have free movement with 27 other countries when it just wants to trade with them ? 
  well it 's not my quote , but i see r/europe is happy to downvote me anyway . 
  leavers discussing it on the bbc were referring to the eu purposefully ` punishing ' britain for leaving by making a crappy trade deal . 
  the benefits of membership which remain and europe talked about are n't really seen as positives for leave . 
  britain wants trade , preferable free trade , like the eu already has with countries such as egypt , algeria , mexico and south korea . 
  however people have been saying that the eu wo n't allow this so as to dissuade other countries from leaving , hence leave referring to it as a potential mafia-style kneecap . 
  it 's not the case of losing the benefits of membership , but not being given a fair trade agreement to keep everyone else in line that the potential knee-cap is . 
  in terms of the eu , on paper free trade is n't as good as the customs -  political union ; but for britain it 's better . 
  everyone wins . 
  well , we have n't even had any polls in scotland yet . 
  personally , i do n't think scotland will leave , but we have to wait for polls for if they even want another referendum before we ask if they want to stay or go again . 
  we have an unsustainable level of migration at the moment , but with the end of free movement that will stop . 
  the 300,000 net migrants from the eu ( generally unskilled workers ) will make way more skilled labour that the country needs ( doctors , teachers , nurses , etc ) . 
  total migration will fall , but the migration we need will go up , as the uk can be less restrictive when it comes to migrants on the job shortages list . 
  there 's a difference between being in the single market , and having access to it . 
  the uk just wants trade , preferably free trade , like the eu already has with countries such as egypt , algeria and mexico . 
  germany 's financial powerhouse is actually frankfurt , and france has paris ; but we do n't know what will happen because there have n't been any negotiations yet . 
  there might not be much impact beyond they small ftse drop today . 
  but we do n't know that , there was only one question on the ballot paper . 
  that 's why we have to wait for the polls . 
  a lot is two words , by the way . 
  the deal with the eu will be worse than what it is now , but the idea is that this is n't so bad compared to having to deal with the politicisation and , indeed , militarisation , of the eu . 
  the possibility of swapping unskilled migration for needed skilled migration , and trade deals with the rest of the world , means the end economic result is up for debate . 
  scotland 's complicated . 
  they want full fiscal autonomy ( devo-max ) , but the snp do n't want to admit this would mean a reduction in scotland 's budget . 
  if it does go ahead , i imagine that more will be spent on wales . 
  england 's a lovely place to visit at the right time . 
  unfortunately , i missed summer last year because i was checking the time , but i heard it was lovely . 
   8 % is n't ' a bit ' what are you referring to ? 
  but it 's not a fit of rage . 
  i 'll try to take you through what the uk has thought . 
  we originally voted for the eec , a purely trade-based community . 
  that was what was promised , and what the uk was for . 
  then blair took us into the eu , nearly the euro if not for brown , and britain witnessed increased eu migration ; which they perceived as unwanted competition for british jobs . 
  the strain on housing , education , transport and the nhs ca n't solely be left at the door of the eu , but the migration has n't helped . 
  enter ukip . 
  naturally , they 're ( incorrectly ) accused of racism , despite wanting a non-political union and lower migration . 
  the remain campaigns constant fearmongering , with very little positive messages , meant that leave pulled ahead . 
  it 's not , however , the case of britain turning its back on europe . 
  the country wants to remain friends , be partners , and trade . 
  just not as part of the eu . 
  money spent on infrastructure when we have our own problems , unrestricted migrants competing for jobs and strain on the public health sector means people just do n't want that . 
  it 's not an emotive argument , but a case of the eu not being helpful to the uk , add to that people like juncker who is perceived to be very hostile to the british , and i hope you can see why the eu is n't really praised in this country . 
  the markets and sterling are already recovering from the surprise of brexit , so it looks like there wo n't be an issue economically for the uk , so long as the eu is sensible and does n't say no to trade to spite britain . 
  we have a saying , ` cut off your nose to spite your face , ' relevant because a bad deal for britain would also be bad for the eu . 
  you have no idea how often people accuse britain of acting like an empire . 
  no-one cares about the empire , it 's history . 
  our place is as a cultural centre , a military power ( second in the world ) , and the fifth biggest economy in the world . 
  we 're already a world power , irregardless of whether or not we 're in the eu . 
  britain complains about the eu , because it 's a bad deal . 
  we get to trade , but have to deal with the eu 's political luggage , which we do n't want , especially with the focus on integration despite opposition to that not just in the uk , but across the eu . 
  it 's not a question about maturity . 
  it 's a question of perspective . 
  for leavers , remainers and europeans have seemed to delight in saying how wonderful the eu is , while glossing over how it 's helped people . 
  we 're not throwing a tantrum , we 're making a democratic choice . 
  and i hope , but doubt , that the eu takes that on board and begins to reform before it completely falls apart . 
  edit . 
  downvotes because you do n't like leave 's argument ? 
  c'mon r/europe , you 're better than that . 
  the outcry is from the snp , which have had similar outcries over half a dozen different things since they lost in 2014 . 
  there have n't been any negotiations , there have n't been any polls . 
  all we know is 400,000 more scots voted to remain in the uk than to remain in the eu . 
  it 's far too soon to say whether or not scotland wants to have another referendum , let alone that they now want to leave . 
   keep voting till you get the right answer . 
  excuse me ? 
  it 's only democracy if you 're on the winning side ? 
  we do things a little different here . 
  and what problem in europe ? 
  because despite only ukip and the conservatives offering a referendum , most of the public supporting having one , if only to settle the question . 
  scots were told if they left , they definitely would n't be in the eu ; whereas if they stayed , they 'd be likely to remain . 
  which was fair to say , as polls suggested remain would win . 
  scotland and the snp do n't have a mandate or the power to do that . 
  they need to wait for negotiations and look at the polls before deciding that scotland wants this again , less than two years later . 
  and the snp needs to realise that there 's a voting disparity . 
  over 2 million scots voted to remain in the uk , only 1.6 million voted to remain in europe . 
  but we do n't say their opinions do n't matter . 
  they do matter , that 's what they have a proportional number of seats in the house of commons , and a greater than proportional number of prime ministers . 
  and now , in the referendum , we continue to follow the principle of one man one vote . 
  it was n't england and wales that dragged scotland out of the eu , it was 52 % of the uk that dragged the other 48 % out .
