   if you think that businesses do n't wield power in westminster , you 're wrong right , they do , sure . 
  but it 's not businesses forcing through free movement , it 's the eu . 
  and businesses would n't be able to enforce it , because a party that introduced it would then lose the next election , and have free movement reversed . 
   even with the eu regulation , britain can control the immigration but it ca n't !, 
  the uk is not legally allowed to stop any eu migration . 
  that 's where the problem originates , it 's not down to businesses taking advantage of that . 
  they 're an effect , not a cause . 
   the reason you blame the eu is ignorance and probably that is is more convenient not to blame your own . 
  i bet you never really thought what i explained to you here and have swallowed the murdoch press propaganda hook , line and sinker . 
  wow , insults . 
  however shall i contend with such a dazzling display of vigorous vocabulary ? 
  why do n't you try explaining how the eu is n't responsible for free movement instead of engaging in persistent petty drivel ? 
  at an equidistant location , china would lose that fight . 
  that 's what it measures . 
  on chinese soil , or just off their coast , of course they 'd win . 
  but china has little to no power projection . 
  that may change in the future , but they 're a few decades away from getting up to french power projection , let alone us supremacy . 
   it allowed free labour movement * right away * yes , i know . 
  and that was a mistake , thanks to europhile blair . 
  fortunately he 's out of office now , and popular opinion has prevailed . 
   it wields the power to make the wage pressure disappear no , it does n't . 
  because migration pushes down wages and keeps them low , and it 's not unusual for vacancies to be advertised only in europe . 
  besides , that 's hardly the only issue involved . 
   this absolutely is not the eu authority no , but the issue is unlimited migration , which is under eu authority . 
   now i wonder who would n't like that ... could it be ... british businessmen ? 
  what 's with the hard-on for british businesses ? 
  they 're always going to go for the cheapest labour they can . 
  they neither represent the government , popular opinion , nor the driving force behind visa laws . 
   `` i 'm sorry , but did what you just wrote make sense to you ...  `` as i said : you do n't mind other people wiping your butt for you ...  `` you apparently do n't understand the concept ...  `` your stupidity and inability to understand ...  `` us dominance - also over the uk . 
  like small lapdogs ...  `` i do n't think you 're capable of understanding in anyways '' glossing over the grammar , your reply is literally composed on insults . 
  how did you think that would ever go down ? 
  no-one cares about people whose only interests lie in petty bitching when they 're not ` winning ' a discussion . 
  grow up . 
  i 'm just disappointed i did n't notice ` disable inbox replies ' after i wrote my last comment . 
   if british businesses do not employ foreigners , they will not come and they can not come if the uk government stops letting them in . 
  it 's not the businesses setting immigration policy , they 're just going to hire the cheapest workers they can . 
   the problem is british labour laws , who allow wage deprecation to a degree where it pays off to seek labour afar wage depreciation is a natural part of economics , and is prevented from falling too far by the existence of the national minimum wage . 
  the problem is that the government ca n't stop unskilled labourers coming in because of the eu . 
  okay , not necessarily a singular veto , but if france wants to use french troops and french military power for a french operation , they 're going to be pretty pissed if broomstick nations block them . 
  whether each member has a veto , or a qualified majority has a veto , it 's still a veto on french action . 
  a war which the usa started and pretty much every nato member was involved in ? 
  great example . 
  yes , downvoting my comment because you disagree , and then using dumb insults and bold typeface . 
  great . 
  how could i possibly contest any of your points when you use such eloquent arguments . 
   that 's what `` controls '' the immigration from the eu . 
  it is not caused nor imposed by the eu . 
  i 'm going to explain this in small sentences for you . 
  controlling borders means controlling immigration . 
  controlling immigration means choosing who can come in . 
  the eu does n't let members control immigration . 
  this is because you have to let every eu citizen in . 
  available jobs do n't matter . 
  immigrants being in work does n't matter . 
  what matters is that the uk ca n't stop businesses from hiring foreigners , because the eu wo n't let it . 
  the businesses are n't setting immigration policy , the eu is . 
   if you cared enough to read the first five words of the cnn article , you 'd see : * a long-awaited official inquiry * if you cared enough to know what you were talking about , you 'd know that the chilcot enquiry was done independently , and not by the government . 
  chilcot ran it , brown commissioned it ( and then had nothing to do with it ) , and privy council is not synonymous with government . 
   all of which has uk government written all over it perhaps you should actually do a little research before you comment about things you know nothing about . 
  the point of chilcot was that it was independent . 
   i did not say anywhere cnn is run by the uk government perhaps you should have spent your time actually responding to my whole comment , instead of a joke . 
   i 'm wildly guessing you just had too much beer/pot/whatever to be able to process information currently ah good . 
  pointless petty bitching . 
  the last refuge of the internet warrior who refuses to engage and adamantly refuses to accept that he might be wrong about something . 
  edit . 
  missed a , 
   that means that we should have the capabilities to do it ourselves . 
  the eu is not an independent organisation . 
  for members to act independently would be to act without partnership . 
   is it so hard to understand the concept of being able to do stuff yourself without the help of others is a thing that some people want no , what does n't make sense is making a mirrored organisation that does exactly the same thing but without three long-term friends and allies . 
  it 's about saying ` we ca n't rely on america , so now we 're going to exclude them . ', 
   do your mom still wipe your butt for you okay , you 've written a lot which you may or may not have put effort into , but i 'm gon na stop there . 
  if you 're just going to resort to petty bitching and insults then it 's safe to assume that you have nothing polite or sensible left to say . 
  honestly , insults and stupid attacks never help your case , unless you want people to treat you as an idiot , and stop talking to you . 
  pro-tip , do n't be an ass . 
   i do n't think the `` near misses '' are nearly as near as you think . 
  have you looked into the cold war ? 
  we came dangerously close to extinction multiple times . 
  it 's a tragedy if someone makes a mistake and shoots a civilian . 
  it 's a catastrophe if someone makes a mistake and obliterates a city , thus triggering nuclear war . 
   nobody is going to start launching nukes from the middle of the atlantic for no other reason than that they can . 
  because no country has a grudge against another , and there are no war-mongerers in the world . 
  you know north korea is trying to build nukes to attack south korea , japan , and the usa right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure vietnam and iran might have had something to say when they were invaded too . 
   besides it 's certainly possible to detect whose missile technology it is not really . 
  you identify by launch site and technology and design yes , but a missile with a bomb on the front can hardly be whittled down out of 200 odd possible countries . 
   britain is n't even committed to using nukes in their own defense . 
  look up `` letters of last resort '' . 
  britain is absolutely committed to using them . 
  the letters exist in case uk leadership is wiped out , in order to give orders to submarine captains . 
   which nobody cares about each have the capability to wipe out several countries with the press of a button . 
  just because the usa is bigger , does n't mean its allies are n't a threat . 
   nato without an absolute guarantee of the us upholding article 5 is as good as dead for the last time . 
  the usa is not the be all and end all of nato . 
  europe could easily trash a power like russia without much effort . 
  with the uk and france it 'd be a curbstomp battle . 
  the usa is powerful , yes , but that does n't stop other countries being powerful too . 
  yes , read [ this ] ( https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/study-finds-uk-is-second-most-powerful-country-in-the-world/ ) . 
  the usa is a superpower ; the uk a global power ; and china , russia , and india are regional powers . 
  why were n't you asking about france ?
