  depends on ` hard ' and ` soft ' is defined . 
  the probable red lines are going to be immigration and sovereignty , but it 's entirely possible the uk will stay ( sort of ) in the eea or have a comprehensive free trade deal , maybe even with visaless travel ( although not free movement of workers ) . 
  time will tell though , as may has n't announced her strategy yet . 
  we should be waiting until march before we start discussing the route taken . 
  i mean , you 're getting a bit ahead of yourself there . 
  the negotiations have n't even started , and may has n't announced what she 's aiming for yet . 
   when will they stop with the ` will of the people ' bullshit then ? 
  what bullshit ? 
  if people say we should stay in the eu by ignoring the referendum because it was ` only advisory ' or stay in by the back door , then they 're pretty evidently going against the will of the people . 
   that 's the opposite of what he said he would do , he was looking for a rerun asap . 
  citation needed . 
  farage only said there 'd be resentment , not that there would be a rerun immediately , and that the eu question would be unfinished business if it were a close result . 
  the mirror promptly announced it 'd be a third referendum , and all the other media piggybacked onto that , despite him never saying it . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it 's not a case of farage saying that if one side lost by a small margin , then it 'd be controversial and the debate would n't be over . 
  the losing side should respect the result , and in the case of a close-victory , the winning side should accept it was close . 
  except some remainers are trying to overturn it because it was close , or demand that it be rerun with a supermajority requirement because farage said the issue is contentious . 
   remainers are treated as if they 're supposed to shut up about it a whole bunch of remainers want to rerun the referendum , which is getting increasingly tiresome . 
  whilst other remainers have accepted the result and now want the best brexit deal for the uk . 
  if farage lost , he 'd demand reform because of the close gap , but i bet he would n't demand a new referendum six months down the line . 
  never said it was bad or evil mate , that 's just you projecting . 
  agricultural subsidies are a good idea , the cap implementation is bad though , especially because it means people are subsidising french farmers so much , when france is one of the world 's biggest economies , and the second-largest eu economy after brexit . 
   on the contrary , coordination on supranational level increases efficiency . 
  and yet we ended up with wine lakes and butter mountains . 
  coordination across large economies already creates efficiency , that does n't mean including more divergent economies makes it more efficient . 
   the intangible benefit of increasing food production and food security in the eu as a whole , which is of high value for a food-importing state as the uk right , except you can have food security without the cap , since most of the west is friends and allies with big food producers . 
  and as for cost , the tariffs the eu imposes on food increases prices on imports - when the uk entered a bunch of prices went up because of these tariffs . 
   and ultimately , if the british farmers do n't want to farm , is the eu to blame ? 
  poor point mate , the size of each agricultural sector in different countries makes requirements different , not the eu . 
  have you got a vendetta against it or something ? 
  the uk has a small agricultural sector , and so has smaller subsidies . 
  france has a big sector , and so gets a payout from the eu which it does n't need . 
  the cap inflates prices by costing taxpayers money and artificially increasing prices . 
  and it spends money based on farm size , not competition or need . 
  that was more pointing out that it 'd be a contentious issue , rather than needing a supermajority . 
  whereas if either side won at 66-33 then that 'd finish the issue and cripple the losing side . 
  i 'm not sure how you 're defining ` made ' , but it was literally designed to subsidise french farmers as part of the ` stop the french and germans going to war every decade ' package . 
   so tell me why an eu program that does the same is evil ? 
  not sure why you think its evil mate , agricultural subsidies are fair enough , there 's no reason to call something evil just because the eu does it . 
  i mean , the problem with it on a supranational level is the massive waste and inefficiencies , and of course the different requirements each country has which makes a one-size-fits-all policy fairly unworkable . 
  for the uk , the cap is also included in the simple money argument , that the eu gets a lot more out of it than the uk - as if the uk opted-out of the cap , it 'd cost the treasury a lot less to just subsidise uk agriculture . 
  that was made for french farmers actually , and is why france gets billions more out of cap than anyone else . 
  interestingly , before cap , the uk government directly subsidised its agricultural sector , just like every other country in the world . 
  true , my bad . 
  i got mixed up between race crime and racial hatred . 
   the leave campaign and its rhetoric was xenophobic and racist citation needed . 
  it did n't inspire the murders ; it did n't say racism was acceptable ( quite the opposite in fact ) ; breaking point was about the strain of migration , not about racism ; none of the leave leaders said anything like ` polish vermin ' and in fact regularly decried racism . 
  i have no idea what fantasy you got this from , but kindly look up your facts before you accuse an entire nation of being racist murderers who hate europe and like to kill people who dissent with them . 
  having concerns about migration is not the same as being racist . 
   statements about black people coming to the uk to get hiv treatment is as well well , that 's not what he said though , is it . 
  he said nothing about race , and said that people with hiv should n't be allowed in , since it costs the nhs a massive amount of money to treat - and that other countries do this as well . 
  that 's what he said , you 're the one bringing race into it , and calling him racist . 
   those murders were done by leave voters inspired by the campaign and done in the spirit of the leave campaign good god man , what 's wrong with you ? 
  it 's absolutely sickening that you 're calling the leave campaign a thing of violence , murder and racism . 
  what , you ca n't think of any yourself ? 
  here 's five : * the uk is a net contributor to the tune of # 8billion a year , a number that is only set to rise . 
  * politicians in brussels write a large amount of law and regulations , that is not tailored for the uk , and in some cases not even wanted by the uk . 
  * the increasing politicisation and federal direction of the eu is not one the uk ever wanted to be a part of . 
  the eu executive refusing two-tier systems , and repeatedly pushing for federalisation , is not in the uk interest . 
  * the eu is a customs union , but despite decades of existence has only a dozen free trade deals with the rest of the world ( and not with some of britain 's biggest trade partners ) . 
  * migration from the eu keeps going up and up , putting a strain on services and infrastructure , and taking jobs away from native britons ( many jobs are advertised in eastern europe , but not in the uk ) . 
  but they 're not instructing people how to vote , they 're giving reasons to vote for them and not the other side . 
   yet i have still to hear two good arguments for why leave is a good choice it 's slightly concerning that you 're commenting on the leave case despite not having read any of their literature , or any summaries of their arguments . 
  it 's not hard to either find reasons , or think of them . 
   every single point that nigel and boris spread in the media is 100 % false whereas anyone reading this knows that what you just said is 100 % nonsense . 
  why do n't you read up on what has been said , what has happened , and what 's likely to happen , before you start saying stuff like this . 
  it 's not the eu which made the uk strong , and it 's not the case that the uk is going to accept opting-in to everything the eu demands . 
   a lot of people in the uk are angry that they were deceived by nigel and boris in this question . 
  a few , very vocal , people are angry that they lost . 
  and whilst attacking vote leave , are more than happy to gloss over the fact that the remain camp was far worse with its lies and nonsense . 
  racial crime is a crime , ( race hatred is not ) . 
  as is incitement to violence . 
  but unless you have proof that johnson and farage are actually guilty of that , rather than you disagreeing with them , it 's a moot point . 
  as for the dead , you are n't seriously blaming leavers for that are you ? 
  it 's a tragedy that 's the work of actual criminals , not a side you disagree with . 
  edit . 
  re osgood_schlatter 's comment , ` racial hatred is a crime , yes ' --  racial crime is a crime , ( race hatred is not ) . 
  telling people how you think they should vote is not the same , or anything like the same , as telling people how to vote , or voter fraud . 
  no , he 's not , and the situations are n't remotely the same . 
  aside from the fact that you 're including only one side in your examples , the choices are entirely different . 
  what 's more , politicians are not telling you how to vote , they 're telling you how they 're voting and why , and why their choice is better than the oppositions ' . 
  and quite frankly , with the amount of literature and media out there , it 's practically impossible for people to not be informed about what both sides are saying about themselves and others , as well as a plethora of independent opinions . 
  hmm , i 'm not sure how that train of thought happened , but it could probably help artists trying to break into surrealism . 
  telling lies/exaggerations/misinformation is miles away from telling people how to vote . 
  quite frankly , it 's slightly worrying that you think they 're the same . 
  it 's not in any way fraud . 
  fraud would be gerrymandering , or telling people how to vote , faking ballots , etc. 
  as for lying being undemocratic , it 's important that people , and politicians , are free to say what they want . 
  it 's relatively easy for members of the public , opposing politicians , and the press to call them out on it . 
  but involving a judge in political matters is an extreme step , and undermines democracy far more than politicians exaggerating . 
  a better excuse at least than british companies ' : ` leaves on the line . ', 
  as has already been pointed on the r/uk discussion , telling lies is n't illegal . 
  judicial deference to the legislature on politics is well established in law , which is why when ukip sued blair for not holding a lisbon treaty referendum , the high court judge ruled that an unelected judge has no jurisdiction over elected politicians regarding political matters . 
  [ credit to shockingandawesome & incertitudeindefinie for pointing this out on r/uk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/55hw3p/this_man_has_raised_over_145000_and_hired_a_team/d8b1scz ) , with a [ bbc article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/7233175.stm ) and [ telegraph article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/politics-blog/11541708/the-court-case-that-proves-you-cant-sue-politicians-for-breaking-their-election-promises.html ) on this . 
  you 're misunderstanding . 
  it 's not the eu that stops border checks and allows cross-border living/working , it 's a separate uk-roi agreement - the current arrangements significantly predate the formation of the eu . 
  may and foster have already said there would n't be a hard border , nor any uk internal borders . 
   what 's to stop goods being brought from the eu to the uk without any checks that depends on whether or not the uk remains in the eea , which is unknown at the moment . 
  but even if it left , there 's a difference between stopping people and stopping trucks . 
  the open borders in ireland are completely separate to the eu and schengen , as they 're part of the common travel area . 
  hard border controls are n't going to be put in place .
