  and these big pieces of legislation do n't have any form of constitutional status , quasi or no - they simply change or define constitutional issues . 
  any parliament can repeal , amend , or add to them with a simple vote . 
  cameron would have held the referendum in the 2010 parliament , but the lib dems blocked it ( they thought they might lose ) . 
  to add to that , it 's not just a question of domestic policies that are unlikely to affect the rest of the world . 
  trump has said he would n't necessarily defend nato members from aggression , that sinking an iranian ship would n't count as a declaration of war , and most worryingly of all , why not use nukes since the usa has them ? 
  that 's the sort of rhetoric that starts wars , and is far more damaging than electing a normal far-right or far-left leader . 
  ` the establishment ' was in power before , and the leadership of all major political parties was pro-remain . 
  ` the establishment ' in power now , as well as being pro-remain , is * enacting the will of the people * , not exiting the eu for their own interests . 
  sure , i 've already said that , like every country in the world , we have our share of racists . 
  the issue is that some people feel emboldened by the brexit result and so will hurl abuse . 
  but every singe attack reported by the bbc has only been allegedly racist , or treated as racist because of a comment . 
  if you have a source which actually has proof one was a racist attack , then i 'd like to see it - but it still would n't mean the uk is a hotbed of violence that hates eastern europeans . 
  ` the establishment ' was heavily pro-remain . 
  i have n't yet seen proof that any attacks were racially motivated , seeing as every one was ` allegedly ' and most have been proven to be gang related . 
  violent attacks happen , because there are 700,000 poles , mainly concentrated in london where crime rates are higher . 
   we do n't really have gang-related violence here gang violence is more of a london thing , but most countries do have different crime cultures ( and ways of recording crime , which dilute data accuracy ) . 
  as i 've said , the apparent ` racism ' is n't really a thing , and has been promoted by agenda pushers who lie to sell papers - newspapers in the uk are generally shitty , the good ones have n't reported any change . 
  u/blurrism has put down some reasons , but an exit poll conducted by ashcroft ( usually highly accurate ) put down sovereignty as the biggest reason ( 49 % ) and immigration as the next ( 33 % ) , third was general dissatisfaction with the eu ( membership and powers , 13 % ) . 
  the rest were mixed , but no reason was because of racism . 
  [ the poll is here . 
  ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/#more-14746 ) u/blurrism is right in that the uk does not identify as european , a big part of the leave campaign was the increasing federalisation and politicisation of the eu , which had originally been a trade group . 
  a lot of users on r/europe and r/askeurope identify as european over british . 
  that 's cool , they 're entitled to their opinion , but they are in a tiny minority in the uk . 
   we were not aware that this was indeed happening in the uk in the first place you were under the impression that the uk was a utopia where no crime ever happened ? 
  thanks , i guess ? 
  there are millions of eu migrants in the uk , it 's not surprising that some of them might be victims of crime . 
  it 's true that perceptions of the uk are generally inaccurate , though it 's nice to see people say uk instead of england . 
  the racist attacks have generally been described as `` alleged racist attack , '' the number of race-crime convictions has n't gone up . 
  the uk does have racists , like every other country in the world , but they 're not in the majority . 
   you 're pretty much guaranteed to get a lot of negative reactions . 
  i 'm mainly irritated at the people who are promoting the circlejerk , the shitty papers like the guardian and independent , and the r/europe subs who trawl every minor news site for any ` alleged racist ' event , whether it 's racist or not . 
  something like kentonline is n't a national paper . 
  [ this is an article from spiked ] ( http://www.spiked-online.com/newsite/article/britain-has-not-become-racist-overnight-brexit-eu/18511#.v-r4jiroakw ) [ and this is an article from the mail ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3805008/the-great-brexit-hate-crime-myth-claims-epidemic-race-crimes-referendum-simply-false.html ) , a more in-depth and better article if you ignore the odd agenda-pushing sentence . 
  as for violent crime , what has been reported is half a dozen crimes against europeans ( who form ~ 5 % of our population ) , not a surge against them . 
  considering there are tens of thousands of violent crimes a year ( and all reported crimes are in ` rough ' high-crime areas ) , it 's generally a case of reporting all crimes rather than a massive increase . 
  more specifically , four days ago r/europe reported a murder inquiry into a man beaten to death in london . 
  however , police and the czech foreign office stated it was most likely gang violence . 
  a pole was killed at one point , and people called it racism , despite friends of the deceased saying it was gang-related again . 
  the issue is that r/europe trawls local news for any possible way to fuel the circlejerk ( we 've had links from kentonline , the shropshirestar , etc ) . 
  the truth is that there are hundreds of thousands of eu migrants in the country , and a crime rate exists ; it 's not as if migrants are never going to be victims of crime . 
   do n't take my words out of context . 
  i said for me . 
  sure , i assumed that if the country was a no-go zone for you , it 'd be a no-go zone for other eastern europeans too . 
  the attacks on foreigners are real , but blown massively out of proportion . 
   soon free travel to uk will not be possible anyway define travel . 
  plenty of countries have free visas on arrival for tourists , it 's unlikely the uk will block the rest of the eu from that . 
  if you mean travel to work , then yeah , going to end in a few years . 
  and that the 52 % who voted leave did n't do so out of racism or hatred of europe . 
  leaving the eu is n't the same as turning your back on european friends and allies !, 
   some attacked by `` youth '' , several killed . 
  reason ? 
  spoke polish . 
  the ` violence ' that the media reporting is generally a circlejerk to sell papers . 
  there has n't been an increase in crime , or violent crime against eu citizens , it 's just that the papers have suddenly started reporting them so it appears that there has been an upsurge . 
  as for race-hate-crime , the number of reports and allegations have gone up , but not as much as people have said ( the highest change being 50 % over * one day * ) . 
  the police have mentioned that a lot of people are calling in with racial allegations that are n't actually racist , which is why the race-hate conviction rate has n't increased . 
  however , if it 's reported , it goes in the statistics , whether it 's racist or a crime or not . 
   the country has become a complete no-go zone you 're sadly misinformed . 
  do n't believe everything you see on the news . 
  just some stats for you . 
  people from the indian subcontinent ( india , bangladesh and pakistan ) do form about 5 % of our population , which is not just the biggest asian community , but the largest ethnic minority in the country . 
  conversely , british-chinese are about 0.7 % of the population , with a third of those being students . 
  true , although it can feel very forced and fake if you 're not used to that sort of thing . 
  i 've been called a great friend by an american i was chatting to in a pub , despite the fact that i doubted i 'd ever see him again . 
  a pub chat does n't make people acquaintances , let alone friends , for britons . 
  same , it seems it 's a very american thing to make friends with people and then stay in touch . 
  brits , for instance , will chat and socialise with lots of people at conferences and holidays , and happily forget about them as soon as they go home . 
  it does n't particularly matter who leads any country in the world , what generally matters is what the country does on the international stage under their leadership . 
  trump will be treated no differently because of his domestic policies , it does n't matter if he wants to build a wall or scrap healthcare or whatever . 
  if he pulls out of nato , or starts insulting other countries ( or demands mexico pay for the usa 's border security ) then that will damage relations . 
  unless trump starts breaking human rights and not following the rule of law ( unlikely ) , i doubt many leaders will comment on his policies at all . 
  with prescriptions , if you have a lot then instead of # 8.40 every time , you can get prescription prepayment certificates - an annual one costs # 104 , so you start making savings if you have more than 12 prescriptions a year . 
  you also do n't have to pay at all in wales , northern ireland or scotland ( although this may not last due to large opposition from doctors and the high costs , with some arguing that making medicine appear ` free ' is n't a good thing ) . 
   the obligation of a referendum a good idea , but there is n't the same obligation for a referendum on entry and on large changes to the eu . 
   eu institutions and other states to present their point of view in debates no , it 's not up to them . 
  each country is sovereign and should be taking the decision themselves . 
  other people and leaders are free to comment , but they should n't be wading into the middle of the debate . 
  i 'm a little disappointed that r/uk just became a left-wing circlejerk . 
  as someone who does n't believe that corbyn is the messiah and the tories the spawn of satan , it can be very narrow and overly happy with downvoting contrary opinions . 
  the pledge is actually about the usa , you can tell because it uses words like ` united states of america ' and ` one nation . ', 
  that 's nationalism , and you literally call it a pledge of allegiance . 
  the state church that does nothing except raise money to keep buildings up ? 
  the royal family that has literally no power ? 
  please do some research . 
  you 're a terrible troll . 
  aside from the fact that the anthem is n't saluting a flag whilst pledging allegiance ... cite your sources . 
   no one claimed otherwise but the bbc is n't all that is available in the uk . 
  yes , i 've said that . 
  but the other channels do n't have as many adverts as american channels . 
   no , i 'm showing you a person , you regularly interact with that does nothing but obsess over the us . 
  literally never heard of them before , but looking at their comments , i ca n't find any about the us in their 25 most recent . 
  if you want to circle-jerk about people obsessing about the usa , then go to r/murica . 
  it is concerning that someone is triggered by contrary opinions . 
  he should probably talk to a psychiatrist to help him understand social interactions better . 
  it 's not lecturing to state facts . 
  and i 'm not sure what you thought reddit was , but this is a place to share opinions . 
   see !, 
  this is obsession , it 's not indoctrination and that word shows you 're far from objective . 
  it 's not obsession to know a few facts about the usa , like you pledging allegiance in schools . 
  most of the world calls that indoctrination , because it 's extreme for them .
