  but they are relevant . 
  as is 2 million scots voting for britain , and 1.6 million voting for europe . 
  the polls may change , but until then , snp and independence support has only fallen . 
   that 's the same thing . 
  but it 's not . 
  switzerland and norway are n't part of the eu , are they arrogant and self-centred ? 
  denmark does n't use the euro , do they think of themselves as more special ? 
   freedom of movement is one of the very few most important pillars of the eu . 
  there is absolutely no way you are getting any other deal without it . 
  plenty of countries trade with the eu without freedom of movement . 
  the uk does n't and should n't have to accept that kind of union when it just wants to trade with the eu . 
   why should eu trade with britain if britain wo n't allow free movement ? 
  because it does the same thing for plenty of other countries ? 
  turkey , egypt , mexico , tunisia , and south korea spring to mind . 
  what about the usa , will they have to join free movement as a necessary part of ttip ? 
  why is the uk different ? 
   freedom of movement is part of both the eea and efta , but you knew that before voting , did n't you ? 
  yes , i did know that . 
  the idea was that we 'd quit it all , and just be trading with the eu . 
  you know , like many countries do . 
   the referendum should n't have been held in the first place , that was the dumbest decision made in the uk ever since at least a hundred years . 
  in this country we have respect for democracy and the will of the people . 
  you ca n't be a democratic country and ignore the people when you feel like it , you have to accept that there will be differences of opinion , and respect the majority decision . 
  it 's not quite free speech , since free speech would encourage referenda to go ahead , not block them because the government thinks it might lose . 
   you can leave if you want obviously , but everybody else is free to call you a cunt for doing so . 
  people are free to say what they want , but i do n't see any need for name-calling . 
   they already had that with what cameron had negociate . 
  no they did n't . 
  negotiations barely limited anything , and cameron got a lot of stick for not switching to leave like he said he would after a bad deal . 
  a political union already exists with maastricht and lisbon . 
  there are fiscal transfer , eu taxes , a parliament and commission , even a flag and anthem ; and many eu leaders are pro-federalisation . 
  the only real concession the uk got was to opt-out of `` ever closer union , '' when we were already part of a political union . 
   but eu is the institution the most relevant about the future of european continent by promoting collaboration between most of european countries and the uk is happy to work and trade with the eu as an equal partner , just not as a member . 
  we 'd be friendly and trading even if it was n't a major player , we 're friends and neighbours . 
  we 're not getting rid of our voice and collaborative efforts , just taking them in a different direction . 
  or do you honestly think that britain will be entirely ignored because it 's not a part of the eu anymore ? 
   so saying that by leaving eu , uk is leaving europe is kind of accurate . 
  i do n't know how you can say that . 
  there are european countries not in the eu , and some that do n't want to be part of it . 
  we 're not getting tugboats and dragging the uk off to the caribbean , we 're just not being part of a political union . 
  leaving the eu is vastly different to cutting off ties and quitting europe . 
   the old style european union was just business yes . 
  but the uk joined maastricht and lisbon treaties which are much more . 
  maastricht and lisbon were never ratified by the british people , and i sincerely doubt they would ever have been ratified by popular vote . 
   i fail to see the friendship the brits have for europe that 's unfortunate for you , but i do n't know of anyone who dislikes europe . 
  especially in germany , who we see as some of the people closest to us culturally and great partners . 
   if we ignore all the british imperialism what now ? 
  where is britain being imperialistic ? 
  or do you think britain thinks it 's an empire still , because no-one in britain even thinks about the empire we had anymore . 
   you are asking for access to the single market without freedom of movement etc. 
  that would be concessions so huge it moves them into the realm of fantasy . 
  it 's not though , because plenty of countries have free trade deals without being part of the single market . 
  the eu even has an association agreement for it !, 
  neighbours like egypt and tunis are part of it and get free trade , faraway places like mexico and south korea trade freely with the eu too . 
  why should the uk not stand on equal footing like those countries , and remain a de facto member of the eu , when it voted de jure to leave ? 
   no , britain saved $ 120 billion over the years on our expense . 
  and in britain 's view , the eu gained # 8.5 billion a year at britain 's expense . 
  it goes both ways you know . 
   you phrased `` the uk complied with the treaty it signed after bitching about it for months . '', 
  weirdly . 
  because that is what that was . 
  sooo , britain complained because it did n't like it , but still complied ? 
  despite the eu 's reaction being to say to people who did n't like it , pay it or we 'll charge interest ? 
  britain complains about lots of things , it 's a national pastime , but we still got on and paid our dues . 
   they will get residency permits ? 
  why ? 
  how ? 
  the whole point of voting to leave was to get rid of that filthy free movement . 
  yes , the uk does n't like free movement . 
  no , we 're not going to start mass repatriation . 
  the leave campaign made that very clear , that people in the uk are welcome to stay . 
  obviously the type of residency visa is up for negotiation , whether it 'll be a simple ` you can stay ' visa up to full-blown ` you can now apply for citizenship . ', 
  but britain is not going to kick anyway out . 
   in case of germany they 'll get permits if they 've managed to be in germany legally for at least five years . 
  other than they 'll obviously go home . 
  including students ? 
  seems a tad harsh , since britain is happy for germans in the uk to remain . 
  i expect if germany insists on that , then the uk will be forced to treat german citizens the same way , which would be a shame . 
   we 're pretty sure of it . 
  the city is n't . 
  it 's already said it 's staying . 
  london 's success as a financial hub is n't purely down to europe . 
  you can work longer hours in london , have a large supply of english speaking people , and people already working there have clients that wo n't want to switch to other people . 
  it 's far more complicated than it appears , and until the negotiations are over , we wo n't know what will happen . 
   yes , and those who bought for 75 % will surely make a profit selling for 50 % . 
  house prices in this country have never fallen , especially not in london . 
  the increase might slow down , but i doubt they 're going to fall . 
  and quite frankly , the amount of people who will benefit from this far outweights the number of people who will lose out . 
  after all , people with houses can just wait for the market to recover , and a few years down the line be making profits again . 
  but no-one thinks that even if they fall , they 'll fall that sharply . 
   tories/cameron 's stupidity well , the tories are the most eurosceptic major party . 
  no tory remainer is pro-federalisation , only pro-ec . 
  cameron had no choice , with his party split on the issue and the rise of ukip showing people wanted to speak , he had to call a referendum . 
  doing it despite being a remainer was statesmanlike , not stupid . 
   especially not after watching it backfire horribly in the uk 52 % of people would disagree with you there , especially ukip :p, 
   so , the uk will have to follow the same regulations it follows now , without having any influence on their content . 
  like every country that trades with anyone has to do . 
   regarding a financial transaction tax . 
  the eu has wanted to implement such a tax for a long time and the uk always stopped that , because of the city . 
  now that the uk is out , the eu will implement such a tax and the city will have to follow that regulation or they are out that wo n't make the city less competitive though .
