  maybe in the western isles , where all the speakers are , but not for the rest of scotland . 
  but that 's just getting back into the regional vs. national language argument . 
   there 's no reason why scottish people should n't enjoy or be proud of gaelic or scots , wherever they are . 
  well , gaelic is scottish , but scottish is n't gaelic . 
  i 'm british , but that does n't mean i identify with gaelic or welsh as part of my heritage . 
  and on theatre and literature , it 'd be better to translate gaelic to english so all 5million scots could enjoy it , rather than just the 50,000 ( most of them on the western isles ) gaelic speakers . 
  put on a gaelic show in edinburgh and literally no-one will turn up , because no-one speaks it there . 
  the same holds true for most of the lowlands . 
   i was referring to gaelic and if you would simply let it disappear or would you be favourable to some degree of protection if it were possibly to do it for less or no money , but you already answered that while covering another point . 
  yeah , no state intervention there . 
  if it were free , the private sector would do it , and it would n't be a government problem ( and be even more reason not to do it , as it 'd imply the private sector did n't want to ) . 
  still , at least keeping gaelic is n't mad like people trying to bring cornish back ( a completely dead language , buried for over two hundred years ) . 
   i get your views but i had to comment again ca n't have the last word , eh ? 
  :p if you use two of these   , it does a double insert that 'll separate quotes up btw . 
  like this :   first quote  quoted response and you can click formatting help beneath comment box , or go [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting ) to see more formatting possibilities . 
  you 're confusing percentage of trade with percentage of gdp . 
  he 's confusing percentage of trade with percentage of gdp . 
   considering the terrain open water ? 
  also , gibraltar only claims 3nm , not the full 12 . 
  the zones also do n't overlap , if they would then territorial waters stop at the ` median line ' between the two coasts . 
  except gibraltar is entitled to claim up to 12nm . 
  it 'd just be spain that might have a problem with it , every other country recognises british sovereignty over the rock . 
  i do n't think taking advantage of the convention to claim unclaimed waters would be seen as aggressive really , though i 'm sure a few people would decry it as so . 
  i believe guernsey does want to extend its territorial waters though , and jersey and the isle of man already have 12nm , so there 's hardly a precedent . 
  true , they 're entitled to the median line there . 
  i was more saying that the convention allows countries to claim 12 n. miles , which in gibraltar 's case would massively expand their waters eastwards to 12 , and south by 2 and a bit up to ceuta waters . 
  true , although one was proxy and this would be direct . 
   no current animosity between the uk and spain well , there 's some . 
  spain likes closing the border , sending the civil guardia into gibraltar waters and messing about with other stuff ( including opening a diplomatic bag ) . 
  but it 's not argentine levels of hostility , for the most part we 're fairly friendly . 
  right , but whilst greece had an interest in cyprus , they were n't suzerain overlords . 
  neither cyprus , greece or turkey could have invoked nato 's defensive pact , so it 's not a precedent for the gibraltar dispute . 
  spain ratified by the un convention on the sea , and so therefore has no legal leg to stand on . 
  gibraltar is entitled to claim 12 nautical miles ( and just up to the median line if this 12nm would intrude on another country 's waters , as pointed out by stuijfsande below ) , but only claims 3 . 
  the spanish case rests on them making a statement when they signed the convention ( despite articles saying that exceptions ca n't be made to the convention ) ; and that utrecht did n't mention territorial waters ( neither spanish nor british ) . 
  well , utrecht did n't mention waters because those terms were n't around 300 years ago ( as seen when portugal ceded the city of ceuta to spain , but not the harbour , in 1668 ) . 
  besides , it 's long been established that a cession of territory automatically carries the cession of territorial waters . 
  if spain thought it had a case , it 'd have accepted one of britain 's numerous invitations to take the sovereignty of gibraltar to the icj . 
  edit . 
  parenthesised correction in first paragraph . 
  unfortunately for spain , that means nothing . 
  articles 309 and 310 of the convention state that `` no reservations or exceptions may be made to this convention unless expressly permitted by other articles of this convention '' , and that if a signatory state makes a declaration upon ratification , that declaration must `` not purport to exclude or to modify the legal effect of the provisions of this convention in their application '' to that state . 
  cyprus is n't a member of nato . 
   well , this is really the point of our discord . 
  i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  fair enough then . 
  personally i see languages as mainly a tool for communication rather than an important part of culture . 
  although i suppose speaking the world 's dominant language may skew that . 
   as a minority they still have a right to be informed and entertained , in that language if they so choose i 'd call being informed and entertained a privilege rather than a right . 
  and since they all speak english primarily , they ca n't possibly complain that they are n't being entertained by english media . 
   # 26million in the broadcasting industry is almost insignificant ... 
  does n't the government already fund the bbc and local channels ? 
  that 's 7 tv channels compared to 1 , part-time , in gaelic i would n't call 15 % of the bbc 's budget for scotland insignificant . 
  and since only 1 % of people speak gaelic , going by your argument there 'd have to be 99 english tv channels before a gaelic one . 
   the thing is , for the language to be revived/maintained , there has to be an effort made by organizations to preserve it and i do n't see why taxpayers money has to be involved , creating a national revival for a regional language , when hardly anyone speaks it . 
  i 'm all for individuals and the private sector doing what they want , but why waste the government 's money ? 
  and if you argue that gaelic speakers are taxpayers too , i 'd point out that they already take advantage of all other spending as well as english media . 
  by spending money , an imbalance is created in favour of gaelic . 
   by the same logic , public broadcasting or public services in places with little population could be sold or privatised ? 
  the government has an interest in communicating and having news spread by a state broadcaster . 
  the language it speaks is only relevant to reaching as many people as possible . 
  english reaches everyone . 
  gaelic reaches 70,000 people who already speak english . 
   that some gaelic speakers were monolingual well , for one thing i 'd be worried about scottish education . 
  but yes , i 'd allow that gaelic channels are important , as would the government spending money on it . 
  i 'd also say that having very few speakers would make it harder to actually create content though . 
  if you 've got a minor language it 's not going to have much in it . 
   originating in scotland , and people who talk it have the right to do it originating in ireland , actually . 
  and pushing scots-english out of the way by conquest . 
  yes , people have a right to speak it . 
  no , that does n't mean they automatically have a right to government money . 
   do n't necessarily have be from one particular side of the political spectrum well , no . 
  but the promotion is nationalistic . 
  for one thing , it 's spread in regions which never spoke it , and regions which have n't spoken it for centuries ( i.e. 
  most of the lowlands , where everyone lives ) . 
  the snp does n't help of course , since they 're a nationalist party and constantly striving to create division . 
  but people are naturally uncomfortable when they ca n't understand what people are saying , that 's why a tiny language like gaelic feels divisive . 
   we could use that same logic you used on so many other things could you though ? 
  people always argue that about everything , but it 's always taken out of context . 
  take endangered animals . 
  if tigers go extinct it 'd be a shame , and we 'd have a reason to stop that if it broke the ecosystem , but if they were dying out because of human interference , we 'd have a duty to try and prevent that . 
  a species that died out because it failed , or was too dumb to procreate ? 
  let them go , nothing to do with us . 
  art is a terrible example and you know it , since it provides a non-tangible benefit . 
   language is culture culture is so much more than language though . 
  why not spend the money on something everyone can enjoy and be proud of . 
  failing that , something which everyone can be involved in . 
  invest in architecture , poetry , art galleries or libraries ; do n't invest in the one percent . 
   from what i understand , you would prefer if people only spoke english , so i would pose you a question : what would you do about it ? 
  nothing , is my point . 
  english has already won . 
  it 's victory is the reason we should speak it , we do n't need to try and increase usage . 
   thanks !, 
  my mind is foggy today , so sorry if this comment was too much of a drag . 
  no problem  . 
  i 'm used to fairly long comments . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i did n't know that , i thought it died out there a couple of centuries earlier . 
   just ignore the bits in other languages that 's not the point . 
  the issue people have is that it 's not * their * language .
