  we 're not going to fall apart because we 're not in the eu ... 
  what 's wrong with canada ? 
  and where would brexited uk fit into that ? 
  just sit on them at 100 % until it does . 
  it 'll trigger eventually . 
  the fifth is when you take decorations down because it 's twelfth night , the last of the traditional twelve days of christmas . 
  epiphany is simply the day after , so they 're linked that way , but i 've never seen or heard of it being celebrated before . 
  so ... sealand ? 
  king james changed his primary title to the king of england , since it was the most prestigious . 
  whilst both england and scotland were ruled in personal union , neither came under the control of the other or were fully independent - the pink is used because it was the colour of the primary title of england ( such as when frederick v of styria inherited austria in 1457 , he switched his primary title to archduke of austria ) . 
   1919 - creation of the irish republic . 
  ooh , a rather controversial inclusion  i 'd have put the date at 1921 since that 's when the war was ended by treaty , and the republic started to get official recognition . 
  yes , it 's just the westminster parliamentary elections that use fptp ( which we also recently had a referendum on to keep ) . 
   fake compliments and bright smiles \u00e0 la american , than the uk or ireland would be your sweet spot not really , we also find that overbearing and too friendly . 
  americans tend to find britons distant because of how we act , and i suspect it 's similar for ireland . 
  i 'm the same , i just ca n't last in summer . 
  it 's because when it 's cold in winter , it 's easy to be warm , just put on a jumper . 
  whereas in summer , there 's not much you can do to cool off . 
  right , and because even a small number of immigrants would drastically alter the demographics of lichtenstein , they opted out of free movement . 
   i do n't think that this is unsustainable . 
  you 're looking at the wrong figures . 
  for one thing , those are out of date , and you can add 100,000 to the net number of immigrants per year ( ~ 70k/year in 2010 , and ~ 180k/yr in 2016 ) . 
  these numbers are also increasing year on year . 
  also , it 's not just the number of immigrants , but the rate of change that is also important . 
  in the uk , the faster growing population puts a strain on public services and infrastructure . 
  germany , for instance , has a high immigrant population but rather stagnant population growth ; whereas the uk has an issue because it has a large immigrant population which is pushing population growth up . 
  well , i know the uk does . 
  i presume other countries may have some struggles , or will see struggles after brexit . 
  lichtenstein for instance , has an opt-out from free movement because they 're so small . 
  i would n't be surprised if this was extended to other countries that had proportionally high immigrant populations . 
  i did n't say struggling with poles , i said struggling with immigrants . 
  various countries have a high level of immigration that they ca n't sustain , it does n't matter where they come from . 
   there is a cash flow back to the immigrants ' countries of origin that 's great for the emigrating country , but only to an extent . 
  poland is trying to stop young people to leave , as the money sent back does n't make up for the workforce upping sticks and leaving . 
  that would be a good way to do it on a fiscal basis . 
  after all , you ca n't have a monetary union without a fiscal one . 
   working in foreign countries has to become easier . 
  i 'd go for more limited . 
  freedom of movement sounds great on paper , but it 's not so good in such large quantities . 
  using poland as an example , their population at the moment is ~ 38.5 million . 
  but there are 800k poles in the uk , and 2.3 million abroad in the eu in * 2007 * . 
  they have massive brain drain and problems keeping poles in the country . 
  and on the other side of the table , some countries are struggling with far too many immigrants who they ca n't turn away . 
   harmonisation of various things like taxes so long as harmonisation is based on percentages and not nominal figures . 
  that way costs of living can be competitive . 
  that 's not a particularly accurate summary of opinion on federation . 
  france , for example , has more people in favour than people against , but does n't have a majority opinion for federation ( at 45 % ) . 
  the same is true for the eu as a whole , 41 % of people are for , and 34 % against , but that 's still not a majority of people . 
  worth pointing out that the question was n't worded particularly well , as ` the eu should develop further into a federation of nation states ' is quite different to ` the eu should become a federal superstate . ', 
  it was deliberately worded vaguely in order to include pro-integrationists with pro-federalists . 
   or the `` very rare fuck-up '' end . 
  police misidentified him as one of the 7/7 bombing fugitives , and followed him onto the tube . 
  it was n't standard operating procedure at all . 
  the ed stone . 
  not exactly an ad , because it was n't on tv or radio , but in 2015 ed miliband decided it 'd be a good idea to make a massive stone with pledges written `` as a reminder of our duty to keep labour 's promises . '', 
  [ wiki page here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edstone ) and a little [ picture of it here . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/edstone.jpg ) it helped labour lose , and was unfortunately destroyed . 
  labour also forget to declare it on their expenses , and so had to pay a fine . 
  weird . 
  i guess the sub or server spasmed , since i 've seen other notifications . 
  also that , but it was more easily visible through the pictures of him . 
  more interestingly , do you have any idea why your comment took four days to arrive in my inbox ? 
  * 1 & 2 : pr refers to proportional representation ( percentage of votes = percentage of seats ) and fptp refers to the british electoral system of first past the post , a single-member constituency system ( each equal-sized constituency returns one member , generally undermining fringe party success ) . 
  * 3 : op is racist . 
  * 4 : khan won because he was a labour candidate in a labour area , and because goldsmith 's ( conservative ) campaign was a bit shit . 
  nothing to do with his heritage or religion . 
  probably the family , unless the church was catholic . 
  the coe is a lot more relaxed about religion , and will quite happily marry two atheists or an atheist-christian partnership ( also because both parties will pay for the church roof ) . 
  suspending democracy because you do n't like democracy wo n't get rid of populism . 
  it 'll have the opposite effect , and could lead to a revolt . 
  yeah , i see where you 're coming from . 
  you should always include a healthy dose of paranoia alongside cynicism , just as long as it is n't too much . 
  in the current climate of terrorism people are happy to sacrifice some privacy for security , although i would n't say civil liberties are under much attack . 
  the pendulum will swing the other way if circumstances change though . 
  using china as an example , the people happily sacrificed freedom for prosperity , but as prosperity grows the system becomes more free . 
  in the west , as security increases ( hopefully though liberty and peace in the me in addition to the decline of terrorism ) , people will demand that the state rolls back its interference . 
  of course , i 'm saying all this as someone who the state probably has n't looked at much . 
  i 've gone through a couple of security checks , but i 'm nowhere near relevant enough for anyone to look closely at me . 
  more prominent people might disagree , especially considering that hackers can also release information instead of the government . 
  that 's less an issue with the ip bill and more an issue with needing/wanting more oversight and strengthening the judiciary though . 
  these reservations were arguably dealt with on an executive front by the ` double-lock ' mechanism , but you ca n't do much to increase oversight with a powers bill . 
  what would you do for security workers though ? 
  increase oversight ? 
  more managers ? 
  hold an inquiry into potential illegalities ( with protection for whistleblowers ) ? 
  if future governments want to go all totalitarian * v for vendetta * style , then the current bill wo n't stop or empower them . 
  people are opposing this bill because of the area its legislating in , not because of the bill 's actual content . 
  honestly , they 'd probably never go that far , and i doubt anyone would get any kicks out of google search history anyway . 
  it 'd be the sites that people would be pissed about , not people being concerned that everyone now knows they do n't know how to spell . 
  incredibly so . 
  it 's not exactly unusual when it comes to papers in our country though , the indy ran with a similar story . 
  unfortunately , foreigners do n't tend to be aware about how terrible our media is , and nonsense stories are taken at face value . 
  there are very few accurate/truthful papers in the uk anymore . 
  you 're much better off using the bbc and only looking at papers with a good deal of cynicism . 
  they 're not abusing anything . 
  metadata collection already occurs , and isps already store connection history . 
  that you can use a warrant to look at it is hardly revolutionary . 
  the bill does n't change much , and is n't easily open to abuse . 
  the worries are n't over the government and warrants , or official intrusion of privacy , but a general lack of trust towards the security services and concerns over hackers . 
  i 've actually read the bill , and so see no reason to join in the circlejerk .
