  but considering the terrorism and tensions , calling northern ireland part of england probably would n't go down well . 
   like people using holland to refer to the netherlands i was actually arguing about this with someone the other day on this sub , who claimed that the dutch dealt with the mistake , and so britons should accept wrongness too . 
   people that call it britain are getting it wrong too no no , britain is what the country is known as . 
  great britain is a geographical construct and historical name , which is why it 's incorrect . 
  however , britain is a contraction of the uk of gb & ni , and is a common synonym for the country . 
  that 's why we use the adjective british in law and common language . 
   sometimes the united kingdom is one country and other times it is separate countries it 's always both . 
  it 's a country formed of countries , because historically it was a kingdom formed of kingdoms . 
   ukexit , seeing as northern ireland is meant to be leaving too ni is part of the uk , and since britain refers to the uk and not anything else , it 's a standard term . 
   throw in people getting ireland and the republic of ireland confused , and people saying things like northern ireland is part of england and we have more confusion a marvellous way for people to get beaten up in ireland . 
  although it does n't help that the republic insists on trying to call itself just ireland . 
   without trying to explain it all to the rest of the world but it 's not complicated !, 
  everyone knows germany is synonymous with deutschland , and that greece is the hellenic republic ( and new south germany ) . 
  same with the uk . 
  uk = britain . 
  i mean , it 's not exactly difficult for people to work out . 
  the country is the uk , and known as britain ; and people who call the country england are getting it wrong . 
   denmark has a queen , so that ruled out putting in `` the queen '' could have just used her name :p, 
  things change after a country declares war on you . 
  the battle of britain and the ( aborted ) operation sea lion were part of germany 's war with the uk . 
  however , before that , hitler believed respected the uk ; and so he would have preferred to remain allies - giving germany hegemony over europe and the uk hegemony over the rest of the world . 
  unfortunately for him , britain was n't really into european hegemons , and so honoured poland 's call to arms . 
  sand bucket . 
  people rolled armour around in barrels of sand to scour away rust . 
  see , normally i 'd correct people , and point out that since 1707 , there 's been no crown of england . 
  but you said * in * england , so it 's the whole prussia deal all over again ... 
  has the uk ever said it 'd send troops and then not done so ? 
   for the english media to harbor resentment towards russia , after all these years the ** british ** media , and britain in general , has this viewpoint on russia because it 's one of the most belligerent and war-mongering countries in the world . 
  the threats and positions over the baltics , eastern europe , ukraine , and georgia do n't sit well with the british public , who prefer democracy and peace . 
   so many russians died ( 20 million , giver or take ) so that england could still be a thing when faced with the nazi threat revisionism at its finest . 
  the uk and france declared war on germany when it invaded poland , and in case you 'd forgotten , the soviet union was also trying to annex poland . 
  the soviet union was then betrayed by hitler before stalin could betray germany , and they got bogged down in war . 
  hitler had no intention of invading the uk , and wanted to be on friendly terms with them . 
  russians did n't die for britain at all . 
   harboring resentment towards things that happened 4 generations is retarded , specially considering that 4 generations ago people still held up to such romantic notions like `` the glorious dead '' , and that `` god is with us '' . 
  more than four generations ago . 
  but the uk does n't have an issue with that , and could n't care less . 
  in fact , the uk and most of the west would n't have any problem with russia , apart from it trying to kick-start soviet union 2.0 through sneaky annexation . 
  full ranking according to them is : * 1 : germany * 2 : canada * 3 : uk * 4 : usa * 5 : sweden * 6 : australia * 7 : japan * 8 : france * 9 : netherlands * 10 : denmark, 
  the stats are from reported hate crimes , and the commonly cited stat is from a period of one day . 
  various police press conferences have literally come out and said that reports are different from convictions , every report ( true or false ) goes into the stat book , and most reports consist of people complaining about what people like farage say re immigration . 
  since the hate crime conviction rate has n't changed , we can safely say that there has n't been any real change day to day . 
   where there are no tariffs merely massive inflated food prices . 
  the uk either has to buy eu food at high prices because the eu is uncompetitive , or imported food at high prices because of import tariffs . 
  outside the eu , there 's nothing stopping the uk ditching tariffs and buying food from the rest of the world for far lower prices . 
   last time i checked the average tariff between the eu and usa is 1.5 % . 
  i do n't know about average tariffs , i 'm just going by agricultural ones since we 're talking about food . 
  [ this is a cap reform website with a table on some tariffs ] ( http://capreform.eu/how-the-eu-market-looks-to-food-exporters/ ) and [ this is the data source from the wto ] ( https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/publications_e/world_tariff_profiles15_e.htm ) ( massive pdf though ) . 
   the uk is already not paying tariffs on most on its imported food i 'm going to go through this step by step for you . 
  the price of food outside the eu is low , in part because of lower costs and a larger arable landsize . 
  however , the eu wants to protect its agricultural sector . 
  thus , the eu places tariffs on external agricultural goods , and subsidises farmers . 
  the subsidies push up the price of eu produced food , and the tariffs mean that non-eu food prices are also pushed up to this level . 
  this means that all food in the eu and uk is more expensive than it has to be , as both common market foods and imported foods have higher prices . 
  leaving the common market means the uk can import food without these high tariffs , thus pushing down food costs . 
  no tariffs in the eu , right . 
  of course , outside the eu , there 's also nothing making the uk place tariffs on eu food . 
  additionally , inside the eu , the cap artificially inflates the price of eu food . 
  outside of the eu and its tariffs , and food price competition will drive prices down . 
  being inside the eu and its protectionist agricultural sector keeps food prices high , not low . 
   big share of the food is coming from the usa and northern africa 8 % ? 
  a big share ? 
  you 're also wrong on tariff levels . 
  the usa average tariff is 16.4 % , and when weighted is 6.6 % . 
  it 's higher in africa : egypt 's average is 12.5 % , weighted to 9.9 % ; morocco 's is 12.9 % , weighted to 12.1 % ; kenya 's average is 15.5 % , weighted to 8.6 % . 
   wo n't change with the uk leaving the eu outside of the eu , the uk can set tariffs to whatever it pleases . 
  if that means dropping tariffs on food to help consumers , then so be it . 
  you 'd have to have acts of parliament separating the titles . 
   you already do n't have tariffs on the vast majority of food what ? 
  there are massive tariffs on food . 
  the average is 18 % , with some going up to 600 % on certain agricultural products . 
  the average tariff rate is only brought down because the eu sets few tariffs on raw goods so it can process and re-export them . 
  bad example . 
  outside the eu we wo n't have high tariffs on foods , and so despite the falling pound food could actually be cheaper . 
  but not prices for everything . 
  and it does n't mean that the money itself is worth less . 
  it 's only worth less if you convert it into other currencies . 
  crown of great britain and northern ireland , there has n't been a crown of england since 1707 . 
  only if he intends to buy imported goods . 
  in the uk , the money is n't worth any less . 
  i 've already said that there 'd be some barriers to entry with a free trade deal . 
  did you not read my comment fully ? 
   nothing is illegal when you make the rules neither the eu nor the uk make the wto rules . 
  irregardless , the eu would probably be breaking its own rules , and be reigned in by its own courts . 
   so far it worked , just like it worked for everybodyelse it 's a proven fact that free trade is better than protectionism and mercantilism . 
  you only protect start-ups , sunset industries , and strategic industries ; and that 's not for economic good , but for employment and defence . 
   once scotland [ sic ] and n. ireland are out of it scotland which voted to stay , and polls say still want to stay ? 
  northern ireland which also wants to remain in the united kingdom ? 
  yeah , no . 
   no the uk never was a country , it was an empire , and that 's over . 
  scotland and n. ireland might leave your union , however you call yourself is anyone 's guess . 
  the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland includes the countries of england , wales , scotland and northern ireland . 
  each is a country , and the uk is the union of them . 
  the uk was never an empire either , get your facts right before you try and start arguing . 
   we do whatever we want to do and stop giving a fuck about what the uk think about it ? 
  after all , you 're out . 
  you speak as if you want europe to hate the uk , rather than remain friends like the uk ( and sensible europeans ) want . 
   eu-headquaters will have to move to be able to have full usage of the single market well , not necessarily . 
  firms will have to either set up subsidiary offices in order to do business in the market , which wo n't necessarily move that many jobs/taxes around ; or go through the hassle of acting as a foreign firm . 
  it 's entirely possible that some rights will be kept by businesses who already operate internationally , to prevent job losses .
