    [ table link here ] ( https://ukdjstatic-b4d.kxcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ukgp.jpg ) , but otherwise ` power score ' is ... 
  superpower : usa - 100 ; global power : uk - 48.6 ; regional powers : france - 39 , china - 37.6 ; russia - 30.3 , japan - 20 , germany - 19 , australia - 17.6 , canada 16.7 , india - 15.7 ; local powers : italy - 13.5 , spain - 13.4 , south korea - 10.3 , brazil - 10.1 , turkey - 7.7 . 
  this `` bullshit '' website is widely respected as a reputable source , as is european geostrategy . 
   so i 'm completely correct , and i must say my suspicion of your lack of reading skills is growing . 
  the uk ca n't do shit on its own . 
  and it does n't . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  the uk not going to war without allies does n't mean that they 're incapable of doing so , just that they choose not to operate alone . 
  that 's a political decision , not a strategic one . 
   it 's not globally agreed , and you do n't have a single reliable source sustaining that . 
  i provided your articles of your own press , quoting your own royal navy . 
  you ca n't even tell me who are the people behind this bullshit website . 
  it really is . 
  either you use the standard above , and come out with those numbers , or a standard based on expenditure or numbers , which gives a different ( and wildly inaccurate , result ) . 
  you cited a source which said the uk lagged behind because it decided to put military action to a vote in parliament , as opposed to hollande not bothering with a vote . 
  your other source had an obviously bullshit/made-up quote about someone whinging that they had to learn french in a cooperation mission . 
  you do know that there are hundreds of joint operations and training exercises right ? 
  it 's not exactly a surprise or a weakness that military personnel will speak another language on them . 
   ca n't provide me with a counter example of french soldiers having to train on your carrier huh that 's because they 're being built and undergoing sea trials you numpty . 
  no-one 's training on them , whether they 're french or british because they have n't been finished . 
  when they 're finished , the uk will train with them , and they 'll also be involved in nato training and battalions . 
  if the french practice their jets and send some pilots over to see how brits operate , they 'll speak english so they know what 's going on . 
  have you heard of the lancaster house treaties ( 2010 ) ? 
  the uk and france want to be able to launch a uk-french integrated carrier strike group incorporating assets owned by both countries . 
  that 's one of the reasons british pilots were training on the charles de gaulle . 
  as of now , the uk can do quite a bit of stuff , that it chooses to operate with allies is not in the slightest bit indicative of military power or potential . 
  or are we now saying that north korea is a strong country , because of their isolation ? 
  the uk simply chooses to operate with allies . 
  that 's not a weakness . 
  irak is spelt iraq in english btw . 
  what 's wrong with just calling it wessex anyway ? 
  the borders are practically the same . 
  anglo-mercia is n't too bad , but it should just be mercia , since that was the pre-eminent kingdom there . 
  northland is just ridiculously stupid , what 's wrong with elmet or gododdin ? 
   where the hell do you read anything in your link that explains who european geostrategy is ? 
  did you not scroll down ? 
  as i said , it was literally the third sentence . 
   no aircraft carrier , you ca n't deploy shit and this is why the uk has n't deployed since 1982 without the help of the us or , funny as it can be , france in 1982 the uk deployed eight thousand miles with no assistance from the usa or france , and since then , western militaries have come on in leaps and bounds . 
   meanwhile , france deployed countlessly since 1982 uh , yes . 
  as has the uk . 
  come on , be serious . 
  do you not recall the gulf wars , yugoslavia , afghanistan , libya ? 
  various peacekeeping missions . 
  anti-piracy efforts . 
   your military command has n't been in charge of leading a conflict in 34 years and you consider the uk a global power and france a regional one ? 
  it 's almost sad . 
  it 's not my consideration , it 's the expert consideration . 
  it is globally agreed that the usa is the top military power , the uk second , and france the third . 
  the uk has been active in many military theatres alongside the french and americans , and they happen to pack a bigger punch and have more deployable forces than france . 
  are you arguing against this out of chauvinism , or do you really think that every think-tank is in a conspiracy to say france is militarily weaker than the uk ? 
   i 'll just quote the article since apparently you ca n't read :   one senior royal navy officer said : `` who would have thought that more than 200 years after the battle of trafalgar , we would be asking the french to train our naval fighter pilots ? 
   that 's an ambarrassment [ sic ] lol . 
  * embarrassment . 
  and it 's not . 
  the french are our allies . 
  we work with them since they 're the only other competent military in europe . 
  at that time , we were training pilots on the charles de gaulle while our new carriers were being built . 
  it 's not embarrassing , or humiliating , or any other synonym to train and work with your allies - especially since we 're both major players in nato . 
  what is embarrassing is that you think that france is a bigger military power than the uk despite all evidence to the contrary . 
   the only information about your `` source '' is :   website built by eggcup web design in norwich , united kingdom maybe try reading it ? 
  there was a big blue link to [ here ] ( http://www.europeangeostrategy.org/2014/01/european-geostrategy-audit-major-powers-worlds-fifteen-most-powerful-countries-2014/ ) at the top of the article . 
  it was literally the article 's third sentence . 
   in the past year alone , the french army was bombing isis in syria and irak , deployed in the sahel region for security missions , managed to prevent a genocide in centrafrica and was also in mali all under the state of emergency with thousands troops deployed home . 
  and i said , it 's not about participation , but deployment capability . 
  france has strong regional power , it can fight in its region fairly well , but it lacks the uk capability to deploy globally in most geopolitical theatres . 
   and if we look at the past 30 years , it 's frankly embarassing [ sic ] to see the british army doing nothing but follow , including under french leadership in libya . 
  again , not about what wars they have or are fighting in , but about military capability . 
  france and the uk are active in most wars together , and have missions all over the world , but the uk is more capable . 
  that 's a fact , not an opinion . 
  `` the uk is the benchmark of europe for expeditionary forces , '' bastian giegerich of the international institute for strategic studies . 
   the biggest laugh was a few years ago when royal navy pilots were forced to learn french to be able to train you mean , whilst two old friends and allies were training together , they spoke the same language ? 
  and because it was on a french carrier , they learnt french ? 
  that 's neither surprising nor humiliating , and nor does it mean that the french military is better , or has better power projection . 
  these are facts based on independent think-tanks and sources , not opinions rooted in patriotism . 
  well , they are . 
  independent sources repeatedly state this , that the usa is the world 's sole superpower , the uk the only global power , and france the top regional power ( out of eight ) . 
  [ source here ] ( https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/study-finds-uk-is-second-most-powerful-country-in-the-world/ ) . 
   i do n't recall a single military conflict lead by the uk since 1982 , but sure , you 're the global power . 
  it 's not a question of who started the most wars , but of equipment , training , and deployment abilities . 
  it 's a good point , but there are n't that many efficiencies to be gained . 
  the biggest costs are ships and planes , which are generally all sourced from the same western programs - so if one country is being inefficient , they all are . 
  administration inefficiency is probably up there too , so you could also look at logistical sizes . 
  it might be worthwhile to also compare military quality and economic strength though . 
  that 'd be better than straight numbers , and the data is already available . 
  that 'd reflect well on the uk and france ( a global and regional power respectively ) , and very poorly on germany - which has a larger economy than both countries but half the military capability of france , despite only being 0.6 % of gdp behind ( from poor power projection , skills/training , and up-to-date weaponry rather than a lack of money ) . 
   i thought that in uk 's and us 's point of view , countries like canada and australia are more favorable as allies than europe . 
  anglosphere and all . 
  not more favourable as allies , simply closer because of a shared language and cultural base . 
  it does n't mean preclude europe from being natural friends and allies . 
  well , the civil service and government are n't based in cork , so they do n't need to improve it do they ? 
  is that the capital effect in action ? 
  london and cardiff both have fairly good public transport because of the heaps of investment , whilst the rest of the country is horrendously bad . 
  right , but for the usa , it 's not a choice of trading with either the uk or the eu , and right now they trade more with the uk anyway . 
  but when it comes to trade deals , it 'd be better to focus on the uk , as the eu one is unlikely to happen . 
   by losing banking passport in the eu and the future laws on taxes evasions , the uk 's market will have no other purpose to them than its domestic size which will shrink . 
  the banking passport is n't as important as people are making out . 
  it did n't help the city grow any more when it entered the eu , and it 's predicted brexit will cost only # 5billion to the city . 
  combine that with the eu 's financial transaction tax ( blocked only by the uk ) , and the fact that the uk is n't a home to tax evasion , and the uk economy is n't really going to shrink at all . 
   but i 'm not sure wisdom is trump 's strongest point . 
  a strength of trump is delegation , he 's trying to surround himself with smart people who know what they 're doing , and he has all the bureaucrats too .
