  it 's generally accepted that they 're third place after the usa and uk . 
  you may have been looking at a list of total forces . 
  which can rely on superior numbers of tanks and planes that could n't take down one modern , western , machine - but are counted as better because there are more of them . 
  independent literally means by yourself . 
  the eu battalions are just away to exclude the usa , uk , and canada ; and waste money by duplicating functions that nato already fills . 
   the eu becoming a single country is so many years away that i probably wo n't be alive to see it . 
  right , but considering all their current plans for happy integration have n't gone so well , i 'd like our own descendants to be happy about us learning from history and having the discussion before it messes up . 
   why is it that you keep talking like its some plan to exclude the eu did you mean exclude the usa or uk ? 
  that 's because it is . 
   have you even read the article yeah , it was a pleasant surprise to have the ibtimes not auto-play a video . 
   its meant to complement , not replace nato with a massive waste of money and resources . 
  there 's no point in training with other militaries and familiarising yourself with joint tactics if you leave out the largest military contributors . 
  also , the article did n't mention that . 
  juncker only referred to a `` european community of defence , including a european army . '', 
  alongside him saying not to rely on the usa , he 's literally speaking about replacing nato with an eu army , not complementing it . 
  unless we want to blame the poor translators again . 
   nato is a defensive alliance where everyone is relying on the us . 
  including the uk no , nato is a defensive alliance where some countries rely on the usa-uk-france group to hold their end up , and other at-risk countries ( i.e. 
  russia 's neighbours ) rely on the same three countries to defend them . 
   that means that us has significant influence and power yes , it does , which is why trump is an issue . 
  but forming an eu army is a dumb reaction to a dumb person . 
  right , because hussein was a benevolent man who was loved by his people . 
  blair and bush may have made mistakes in the second iraq war , but it was only a question of when , not if . 
  also , cnn is n't run by the uk government , but it 's sweet of you to say so . 
  let 's go further into the quotes shall we ? 
  it talks about an imminent threat , to the west , not his people ; and that containment could have lasted longer . 
  all of which ignores the fact that he was a brutal dictator , and that the uk based its decision on that and the wmds it was told about . 
  the only mistakes were not removing hussein in the first iraq war , and not having an adequate plan for rebuilding the country . 
  i 'd hardly call the uk warmongering when its people and parliament went in with the best of intentions . 
  remember , hussein was brutal , and had invaded other countries before . 
  all very different from an actual war-mongerer like russia . 
  exactly . 
  what 's more , france will be the only real military left in the eu after the british withdrawal . 
  they 're not going to act as either an eu attack-dog or guard-dog when the other members fail to contribute . 
  especially considering they 've withdrawn from nato command before because of concerns over sovereignty . 
   it was n't the intention of the blair government to further the idea of a unified europe eithe i think blair was a known europhile who 'd do anything to look good in europe . 
  there 's a glorious speech on youtube where hague ( then leader of the opposition ) talks to brown ( then pm ) about the brown-blair competition and blair 's ambitions re europe . 
   even if it was n't their intention it did undermine the progress towards a unified europe so did the euro and crappy border controls , but we do n't go blaming germany and the other proponents for undermining the eu federal dream . 
   having nuclear weapons has always been a reason to not go to a war . 
  it 's called `` mad '' . 
  right . 
  and you think that despite dozens of near misses , that we know about , introducing nuclear weapons to every country would be a good idea ? 
   proxy wars are better than real wars between superpowers . 
  and more states with nuclear capability means less wars to use as proxy wars . 
  there is of course , a major issue with this that you have n't noticed . 
  if everyone has nukes , how do you know who launched them ? 
  every nuclear capable country has both an air and at-sea deterrent . 
  if a nuclear missile comes racing at you from the middle of the atlantic , you do n't know if mali launched it or france . 
  what if argentina occupies the falklands again . 
  would the uk have to abandon its people because argentina threatens to use its nukes if the uk tries to liberate the falklands ? 
  what if a standard war starts ? 
  no-one would want to turn that into a nuclear war by launching missiles at another nuclear-capable country . 
  far more people would die , and you 'd be nuked too !, 
   i also bet you anything the brits would sit on their island with their nukes and let russia lay waste to europe rather than use the nuclear capability to stop russia and get annihilated themselves , given the option . 
  doubtful . 
  britain is n't going to let someone like russia march all over europe or bomb them into oblivion either . 
  nuclear deterrence works because countries are committed to using nukes in defence . 
  what if we let russia annex the isle of wight ? 
  better than being nuked . 
  salami tactics do n't work that way in real life . 
  if russia starts using nukes , nato will too . 
  * and they know that . 
  *  nato is all about the us military backing of article 5 and also france and the uk , that are n't as big as the usa , but are the only other real militaries in nato . 
  if you make eu battalions without the uk and usa you 're going to run into a whole host of problems . 
  and the french are n't even that interested !, 
  they 've withdrawn from nato command before , and they probably wo n't give french forces over to the eu either . 
  after all , they 'd be the only country putting anything into it . 
   the issue there would be that the uk deterrent is submarine launched france has air-based missiles , and current nuclear weapons can be converted to either another ground system or an air system . 
   france did n't participate in nato nuclear sharing presumably if the eu started integrating its members ' armed forces , then hypothetically france would also be pitching in . 
  if france refused then there 'd be no point as it 's only the uk and france that have a serious military in the eu . 
  but i agree , france wo n't give up its nukes , particularly not to the eu . 
  various think tanks and organisations measure it , it 's generally based on quality and power projection . 
  it 's generally agreed that the usa is the only super-power , that the uk is second place as a global power , and that there are half a dozen regional powers . 
  [ here 's a source for you . 
  written in the uk defence journal , a study by * european geostrategy * . 
  ] ( https://ukdefencejournal.org.uk/study-finds-uk-is-second-most-powerful-country-in-the-world/ ), 
   but its also nice to be able to do it independently independently would be doing exercises without involving other countries , not doing nato battle-groups minus the usa and canada . 
   no it 's not just something that `` obviously '' could happen . 
  it 's obvious that it could happen because a stated goal of many european leaders is an eu superstate . 
  or do they want to create a country where each province has its own separate military ? 
   is it so radical a thought to want to be able to take of oneself according to you i never said it was radical . 
  i said it was pointless . 
  nato accomplishes exactly the same task , and excluding the powerful members of it and the poor ones not in the eu accomplishes nothing . 
  it 's both a way of saying that security is n't as important if you 're not part of the project , and that the eu does n't trust any joint battalions or defence if it involves the usa . 
   the us will always have the last word in nato . 
  hardly , considering nato is an alliance , and not a union . 
  the usa ca n't order any country in nato to do anything , the eu can . 
   the whole point is that if everyone has nuclear weapons nobody will ever use them are you sure ? 
  because aside from the fact that not every nation will be able to get them , having weapons has never been a reason to not go to war . 
   yet they never fought a war directly with each other no , because they did n't want to be annihilated . 
  so instead they invaded in a bunch of proxy wars , and nearly wiped each other out ( and the rest of the world ) a dozen times over dumb mistakes and faulty equipment . 
   it absolutely needs it . 
  britain and france will use their nuclear capability for their own interests , not those of the eu right , and it 's in our interests to not have our friends and allies nuked . 
  because we 're people too , and quite like having our friends not be radioactive waste . 
   britain is not even going to be in the eu for long , and nato is as good as dead immaterial . 
  both countries are going to remain in nato and defend europe , irregardless of what america does or trump thinks . 
  the usa is n't the only country that would honour an article 5 call to arms . 
   there is zero basis for anyone except france and the uk to trust the nuclear protection of france and the uk . 
  those countries will never use their capability unless they themselves are facing existential threat apart from the whole nuclear umbrella that they provide of course . 
  and of course , if you 're a complete cynic , the fact that in real life salami tactics do n't work .
