   we ca n't just not impose tariffs on eu products without doing that for everyone oh , the horror ? 
  it 'll just mean that prices get more competitive outside the customs union , which is good for the uk . 
   regs set locally mras are n't common but local regulations are immaterial . 
  no country demands its trading partners follow its own employee regulations , or consumer protection outside its borders . 
  you 're only doing regulations on quality , which is common and perfectly possible . 
  unless you can think of a regulation which would be difficult to follow and create a trade barrier ? 
   wto situation would cause massive short-term impact which is why i doubt may is going to go for it . 
  it 's in everyone 's best interest to keep free trade in goods , and i doubt the eu is going to hike up tariffs on uk exports to the eu if the uk is n't reciprocating . 
  as you said , an fta would likely prevent this . 
   certainly over time barriers to trade would develop and reduce growth and trade flows even in the best case scenario . 
  assuming ceteris paribus , sure . 
  but this can be negated in several ways . 
  one , the free trade agreements with other countries in the world . 
  two , with less domestic-relevant regulation , the uk could become more competitive . 
  three , ftas with other countries could cut down importing costs for businesses , thus cutting production costs and making the business more productive . 
  four , most importantly of all , we already have convergent regulations ; so it would n't be difficult for eu-orientated businesses to keep standards equal to what the eu demands , new firms may struggle , but that 's what start-up subsidies are for . 
   free trade requires equal laws but it does n't though . 
  if you want to sell a product you have to abide by that country 's quality controls , but only those products have to abide by those regulations - not the whole economy . 
   * uk is being pulled out of european convention on human rights ( echr ) it 's a stated aim of the conservatives , sure ; but it 's not happening at the moment . 
  it 's also entirely irrelevant to trade . 
   * uk does not want to be subject to european courts also irrelevant . 
  every trader has to abide by local laws when selling goods and services there . 
  but if you 're not trading in the eu , you 're not subject to the eu 's laws . 
  and even if you are , the eu has no justification on anything beyond the material product , as everything else takes place outside its borders . 
  you forgot new zealand and australia , where we already get a bunch of food , and who have marvellous economies of scale . 
   rising food prices are a typical source of political instability maybe in tinpot dictatorships , not in developed countries . 
   imagine the poorest of the uk suddenly not being able to afford their daily food anymore . 
  incredibly unlikely , especially considering i just said that the uk does n't have to place tariffs on food , but can remove tariffs on non-eu food . 
  yes , the acts of union in 1707 merged the crowns of scotland and england , to create just one country ( king james inherited england in 1603 ) . 
  previously , the two countries were held in personal union , separate entities that simply shared a monarch . 
  however , you 're wrong on that being the start of the uk , as the new kingdom was great britain . 
  in 1800 the name was formalised as the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , and changing to its current name in 1922 . 
  the eu ca n't force the uk to place tariffs on its own products , and even if it did it would only hurt their own economy , and make the proponents incredibly unpopular with people who were trying to sell to the uk . 
   uk government is going to impose no tariffs on anything coming from anywhere ( see mfn wto rules ) i do n't see why the uk would place any tariffs , except to protect domestic industry . 
  the uk has no problem with free trade , they do n't need a whole host of tariffs . 
   unless there are mras it does n't matter if both sides have the same regulations it wo n't be assumed to be the case mras are increasingly common , and likely to be put in place as one of the first points of order in the brexit negotiations . 
   furthermore over time these regulations are n't going to stay the same . 
  they will drift apart , purely because they are being drawn up by different legislatures and governments . 
  right , so there is n't going to be a massive short-term impact . 
  over time , regulations will change , in the same way that countries outside the eu all have different regulations and trading standards . 
  this is n't really an issue for the uk , since it already deals with that due to high trade with the usa and china . 
  i do n't have the eu stats so i ca n't comment , but i doubt it 'll affect any developed nations much . 
  not quite . 
  they wanted to increase trade with the commonwealth/usa/china , and promote free trade with those countries ; but they wanted to keep a free trade deal with the eu . 
  i ca n't think of anyone that came out and said they wanted to reduce trade with the eu . 
  the uk does n't have to place tariffs on eu imports though , and can import at the same prices as before . 
  and right now , there are no non-tariff barriers to trade , because we 've been in the common market for decades and have the exact same regulations . 
  that 's likely to only be short-term though , considering the eu places tariffs on food , and that when the uk entered the common market , food prices went up because of that . 
  but mainly , what everyone seems to forget , is that the eu wo n't be setting the uk 's import tariffs . 
  the uk could place no tariffs or restrictions on eu food imports , and keep prices exactly the same . 
  that added about # 10billion to uk gdp , whilst the difference between french and british gdp is about $ 420billion . 
  yes , it 's generally based on quarterly reports , and are only thought to be accurate after a few quarters have passed . 
  because currency fluctuates , it 's pointless to use daily changes to measure economies . 
  that , or after brexit the french economy miraculously grew by 400 billion usd . 
  the uk will invoke article 50 , probably in late february/early march . 
  whilst it 's true that the commons could just revoke the joining legislation , it 's highly unlikely . 
  no reason to leave on bad terms when there 's an easy exit strategy by treaty . 
  yeah , i 've read that . 
  it goes over the benefits of free trade in general mainly , which is just zero tariffs . 
  but you do n't have to be in the eu to have tariff free trade . 
  you do n't even have to be in a customs union , since there are plenty of free trade areas in the world ( most prominent probably example being nafta ) . 
   `` prevent one company -- or country -- from gaining a competitive advantage '' and this ruins free trade . 
  the principles of free trade rest on comparative advantage , which lowers prices and raises output for all countries involved . 
  with fully open markets , you want competition , because competition is good for business and consumers . 
  still , fortunately the eu does n't focus on that aspect much . 
   countries pledge to agree and implement common , harmonised rules . 
  second , on this understanding , they pledge to mutually recognise each other 's standards . 
  a good idea if its restricted to standards , however the eu is not . 
  the eu-28 economies are all divergent , meaning they 're not near clones of each other . 
  what is good for one is n't necessarily good for the rest , hence the large number of opt-outs various countries have negotiated . 
  as for other policies areas the eu legislates on , there is n't any particular need for them , besides consumer protection ; which the eu partially recognises by not having exclusive competence over areas such as social protection and gender equality . 
   fundamentally , these interlocking policies are designed to both reduce trade costs and open up more markets . 
  unfortunately , we ca n't ever know if this is the case , since it goes hand in hand with free trade which does all that anyway . 
  there 's no metric that we can actually compare to . 
   companies might face border inspections . 
  this is interesting , but unlikely to cause much change . 
  for one thing , companies do n't specially order for each new purchase . 
  they buy products in bulk , and ship to local warehouses ( amazon has eight warehouses scattered over great britain for example ) , where they wait to be purchased . 
  any delays are unlikely to be passed onto consumers . 
  border inspections are unlikely , given eu ineptitude over controlling borders , and the fact that the uk is a safe country without hundreds of smugglers . 
  divergent regulations will indeed create trade barriers , but because the uk is generally more liberal with regulations , there wo n't be much loss . 
  the eu is unlikely to need to amend products much in order to sell them to the uk and abide by british regulations ( besides printing labels in english ) , and the uk already abides by eu regulations and knows how to produce according to eu standards . 
  that said , in a few cases , uk rules want to be more stringent ( such as medical equipment ) . 
  this would help the uk , and likely not damage the eu ( since they produce to their lower standards ) , or even help them with safer british equipment in a few industries . 
  good article find , it 's unfortunate that the ft only covered one side of it though . 
  if the eu tries to force the uk into the single market , to place the same restrictions and legislations on the uk , and to force open borders ( not currently in place ) and free movement on britain ; then may will quite rightly unilaterally withdraw from the eu with dual one-fingered salutes . 
  such a deal would be the eu trying to force the very worst deal it could on the uk , and would be no doubt condemned by leavers and remainers alike . 
  the most likely result is that free trade is kept , free services is ditched ( because of free movement red lines ) , and the uk continues to collaborate on the same cross-border projects ( such as erasmus ) . 
   if the eu brokered a trading deal with china all countries within the eu could buy those products cheaper then buying them from the uk . 
  that 's not how international trade works . 
  the uk does n't export chinese goods to the eu , but if it did it 'd be a question of tariffs , and the uk would n't really be benefiting from being a stopover anyway . 
  there are also rules of origin on tariffs , so if the uk placed no tariffs on china but the eu did , it 'd cost china exactly the same to export directly to the eu as it would to do it via the uk , unless they finished the products in the uk . 
   but for once its been interesting to talk with someone who has actually looked at it and seems to be well informed . 
  thanks , r/europe generally circlejerks against every leave argument and anything that helps the uk , so it 's nice to see someone who 's actually interested in both sides , and trying to be informed . 
  but it would n't be replicating subsidies at the national level though , it 'd be replacing them . 
  and it would mean rich countries like france would n't be getting massive handouts from the eu . 
   the commission has proposed multiple times to uniformize all , but individual countries vetoed it . 
  this is yet one more example of how national veto power in the eu leads to inefficiency and entrenched interests . 
  no , it shows how the countries benefiting from unfair policies can veto changes , to keep ridiculous systems in place . 
  it 's interesting how you skip over the first part of that quote , that farmers receive direct payments .
