  as for passporting , the general equivalent outside the eu is simply setting up subsidiary banks , or allowing international capital flows . 
  it 's a bit more paperwork , but a lot less than upping sticks and moving headquarters . 
  after all , there are many international banks in the world that manage , it 's not as if the strong uk banking sector would be incapable of trading with the eu ; and the main eu banking cities would n't have much trouble either . 
  interestingly though , the city did n't originally get a boost to profits with freedom of services , and various banks have said passporting is n't as important as people are making it out to be , and nor while that much money be lost from it . 
   still quite a lot of limitation on services even within free-trade agreements . 
  depends on the trade deal really . 
  but the eu is fairly limited in its freedom of services too . 
  the uk appg ( all party parliamentary group ) on european reform published a report on the single market in services , and concluded that there was no ` single market in services ' in any meaningful sense of the term . 
  [ open europe has a report on it here . 
  ] ( http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.co.uk/2013/10/we-cant-complete-eu-single-market-in.html ), 
  when tax receipts are # 640billion , the # 20billion from cutting corporation tax is nothing . 
  factor in evasion being less worthwhile and companies potentially moving operations to the uk ( amazon and costco spring to mind ) , and the drop might not even be that big . 
  protectionism will hurt both parties , and the level you are describing is illegal under wto terms . 
   force companies to have their headquarters inside of the eu ... crazy amount of subsidies for agricultures or quotas on cars made outside the eu for exemples how large ? 
  because the rest of the world will quite happily retaliate . 
  the eu exports over two trillion euros every year , and imports a similar amount too . 
  that 'll hurt the eu a lot if it introduces protectionism . 
   an embargo on everything in or out the uk again , also illegal under the terms of the wto , which both the uk and eu member-states are signatories of . 
  the uk would take the eu to court and win , if the eu managed to do that , which is unlikely since its member states would block it ( for both diplomatic and economic reasons ) . 
   the uk wo n't be able to say anything , the uk will be considered as what it is , a 50 millions people country with a huge ass debt , and a crazy deficit in its trade balance . 
  65 million actually , a major trading partner with the eu , a manageable debt compared to quite a few eurozone countries , with a falling deficit . 
  and trade balance ? 
  you know the deficit is good for the eu and bad for the uk right ? 
   totally crazy about ultra-liberalism ultra-liberalism is n't a term many , if any , people are familiar with . 
  normal economic liberalism is simply free trade , which you appear to be going against , as is the eu ( considering its trade deal failures ) despite that being the eu 's intention . 
   england uk . 
  the country is the uk . 
  not england . 
   the easier it will be to change the eu for the better i do n't follow your train of thought here , since the uk was the leading voice for the liberal part of the eu . 
  less corporate evasion and more solidarity is a marvellous , if vague , goal ; and i do n't see how brexit will change that , as the eu has n't announced any new policy on it . 
   more integration the perfect way to increase eurosceptism & resentment of the eu elite . 
  fix what the eu is before you try to grow it more . 
  he has n't replied , so i 'll give it a shot for him . 
  the eu is unique in history in requiring free market in the creation of a single market . 
  however , there is a difference between access and membership . 
  membership is becoming a part of it , opting-in to all the rules and regulations , and not having any barriers on the four freedoms ( apart from services , which are n't really open at all at the moment ) . 
  access is a little different however . 
  technically speaking , everyone has access to the eu market because anyone can sell to it ( there are only tariffs , not a complete block on imports ) . 
  if when you say access , you mean mainly free trade , then free movement is n't necessary ; the eu has free trade with quite a few countries without demanding payment or free movement for the privilege . 
  if ( like many eu leaders badly translate ) you 're equating access with membership , then it 's a different picture . 
  the uk does n't want to be a member , with member-access , because it does n't want free movement of labour . 
  there 's no real reason for the eu to refuse a comprehensive free-trade deal ( access to the common market ) , free movement of labour is simply an excuse some people are using to say that free trade should be refused . 
  the eu will impose some tariffs , as will the uk , because of the exit from the single market . 
  but membership is n't the same as access . 
  the mediterranean aa , south korea , turkey , and other nations applying to the eu have free trade without free movement . 
  i 'll take your word for it , i 'm not going to try and load a 168 page pdf on mobile . 
  i expect , going by your comment below , that he simply took the wrong ranking system . 
   controlling immigration played a big part in the outcome of the referendum yes , i said that , though apparently not clearly enough . 
  though it was always about the levels of immigration ( and the projected rise ) rather than immigrants already in the country . 
   do the british people view the numbers that arrived post 2004 as a mistake yes , the uk is pro-migration , but anti-high levels . 
  with hindsight , the uk would have applied the temporary brake like other eu countries - but hindsight is a wonderful thing that ca n't be used in the moment . 
  it 's another of blair 's mistakes over the eu , but one that is generally overshadowed by the war in iraq . 
   are the poles and others living there now welcome in the uk definitely the poles . 
  you might have seen the joke on complaining about bulgarian/romanian ascension , as they 'd come over here and take all our polish people 's jobs . 
  i 'd say that most people would find immigrants welcome , unless you lived in a town that had been taken over by non-integrating migrants , or that simply had a large proportion of the local population . 
  people then might be bitter , but i 'm not sure they 'd be pro-wholesale deportation . 
  according to op switzerland is 3 . 
  different sources ? 
  i mean , you could try and resuscitate it yourself ? 
  advertise it a little on here and the other european subs , make a bunch of cross-posts , and see if you can be made moderator to there to try and promote it more ( it does n't look like even the mods are active there ) . 
  should n't take too much work to start promoting a sub , and if it does get busy you can just rope other people into helping  . 
  i 'm honestly surprised it exists , i linked it as an example , not because i thought it 'd be a real place . 
  it looks a little quiet though , despite being a decade old . 
  sorting by new suggests there 's less than one submission every day . 
  that 's because the subreddit is r/europe , not r/eu . 
  we should n't be against people discussing something just because it does n't directly impact them . 
  another brit , there are a few racists in our country , as there are in every country , but they 're nothing more than a vocal minority . 
  the problem is that most of our media is intent on demonising either the uk or immigrants , so we get headlines like ` immigrants cause cancer ' from the mail , and ` racists attack yet another bulgarian ' from the bbc . 
  this is all rather detached from reality , yet the narrative is constantly pushed that the uk hates foreigners . 
  in reality , there are concerns over the high levels of immigration , which have damaged the economy , and no concerns about where people come from ( so long as they speak english ) . 
  the anti-immigration has always been a question of the lack of control , number of unskilled workers , and the fact that it 's completely open ; it 's not at all based on which countries it 's open to . 
  on question time , i 'm not sure if you watched it , but the polish lady was booed not because she said she did n't feel welcome , but because of her justification . 
  when questioned by dimbleby on why she felt unwelcome , she said she had n't been discriminated against , but that it was because 52 % of the population voted out . 
  that was why she was booed , because she was simplifying an anti-eu and pro-controlled immigration argument down to racism ( in a majority leave area ) . 
  as i keep telling people , concerns about immigration does not make someone racist . 
  well , you are from yorkshire ... 
  somewhere like oxfordshire or kent probably is n't going to identify with their county though , but i do n't think we can find the actual figures since ons only does country and sub-country . 
  is n't it geordie not georgie ? 
  i have to say i 'm impressed , it 's not exactly common on reddit for people to actually give out sources and citations . 
  it 's an interesting read , english-only below scotland by ten percent , while wales is similar to scotland at two-thirds ( for some obscure reason they group wales ' population with england ) . 
  so scotland and wales have stronger national identities , and while england is only behind by ten percent on that , because of population disparity that 's still a nominal difference roughly equal to the population of scotland . 
  no data on n. ireland unfortunately , but that 's a different surveyor i think . 
  that 's interesting , i have n't met anyone who identifies as a region over the country ( or even identifies as a regional identity at all ) . 
  do you live in yorkshire or cornwall ? 
  most of the people i know identify as british primarily , so it seems to be regional . 
  that 's interesting , although i note that scottish-only is 68 % , and any scottish is 83 % ; whilst english-only/british-and-english combines to make 70 % ; that link does n't say what proportion of people consider themselves only english . 
  so scotland still identifies as scottish more than england identifies as english . 
  personally , i 've only really met people who identify as british and then english , but i guess it varies throughout the country . 
  to be fair , they completely mashed her name and titles up . 
  they replaced defender of the faith with protector of the realm , the ii with second of her name , missed out the other realms and commonwealth ; and worst of all , misspelt her name . 
   pretty much everyone will identify with their home nation over ` british ' except the english , who tend to identify as ` british ' first . 
  the guardian has n't , op changed it . 
  i 'd say the snp do n't legally have that power , and are aware of it . 
  they did n't actually release their legal advice , or even attempt to take it through the courts , despite the benefit they might have had from selling it as a confrontation against dae tories . 
   but the uk has no such principles to which it can cling for legitimacy the various scotland acts , passed by the legitimacy of parliament , are what the courts decide on . 
  let 's not turn this into a debate on codified versus uncodified constitutions . 
   that the powers and legitimacy of the scottish parliament are derived from the people of scotland , and that only the people of scotland , when push comes to shove , can limit those powers . 
  the devolved scottish parliament is not the same as the old scottish parliament that preceded the acts of union . 
  whilst the original did have those powers , the devolved one only draws its powers from westminster and the acts that it passes - as the original was merged with the english parliament , not merged and then split from . 
   in the words of the dude i swear , i must be the only person in the world who watched that film and hated it .
