  for any agency to look at your personal data , they 'll need a warrant signed by the home secretary and/or judicial commissioners . 
  so all i 'm going to do is continue to not give a damn . 
  the french maintain that he was , and that he only appeared short because he was always around the imperial guard ( all rather tall fellows ) . 
  the stability that democracy brings ca n't be overstated , and in addition to that , it 's not as if the us system is too terrible . 
  sure , it 's a dumb voting system , but at the end of the day the usa voted for candidates and then the president . 
  people are complaining about the results before trump has even done anything , because they ca n't stand losing . 
  it 's the same bullcrap our snp spouted in their independence referendum , as they pointed out that scotland did n't vote for the winning party at westminster all the time . 
  that 's because sometimes you lose . 
  but at least in democracy you get a say . 
  as churchill put it , ` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . ', 
  generally , despite democracy 's problems , it does give better results than absolutism . 
   but 61 % of greens are abc1 yes , middle-class liberalism . 
  but only just over a million votes , most of them a protest vote . 
  it does n't mean that they 're mainstream or liberal . 
  read their manifesto , they 're one of the most left-wing parties in the uk . 
   i agree that labour targets the middle class , but it can never avoid the lower class in the manner the conservatives can . 
  it 's core is a socialist party aimed at the lower class . 
  that was it 's core . 
  but things changed , things being the growth of the middle class and decline of the working class . 
  i just showed you figures that demonstrated that the conservatives are n't just avoiding the working class , but actually getting a significant number of their votes . 
  the working class is evenly split between labour and the tories . 
   ukip are a far-right party that 's been moderated ; that means they 're nationalist socialists ( aka nazi , or nationalsozialismus ) . 
  that 's wrong , insulting , and bigoted . 
  ukip is a centre-right party which has attracted racists , but is n't racist . 
  they 're anti-establishment , not nazis . 
  for crying out loud , you really think a nazi party would get a few million votes ? 
  get over yourself , they 're a protest vote and an anti-eu vote , not fascists . 
   the socialist-left in europe actively courts the muslim and middle eastern vote , because muslims have very poor educational attainment , high poverty rates , and high birth rates . 
  once again , you 're conflating europe and the uk , when each country in europe has very different political systems . 
  it 's estimated that there are around 2 million muslims in the uk , with most of them being too young to vote . 
  since minor ethnicities are generally geographically concentrated , national campaigns do n't target minorities because it would only help in a couple of constituencies . 
   he probably helped labour win the mayoral candidacy through the `` muslim and middle eastern vote '' , as london was already a labour stronghold . 
  his ethnicity needs to be mentioned . 
  he won in london because london in a labour stronghold , whilst the conservatives had a negative and poor campaign . 
  his ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
   that splintered in central asia from the mongol empire , which was a chinese empire itself . 
  the mongols were not chinese . 
  the yuan dynasty was , but they were n't chinese culture , and were ultimately just a splinter of the mongol empire . 
  either way though , the mughals were not middle-eastern . 
   the greens are traditionally are socially liberal party ; in europe , they tend to adopt a `` we 'll be in collation with capitalists and socialists '' mantra . 
  in europe , yes . 
  in the uk , not at all . 
  the greens are not equivalent to their sister-parties on the continent . 
  at best , they 're a fringe party ; at worst , a protest vote . 
   labour does represent the lower class ; it has a strong relationship with unions and it generally represents areas like the north . 
  all parties have working class and middle class supporters . 
  but labour has been targeting the middle class for the past two decades , because that 's where the votes and swing seats are . 
  the working class is too small for labour to solely target . 
  and the conservatives get many working class votes too , since they stand for lower taxes , which are a bigger deal to society 's poorest . 
  [ look here , at ipsos mori ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3575/how-britain-voted-in-2015.aspx ) ( a dumb name i know ) . 
  in 2015 , the conservatives were tied with labour in skilled manual occupations , and behind by only 14 points on unskilled labour . 
  labour did n't get over half the unskilled working class vote , it was the right-wing . 
  ukip got 17 % of the unskilled labour vote , and they 're primarily right wing . 
  that splits the unskilled vote between right and left wing , but right wing is ahead . 
  [ guide to social grades here ] ( http://www.ukgeographics.co.uk/blog/social-grade-a-b-c1-c2-d-e ) . 
   pakistani was only part of india due to the british empire ( european ) and mughal empire ( middle eastern ) . 
  the majority of them are racially middle eastern , genetically and culturally middle eastern . 
  it 's like saying turkish people are european because they joined the eu ... you 're missing the point . 
  khan 's ancestry may be pakistani and indian , but he was born and raised in britain . 
  he 's british , and a british mayor . 
  he 's not an immigrant , but a natural born citizen . 
  also , the mughals were central asian , not middle-eastern . 
  i was schooled in the uk , and we also glossed over the pacific theatre . 
  we only focused on the western front in ( mandatory ) secondary school , and in college ( where you choose every subject ) we only learnt about the eastern front in history as a background to the cold war . 
  i just know this because i 'm into history . 
   the whole pacific war is just a footnote from the us perspective to explain the context of the atomic bomb . 
  which is more surprising really . 
  obviously east-asia and the european colonies were n't the direct part of the us front , but it was still in the same theatre . 
  i just assumed you might learn about vietnam in ww2 because of the vietnam war . 
  still , there 's only so much you can cover during compulsory education . 
  if you do want to know more , wikipedia is n't bad for background information , so long as you do n't ever try to cite it . 
  r/askhistorians also does cited questions everyday , and an faq with a * lot * of detail and links to top answers . 
  not entirely peaceful . 
  but the same ` insurgents ' were hardly collaborators with the imperial japanese regime . 
  colonial france was loyal to vichy france , which as a client-state of germany , meant that colonial possessions were passed to the indirect rule of the japanese . 
  previous to ww2 , there had been calls for independence , and a small rebellion decades earlier , but generally french indochina was secure . 
  however , in ww2 , the japanese took over , using vietnamese natural resources and military access , and ended up causing a famine in 1945 which caused ~ 2million deaths . 
  i 'm not an expert of rebellions in ww2 , but the same vietnamese nationalists were against both french * and * japanese rule - they did n't feel partially liberated during the japanese occupation . 
  the greens have never been a liberal party , or even mainstream , in the uk . 
  i do n't know where you 're pulling that from , but it is completely and entirely wrong . 
   labour did not abandon its working class roots . 
  if it did , there would be no difference between the two main parties . 
  some would argue that there is no difference between them . 
  but labour has abandoned its working class roots , you can tell , because it 's mainly the middle class that votes for them . 
   khan is ethnically pakistani or middle eastern . 
  by that , do you mean his skin colour ? 
  because ethnically he 's british , having been born and raised in britain . 
  if you really want to go back in time for no reason whatsoever , then he 'd be indian , because that 's where his family is from , having only spent 20 years in pakistan . 
  it was a french colonial territory , but the war only started after ww2 and the japanese occupation . 
  it was historically a colonial territory , but i would n't term it a colonial war , but rather an independence/civil war . 
  bearing in mind france has overseas departments , was an empire , and was initially supporting the idea of vietnam being a `` free '' republic in the french union , and also supported a recognised state of vietnam . 
  the conflict was between an allied backed state and a soviet backed state , and it 's more complicated than colonial expansion or an independence war . 
  i mean , the french part was mainly defending against an armed rebellion . 
  the americans stayed on for another two decades because of fears over the domino effect , which is why their role is covered more . 
   labour is lower class , both demographically and economically - it 's a socialist party . 
  it 's really not . 
  it has its origins in the working class , but they are entirely a middle-class movement today . 
  they 're not socialist in the slightest . 
   the greens were the active middle-class liberal party last election . 
  no , they 're not .
