  not in the slightest . 
  the greens are highly socialist and left-wing . 
  they 're liberal at all , even if they do get the middle-class hipster vote . 
   the tories are the party of the middle class . 
  indians and east asians vote conservative because of it . 
  the vast swathes of west london and the commuter belt vote tory because of it . 
  the tories are the party of the suburbs and working class . 
  having middle-class votes is hardly surprising since the vast majority of the country is middle-class . 
   labour is lower class . 
  it 's popular in the north , midlands , and east london . 
  it courts votes by muslims and blacks . 
  it 's mayoral candidate was a pakistani . 
  that says everything ... you do n't actually know anything about the uk or its politics do you ? 
  labour abandoned its working class roots decades ago , because the middle-class is by far the dominant social group in the uk . 
  people do n't vote labour because of their religion or skin colour , or where they were born . 
  khan is n't pakistani in the slightest , since he 's never been there and grew up solely in england . 
  the entire uk is capitalist-liberal , the lib dems being part of an eu-party has exactly zero implications on their uk manifesto . 
  it 'd be more accurate to call the lib dems reformists , as that 's what they 're focused on - scrapping existing systems and replacing them with another . 
   the tories are still seen as being against the working class . 
  on the other hand , labour have literally no support from the middle class , who are more likely to vote green than labour . 
  you are completely wrong . 
  labour is middle-class , and the green party is dead . 
  there is no way that the greens could ever come close to dreaming of getting more middle-class votes than labour . 
  the tories may be seen as anti-working-class , but the reality is very different . 
  the working class are right-wing voters , and inner-city labour strengths are down to the middle-class that live there . 
  the lib dems failed because they took all their flagship policies and ripped them up in front of their core voters , with the only concessions being matters that the tories would have done themselves anyway . 
  they were just terrible at making a coalition deal . 
  ukip preaches anti-establishmentarianism a lot though . 
   if they conservatives cared about the lower-class . 
  typoed they instead of the ? 
  also , the tories have a lot of support from the working class . 
  they switched from labour thanks to thatcher . 
   it 's main advantage is that it 's conservative . 
  the whole anti-eu/anti-establishmentarianism factor helps too . 
  most people do n't look at most of their policies , they 're just the new alternative that is replacing the lib dems . 
  farage is n't even that right-wing is he ? 
  a bunch of ukip manifesto pledges are now centric tory policy , because they were trying to appeal to labour voters too . 
  same . 
  the flemish is more frenchy and the dutch more germanesque . 
  but it 's not really much of a difference . 
  also , the eu president is n't any sort of leader of the eu ( however much the current one wants to be ) . 
  they are merely the president of the commission , and are generally ignored by most people . 
  bearing in mind that the uk 's centre-right is centre-left in the usa . 
  not sure about the rest of europe , but it 's probably fairly similar . 
  i 've heard people say was that the problem with clinton is that she did n't try enough to get people out to vote . 
  obama got nearly 66million votes in 2012 , clinton only needed to get those democrats out and voting to win . 
  but that 's a trouble with the electoral system , it 's not reason to sanction democracy . 
  i 'm just pointing out that bordering china does n't make a country asian . 
  no need to get all serious about a joke . 
  you elected one president ... 
  okayyy ... you need to get off the crazy train now . 
  launching nukes because someone does n't believe in climate change is neither rational nor sensible . 
  unless , do you like nuclear winter ? 
  ash falling from the sky ? 
  walking in a winter wonderland ... 
  no-one , since there 's nothing dangerous or bad in the usa that you need to ` escape ' from . 
  unless you have a particular skillset that a country wants and can speak their language ( or learn how to spell it correctly ) then you wo n't get a work visa . 
  since you 're asking r/askeurope , i take it you 're not a millionaire either . 
  so that 's that out of the window . 
  honestly we 'd probably keep the monarchy but force an abdication , and if it happened again just take away the regal trappings in parliament . 
  i ca n't see the uk scrapping the monarchy . 
   it literally borders china i mean , so does russia , technically . 
  less than one percent , and yeah , you 'd be ostracised . 
  we generally respect democracy here , and do n't topple democracies to set up dictatorships . 
  turkey 's in europe . 
  says the american . 
  seriously ? 
  that 's the best insult you could come up with ? 
  come on , at least put a little bit of thought and effort into it . 
  no , i misread the question and so typoed . 
  i 'd have thought that was obvious going by the rest of my comment . 
  but he has n't done anything like that yet . 
  i know you 're worried because of the judge scandal , because you have n't worked out that the judiciary is supposed to be separate from the rest of government , but losing the right to gay marriage is not the same as murdering homosexuals . 
  in two years you have elections to congress right ? 
  get in some democrats and block anything trump tries to do . 
  but the world is n't going to refuse to recognise the result of a democratic election because the losers disagree with the winners . 
  no , most of us would disagree with you . 
  your problem with him is that you believe he 's racist , sexist , misogynist , etc. 
  most of europe probably agrees with you on that . 
  but he has n't done anything bad to his people , broken any human rights , invaded anywhere , * or even done anything yet . 
  * what 's more , dislike of policy is no reason to undermine a foreign country 's sovereignty . 
  the american people made a free and democratic decision to elect trump as president , and we should respect that result whether or not we agree with trump or not . 
  edit . 
  sure , i guessed you might . 
  he probably does n't think much because ` murica and it 's always in the news because of pirates ( perhaps explaining his usage of the `` insult '' elsewhere in the thread ) . 
   no , i 'm obviously a complete idiot but unlike someone else in this thread , an * endearing * idiot . 
  that 's why we love you . 
  it 's a failed state filled with pirates . 
  he wants us to compare the usa with somalia to fuel his victim complex and because he 's a troll who enjoys insulting us ` yuropoors . ', 
  woah woah woah . 
  how else can we get material for r/shitamericanssay ? 
   one of who ? 
  as u/facepalmoment ( appropriate name ) says , you 're obviously not here to accept our answers but to start a fight . 
  here you are , making mountains out of molehills and inferring what any reasonable person would realise was never implied , all in some weird effort to insult us . 
  why ? 
   is english your primarily language yeah , it 's my country . 
  if it was n't , would it matter ? 
  god forbid someone might not be fully fluent in a foreign language . 
  christ knows my french is shit and my japanese leaves a lot to be desired . 
  what 's your point anyway there anyway ?
