  there wo n't be a referendum . 
  the snp does n't have a mandate or the power to call another one . 
  and you have n't looked at the raw numbers , only the percentages . 
  in 2014 , over 2 million scots voted to remain part of the uk , and yesterday just 1.6 million voted to remain in the eu . 
  it 's obvious which has the greater mandate , more scots voted to be part of the uk than part of the eu . 
  i think you 'll find that in 2014 just over 2 million people voted to remain in the uk , whereas yesterday just 1.6 million voted to remain in the eu . 
  that 's my appeal to democracy . 
  technically not more money , as the uk is/was/will-have-been a net contributor . 
  i expect that in the interests of stability fiscal flows will remain the same until a budget is made next year . 
  i would n't be surprised if it was just the surplus that had a discussion surrounding it . 
  did n't know you spelt scotland with two tees in germany , i suppose it 's a bit more accurate than the deutschland-germany difference . 
  at least you know the difference between the uk and england . 
  this was stated in the morning , after the results , it 's not propaganda . 
  your example is n't even slightly similar to what 's actually happened . 
  the uk has n't quit the eu in a fit of rage , it took a democratic decision to leave after a referendum . 
  it 's not turning its back on europe , it 's saying they want good relations and trade , just outside the eu . 
  if , as parabellum8g seems to think ; the eu wants to create a bad deal , then that 's not the uk 's fault . 
  the uk is n't leaving the eu because its feelings are hurt , it just thinks that the eu is n't a good deal for britain . 
  could you try being a tad more polite ? 
  accusing people of not having empathy or rational thought and being retarded is n't exactly conducive to a friendly discussion . 
  saying that it will cause significant damage around the world ? 
  i 'm curious as to what exactly this damage will be , besides some short-term economic slowdowns . 
  why is it that people accuse the uk of acting like an empire ? 
  that ended a long time ago , because we chose to get rid of it , in some cases despite opposition from people who left the empire . 
  britain 's pride comes from being a world power , cultural centre , and large economy . 
  no-one thinks or cares about the empire any more . 
  yes scotland said it was a `` once in a generation '' vote . 
  that it was settled . 
  except when it 's not , which is when democracy disagrees or is too slow for the snp . 
  let 's look at the negotiations and the polls before we start demanding fresh referendums because the scottish elite ( like the rest of the uk ) , disagree with the democratic result . 
  uk leaves the uk ? 
  that 'd be impressive . 
  edit : the recent snp manifesto did n't actually contain anything about a second referendum . 
  more people voted to remain in the uk than to remain in the eu . 
  but the uk ( not england ) is n't part of a eu-wide country . 
  of course we got special terms , we bargained for them in the interests of our country . 
  that 's the point of vetoes and opt-outs , not everyone wants what other people want . 
  the uk accepts not always winning in the eu parliament , but decided to leave . 
  scotland accepts having a smaller nominal voice , equal proportional voice , and decided to stay . 
  you ca n't decide to stay and then throw a fit because you do n't like democracy . 
  i just ca n't conceive of a scenario where people think something is unlikely to happen and so say they do n't want it to pollsters . 
  it 's really just sinn fein making predictable noise , we 'll have to wait to see if anything changes so drastically that another third of ni wants to leave the uk . 
  we do n't even know what the economic drawbacks will be yet . 
  i keep telling people that negotiations have n't started , and it 's in everyone 's interests for free trade . 
  as for the economy . 
  well , the markets predicted remain and so rose ( removing uncertainty from the campaign since may 2015 ) , then realised they got it wrong and panicked . 
  ftse 100 is merely 1.76 % down and ftse 250 is recovering at just -6.6 % ( over half the drop having disappeared ) . 
  the pound has also recovered ( unfortunately for our ever struggling export market ) . 
  it does n't look like it 'll be much of a downturn at all . 
  the uk already pours billions in wales , and scotland ( one t ) is subsidied per capita more than any other part of the country . 
  i expect that short-term , the money the eu spends will be mirrored by hm treasury , and the net contribution will disappear into cutting the deficit . 
  i think we should be waiting for the negotiations and the polls to see what scotland thinks before organising another referendum before the previous one 's fallout has disappeared . 
  the snp does n't have a mandate yet , they 'll have to wait four years for the 2020 scottish parliamentary elections to try and get that , plenty of time to see what scotland thinks of the new devolution settlement and britain 's place outside the eu . 
  that 's not what i read , i thought you phrased it as spain being the aggressor . 
  particularly as i could n't see britain as ever invading spain . 
  still , peace wins out in the end . 
  it 's also nice to be realistic . 
  people want to trade with britain because trade is always good for the economy , and the uk is an important trade partner for the powerhouses of europe : germany , france and the netherlands . 
  governments and people are n't markets , we can see this because each had a different expectation of the result . 
  the market is concerned about uncertainty , and that 's what brexit represents . 
  once they realise that britain is remaining a stable country , they 'll recover . 
  perhaps not to the extent that they would without brexit , but they 're still going to grow again . 
  they 're already going back up to what they closed at . 
  `` a third of a trillion vanished from your economy in 1 hour . '', 
  that 's oversimplifying things . 
  the stock market is not the whole economy , and it 's already going back in . 
  let 's see what it closes at today , and after negotiations start before we assume that everyone wants to leave the country . 
  ah yes , scotland is oppressed by those horrible english imperialists through that damned system of democracy . 
  it 's the uk that makes the decisions , and the snp are latching onto england-hate as a convenient scapegoat for all of scotland 's woes , despite the fact that devolution means they 're increasingly responsible for themselves . 
  or should the uk change all its policy because 8 % of the country thinks different ? 
  they 're already intervening to calm the markets . 
  i think we should agree to disagree on this . 
  i do n't think so , an independent roi shows quite clearly that it is definitely * not * a pipe dream . 
  as for scotland , we should wait for the polls and the negotiations . 
  the snp have been fairly vocal as usual , but they 're jumping the gun a bit by saying scotland is now for independence . 
  it may have been a clear show over the eu , but that does n't mean the same people are going to vote exactly the opposite for the uk . 
  economic drawbacks ? 
  scotland will be in exactly the same position as before , trying to break off with their major trading partner to become a small cog in the eu . 
  except this time they ca n't claim oil will be high , because it 's crashed ; and they have a budget deficit of 10 % , a level greece is at . 
  the eu wo n't welcome that with open arms any time soon . 
  the main political reason for better together was that scotland has been part of the british family for three hundred years , and has done so much with england , wales and ireland/northern ireland . 
  the eu is up there , but it 's by no means better together in the eu , or brexit and scotland instantly quits out of devotion to the other union . 
  the boe is just aiming for a stable economy and growth , the government is n't going to go against that . 
  * if * the govt changes course , then the boe will take a measured response to keep the economy steady . 
  i doubt carney will go all political over it . 
  ni is anti-unification , there are n't polls done on hypothetical scenarios . 
  and seeing as , like in the rest of the country , the vote was close in ni , i doubt that will change . 
  i doubt it , the boe is fairly separate to the treasury . 
  uh , no it 's not . 
  they knew there was going to be a referendum . 
  and they settled scottish independence `` for a generation , '' as promised by the leader of the snp/yes scotland , alex salmond . 
  sturgeon will take any excuse for another referendum , and she should be waiting for negotiations and the polls before she starts making demands again . 
  technically , privateers . 
  still , stealing from thieves is n't so bad . 
  we got the spaniards to do all the hard work for us !, 
  no , brexit has been around for a while . 
  it was always understood that the public wanted a referendum , and scotland knew that . 
  the vote followed standard parliamentary procedure , if you were registered in scotland , you could vote in scotland . 
  this did mean that other people from the uk could vote , but cut out more scottish ` expats ' who were n't living in scotland ( about 800,000 ) . 
  this had precedent , but it removed a large remain of people likely to vote in .
