  the franco-german idea of it being `` time to move forward to a european defence union , which is basically a ` schengen of defence ''' would be vetoed if it were a compulsory part of the eu , but under newer proposals of nine-state opt-in is merely opposed by the uk . 
   as long as there are more than 9 member states willing to deepen their defence co-operation that 's not what fallon is saying . 
  the uk opposes the idea , but accepts it ca n't block , some of the eu member states deepening defence cooperation . 
  but so far , the only unofficial proposals are for an eu common army , as a part of general european integration . 
  the uk can block that , and will until the eu-exit treaty is ratified . 
  if these nine eu countries do n't want the uk to veto or block such proposals , then they should be forwarding them under the umbrella of lisbon cooperation , not doing their annual exercise of proposing a common military , and waiting for the uk to veto it . 
  but that 's the same across all of europe . 
  you ca n't guarantee that students are going to be any good at learning compulsory languages . 
  it 'd be better to have a graph showing the proportion of populations who can speak a foreign language reasonably well , rather than what they 're taught . 
  his point is that you ca n't block something that has n't been officially proposed . 
  at the moment it 's just an idea being floated . 
  no you ca n't . 
  voting rights can only be suspended if member states consistently violate human rights and the rule of law . 
  the uk is ( or , more accurately , will be ) currently only blocked on voting and negotiations on the eu side of article 50 . 
   it 's quite relativising and play \u00b4 s [ sic , it 's just plays ] down what happened seriously ? 
  did you gloss over where i said it 's a high crime area ? 
  it 's not playing down what happened , it 's pointing out that it 's a common crime in the area , and is n't unusual because of that . 
  that it happen to poles is more than likely a coincidence , not a motive . 
  ninja edit :  aha ... ? 
  it 's not an excuse , it 's someone pointing out that crime in a high-crime area is n't exactly unusual . 
  with the amount of poles in the uk , it 's not exactly surprising that some of them will encounter crime . 
  this is a fairly misleading headline . 
  this was n't a violent or physical attack , it was harassment and ` egging ' ( throwing eggs at a car ) . 
  the police have stated that they were busy with higher priority incidents , and so could n't take a statement so quickly . 
  and as u/darksideofthenuum has pointed out , this is a high crime area in scotland . 
  chavs being chavs is n't particularly unusual . 
  volatilary is n't a word ? 
  you might have meant volatility , but that does n't fit either . 
  either way :  where will we be in 5 , 10 years from now , when brexit has made british finances worse and increased the need for scapegoats is complete bullshit i 'm afraid . 
  aside from the fact that i 've told you the media has overblown nothing into something , british finances are n't so poor . 
  leaving the eu is n't going to wreck the country , or damage british finances at all . 
  hell , look at greece , in the eu but dying ; versus australia outside the eu , and doing fairly well . 
  discounting all that though , the uk is n't going to go fascist and declare martial law on immigrants , or make everyone in the eu a scapegoat . 
  if you really think that violence is going to swing massively up because of brexit ( despite it not doing so at the moment ) , then you are both sadly deluded and suffering from a victim complex . 
   societies actually have an obligation to restrain anti-social members ... 
  i do n't want you to do anything conflicting messages here ... 
  anyway , you seem to be under the impression that britain has suddenly become a hot-bed of crime . 
  it has n't , violent crime has actually been falling over time ; and the media has overblown the amount of hate crime too . 
  move away if you feel you must though . 
  in a population of 65million , where the definition of a hate crime is ` one person thinks it 's a hate crime , ' it 's not a large change . 
  a 50 % change over one month , that falls away afterwards , is a tiny change per year . 
  pretty much that , yes . 
  naturally the media will jump on anything that sells . 
  i expect they 'll get bored of the story soon and move onto something else . 
  violent crime figures are n't up at all i do n't think , so it 's just a question of people going through bad areas being polish . 
  it 's the poles being victims because of statistics mainly though . 
  they 're 1 % of the uk population , but disproportionately live in london , which is where all the crimes are . 
  contrast to romanians , whom there are far less of . 
  why do n't you look at the crime stats ? 
  they 're still incredibly low , and all these assaults are happening in rough areas which are already high in crime . 
  it 's not as if you 'll be stabbed in oxford circus for saying cze\u015b\u0107 . 
   `` societies actually have an obligation to restrain anti-social members in their midst ... they 're all whining on the internet about how it 's unfair that they 're being tarnished with the same brush . '', 
  it 's not enough that the pm has spoken against it , that parliament has spoken against it , that police have spoken against it ( and are cracking down on it ) , that newspapers and the common man have spoken against it . 
  do you want us to form vigilante militias and patrol the high-crime areas ? 
  you 're really not though , you 're stalking his every comment and asking for citations for everything he says . 
  like ` hah right no violent crime in an entire country ? 
  please ... ' does n't need a citation at all , and when he does give a quote you immediately say it 's fake . 
  tbh it 's a little disturbing . 
  why are you asking for citations on all of u/radio53 's comments ? 
  from the [ police ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqkz45rkeum ) . 
  they 've stated there 's been more reports of hate crime , but all reports , irregardless of whether it 's a hate crime or not , is reported as one ( e.g. 
  people complaining about farage ) . 
  in the newspapers , a lot of the ` hate crime assaults ' have been using allegedly , because there 's no proof it 's a hate crime but they want to sell papers . 
  and it glosses over the fact that these are crimes in rough areas , where crime is already high , and people are just looking for an excuse . 
  additionally , papers like to make a big deal out of the 50 % increase figure ; but when you look at the actual numbers of a couple of thousand reports a month , it does n't add up to a large overall change . 
  by population , it 's still very low - which explains why you regularly see every news outlet and person condemning it . 
  southerner here . 
   i 've found from my time here that there are indeed 2 different countries within england itself : england & the south east this is claimed a lot , but it does n't hold up really . 
  the greater london area is pretty different , but the se itself is n't too different from the neighbouring regions . 
  people tend to group the se and london together because of geography , without realising they 're very different . 
  as for the scrapheap ... the se is wealthy mainly due to historical reasons , not the expense of the rest of the country , it 's london once again being conflated with us as if we 're the same place . 
  on anti-polishness , there 's very little in the country , let alone the south-east . 
  there is ( or was ) a common joke after the free movement was extended to romania about ` bloody romanians coming over here , stealing all our polish people 's jobs . ', 
  the anti-poland sentiment you see in the country is generally massively overblown , most of the crimes are done by people who 'd be committing crimes anyway , and who are just looking for a reason to fight/any old insult to throw . 
  the same bastards who 'd stab someone for being a ` bloody pole ' would be just as likely to stab someone for being a ` posh twat ' or something equally ridiculous . 
  there are of course , genuine racists , but they 've always been racist . 
  most of the increase in hate crimes is down to how they 're defined , if you call in to complain about something , it 's recorded as a hate crime . 
  which leads to police press talks actively saying that the increase in reported hate crimes is inflated because of people reporting farage when they disagree with him . 
  there 's been no change in hate crime conviction , which is what people should be looking at . 
  it 's just the media misleading people to sell papers again . 
  yes , but all complaints of hate crime are recorded as hate crime - which is a problem when people ring the police and complain about farage . 
  stuff like that quite evidently is n't a hate crime , but it 's still recorded in the statistics . 
   the eu does actually place blocks on external contract jurisdiction . 
  source ? 
  i thought the eu only made that decision under the rome convention if parties involved had n't specified the legal system in the contract . 
  thanks for the source . 
  it 's a shame that it does n't define foreign investments , considering the single system and regulation disparity across eastern and western europe . 
  i note that the same source shows many countries have a limit rather than a ban ( portugal at 40 % , japan at 30 % , germany at 20 % ) , whilst quite a few have no limit at all ( netherlands , norway , italy ) . 
  it does n't mention , however , limits on complex deals . 
  banning shares and corporate bonds is rather different from government gilts from high-credit countries , since they 're far safer and unlikely to be defaulted . 
   but euro clearing activities i fear you misunderstand currency clearing . 
  london is a world centre for currency clearing , but not because the eu mandates clearing has to occur in a member-state , and so cutting out new york . 
  if that were the case , then why would london be a clearing centre when it 's not in the eurozone ? 
  [ i 'll source you to the ft , which says that  ( https://www.ft.com/content/e7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0 )  `` governments all around the world are quite comfortable with the idea of having currency-denominated instruments traded and cleared outside their borders -- and with many investors using highly regulated london clearing houses . 
   `` to demand that only euro-denominated swaps can be cleared in the eurozone is fine , however such a standard would have to apply to everyone around the world . 
  that would not only create an anomaly , it would also indicate that europe may be bringing in a measure of protectionism -- which could well prompt a retreat from investors . 
   `` one could not also rule out american banks and exchanges ( especially the cme group ) setting out a legal challenge to a policy that tilts the playing field towards particular european corporations ... it 's hard to see this call for more euro-denominated clearing in the eurozone as anything other than another french effort to pull business back to paris ... 
  but in the end that might be counterproductive to a continent trying to stimulate economic growth '' i 've quoted the highlights here , which i believe shows how it 's not a legal requirement in the eu or anywhere else , but more importantly , would be a bad idea anyway . 
  good job on that refutation . 
  however shall i respond to such an eloquent argument .
