  so they 're annexing texas and california before moving to europe . 
  seems fair enough to me . 
  are we making mexico massively bigger and russia tiny or giving mongolia a coast though ? 
  oh hey a modder  you know you sunk the faroe islands right ? 
  [ a mexican posted hello ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/ ) on r/europe and was very friendly , so the mods changed the map on this sub to one of mexico . 
  this is a response to that . 
  our map now has mexico in it if you hover over it . 
   i do n't think this can be said with certainty it can , actually . 
  the scottish parliament can not block anything the uk parliament decides , and the pm can use the royal prerogative to do whatever she wants with foreign policy , including activating article 50 . 
  sturgeon is just arguing that they can make a formal measure that they do n't like it , and can refuse ( but not stop ) repatriation of powers from brussels to holyrood . 
  the courts and the lords agree on this , it 's the same as the argument that the commons might have been able to block brexit , it 's hogwash by people who do n't want to leave . 
   what was taken for absolutely granted when the first referendum took place is now set to be gone in the single biggest overhaul of uk 's grand strategy in half a century . 
  it was n't taken for granted though , scotland knew that there would likely be a referendum on the eu , and they voted to stay in the uk and take the decision together . 
  seeing as polls have n't shown iscotland pulling ahead , and that the eu was n't the biggest factor of better together , and that no-one knows what a brexit deal looks like ; it would be disingenuous of the snp to claim that scotland now wanted to leave the uk to stay in the eu . 
  interestingly , what was taken for granted for the snp , but has proven to be false was : de facto iscottish membership of the eu , open borders , free trade , currency union , ruk paying for pensions , billions of pounds worth of oil revenue , and keeping ruk 's eu opt-outs . 
  seeing as they have n't answered any of those questions , nor know what iuk looks like , it 's fairly obvious they 're just narrative pushing . 
   not really a good argument , since london is not a country my point is that looking at country differences does n't mean much because of the huge differences in population . 
  whereas looking at poor and rich areas can help show why people voted the way they did . 
   being a country gives ( or might give ) some perks . 
  sturgeon says a lot of stuff , but neither she nor holyrood can block non-devolved matters , such as brexit . 
   and well , maybe the vote will mean the uk will split . 
  unlikely , since n. ireland and wales have next to no desire to be independent from the uk . 
  scotland does have a large independence movement , but they lost their referendum , and support has n't been growing . 
   so who hates democracy now ? 
  the cybernats ? 
  the people who refused to accept they lost a couple of years , and refuse to accept they lost the eu referendum , and so are demanding a repeat ? 
  despite the fact that at the time it was said by all sides to be a ` once in a generation ' vote ? 
  it 's not particularly democratic to try and overturn a result because you do n't agree with it . 
  if you want to make the country distinction then london alone has more people than scotland and wales combined . 
  out of a population of 65million , england has 55million ; and since we live in a democracy , england naturally gets more weight . 
  here though , the people who go on about scotland and n. ireland voting out are generally the people who hate democracy when they personally do n't win ; or want the uk to split up because dae england & dae tories , or are scottish nationalists circlejerking for another referendum . 
  if you want other nuance , then england and wales , majority leave countries , had deprived areas voting out , and wealthy areas voting in - which just goes to show how little the eu does for poor people . 
  nothing was discarded , the vote was based on a simple majority . 
  it was n't a case of their votes being discarded , but of remain simply not having enough votes to win . 
  no , the uk overall voted to leave . 
  it was n't england denying the other countries a vote and making the choice itself . 
  i 'm so glad the uk invented time . 
  uh , i mean , gmt . 
  okay silesian . 
  try going into a glaswegian pub and calling them english . 
  report back on whether they accepted it or not would you ? 
  i thought you might be , but you did n't have a flair . 
  i generally go into more detail on r/europe anyway though , just in case there are lurkers who do n't know country specifics . 
  great britain , britain and the uk are generally used interchangeably , mainly because they 're both part of our official country name , and historically we were once just the kingdom of great britain . 
  technically speaking , n. ireland is n't part of great britain , but is in the uk - which makes saying great britain wrong as it can be taken to mean the landmass , rather than a shortening of the full uk of gb and ni . 
  but when translating into foreign languages , it 's less of an issue than calling scotland part of england , and most people do n't tend to care . 
  and this is excluding the whole ireland = / = republic of ireland . 
  well , since the instructions are in the uk , and are split into uk , eu and international , i 'd have thought it 'd be fairly self-explanatory . 
  instructions are generally cultural . 
   would n't that be discriminating against eu students ? 
  no , aside from the fact that admissions are different because only uk students are integrated into ucas ( our standardised admissions and exam results system ) , the difference is one of residency as opposed to nationality . 
  an italian who lived in the uk for so many years , and took gcses and and a-levels would apply as a uk resident , whereas an overseas uk student would n't . 
  not really . 
  in the uk , the eu tends to refer to the institution rather than the member states , and this is used to distinguish between common eu things and uk-specific things . 
  it 's more based on the source of legislation or policies . 
  following your example : with eu students , it 's not referring to eu-uk students , but is instead a shortening of students applying outside of the uk , but from inside the eu ( i.e. 
  students applying under eu rules rather than uk rules ) . 
  in this instance it 's helpful to distinguish between this , domestic students , and international students , because the rules are all different . 
  it 's not that british students are n't eu students , but that they 're applying under british rules as uk citizens , rather than eu rules as an eu member-state citizen . 
   scottish interests probably are n't reflected in uk parliament you do n't seem to be aware that they have a more than proportional number of mps based on population share . 
  eight percent of the population and nine percent of mps . 
  scotland has its own parliament as it wanted greater local control , as requested via referendum , not because they 're ` under-represented ' at westminster . 
   they only give a shit about london . 
  * central london, 
  and my point is that despite being widespread , it 's wrong . 
  there 's more to the uk than england . 
  england having a devolved assembly and government ? 
  that 's way too far-fetched . 
  granted , most of the mps in the house of commons represent english constituencies , but that 's because england has 85 % of the uk population . 
  the uk government represents the entirety of the uk , and that includes parts which do n't have a majority of the population . 
  scotland is still equally represented in the commons as they have the same number of seats they 've always had , and represented by the government by virtue of being in the uk . 
  on party political terms , the snp only having representation in scotland is the price you pay for being a party which only seeks to represent part of the uk - it does n't impact scotland 's voice or representation at all . 
  that 's immaterial , since the whole country is the uk . 
  if it was the first minister of england ( a post that does n't exist ) voicing opposition to an eu army , then you 'd have a point . 
  but it 's the uk as one entity here , not a sub-section of it . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  germany is the english translation of deutschland , but the uk and england are two separate entities . 
  it 'd be like calling germany bavaria . 
  they may not be alone , but it 's not quite at the unofficial proposal stage , since as far as i 'm aware , no states have informally endorsed , despite being pro-integration . 
  unfortunately the italian proposals were page two-ing for me . 
  but that just ties into what i 've already said , that some eu states can integrate themselves without making it an eu common proposal that 'd include every member ( and require unanimous council approval ) . 
  i doubt every country will join in on it , for example the republic of ireland and austria prefer being neutral , and denmark is fairly eurosceptic and has already opted out of the csdp . 
   this is not a pipe dream , it 's happening . 
  some people intending something to happen does not mean it 's happening . 
  the commission regularly tries to push for military integration , and it 's repeatedly vetoed . 
  let 's wait for things to be put in motion and formal agreements to be made before we claim it 's happening . 
  it 's the uk , not england . 
  i mean , right after the brexit vote juncker immediately talked about the need for a common army . 
  the franco-german proposal talks about having a 27-strong eu army , but starting with a core group . 
  historically , the uk has used its veto before to block eu military integration . 
  i appreciate that france and germany have drawn up plans , but they have n't floated the ideas past the other member states yet , it 's a pipedream/paper , not a proposal . 
  fallon is just reiterating the position the uk has had for decades whenever continentals talk about a common military , saying the uk will oppose it . 
  i doubt fallon repeating that is going to make any headlines at all . 
  the previous proposals were based on the commission creating a common military . 
  the eu then did these proposals ( under lisbon cooperation ) which the uk has said it opposes , but will not veto . 
   how is the uk supposed to block it ? 
  pretty sure i said `` the uk opposes the idea , but accepts it ca n't block '' it . 
  edit . 
  response to edit . 
  the uk and i are n't demanding anything , merely voicing opposition .
