  did you read the response to the blogpost in the comments too ? 
  it provides a good rebuttal to the post , although sadly the blog authors did n't respond very well , perhaps because of their competing interests . 
  actually , in 2009 we scored 682 points , and were behind ireland and 14th in europe ( out of 33 ) . 
  today we 're at 736 , and still 14th ( now out of 35 ) , so overall standards have risen and kept in line with europe . 
  so we 're actually getting better , despite what people say about the tories . 
  france was very good 16 years ago , on the turn of the century . 
  but other european countries have all been improving their own standards , while france has done nothing . 
  healthcare has improved massively in europe since the millennium , but france has n't done enough to stay on top . 
  it 's not a question of france being bad , but of everyone else improving whilst france remains fairly constant . 
  your first source cites a who study published in 2000 , which puts it many years out of date , a lot has changed in 16 years . 
  the second one is more up to date , but it does n't look at all health outcomes , just spending per capita versus life expectancy . 
  there 's more to healthcare provision than both of those , as different countries will have different costs and wages , as well as cultures and diets which promote a longer , healthier , life . 
  other commentators have pointed out that the spanish system is quite fragmented , but the italian one is too . 
  on average , they 're not as good , but if you look at regions , then northern italy is quite a bit better and southern italy quite a bit worse . 
  it 's difficult for them to compete with the nordics ( especially norway , with its oil wealth ) , and with the nhs in the uk ( that has a cult that screams bloody murder when anyone dares suggest it is n't perfect ) . 
  interestingly though , if you split the uk up , england does a tad better on health scores , while the rest does a bit worse - primarily down to incompetence in welsh labour and ineffective snp reforms in scotland . 
  and another five years after the next election thanks to corbyn . 
   or we could recognise that permanent decisions based on the future of the country should n't be massively affected by the people who benefit from it least so we should only let young people vote ? 
  people live in this country , it does n't matter if they 're going to keel over and die seconds after they put their ballot paper in the box , that 's democracy at work . 
  and saying that you should prevent dying people from voting is silly , they have a stake in this country as the place that 's raised them and holds their friends and family , dying hardly removes that connection . 
   on a ` mandate ' of less than 2 % i wholeheartedly agree . 
  such a small mandate would be a ridiculous platform to base any change on . 
  fortunately for ukip , the actual mandate is 52 % . 
  that 's a majority . 
  whether or not it 's a sixty point lead or one vote lead , a majority is all it takes . 
   countries which actually run referendums have provisions such that ridiculous situations like this do n't happen ( e.g qualified majorities or supermajorities ) most countries that require supermajorities actually only require them in their elected houses , the popular vote merely requires a standard majority . 
   cameron and osbourne were idiots to make those claims , but stronger in did not endorse their claims anyway . 
  well , thanks for the correction , but it 's immaterial difference whether or not their claims were endorsed when we 're talking about the prime minister and his chancellor , the two most important politicians in the country . 
  besides , their own * conservatives in * was affiliated with the official campaign , so it 's not as if they were on the sidelines . 
  i 'd wager cameron was a bigger figure for remain than stuart rose . 
  you 're thinking of supranational being the same as supranational union . 
  the wto is supranational because it has rules which are bigger than just one nation , multiple countries trade under a single set of agreements ; whereas the eu is a union because it 's more political . 
   is actually a term in english that 's the issue with language , it 's not a perfect form of communication . 
  that 's * supranational union * not * supranational * , the definition changes if you throw in an extra word . 
   just wan na point out that your argument that `` it 's just legal semantics '' does n't really hold up that 's a stupid thing to say . 
  we 're not discussing the legal part of the eu at all , but rather what you meant by supranational . 
  pointing out that the legal definition is different to the common language understanding is obvious , but does n't help illustrate what people mean by the terms . 
   they also vote in scottish parliament elections . 
  which is unusual and not a precedent . 
  the scottish government chose to extend their franchise to 16-17 year olds , however that decision does not extend to national elections or national rules on the electorate . 
  the point would only be valid if they could vote in all elections but not referenda . 
   other than making the result more accurately represent the population , of course . 
  should we ask 14-15 year olds then ? 
  12-13 year olds ? 
  there has to be a cut-off point somewhere , and in this country that point is your eighteenth birthday . 
  you do n't change the electorate for just one vote . 
   like i said , remain tories . 
  the official campaign did not claim either of these . 
  the official leave campaign did promote several lies . 
  remain tories were the official campaign . 
  what were david cameron and george osbourne if not prominent , official , remainers ? 
   because the guy said it was overwhelming oh , i thought he worded it to say that the evidence of wanting to leave was overwhelming , not that the referendum was . 
   unless you 're farage , who literally said a 52 % remain result would not finish the matter . 
  but who cares about that , eh ? 
  i stayed up all night for the results and watched that interview . 
  farage did n't say 52 % would n't be enough , he said that it would n't settle the matter . 
  the difference being that the uk is divided over the vote , whereas a large victory would have destroyed one of the sides . 
  you 're technically right , in strict latin terms the eu is the only supranational organi * s * ation ; but in common language supranational does also refers to bodies such as the un . 
   with international organizations , that is not the case . 
  its rules can always be ( and are in quite a few cases ) overridden by national act of law ( ` treaty override ' ) . 
  since we 're going into semantics , technically you 're referring to intergovernmental organi * s * ations , being distinct from mere international organisations such as amnesty or greenpeace . 
   but i doubt it was always a supranational organisation how are you defining supranational ? 
  the un is supranational , as is nato and the commonwealth . 
  supranational is n't limited to consolidation of power , it just refers to international influence . 
   they voted in the scottish referendum too . 
  that was unusual and not a precedent . 
  they do n't vote in national elections , so there was no reason to include them in the referenda electorate . 
   so people who live and work permanently in the uk who never bothered to get full citizenship get shafted if they 're not british , then why should they have the right to vote ? 
   no , you 're talking bollocks . 
  some of the remain tories did talk some bullshit , but on the whole the remain camp did a good job of dissecting leave lies . 
  ah yes , i forgot that because we voted to leave the eu , we went into an immediate recession , and so had a punishment budget and had to invade poland for spoils of war to prop up our economy . 
  unemployment has n't fallen , because those 3 million people who lost their jobs have been conscripted into the army to invade poland . 
  naturally , all of this had left britain internationally isolated , led to a trade war , and ended western civilisation . 
  and that 's not even starting on house prices !, 
   i 'm disputing the word ` overwhelming ' , not that the referendum had the result it did . 
  the point is n't whether or not it was overwhelming . 
  the point is that there was a clear result . 
  right , but that 's legal semantics . 
  the eu does n't hold sovereignty in its own right , but it still exercises it . 
  same as in the uk , holyrood and cardiff bay do n't hold any sovereignty , but they still exercise parts of sovereign power . 
  the issue is that it 's the eu acting in british competencies , and the eu is a pooled body . 
  the eu may have started out as just a supranational organisation , but it 's a politico-economic union now . 
  in that they 're each sovereign nations ? 
  i 'd have to check with u/muyuu but i assume they mean they do n't want pooled sovereignty with any of them , on a sliding scale of some eu-politicisation to chinese annexation , none of them are desirable . 
   me muttering under my breath about fucking tories ` the fucking tories ' or ` fucking tories ' ? 
  because they 're two rather different things ... 
  why on earth would 16-18 year olds vote ? 
  they 've never been able to vote in uk-wide elections or referenda . 
   people with permanent residence could n't vote because they do n't have the right to vote in any big elections in the uk , just as british citizens do n't get to vote in overseas elections . 
   there was a massive disinformation campaign from both sides . 
  leave lied and exaggerated , but let 's not pretend that remain was n't just as bad , if not worse . 
   and * even then * the leave side ` won ' with 51.8 % so a majority . 
  no matter how small it is , a majority is a majority . 
  you missed the bit where he said `` which are all unlike each other . '', 
  leavers do n't want pooled sovereignty or political unity , they do n't have a problem with things like cultural unity . 
  back to germany ? 
  did they close a bunch of stores over there ? 
  learning smaller languages can be worthwhile if you plan to do business there , but that 's not a good enough reason to put it on the curriculum . 
  if poland was next to the uk , and shared a similar culture and history with the uk , then that 'd be a good argument , but at the moment it 's only worthwhile for emigrants to learn polish . 
   german and russian are pretty important as well according to eurobarometer , over 70 % of germans speak some english .
