   you can keep ypu ideas based on that single paper without ( probably ) never having any sort of experience in many systems i 've said it before , and i 'll say it again . 
  experience does n't mean much . 
  you need to look at the whole system and health outcomes rather than the anecdotal experience of a few people . 
  have a look at the ( hspm ) [ http://www.hspm.org/mainpage.aspx] too . 
  or , alternatively , the ( who statistics 2016 ) [ http://www.who.int/gho/publications/world_health_statistics/2016/en/] which puts italy behind france again . 
   a user of both systems in uk and italy , italy 's is renowned to be very good by a lot of people , and , is much more progressive that the nhs for medical practises . 
  the user citation of one person does n't mean much when they 're only one person in tens of millions . 
  citation needed for the medical progressiveness claim . 
  well , you should cut the gazette off that list because it has no sources ; and bloomberg too because it only focuses on costs , not outcomes . 
  i 'm not sure what the guardian is going for , because it briefly looks at the cf and oecd , but then bases its conclusions on costs . 
  i think you 've brought up the who link before ? 
  or someone else has at least . 
  but anyways , it was released in 2000 , and the data is even older than that . 
  healthcare in europe has been improving year on year , but some countries have improved more than others . 
  france used to be on top , but their historical standard is now only average , and they have n't improved enough to remain on top . 
  healthcare in 2016 is quite different to the standard at the turn of the century . 
  your sources are either out of date or focusing overly on costs instead of outcomes . 
  the ehci and oecd maintain that italy has fallen behind because it has n't improved as much . 
   france and italy 's healthcare systems are very similar in terms of structure and size , yet you are prepared to dismiss one of them while highly rate the other france is better than italy , but it 's not exactly switzerland . 
  just because the french and italian systems are similar in structure and size , it does n't mean they have equal outcomes . 
  i 'm going off well-respected reports here which look at outcomes and where money goes instead of just currency/capita , or doctors/head . 
   does n't really make sense . 
  are you italian ? 
  it 's just your personal experience . 
  the vast majority of britons identify as british , one of the union countries , or a combination . 
  very few have european in their identity , let alone as the primary part . 
   that baffoon of a uk foreign minister calling people names wo n't get you anywhere . 
  personally no , i was n't ever old enough to vote for blair actually , but you do realise that elections are n't single issue votes , right ? 
  blair was n't voted in on the back of his european dream , but his economic and social plans . 
  and the voting system also has absolutely nothing to do with the difference between what our mps and electorate want . 
  and yeah , we 're a democracy . 
  as someone else pointed out , we 're a representative one , which means our leaders can get it wrong . 
  just look at the support for remain in parliament for proof , there 's a massive difference between what mps were for and what the electorate voted for . 
   no one gives a crap that you mentally distanced your selves from your elected representatives wrong way round . 
  it 's the representatives that distanced themselves from the electorate on one issue out of hundreds . 
  why do you think ukip did so well ? 
  are you taking this personally ? 
  britons do n't identify as europeans , a - phile is someone who is more into something than everyone else . 
  if we were all pro-eu then a europhile would be a federalist . 
  it 's not an insult or way to distance ourselves , it 's just an adjective . 
  yeah , i do understand democracy . 
  i 'm pointing out that just because the uk leaders chose something , it does n't mean the people are for it . 
   that sounds as if it was a nasty thing it 's a common english term . 
  - phile denotes someone having a particular fondness for something , e.g. 
  a bibliophile has a great love of books , an anglophile is fond of britain , and a europhile is into the eu project . 
   the people in the uk did n't have to do that , they decided to because it would be profitable . 
  the leaders , i.e. 
  blair , chose to do that ; the people did n't . 
  it 's possible that if blair was n't just a big europhile and opened the borders before everyone else , migration would n't be as big a deal in the uk and we 'd have voted remain . 
  anecdotal evidence is just that though , anecdotal . 
  it might be good if you want to see first-hand experiences , but it 's worse than useless for looking at the big picture . 
  this is n't a question of dissolving devolution , but legislating on something that we had a popular vote on . 
  this is incredibly misleading . 
  they 'd actually need a warrant approved by the secretary of state ( currently amber rudd ) and/or approval from judicial commissioners . 
  doubtful . 
  the polls say that brexit does n't change support for the union ; and it would n't be westminster overriding the scottish parliament at all , since consent is n't devolved . 
  scotland would n't go independent because westminster legislated to accept the results of a referendum . 
  the referendum is only non-binding because you ca n't make a referendum binding , parliament is the supreme decision-making body , not the ballot box . 
  politically of course , it is binding , because it 'd be electoral suicide to not follow through on the referendum . 
  it 's perfectly legal for parliament to do whatever it pleases , as it makes the law . 
  if parliament wished to ignore the scottish parliament ` legislative consent , ' it could do so in a multitude of ways . 
  the first , and simplest , would be simply to take advantage of the word `` may '' in the scotland act , and legislate off the back of that . 
  they could also pass an amendment to remove that obstacle . 
  because parliament also can not bind its successors , if they legislated to allow may to enact article 50 , it 'd be legal despite any possible complaints from holyrood , because the later act of parliament would overrule the earlier one . 
  the acts that set up the devolved legislatures literally stated in them that westminster has the final say , and can legislate for all of them if it so wished . 
  this is just people making a big deal out of the sewel convention , which states that westminster wo n't * normally * legislate on devolved matters . 
  it 's perfectly possible , feasible , and legal for westminster to legislate without the scottish parliament 's permission - so long as it does n't do it repeatedly . 
  this is assuming that the supreme court rules against the government , which is n't a certainty at all . 
  there are a few other sources , but there are n't that many dedicated thinktanks that compare different health systems . 
  it 's better than basing info on anecdotal evidence that means nothing though . 
  that 's irrelevant to how much money it wastes though , it just means that it appears that we get more bang for our buck . 
  efficient as in it does n't spend much money ( both in nominal terms and gdp terms ) , not in the sense that there 's low monetary wastage . 
  i 'm looking at the [ ehci ] ( http://www.healthpowerhouse.com/publications/euro-health-consumer-index-2015/ ) which says health systems have changed over time . 
  looking at his earlier example of france , they managed to be top of their leaderboard in 2006 , but with a score that would now only be average in europe . 
  happily , healthcare provision has generally improved over time , but some countries have improved more than others ( which is why france has fallen behind ) . 
  on italian efficiency , they manage to do worse than their western european neighbours , particularly slovenia , who they spend more money per capita on , but have a lower ` health score . ', 
  regarding your anecdotal experiences with the nhs and italy , i would n't call one person 's experience as particularly relevant to the entire system . 
  it 's true that the nhs is comparable to the italian average ( with south italy being worse , and the north being better , generally speaking ) , but this is spread across different sectors . 
  italy being more accessible than the uk , for example . 
  france is pretty good , yes . 
  not the best in europe , but still up there . 
  italy , not so much . 
  real excellence is overly dependent on the ability to afford private healthcare , and also has a large regional variance in healthcare services . 
  it 's below average in europe , despite spending more money per capita than its neighbours that manage to do better . 
  that 's based on a report released in 2000 though , a lot can change in 16 years . 
  the netherlands , switzerland and norway tend to come out on top according to the echi and oecd . 
  no idea where you 're getting france and italy . 
   am i missing something ? 
  apparently everything , i guess you ca n't access it properly from your isp . 
  i 'll c + p it the first part here :  ` researchers at european geostrategy broke global powers down into four categories : super power , global power , regional power and local power . 
   the united states took the top slot as the world 's super power , while britain took the only global power slot , bringing her in second behind america . 
   regional powers include france , china , india and germany , while local powers were those such as italy , brazil , and turkey . 
   [ the organisation european geostrategy rate the united kingdom as a global power ] ( http://www.europeangeostrategy.org/2014/01/european-geostrategy-audit-major-powers-worlds-fifteen-most-powerful-countries-2014/ ) , they define this as :  `` * a country lacking the heft or comprehensive attributes of a superpower , but still with a wide international footprint and [ military ] means to reach most geopolitical theatres , particularly the middle east , south-east asia , east asia , africa and south america . 
  * ''  the british armed forces comprise the royal navy , a blue-water navy with a comprehensive and advanced fleet ; the royal marines , a highly specialised amphibious light infantry force ; the british army , the uk 's principal land warfare force ; and the royal air force , with a diverse operational fleet consisting of modern fixed-wing and rotary aircraft . 
   the country is a major participant in nato and other coalition operations and is also party to the five power defence arrangements . 
  recent operations have included afghanistan and iraq , peacekeeping operations in the balkans and cyprus , intervention in libya and again operations over iraq and syria . 
   overseas defence facilities are maintained at ascension island , belize , brunei , canada , diego garcia , the falkland islands , gibraltar , kenya , bahrain and cyprus . 
   the uk still retains considerable economic , cultural , military , scientific and political influence internationally . 
  it 's a recognised nuclear weapons state and its defence budget ranks fifth or sixth in the world . 
  the country has been a permanent member of the united nations security council since its inception .
