  britain in general is against the parliament and politicisation , and those political parties do n't form bigger parties , but tactical groupings . 
  i use the club analogy , so i can point out to people who think we 're traitors that we did n't burn down the clubhouse like they seem to think . 
  sure , the eu is slightly more than that , but it 's not inaccurate either . 
  i 'd call merkel a statesman , but not juncker , who seems to think he 's the president of the eu , not the commission . 
   still not an ideal time to loose a voice of reason keeping the balance . 
  yeah , the uk has always been touted as the counter-balance to germany . 
  problem is , very rarely did that lead to success for britain or reformists in the eu . 
  far from being a leader of traders versus federalists , the uk was more often than not ostracised as the one dissenter . 
  the eu tends to ignore what the uk says , they barely took notice and offered shitty reforms even when we were walking into a referendum . 
  i know exactly what five eyes is , but calling the uk a double agent is completely over the top . 
  all countries gather intelligence about all other countries , there 's nothing sinister about gathering intelligence . 
  most of the outrage , in fact , comes from spying on someone else 's civilians and passing the information along to their own country , to circumvent laws on spying on your own citizens . 
  and let 's not forget that there are a multitude of partners in five eyes , including most of europe . 
   leaving the eu over money the referendum was never about money , it was about sovereignty and immigration . 
  the arguments about money were simply saying that we 'd have more , and because we were a net contributor funding in this country would n't disappear . 
  it was never about being mercenary , the money was chump change ; and besides , the money had always been ours . 
  it was never the eu 's to begin with , it should have been up to the britons to decide where their tax money went , not brussels bureaucrats on a gravy train . 
   however , that is n't what is happening in europe these days . 
  there is no despot trying to become the new emperor of europe . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  but i was quite obviously talking about the past , because theogr brought it up . 
   as to trade , the uk has completely free trade with the eu , but has chosen to threaten that . 
  yes , completely free trade with the eu . 
  but not free trade with many others , as the eu refuses to actually make trade deals . 
  it was set up in the fifties , and only today are we making trade deals with the usa and canada . 
  britain has threatened its trade with the eu , sure , but now its looking at the rest of the world . 
  that place with a population ten times the size of europe , and the other 80 % of global gdp . 
  hell , the usa by itself has a larger gdp than the eu . 
   delusional . 
  do n't be like that , at least try and be civil . 
   it is historical revisionism on the behalf of brexiters to suggest that it was . 
  it really is n't . 
  the original campaign completely hid away the possibility that it was anything more than a customs union with the cap . 
  you 're deluded . 
  britain only wants to trade without politicisation , that 's why the uk left the eu . 
  it does n't want it to fall , and it does n't give a damn about the british empire or old history . 
  what 's so wrong with you people , that you ca n't accept you might be wrong about someone 's opinion ? 
  it 's a lot , not alot . 
  i do n't see what your various points about history have to do with this . 
  places like germany and france have , and will continue to have , influence for years to come . 
  it 's not going to disappear because other countries are growing relatively faster . 
  it 's not as if their only hope for relevancy lies in joining a superstate with a tenth of the world 's population . 
  your voice in the eu is n't amplified at all , rather the opposite . 
  by joining a larger union you sacrifice the weight of your vote for a louder voice overall . 
  proportionally , everyone 's vote is smaller as it matters less . 
   to you russia is annoying , china making noise and india a market to exploit to me , russia is a threat that needs shutting down , and the reason nato is deployed in the baltics . 
  they 're not annoying , they 're a serious threat to peace . 
  china is eventually going to be the pre-eminent power , that was always going to be the case , they 're absolutely massive . 
  and india is an old friend and ally , not just a market . 
   try seeing the world from the pov of a 5 mil people country in eastern europe bordering russia , or southern european country with deep fiscal troubles thats afraid of becoming the plaything of global markets betting against it . 
  you mean those countries under the aegis of nato ? 
  those countries that got themselves into a mess , and are being bailed out by their neighbours ? 
  you do n't have to be a single country , you can survive as a group with friends and allies , and still retain sovereignty . 
  that 's why nato is a thing . 
  standing together does n't mean you have to be one country , it just means actively helping your friends and allies . 
   and in the end the big nations like france and germany wo n't be safe either . 
  just like texas could n't stand alone , neither can we . 
  again , that 's why nato exists . 
  that 's why countries have friendships , trade deals , and alliances . 
  what about the falklands ? 
  all small places , and surviving perfectly well . 
  you can be small , you can be big , you can survive perfectly well . 
  you 've posted that before on ukpolitics i believe . 
  those points are ridiculously vague . 
  `` bring together the peoples of europe '' did not mean ` create a european superstate . ', 
  it was naturally interpreted as creating cultural and trading ties . 
  helping the poor ( across the world , not just europe ) was believed to be easily achievable through trade , as was maintaining peace and freedom . 
  the fact is that the entire cast of the political elite were in favour of staying in , and the referendum was hardly fair or particularly informative . 
  that same leaflet offers repeated assurances that there would be no politicisation , for example : `` no important new policy can be decided in brussels or anywhere else without the consent of a british minister answerable to a british government and british parliament . '', 
  [ this is a good documentary about the campaign that 's worth watching . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wqaonxoxsk ), 
  it 's not belligerent , it 's a fact . 
  various rulers at various times have tried to subjugate europe , a divided europe was safer because there was n't one big military seeking to dominate everyone . 
   france is not complaining that a reunified germany is a threat to europe ( though thatcher did ) thatcher 's opinion was shared by french president francois mitterrand actually . 
  and it 's not the question of one country uniting again . 
  france tried to make client states across the whole of europe , so did germany , and the austrian hapsburgs tried to plant themselves on every throne they could . 
  that was what britain fought against , mainly by subsidising her allies who were being invaded by those people . 
  no-one wants a return to 19th century politics , britain wants to return to an era of free trade , not more senseless war . 
  the eu is not europe . 
  it was originally touted as one , the politicisation came next . 
  but it was branded as pure trade when it was sold to new members , in particular the uk . 
   do n't you people ever learn any history ? 
  maybe we could refrain from insults and personal attacks ? 
  yes ? 
  and because the uk disagreed with this consensus it left the club . 
  this is not a dangerous time for europe , an economic downturn does not spell out the end of western civilisation . 
  russia is held back by a crippled economy after post-crimean sanctions , and the fact that most of europe is part of nato . 
  if more countries want bailouts , they 'll get them from the imf , which i might add , britain contributes to . 
  it 's not a question of being ` friends with benefits ' at all . 
  plenty of countries around the world trade , and that 's what the uk wants . 
  britain is happily friends with many countries around the world , the commonwealth is literally a club of friends . 
  five eyes is intelligence sharing , what britain does with other countries except under a different umbrella , and i 'm not sure how being a big contributor to nato is being mercenary either . 
  would you rather we charged people for the nuclear umbrella and interventions ? 
  that 's never been the british way . 
  not because of jealousy or protection of the colonies ( as the british navy outclassed everyone repeatedly ) , but because a united europe was a threat to britain . 
  they 'd have the resources to invade britain if they conquered everyone else , and we had money to throw at their enemies ( hello prussia ) . 
  but yeah , the more time you spend on r/europe the stronger the hivemind appears to be . 
  might must be right , because we 're the mighty . 
  what 's that ? 
  we 're not the best anymore , nah , might is n't right after all .
