  none of this is anti-semitic , but anti-israeli foreign policy . 
  exactly . 
  and if you travel far for business or to visit people , you need public charging points on the way . 
  you wo n't need as many electric charging stations as petrol ones , but you 'll still several thousand . 
   solve them , and people will switch without it being mandatory . 
  people might , but businesses wo n't . 
  if it 's more profitable to sell petrol cars , then they wo n't switch to electric . 
  factor in habits and the innovation costs for switching over , and it becomes easier to stick with petroleum . 
   if you need to make it mandatory low emissions are mandatory , as are speed limits . 
  if you want to make the industry switch over , you need to use carrots and sticks . 
  it 's no good making electric cars easier if no-one wants to switch . 
  yes voters in 2014 wo n't all have been snp voters too though . 
  a significant minority of snp support comes from the domestic policies rather than independence ambitions . 
  it 's france , they need to factor in time for all the strikes . 
  hopefully the next one is encouraging people to buy and build electric cars , and trying to lower the cost of them . 
  not all snp voters vote for independence though . 
  a map hardly helps with the numbers . 
  it looks like there are under 10,000 spread across the continent , with coverage not being anywhere near universal . 
  that 's not enough to compete , especially since spending money on infrastructure is n't enough to persuade people to switch . 
  that 's not what bigotry is . 
  right , but no-one 's saying we should live in the past , only that the past has forged these bonds and family ties . 
  the spread of a common language and family links all over the country makes the uk far more tightly knit than the eu is . 
  you still need a lot of charging stations across the country for journeys . 
  and investment into making electric cars cheaper and quicker to charge . 
  at the moment , the purchase cost and charging time are the only drawbacks . 
  solve them , and we can start a mandatory switch over time . 
  my point is that for a continental system , 400 is fiddlesticks next to the usa 's 1800 , especially since one country in the eu has over 14,000 petrol stations . 
  you need far more to make it worthwhile . 
  you do have to start somewhere , but without heavy infrastructure no-one 's going to make the switch . 
  300 years apparently . 
  ask again in 2316 if europe has a common culture yet . 
  this not-so-tiny island has been one country for over three hundred years , has a common culture and language , family all over the island and trades more with scotland than the eu does . 
  it 's not just a question of economic potential . 
  good news , and a good start , but 400 stations is n't very many . 
  the usa alone has 1800 electric stations , and 400 wo n't be able to compete with the number of petrol stations - with germany alone having over 14,000 . 
  they 'll need a lot to make electric cars feasible for europe . 
  it just means they place more importance on the union than the eu . 
  true , especially since i think china teaches a lot of students english . 
  but if in future chinese clout and soft power keeps increasing , then it 'll probably become the dominant language in east asia , and so become more worthwhile to learn . 
  no , it 's not , as muslim and islamic are interchangeable , and israel and jew are n't . 
  israel is a jewish state , but it 's not even a theocracy , let alone a state entirely concerned and composed of jews . 
  and even if it were , a state is judged on its state actions , not on its composition . 
  the west is n't judging israel on being composed of jews , otherwise we 'd be supporting the palestinians wholeheartedly . 
  israel is judged harshly on the occupations , the war crimes and bombings , and the wars it 's participated in . 
  they 're not a bad thing because it 's jews doing it , but because it 's wrong for anyone to do it , and because israel the state is doing it . 
  judaism has literally nothing to do with it . 
  except judaism and israel are not synonymous and linked in every way . 
  you can criticise israel and not be anti-semitic . 
   the obsession with israel and no other country rather than lifting the pressure on israel , the west should be putting pressure on other countries that treat its citizens badly and annex territory then . 
   dead obvious that anti-semitism is connected to this again , no . 
  israel is in the news a lot . 
  israel is part of the west . 
  israel is one of the few countries in the world to annex and claim its neighbour 's territory . 
  israel rightly gets called out on its crap , as does hamas . 
  quite frankly , neither side is called out enough . 
  but that does n't mean that calling out or putting on pressure makes you anti-semitic or islamaphobic . 
  israel is not judaism . 
  judaism is not israel . 
  them being linked does n't make them the same thing . 
  and there are 1500million english speakers , 1151million mandarin speakers , 560millin spanish speakers , and 275million french speakers . 
  polish is just spoken in one country , it 's not worthwhile to learn when there are bigger languages in the world . 
  no , it 's not anti-semitic at all , because it 's nothing to do with judaism , but is a reflection of israel . 
  israel may be a jewish state , but it 's important not to conflate the religion and the state . 
   i 'm also not sure why you think that it is relevant to point out that it will not lead to war with israel because i was replying to someone who went from labels to the holocaust . 
  criticising illegal settlements is n't anti-semitic . 
  it 's hardly going to lead to a war against israel . 
  chinese is n't spoken as globally as the big three of english , french and spanish though , and is n't important in europe at all . 
  it 's a big language , but it just does n't have the global spread that those ones do , although it would be a good idea to teach mandarin for the future . 
  really , everyone should probably be ~ ~ speaking ~ ~ learning english , since it 's the world 's most spoken language by a significant margin . 
  edit . 
  learning , not speaking, 
  out of all the languages in the world , it 's not a particularly worthwhile one to learn . 
  better to teach french and spanish , as more people speak those languages , whereas poland only has a population of about 38million . 
   your source was written by a single professor in sweden which source ? 
  i 'm assuming you 've heard of the oecd and its size , and the ehci was written by swedish health policy think tank health consumer powerhouse . 
  it does n't have just one person behind it . 
  on the other hand , you 've used unsourced newspaper articles , which were actually written by one person . 
   like i said , you seem to base all your understanding on that one source without giving any other source with similar claims . 
  the oecd , echi , hspm ( who i literally just referred you to ) and * up-to-date * who reports . 
  how is that a single source ? 
   3 years is actually quite a significant gap when taking averages into account . 
  it 's also known that italy has a significantly more ageing population than its northern european counterparts . 
  if by significant you mean under germany by 0.1 % of population , then sure . 
  three years ( where italy is in the middle ) can be significant , but it 's not especially impressive considering the west in general is at that level . 
  they do have meanings , just ones that are n't immediately obvious . 
  * pool * is obvious , and it 's believed liver probably comes from the welsh * llif * , meaning flood , flow or current . 
  this would give the same meaning as the old welsh word for liverpool ( * llynlleifiad * ) as ' * the pool that floods . 
  * ' and that tells you all you need to know about liverpool really . 
  the ehci and oecd are fairly well-known as sources go , they 're not unknown reports by one person , but respected reports by large institutions/think-tanks . 
  i 'm not using any source to dispute the who , i 'm using common sense . 
  their report was released in 2000 , and it 's 2016 now . 
  things change , and across europe there have been widespread improvements in standards . 
   you also argued how neighbouring countries have caught up because of how much they spend per capita ? 
  no , i never did that . 
  you 've misunderstood me somewhere . 
  i 've argued over efficiency , that italy is inefficient because it gets lower results for a larger amount of money/capita , but not that they 've caught up by spending more ( although norway has done this ) . 
   italy has one of the highest life expectancy in the world ( resulting in an ageing population ) , so they must be doing something right . 
  having an aeging population is n't exactly unique , most of western europe has that . 
  for that matter , most of western europe has a similar life expectancy to italy . 
  italy 's average is 82 ( the world bank 's 2013 ) , which is the same as the western european average ( variance of 80 to 83 ) .
