  they 'll have to pay the tax on eu-uk transactions , but so will everyone else . 
   furthermore , they will have to pay into the eu budget , like all other countries that have access to the single market , do too nope . 
  i 've keep telling people this , but there are countries that have access to the eu markets and do n't pay membership dues . 
  there are only a few agricultural tariffs between the eu and south korea , but they do n't pay money in . 
  after ttip or its successor , do you expect the usa to pay dues ? 
  why should britain when it only wants to trade * with * the single market and not be a * part * of the single market ? 
  switzerland and norway are different , as they are part of the efta , not merely trading partners . 
   the uk was never part of schengen , so they were always able to decline immigrants from third countries - as they are after a brexit , meaning there is no benefit there . 
  i think you 'll find that the issue was britain could n't decline eu migrants , and the advantages of that were outweighed by the disadvantages , primarily because of the high levels of migration . 
  out of the eu , that 's 300,000 migrants every year that will have to apply for a visa . 
   and regarding immigration from other eu memberstates , the free movement of workers is one of the fundamental pillars of the single market . 
  if they want access to that , they will have to accept those pillars - as does f.e. 
  switzerland . 
  again , no benefit to the status quo whatsoever . 
  and again , britain , like many other countries , wants to trade with the eu , not be a part of the single market . 
  free movement did n't exist in the early days of the eec , and it does n't exist for eu trading partners like turkey , tunisia and egypt . 
  that 's a massive change to the status quo . 
  britain wo n't accept free movement of labour ( hopefully visaless travel , like the commonwealth countries get with the uk ) , and there 's no reason for the eu to demand , except to try and water down brexit into nothingness . 
  sure there 's uncertainty . 
  but the stocks have recovered already , and the city and boe have said that they 'd adapt . 
  the markets have literally already calmed here ( to feb levels ) , even if they have n't elsewhere . 
  the drop in pensions may have hit pensioners abroad , although they 're still getting a comparatively good deal , but that 's always a risk when overseas . 
  besides , it 's not hurting the uk economy , but the spanish one , as money being exchanged was going to be taken out of the british economy irregardless . 
   there are no benefits from an brexit let 's wait and see shall we ? 
  the economy might be uncertain , but for the people of britain , the end of eu membership is seen as a good thing . 
  per capita , yes , if not net contributions , which the uk is third just behind france . 
  but the point is that the uk is a net contributor . 
   acting in your own self-interest only is a business relationship , not an integral partnership or friendship . 
  we can be business `` friends '' , sure . 
  but for the uk , the eu was a business relationship . 
  it was never about friendship , as that was separate to the eu . 
  you do n't have to believe , but the uk was , and is , always going to be friends with europe irregardless of being in the eu . 
  why should britain remain in something it does n't believe in , because other people believe in it ? 
  friends respect differences in opinion , not demand that you have to join a club to be friends . 
   there is a natural interest in not letting the uk off the hook easily . 
  to show every country that the eu is not that easily fucked over and taken advantage off i know that the eu thinks it will be a worse deal because membership is off the table , but for the uk that 's a better deal . 
  but i do n't see how leaving the club is fucking over the eu and taking advantage of it . 
  we 're asking for trade , not demanding concessions . 
   i was referring to the referendum on the ukraine-eu association agreement in the netherlands of earlier this year . 
  you had 30 % turnout or something and rejected a beneficial trade agreement right ? 
  i can where you 're coming from about uninformed people . 
   it 'd require a constitutional change ( which iirc requires 2/3 majority to call a constitutional congress , followed by special elections , the actual congress done by the newly elected and again 2/3 majority to accept the results of the congress that seems needlessly complicated . 
  the joys britain has of an uncodified constitution , far more flexible . 
   alienated pretty much every other party with their populist rhetoric and policy . 
  that pretty much describes ukip in a nutshell , and they 've just had a massive success . 
  ultimately , i believe it should be down to the people , not parties . 
  but i guess unless pvv suddenly has great success and/or other countries start having membership votes , you wo n't have a referendum . 
  unless of course , the eu elite is dumb and decides to accelerate integration , with another treaty . 
  there were more issues at stake than membership of the eu . 
  ultimately , it 's believed that the new scotland devolution settlement , * going through parliament at the moment * , was responsible for better together winning . 
  we have n't even had any polls about what scotland thinks now , only statements from the snp , who entire raison d'etre is independence . 
  of course they 're going to say that , they 've said it before on the flimsiest of reasons . 
  let 's wait for fresh polls before we see what scotland thinks about independence , instead of relying on the word of an independence party . 
   and that if they could do this by accepting scottish membership , they may do it . 
  if they did this for a uk partner scotland , it 'd be interference . 
  if they did this in the campaign , it 'd be interference . 
  it 'd only be after an independence vote that they could do this , and then it 'd be a moot point . 
   what 's better for the eu at this moment than a country that might want independence ( that they rejected earlier ) just so they can join the eu ? 
  that 's all hypothetical though , more people voted for the uk than to remain in the eu in scotland . 
  it 'd be a mixed blessing for the eu , since an independent scotland would have a terrible economy and is far smaller and less important than the uk as a whole . 
   again , i do n't trust the result of the previous referendum to be representative of the actual scottish opinion at this time . 
  i trust polls ( which constantly overstated support ) . 
  pre-eu ref polls have shown independence support is n't any higher . 
  there have been no new ones . 
  wait for those first . 
  i do n't need a poll , i 'm one person , commenting on my own opinion . 
  there 's no need to be insulting about it . 
  you may be pro-independence , but until new polls come out , we do n't know what the other few million people in scotland think . 
  wait for them before you say scotland wants independence now . 
   acting like a petulant child with silly reductionist populism i did n't know you were in the room with thatcher . 
  yes , populism is big in the uk , but on both sides . 
  but the rebate was seen as fair because britain was paying for the cap , which france gets more money for . 
  the uk is still one of the biggest net contributors to the eu . 
   no of course not , it was for the sole benefit of the uk . 
  of course it benefited the uk , but it 's not out to hurt the eu . 
  a few people of this sub seem to think that the uk wants to hurt the eu though , so i have to say it . 
  and trade deals should be made to benefit both sides . 
   have you read any newspapers in the last 3 decades ? 
  have you listened to farage in the eu parliament ? 
  well , not 30 years ago , since i was n't alive . 
  farage in the eu parliament ? 
  i 've listened to both sides of the exchange , and they 're both as bad as one another . 
  and whilst newspaper sometimes attack eu policy and the eu itself , they 're not attacking the people or the countries . 
  have you spoken to britons ? 
  we love europe and the people , we 're a part of the continent and we like being friends . 
  the common people and the government do n't insult the eu , garbage papers do . 
  and every country has garbage papers . 
   i 'm sure we can remain the same kind of antagonist `` friends '' . 
  now it 's the eu 's turn to play hard ball though . 
  see , why do i think you 're being sarcastic ? 
  you can be friends with a country without being in a political union with them . 
  the eu should be playing for the benefits of its members , i agree . 
  but so should the uk . 
  however , it so happens that cooperation and trade outside the eu still benefits everyone involved . 
  i do n't think you can compare ukraine to this , their referendum happened whilst occupied by russia , a country notorious for unfair elections . 
   the anti-eu people lied horribly then and they 'll lie just as badly in a real eu referendum . 
  ( i do n't recall any lies by the pro-eu people , but i 'm kinda biased so i might not have noticed it . ), 
  there were lies by every side . 
  the two pieces of electoral literature i got through my door , pro-eu was worse , but ultimately both sides were as bad as each other . 
   any eu referendum will have to wait for a new treaty .
