  but , take worker protections as an example . 
  we have more annual leave than the eu minimum , more maternity leave , better shared parental leave and flexible working rights , even the nmw is n't part of eu law . 
  changing regulations are going to be red-tape measures and trying to make business more efficient without sacrificing regulatory quality , it 's not going to be focused on removing worker and family protections . 
   if brexit does n't go well . 
  the negotiations or economic growth afterwards ? 
  i ca n't see either side trying to damage the other , so it seems the economies will diverge more in style , but not in substance . 
  both sides will keep growth and reasonable regulations . 
  some will over-regulate in some areas , and under-regulate elsewhere due to political pressure , but it 's not as if this does n't already exist . 
  just look at the disparity in union power ( and actions ) between france , the uk , and sweden . 
   how comes nobody is talking about this ? 
  are the brits really keen on having us-conditions ? 
  nobody talks about it because it 's left-wing nonsense . 
  the tories have controlled the nhs for decades , and the closest it 's got to privatisation is when * labour * started contracting out services ( so they were provided by the private sector , but still free at the point of delivery ) . 
  every year , especially around election time , we get a bunch of bullshit about how the nhs is in crisis , how the tories are going to sell it off , and how we 'll have no regulations and turn into a fascist dictatorship . 
  it 's all nonsense . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i did n't realise that was you god . 
  tell me , what 's it like to be omniscient ? 
  he was talking about dropping from champions to league one , and you ca n't drop from uefa to efl . 
   one is the premier league and the other is the irish premiership both are which are the top national leagues . 
  not a particularly good comparison . 
  they are where i live . 
  just because they 're not for you , does n't mean they are n't for my area . 
  you can just say .9 recurring or use an ellipsis ( do n't know how to use a dot above in unicode ) . 
   dominated by the southern scoundrels  has greek flair you 're calling yourself a scoundrel ? 
  when i say news , i mean i get the news of my friends , i do n't tune directly into bbc sport . 
  i guess that 's the issue , people conflate informal and formal terms , and so get confused . 
   the football comparison is only made once and not in the way you claim . 
  it says that the brexit strategy was `` like falling out of the elite champion 's league into league one . '', 
  which seems to be speaking about relegation , where the bottom three teams of the championship are relegated to league one . 
   and the best quality of play in the world . 
  oh , on quality no doubt . 
  i was seeing ` best competition ' as by size and viewership , where the wc is just bigger . 
   national teams that rarely play together yeah , all star teams suck . 
  unless they 've spent time training together , they 're not going to do particularly well . 
  but you ca n't send smaller teams , because then it 's not a national team . 
   maybe by popularity , not by quality definitely by popularity , but the quality is immaterial . 
  it 's a question of comparative quality , not absolute quality , so it makes sense to compare two leagues which are right next to each other , and where one is quite literally a step-down . 
   in which you said he compared it from dropping out of champions league into league one in which i said `` so ... neither one of them is the premier league ? '', 
   he did n't though , he said one 's like champions league and one 's like league one the article makes it quite clear that he meant dropping from one to the other , which is only possible in the efl . 
   between the worlds best competition and some third tier national one . 
  best competition ? 
  the world cup should take that spot surely . 
  besides , he 's british , and the efl is bigger over here since it has more than four uk teams in it . 
  i 'm not that into it , but my friends are , so i do follow the news . 
  i presume further up the league so they 're not at risk of being relegated . 
  i 've heard both . 
  the terms are fairly interchangeable where i live . 
  hence my original comment . 
  that said , the team he supports was recently relegated to tier 2 , so i suspect that 's why he ignored the premiership . 
  the reporter wrote the analogy , so we can assume that they paraphrased blair , since articles are n't normally one massive quote . 
   no-one says champions league when they 're talking about the championship everyone around me does ... 
  he says it 's about dropping from the champions to league one . 
  there 's no league one in uefa . 
  you ca n't go from uefa champions to efl league one . 
  you can go from efl champions to efl league one . 
  therefore , he must be talking about just the efl . 
  so why did n't he mention the premiership ? 
  probably because at the moment his team ( newcastle ) is in the championship , not the premiership . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible that blair confused the two at all . 
  the terms are fairly interchangeable ; and i think he must have been talking about the efl , since uefa does n't have a league one . 
  and the context was blair talking about falling from the champions to league one , which is impossible in uefa . 
  the analogy only makes sense as an efl analogy . 
  i think it makes more sense that blair does n't know what he 's talking about . 
  did you read the article ? 
  he said it was like falling from the champions to league one . 
  you ca n't do that in uefa because uefa does n't have a league one . 
  it only makes sense as an efl analogy . 
   the champions league ... everyone wants to be in well , duh . 
  but uefa does n't have a league one , so you ca n't be relegated from its championship to uefa league one . 
  because you ca n't fall to something that does n't exist . 
  the analogy does n't work as part of uefa , only the efl makes sense . 
   relegated while winning the champions league so the top team in europe , and one of the top four in the uk , somehow is in the bottom three of the efl championship , and is relegated to league one . 
  i 'd say that 's fairly impossible . 
  and informally just called the champions league or championship . 
  uefa always has the uefa prefix to distinguish it , because it 's not as big in the uk ( since it 's not uk only ) . 
  the europe division is normally prefaced by uefa , and you ca n't drop from uefa champions to league one . 
  it 's only the uk that has a champions and league one , so the analogy only makes sense as part of the efl . 
  the terms are interchangeable . 
  and he was talking about dropping from the champions to league one , which is only possible in efl , not uefa ( which does n't have a league one ) . 
  the terms are interchangeable . 
  in the uk , champions generally refers to the efl division , whereas uefa always has the uefa prefix . 
  champions as part of the efl , not the uefa one . 
  champions and championship is interchangeable . 
  there 's no league one in the uefa championship though , the analogy only makes sense as part of the efl . 
  read the article . 
  he said it was similar to falling out of the champions league into league one . 
  a team playing in uefa is going to be in the uk premiership , and so ca n't be relegated to league one . 
  uefa does n't have a league one , you ca n't be relegated from its ' champion to league one . 
  he 's obviously talking about the uk system . 
  what ? 
  premier is above championship in the uk . 
  you shouldnt accuse someone of knowing nothing about football if you rank cl  pl check [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_football_league_system#structure ) . 
  uefa does n't have a league one though . 
  i suspect he 's talking about efl , since he 's british , and the efl is far bigger here . 
  the champions league is just the second division , premier is on top in the uk . 
   the champions league is meant to be the biggest tournament in uefa that 's the uefa champions league , it 's different to the english football leagues . 
  but ceta is a free trade agreement already . 
  you ca n't improve it without getting rid of all artificial trade barriers . 
  premier league is above the champions league , which is above league one . 
  i 'm not sure if blair knows nothing about football ( despite this being fairly basic stuff in the uk ) , or has a better idea .
