   on eu matters , yes . 
  uk was n't listened a lot to on euro crisis because they were n't part of it , the same will happen in the future but , instread of one , with every subject . 
  on eu matters sure . 
  but you seemed to be suggesting that it would be the europe that would ignore britain , not the eu . 
  did you mean that , or did it just not come across very well ? 
   never said there was n't but they are n't relevant , ca n't influence european policy and must mostly abbid to what eu decide or being put aside from european politic . 
  they abide by eu regulations purely on trade items going to the eu . 
  they ignore everything else . 
  why should britain not be in that category ? 
  no-one has a problem with conforming to foreign regulations to trade with them . 
   and i do n't think the overinflating ego people who were supporting brexit or the british government ( s ) who were once main promoter of the enlargement/economic sanctions on russia/wanting lesser regulation on banks ... will be happy to not have a say anymore . 
  if the eu wants the uk to join in on sanctions , they 'd have to invite them to talks , otherwise britain would take a completely separate decision . 
  and yeah , i think in voters will be unhappy they 're not in anymore . 
  but they lost , they 'll get over it . 
   you forgot why you joined eu in the first place . 
  that was because your own trade area established to avoid joining eu was a fail and you were n't relevant . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  france blocked the uk because it did n't want to lose relative internal power , so the uk formed a different free trade area . 
  the uk has never been irrelevant , it just thought that being a member of the eec would bring british growth up to parity with eec members . 
  of course , this did n't happen , and it was eventually thatcher who reformed the uk economy and got it going again . 
  the uk chose to switch to the eec alongside denmark and ireland to get access to a larger market . 
   just because they say so , does n't mean they mean it !, 
  / s  some people will blame the eu , but i have n't been . 
  i voted in because i thought the eu might reform . 
  it just seemed that when you said `` stop fucking blaming us '' it was directed at me personally . 
   \u00c4h . . we just went over the empire ending in the middle of the 20th century , kind of overlapping with the formation of the eu , and now it 's suddenly a thing of the 16th/17th ? 
  it 's a thing of the past , brexit is a thing of the present . 
  but you brought up britain as imperialistic in the context of brexit . 
  you literally said `` if we ignore all the british imperialism , there seems to be nothing but ... ironically accusations of imperialism coming from that side of the channel . '', 
  that 's you saying that britain is being imperialistic today . 
   it 's only # 4.7 billion . 
  not true . 
  [ `` in 2015 the uk government paid # 13 billion to the eu budget , and eu spending on the uk was # 4.5 billion . 
  so the uk 's ` net contribution ' was estimated at about # 8.5 billion . 
  '' ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/ ) that 's an independent fact-checker by the way . 
   but yes , surprisingly being part of the eu comes with membership fees . 
  who would 've thunk ? 
  newsflash : both eea and efta do charge hefty membership fees right , but the uk has just voted to leave those . 
  newsflash : trading partners do n't pay for the privilege of trading . 
  it 's members of efta and eea ( like norway and switzerland ) that have to do that . 
  britain wo n't , as she left . 
   so the referendum was useless then . 
  no , it was n't . 
  because it was about the future . 
  there will be no future unlimited eu migration . 
  there will be no future laws from brussels . 
  there will be no future political and fiscal union . 
  we 're not xenophobes , we 're not going to chuck out all foreigners . 
  eu nationals here will remain , * but in the future * they 'll have to apply for a visa . 
   we hand out student visas to anyone from all over the world who wants one , do n't you do the same ? 
  but no more erasmus of course , bring your own money . 
  we do yes , but i expect that the government will continue to spend money on students , irregardless of where they study . 
  i hope , and think , we wo n't leave erasmus since there are a few non-eu countries participating ( norway , iceland , liechtenstein , turkey & macedonia ) . 
   what choice would london have ? 
  it 's kind of immobile . 
  the city generally refers to the square mile ( the city of london , versus greater london ) , and in particular the financial firms head-quartered there . 
  it 's a tad confusing i 'm afraid , but the city ( i.e. 
  the businesses ) have said they 're staying . 
   the clients do n't have to switch to other people . 
  they would if businesses moved abroad . 
  there are massive relocation costs , and traders wo n't necessarily move . 
  but again , have to wait for the renegotiations . 
   they will if `` the city '' ... moves to frankfurt . 
  not necessarily . 
  house prices are n't big in london because of the city . 
  house prices are high in general , but london is a major international city and cultural centre . 
  house prices wo n't necessarily fall . 
   apparently , otherwise they would n't have voted out . 
  london voted in , mainly . 
  a split decision , but still in . 
  still , the people living in london are already benefiting from high house prices . 
   stop fucking blaming us for your politicians and the farce of your political system and voting system . 
  i 'm not , i 'm telling you that it was ratified by the uk elite , not the uk people . 
  stop assuming that britain thinks everything bad is the fault of the eu . 
   no , that empire ended cleary somewhen in the middle of the 20th century . 
  but we were talking about history , so ... no , you 're the one that brought up british imperialism , we 're discussing brexit , not events between the sixteenth and twentieth century . 
   free trade deals are not the same as the single market . 
  well no , the single market includes free movement of labour . 
  britain just wants the free trade bit , so they 'll leave the single market , but still have access to it in the form of a trade deal . 
  same as places like south korea . 
  if it was just about free movement , i 'd expect an overwhelming majority to support the end of it , it 's the biggest issue about the eu . 
  unfortunately , there have been no polls . 
  still , any government that tried to brexit but keep free movement would be swiftly ousted . 
   yes , but eu membership may have been one of the most important ones , if not the most important . 
  it is very possible that scottish people will feel betrayed by the uk ( and mainly england ) , for not keeping to this promise . 
  how does scotland know that the uk is going to do what is says it 'll do next time they promise something ? 
  again , no . 
  there was going to be a referendum , the scottish people knew that . 
  it did n't come as some sort of big surprise , and the snp had ample time to campaign earlier this year for another referendum in the case of an out vote . 
  and they did n't . 
  and they also lost their majority . 
   this is not true . 
  admittedly . 
  it 's reddit , so not an actual representation , but go on any post about brexit , or / r/scotland or / r/ireland , and scottish/irish people are talking about independence/reunification , and not just people who voted for independence in the last referendum . 
  there is sentiment , and not just from the snp . 
  you probably have n't explored those subs before , but i 'm subscribed to r/scotland and when it comes to independence , it 's a massive snp circlejerk . 
  they 're not in the slightest bit representative of the population as a whole . 
  same with r/unitedkingdom for the whole of the uk . 
   exactly . 
  you ca n't take numbers that are n't relevant anymore , and use them as proof that scotland does n't want independence .
