  on a communication stance , it 's better to learn something else ; on a reciprocal stance , we should learn german ( which the uk does , 9 % speak some german , second behind french at 23 % ) . 
  as a european language , i 'd place it on par with french in terms of importance . 
  i would n't say russian is that important . 
  there are many speakers , but it 's not exactly a global language . 
  add to that the general hostility that russia has to most of europe , and it becomes even less worthwhile to learn . 
   like you need more trucks , ships , refineries , extraction plants etc. 
  to get petrol to people 's cars than they would if they had ev 's and just charged them at home ? 
  er , yes , exactly . 
  but that infrastructure is already there , the question of investing in it does n't exist anymore . 
   and petrol costs hundreds of time more than electricity yet nobody seem to have a problem with that . 
  not hundreds , no . 
  fossil fuels are actually surprisingly cheap , especially when combined with the high cost of batteries . 
   or they will if they need to drive more than a few km a day . 
  range of the tesla s is about 200 miles at the lowest efficiency ( with the smallest battery on offer ) . 
  that 'll get you halfway across england , and take three-and-a-half to four hours . 
  tesla quick-charge carparks take about 20 minutes to get you to 80 % , so you can have a coffee and continue up to edinburgh if you want . 
  you do n't need to repeatedly change batteries for speed when you 're using those kinds of distances . 
    prevalence of petrol cars  do n't know what you 're talking about , sorry . 
  petrol cars exist because electric is currently an expensive niche market with poor advertising and high startup costs compared to petroleum . 
  no-one 's buying electric yet because it ca n't compete on cost , access , or advertisement . 
  it 's not because of the range ( very few people cross the country every day ) or other drawbacks . 
  petrol has held a monopoly for over a century , that wo n't change quickly . 
   you know the batteries would n't be discarded , right ? 
  they 'd be recharged and put into other cars . 
  right , except you need more batteries than a simple charging system . 
  and the more complicated system also raises the price of electricity above the market rate . 
  people wo n't pay more for the pleasure if they can get greater utility at home . 
   why pay for petrol when you can have a electric car that you only just need to recharge overnight we both know that 's not the reason for the prevalence of petrol cars over electric . 
   i dunno what you think the goverment [ sic ] does , but forcing private entities to form partnerships , develop technical standards and establish businesses relationships is n't usually it . 
  i do n't know what you think the government does , but that 's not what government intervention means or implies in the slightest . 
   large companies already make electric cars to cater to a small niche market which will pay a far greater price for electric . 
  there is currently little to no incentive for them to produce on a mass scale to replace petrol , because that 's not what consumers want . 
  we know they do n't think it 's profitable , because they 're not making much of a profit compared to petrol cars . 
   i 'm honestly beginning to think that you 're just playing dumb oh , and out comes the ad hominem . 
  since you 're so intelligent , why do n't you instruct the government and private business what to do . 
  i 'm sure they 'll happily follow you , since they 're so dumb too . 
   but they would allow drivers to be in and out of the service station in minutes , most likely without having to ever leave your vehicle . 
  yes , but it removes the benefit of the lower cost of electricity . 
  it 's neither efficient nor cheap to change rechargeable batteries when they 're out of juice . 
   standard petrol stations are incredibly expensive to to build/run/refill and yet operators manage to turn a healthy profit . 
  yes , because they have control over a very expensive and in-demand good . 
  but to have all these expensive stations would require an electric price higher than what you 'd pay at home . 
  why pay double for electricity when you can get it cheaper by recharging overnight ? 
  hell , entrepreneurs will just set up a circuit at their own homes to recharge batteries at 110 % the market rate for a tidy profit . 
   my solution can only take place as a private business initiative so i do n't know why you even bring the government into this . 
  i 've quite clearly said that i do n't think private business could pull it off , and so it would require government intervention . 
  that 's why i brought the government in . 
   not in this case it is n't . 
  the only way this can happen is through major business interests coming together to establish standards and agreements that can make this happen . 
  it 's the government that sets legal standards , not businesses . 
  businesses will come together and collaborate if it 's profitable , and the government has a place to make sure it it profitable , and that petrol is n't . 
   uh you do realise we have machines that can do things like this for us , right ? 
  which are far more expensive than a simple pump or fast-charge station , and also appear to take up far more room . 
   it 'd be way cheaper than what we currently pay for petrol and it would provide manufacturers the revenue needed to maintain the battery changing stations . 
  it 'd also be more expensive than having personal recharging be the norm , because you 'd need far more batteries . 
  manufacturers wo n't set up battery swapping stations that are expensive to run and more complicated than just recharging batteries as they come in . 
  which brings me to the next point :  private businesses do not levy taxes and no humans would actually be involved in changing the batteries so not sure what your point is . 
  if private business does n't provide it , then the government will , and costs to run will come out of taxation . 
  and since the running cost will be higher than simple recharging , then it 'd be an extra government expense that people do n't want ( or necessarily use ) . 
   yes , better not invest any money into this then , right ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i 've quite literally said , multiple times , that more investment is needed in all areas of electric vehicles , and the government is most suited to provide this . 
  not investing is a dumb statement that you 've come up with yourself and attempted to attribute to me . 
   send money to their home country throughout the period of their stay which is also a bad thing , and worsens our balance of payments , since it removes money from what economists call the ` circular flow of income . ', 
  on the other hand , it 's great for the country receiving this money , as they have extra cash going into their economy . 
  conversely , no companies will build cars and batteries without there being demand , which there wo n't be without the knowledge and infrastructure . 
  hence , you need government intervention . 
   almost every country in europe is looking at or having some kind of road taxing system . 
  oh god no . 
  then the assholes who yell at cyclists that they do n't pay road tax will actually be right . 
  we have fuel tax and emissions tax ( based on how polluting a car is ) , which currently contribute around 6 % of tax revenues ( i think ) . 
  technically , if we paid off all the debt so there were no more interest payments , this would n't be a problem . 
   you would n't be changing your battery by hand , that would be ridiculous . 
  that 'd be incredibly expensive though , hiring thousands of qualified technicians to change batteries up and down the country . 
   because a large part of the car 's cost is to pay for the battery . 
  and you 'd still be paying for the battery , except the cost would be spread out . 
  in fact , you 'd have to pay more in taxes , because there 's no way private business is going to hire people to change the battery for you . 
   like we have thousands of petrol stations across every country ? 
  exactly ? 
  that was my original point . 
  we do n't have enough charging stations to make it worthwhile . 
  waiting for problems to be solved in the future is a great way of not solving problems and pushing solutions further away . 
   european regulations to minimize emission will be a large motivational factor to boost electric on short term ahahahaha . 
  we pay over a pound for a litre of fuel in the uk , with over two-thirds of that being tax ( fuel duty + vat ) . 
  regulations and pigouvian taxes do n't affect demand as much as you 'd think . 
  we 've known about climate change and pollution for decades , and we 're still barely dealing with it . 
  without direct government intervention , habits wo n't change so easily . 
  our strikes keep being called off and do n't happen very often . 
  when they do , strikers are proving a point rather than trying to bring the country to a standstill . 
  millions of people are n't confident in changing their oil , let alone changing a car battery . 
  i do n't see how it 'd reduce costs or help though . 
  you 'd still need charging stations because people wo n't want to go out to ` fill up ' an electric car , and you 'd still need to build thousands of swap stations across every country . 
  presumably the second stage is to go around and tell governments and businesses that it 's fairly successful and works , and would they please give some money so that they can build more . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it 's not a question of targeting jews , but of targeting illegal settlements that happen to be jewish . 
   in fact , the eu has spent millions funding illegal arab settlements in the west bank whataboutism at its finest . 
  never mind the fact that these ` illegal settlements ' were supposed to have been handed over to palestine by now , since ` area c ' was supposed to have been handed over in 1999 . 
  but even if it was justifiably israeli , that would n't detract from israel 's illegal settlements . 
   in light of that , how can you deny the anti-semitic motive behind this ? 
  are we ignoring the fact that the eu is israel 's biggest trading partner , with a extensive free trade deal , science cooperation , and support for the peace process ?
