  that 's probably a kind of developmental aid . 
  wrong way round , switzerland voted against it . 
  they sure love their popular vote . 
  erasmus is n't a developmental aid , it 's a partnership not restricted to just the eu . 
  also , developmental aid ? 
  you do n't give money to members to participate . 
  are you for or against uk being in erasmus ? 
  personally i think it will help cooperation and keep ties more easily . 
   highly unlikely they actually mean it . 
  not that good to switch your mind so suddenly . 
  bad for business . 
  still , negotiations ongoing , i find it highly unlikely that they 'll all up sticks and leave , especially since the anglosphere + korea and india are clamouring for free trade deals with the uk . 
   traders who do n't move are fired and replaced . 
  uh , no . 
  we have labour protection laws in this country ( that are n't in the slightest bit dependant on the eu , btw ) . 
  you ca n't fire someone for refusing to emigrate to another country . 
  so why is britain arrogant and self-centred for not being a member , but switzerland and norway are n't ? 
   actually , yes . 
  well , at least you 're consistent . 
  mind telling me why you think denmark should adopt the euro when they do n't want it ? 
   they do n't have access to the common market like efta members , no . 
  they do though . 
  they have free movement of goods and services ( minus a few agricultural tariffs ) . 
  the only part they do n't have access to is free movement . 
   otherwise other countries might follow . 
  good ? 
  if other countries want out , let them out . 
  if other countries are n't comfortable with the treaties , let them renegotiate . 
  [ your own chancellor just said there was no need to be nasty in negotiations , ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36630326 ) and that deterring other countries should n't be a priority in talks . 
  why do you disagree with her ? 
   that 's way worse than efta , though . 
  that 's entirely subjective . 
  it all boils down to getting rid of free movement , and that was a pretty big deal for people voting out . 
  worse for germany , better for the uk . 
   the people are idiots . 
  well yeah , there are idiots everywhere . 
  but that 's how democracy works , there are idiots on both sides . 
  i suspect though , that you think the people are idiots because they disagree with you . 
   you mean like the morons who voted leave and then regretted it ? 
  i 'm afraid that 's the media lying again . 
  one poll shows that the number of remain voters who are happy about leave ( 4 % ) is several times larger than the number of leave voters who wanted remain ( 1 % ) . 
  [ this chap on ukpolitics has sourced a bunch of articles showing that the opposite is actually the case . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4puz35/the_media_creating_an_impression_of_leave_voters/ )  you mean like the welsh areas who have received a fuckton of eu cash and still voted to leave ? . 
  people do n't care about facts man . 
  the eu had nothing to do with these peoples ' problems , their ( your ) own government did . 
  but it failed them and used the eu as a scapegoat . 
  do n't trust your fucking politicians so much . 
  those welsh areas still have high unemployment , despite funding from the eu , and even greater funding from westminster . 
  also , cardiff voted remain , and it 's cardiff that gets the most money spent on it in wales . 
  most development money is spent improving cardiff at the expense of the rest of the country , so it 's not particularly surprising that the rest of wales were n't seeing much in the way of structural funds from the eu . 
   as it was when they rejected it ( obviously ) . 
  but 3 % on 5 million people is n't huge . 
  that 's 150.000 people . 
  there may very well be an extra 150.000 angry scots now . 
  not good maths there , they rejected it 55 to 45 , a ten point lead , and a difference of ~ 400,000 . 
  but otherwise , yeah , maybe . 
  then again , with the future of the eu , it 's possible that scotland does n't want to be a member without the backing of the rest of the uk . 
  and let 's not forget , that yes scotland was n't fully pro-eu , plenty of scots were pro-independence and anti-eu . 
   is it however widely accepted that scotland has given the strongest remain support . 
  london had the highest remain support , although scotland was up there . 
  lower turnout could imply that people who did n't vote but had previously thought brexit might not win . 
  that 's unlikely in my opinion , because the polls were neck and neck . 
  i 'm guessing that either they did n't know , or did n't mind . 
  why go in to spoil a ballot paper when you could just not go in anyway ? 
  but your guess is as good as mine . 
  no , that was n't the question asked . 
  but it does prove that support for the uk is greater than support for the eu . 
  if an extra 400,000 scots voted to stay ( making them most pro-eu in the country i 'm guessing ) then it would be more contentious . 
  but yeah , polls again . 
  interestingly , have [ a look at this article from the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/25/nicola-sturgeon-scotland-will-start-negotiations-to-protect-its/ ) which claims sturgeon may try to keep scotland in the eu and the uk . 
  interesting stuff , and similar to greenland . 
   i was saying that uk created aele in 1960 and asked to join ecc in 1961 which was vetoed by france fair enough , i misunderstood you there . 
   lol . 
  that sentence is wrong on so many points . 
  it 's really not . 
  ftse has recovered to february levels , where the markets ballooned because a remain vote was expected . 
  the pound has fallen , but is still strong against the euro and usd . 
  and actually , having been on the receiving end of the referendum propaganda for two years , remain did warn that leaving would destroy the economy . 
   i do n't want to argue with you . 
  you are completly clueless about eu policy or international trade . 
  i 'm really not , you 're just refusing to accept the possibility , that maybe , just maybe , britain is n't as weak as you apparently want it to be . 
  it is guesswork . 
  you ca n't say that the eu was the only reason scotland voted in , there were a whole host of reasons . 
  and what tipped it at the end , is believed to the new devolution settlement , not the eu . 
  also , england was never a member of the eu , it 's the uk . 
  do n't conflate the countries . 
  look closely , i 've worded by statements to say that scotland does n't want independence . 
  that does n't mean no-one wants independence , but they are a minority . 
   42 % may not be a majority , but it definitely can become one . 
  42 % is no small number . 
  it used to be 45 % when scotland rejected it . 
  sure , independence support could rise , but it 's a minority at the moment . 
   because they may no longer reflect public opinion i 've been saying throughout this thread we should wait for public opinion . 
  but before the new polls come out , the old ones are the most accurate . 
  lot 's of things happened , including a new tory government and more snp mps , and the polls showed no change . 
  * but until new polls come out , these old ones are relevant and accurate * , claiming they 're not because things have changed , you 're projecting your own ideas . 
   in this referendum , we know that people who would have voted remain did n't go and vote , so you ca n't trust that 1.6 million to be accurate . 
  but you do n't know that . 
  and even if they did n't vote , you ca n't claim they 'd vote remain because they chucked their right to choose away when they decided not to go to polls . 
   the fact that 2 million is a larger number than 1.6 million proves nothing .
