   the uk needs access to the eu market , and that comes with pretty much all the obligations that eu membership does . 
  oh really ? 
  like how france , germany and the netherlands need access to the uk market ? 
  or how the eu has free trade agreements that do n't amount to effective membership with other countries in the world ? 
   and yet he has n't invoked article 50 which was the point of the referendum . 
  yes , because he stepped down to let a new pm lead the way out , probably a brexiter . 
  i just said that . 
   but they 've been ignoring the referendum since friday . 
  if it was a legally binding referendum , it wouldn have been invoked on friday morning . 
  just because it 's not being enacted immediately , does n't mean it 's being ignored . 
  yes , thank you , i 'm well aware of how my political system works . 
  but i think you 'll find it 's the government which will deal with brexit , not the commons . 
   imho a general election fought on a single issue is akin to a referendum , anyway . 
  it would be , but 2015 was n't . 
  that was fought on the economy ( as usual ) , and the promise of a referendum by cameron was n't a core part of it ( unless you were voting ukip ) . 
  that 's odd , i guess the net recipients voted against because of the budget ? 
  and uk main traders in the eu were for because of uncertainty over trade , and so their own economy ? 
  i take it south korea has freedom of movement with the eu ? 
  and mexico ? 
  chile ? 
  egypt ? 
  turkey ? 
  the lse is fond of using per month data , instead of annual data . 
  per month trade varies from 38 % to 48 % , [ but overall trade was 44 % in 2014 ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/ask-full-fact-uks-trade-eu/ ) . 
  not sure about 2015 , uk figures are n't always up-to-date , and of course 2016 is still ongoing . 
  lse has just massaged the figures here , they 're not independent like fullfact is ( i 've linked them above ) . 
   peculiar kind of mathematics in which 10 % is larger than 51 % not sure what you mean here ? 
  51 % , actually 44 % , is the total of uk trade with the eu . 
  10 % is the total of uk trade as part of eu trade , it takes into account germany selling to france , which is why it 's a much smaller number . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
   since it already has trade deals with most of the world it really does n't , oddly . 
  it has the eu association agreement of course , and a few other ftas , but surprisingly few in full effect despite being primarily a trade association . 
  [ dark green is full ftas . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) of course , during the exit negotiations , britain can make deals that will take effect after official brexit . 
  i 'm glad to see some people in r/europe are happy to discuss brexit realistically , but i 'm not pushing a false narrative here . 
  you 've misinterpreted my figures , which is fair enough , but i hope i 've just adequately explained above how they 're not wrong . 
   and the british financial industry will be thrilled to lose passporting rights to the eu i do n't think you understand how free trade works . 
  non-tariffed trade means that britain would retain effective ` passporting ' rights for trade in the eu . 
  because , as you just said , britain has left the eu . 
  and the eu has plenty of free trade agreements with non-members that do n't include provisions for free movement . 
   trade barriers will happen though unless the uk accept freedom of movement . 
  that 's really not the case , i do n't understand why people keep saying this . 
  there are free trade agreements worldwide that do n't rely on freedom on movement , and that includes the eu - which has ftas with south korea , mexico , tunisia , and egypt to name a few . 
  they even want a pan-mediterranean free trade area , with the eu at the centre . 
  there is no reason whatsoever to try and impose freedom of movement on non-member states . 
  we have conventions here , and referenda have n't ever been ignored . 
   it looks like the government is n't ruling out ignoring the will of the people . 
  really ? 
  because remainer cameron has just resigned because he thought differently to the people , and the front-runner is a brexiter who wants out . 
  aww , you get to lose out on that cool extra passport :p woo !, 
  britain !, 
   but the queen and first past the post system i mean , ignoring that the queen has no power beyond ceremony ; and that fptp does actually represent the public , even if a minority disagree ( we had a referendum on changing the system ) ... a referendum is a different kettle of fish altogether . 
  because it 's a direct vote , and it ca n't just be ignored . 
  article 50 btw , not 5 :p  but since your democracy is a representative one it 's the elected politicians ' job to make such decisions . 
  and they decided to delegate that to the people through a referendum . 
  it 's not the decision that 's up to them , but carrying it out . 
  each to their own , i suppose . 
  personally , i 'd be horrified if any country that called itself democratic held a referendum and then ignored it because they disagreed with the results . 
  unless there were sensible requirements put in place * before * the referendum , such as turnout , i do n't see how anyone could ignore a direct vote . 
  it 's 52 % that 's the important number , the 1.8 % is the number above halfway . 
   there should have been a 55 % requirement ... you ca n't retrospectively change requirements because you disagree with results , and anyway , 50 % +1 is the standard in democracy . 
  speaking of a ` supermajority , ' where was this on the ratification of maastricht and lisbon ? 
  oh wait , there was n't one because it was n't voted on . 
   the uk already had a really beneficial deal the beneficial deal was partial opt-outs from the eu though . 
  it did n't hurt the rest of the eu . 
  and rather from hindering eu progress , the uk has been a voice for enlargement of the eu without continuation of politicisation , that 's been a fairly important counterweight to france and germany . 
  sure , the eu 's position is pretty strong if taken as a whole , but it 's also massively divided as it has to please 27 members . 
  the uk wo n't have that problem . 
  and far from preferential treatment of opting out of bits of the eu , the uk is going straight to just free trade . 
  that 's not preferential treatment , because it 's what many countries have outside the eu - even though to federalists mere free trade would look worse on paper . 
   the remaining 25 countries might give a variable amount of shits about this trade and each and every one would have to agree on the terms of the deal . 
  france and belgium too !, 
  but yeah , those other countries could try and mess up the deal . 
  but whilst that would damage the uk , it 'd also piss off the larger eu-uk trading partners , whose economies would also be suffering . 
  like i said above , that disunity weakens the eu 's overall position . 
   also on allowing students and whatnot still being able to travel to and from uk , was n't that # 1 reason why brexit happened ? 
  to stop migration , can uk really stop the unwanted migration and keep the favorable migration ? 
  student visas are a little different from unrestricted migration . 
  obviously a deal over visas would have to be hammered out , but it 's just an example where the eu and uk can continue to work together . 
   enough to make the brexit a losing deal on all parts . 
  including the eu of course . 
  if the deal was n't beneficial to britain , then why would the uk sign ? 
  the negotiations would just drag on . 
   what i am wondering , i guess , is how can uk win by doing this ? 
  by maintaining trade without immigration and eu laws mainly . 
  the uk would n't have voted to leave the ec , it 's just the union bit that triggered the rise of ukip . 
  the uk can win free trade , and win by getting out of the union and migration . 
   an interesting point , since the will of the people is clearly reflected in their choice of democratically elected mps , a majority of whom are pro-remain . 
  the elections were n't fought on remaining in the eu though , the referendum was . 
  inconvenient for the bits of the eu that do n't trade so much , disastrous for german manufacturing . 
   if push comes to shove , uk will have to take whatever they are given . 
  doubtful , considering the levels of trade and jobs associated with them . 
  pretty cool , does that mean you 're a triple citizen ? 
  it 's not snide , it 's a statement of fact . 
  the people voted out , ergo the uk is pulling out . 
   the entire leave camp is backpedalling full force and trying to avoid actually leaving for as long as possible , you do realise that every leaver wanted something different right ? 
  and that the government does n't want to conduct leave negotiations with a staunch remainer ? 
  it makes sense that they 'd want to change leadership , and then work out a deal that 'll satisfy all leavers different wants ( plus the remainers chipping in too ) . 
   it 's either stay in the single market and accept free movement ( and thus end up in a worse position than you were before ) or get that wonderful canadian-style immigration system and remain out of the free market , yes ? 
  you do realise that free trade is perfectly possible without being in the single market right ?
