  to name just a few countries : egypt , turkey , tunisia , south korea and mexico have free trade deals ; and the eu is in negotiations already with canada and the usa . 
   because , that being the case , martls6 's prediction that britain will pick the first option ( norway-style deal ) is rather likely to pan out , in a democratic fashion too . 
  i sincerely doubt it , but you 're welcome to believe it . 
  we 'll see after the negotiations happen . 
   the eu is 51 % of the uk 's trade both ways uh , no . 
  the actual figure is closer to 44 % actually . 
  in fact , uk trade has been shifting away from the eu for some time . 
   the uk does n't represent even the same order of magnitude of the eu 's trade well no , you 're right there , although it 's not quite an order of magnitude , the uk still [ accounts for 10.2 % of intra-eu trade ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/international_trade_in_goods ) . 
  all intra-eu trade was ~ $ 3,070 billion in 2015 , of which 10.2 % is $ 313.14 billion , or # 260.4 billion . 
  in 2016 , the us was the uk 's biggest partner ; but germany , france , the netherlands , ireland and switzerland are eu countries also in the top ten . 
  so no trade would hurt these countries significantly more than say , poland ( 1.3 % of trade ) . 
  wto rules would hurt those countries more than britain ( because of the trade deficit ) , and have little effect on the eu countries that do n't trade with us as much . 
  off the top of my head , that 's french wine and cheese plus german cars . 
  of course , britain can make bilateral trade deals faster than the eu , because the eu negotiators have to satisfy 27 countries , not just one . 
   and go back to wto or ceta rules . 
  still waiting on those negotiations , a free trade deal looks fairly likely , so this is all still pie in the sky . 
   withstand harder times for longer after losing the second biggest economy in europe ? 
  the eu have n't got a reason to push for a hard deal , because the lack of trade will harm their economy . 
  and trying to punish britain is only going to lead to more euroscepticism . 
  it 's in the interests of both sides to hammer out a free trade deal , and continue with european cooperation . 
  one example of cooperation is erasmus . 
  it 's not reliant on being an eu member state , and allows students to study all over europe . 
  of course , the eu could be bitter and refuse to allow the uk to remain ; but britain would just pull a switzerland and make their own deals with european universities . 
   including my own pretentious country . 
  france ? 
  pretentious ? 
  never !, 
   it 's the uk , not england . 
  and arguing and debate is a fundamental part of democracy . 
   the end of a political campaign which looks mostly as a power struggle among shameless liars both sides were pretty bad , yes . 
  but there 's no doubt or question ( aside from some standard idiots ) , that westminster is going to ignore a clear mandate from the people . 
   i received a letter by post to vote without doing anything your flair says albania , but your words imply britain ... 
  if you 're told you 're registered without registering , then someone else registered for you . 
  likely your parents . 
   put yourself in their position , why would you participate if you do n't even know what the eu is or does ? 
  put myself in my position ? 
  you could n't move for eu propaganda . 
  you could google it , go on wikipedia , talk to people . 
  not knowing what the eu is and does n't is n't an excuse , not when there 's so much information readily available . 
   in my view the brits wo n't leave anyway . 
  actually , in the uk we have this little thing called democracy . 
  means respecting the will of the people . 
  a massive export market for the eu ? 
  the uk has a big trade deficit , which means big sectors of the french , dutch , and german economies rely on british money buying their goods . 
  trade barriers will hurt both sides of the channel . 
  there have been massive pro-registration and voting drives , separate to actual election campaigns . 
  it 's hardly the fault of the education system that people registered to vote and then did n't bother . 
  i 'm not sure , it looks three-track to me . 
  joint foreign policy and military is still a bigger political union , even if it does n't go as far as federation . 
  confederation looks like a middle track between the ` lower ' trade tier , and the ` upper ' federal tier . 
   `` those numbers are not true . '', 
  you 're actually impossible to deal with . 
  not true ? 
  seriously ? 
  ffs i 've just shown why the numbers you gave do n't match up to mine , and yet you still still cling to this dumb narrative that if there 's two numbers , it must be the german one that 's correct . 
  stop blindly ignoring numbers from reputable sources and actually read them . 
   however it seems important to you for reasons unknown to me . 
  i think you 'll find that it was you who started arguing about the contribution actually . 
   yes , they are . 
  no , they 're not ? 
  negotiations have n't started yet , businesses have done nothing . 
  they 're not going to think about that until the negotiations are under way . 
   well then cite the actual law please . 
  do n't try and spin this , i 've already asked you multiple times to cite the law in your favour , and you 've ignored me because you ca n't prove anything . 
  but here , a gesture of goodwill , if you know what that means . 
  [ `` a mobility clause says employees have to move within certain limits . 
  it means that employers can normally force their employees to move to places allowed by the clause , unless this is completely unreasonable . 
  '' ] ( https://www.gov.uk/employer-relocation-your-rights ) , for example , moving to another country when that 's not in the contract . 
  how about this : [ reasons you might not want to go to the new location could include  ( https://www.nidirect.gov.uk/articles/relocation-work ) increased travel costs and time if you need to move house not being able to afford a house at the new location not wanting to leave your current home your family situation , like having older parents who need you to care for them your children 's education no employment tribunal is going to take the view that a different country is a reasonable distance away from london . 
   but they are n't in the common market . 
  so no `` the city '' anymore for the uk . 
  but they trade with the common market without restrictions . 
  you do n't need to be part of a country 's market , only have access to it . 
   you will not get any exemption in the negotiations . 
  if the eu would give you any it could mean that other countries start believing leaving is a good idea . 
  ca n't have that . 
  [ again , merkel disagrees with you there . 
  pardon me if i take the word of the chancellor of germany over a random redditor . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36630326 )  the uk has to buy foreign-made cars because they do n't have any of their own , they 'll just be more expensive to you . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've heard . 
  do you normally spout rubbish like this ? 
  [ the financial times has forecast that annual uk vehicle production will exceed its historic peak level ( achieved in 1972 ) by 2017 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automotive_industry_in_the_united_kingdom#production_forecast ) same page shows high levels of manufacturing already in the uk , of multiple types of cars . 
  and that 's ignoring free trade deals with other countries that produce large quantities of cars , like the usa and japan . 
  german industry is at risk of losing uk markets is tariffs are introduced , and merkel knows that , and has elections next year . 
  not generally wise to go into elections and tell people that they 're going to be made redundant because of your policy . 
   recession is a fact you just do n't want to believe because your country made the most idiotic decision ever . 
  recession is a fact you desperately want to believe , despite all evidence pointing towards that not happening . 
   but hey , you can still hope that parliament wo n't actually leave the eu . 
  does the house of lord get a veto on that ? 
  maybe they have some sense in them . 
  oh look , a sensible question hidden between two not-so-subtle insults . 
  if it was up to parliament , we 'd still leave as remain mps have already pledged to honour the vote ( cos , you know , democracy ) . 
  leaving is an act of government however , nothing to do with parliament . 
  and the house of lords ( lords is plural ) , is a strictly advisory chamber that can only delay legislation . 
  it 's purpose is to only propose amendments to bills , not cancel them . 
  it 's actually a pretty neat idea , having technocrats in parliament . 
   apparently they are using the wrong numbers stop being so closed minded . 
  it would appear that you 're looking at an average figure , not the most recent nominal figures . 
  perhaps if you 'd said that you were looking at the 2007-2013 averages then there would n't be this confusion .
