  it proves that more people care about the uk than the eu . 
   and it is n't a federal state . 
  i never said it was , but it wants to be one , and the uk does n't want a part of that . 
  it is , however , also a political union , which britain * also * did n't one . 
  hence the out vote . 
   that is n't possible if eu does n't want it ( and it does n't  ) at the negotiating table are you :p ? 
  leaders have already said they 're going to continue working with their friends the brits . 
  free trade only helps economies , there is no reason to deny it , and merkel has said that there 's no need to be nasty in talks . 
  sure the eu is big economically , so is the uk . 
  but europe is n't just about economics , and neither is the uk . 
  culturally and diplomatically , there are still going to be massive ties . 
   like freedom of movement ? 
  ( no , they have to have it ) why do n't you get this ? 
  they do n't have to have it . 
  the eu has close trade partners who do n't have it , so why should the uk ? 
  why are you convinced that an * eu * cornerstone is relevant in purely trade talks to an independent britain ? 
   no country decide uniterally to ignore a regulation with the eu . 
  it is agreed by the more powerfull part ( eu ) or not and then the less powerfull part ( uk ) has to agreed to have access to the market . 
  that 's what is called negotiation . 
  nonsense . 
  the uk is not going to play along with european regulations for its domestic market , we 're not some sort of vassal state . 
  if a country wants to trade with someone else , then trade goods have to abide by two sets of regulations . 
  the eu has not right and no power to try and enforce , for example , regulations on car emissions to british cars on british roads . 
  british cars on german roads , sure , but that 's eu internal . 
  the former is britain internal . 
   and everybody is pissed of with the fact that after 40 years of constant negativity and cherry-picking from uk they finally leave . 
  even when you are ready to leave , you are pissing of other countries by not starting the divorce and maintaining instability but i guess that is a favourable context to insure good terms for uk . 
  do n't expect a better deal then what you had . 
  after constant talks , growth and friendship , you 're ignoring what the uk has contributed to europe ? 
  okay then , but eu leaders disagree with you . 
  this is a time of change in british politics , our prime minister has resigned because he lost , and we need another one before negotiations . 
  a couple of months delay is n't much besides the minimum of two years negotiations . 
   i was speaking about overinflation ego people of the out camp . 
  the one that want to meddle with everybody 's affairs but ca n't stand that others say a word in theirs . 
  what meddling is the out camp engaging in exactly ? 
  and do n't talk about ego , remain was convinced the apocalypse would happen in the case of brexit , but the british economy is as strong as ever . 
   that 's why aele was found in 1960 and britan asked to join in 1961 . 
  you 've got your facts mixed up , britain formed efta/aele in january 1960 , and left in 1973 . 
   i wo n't even discuss about the end : you are ignorant and do n't even check simpliest facts like that one . 
  you can name call and ignore me all you want , but that does n't change the fact that british growth picked up under thatcher , a decade after joining the eec . 
  pretty sure that studying this in depth , in the country in question , means i 'm not ignorant on the matter . 
   come on ... no one ever thought this would happen . 
  this referendum may not have come as a surprise , but an actual brexit most definitely does . 
  you ca n't deny this . 
  some leave-voters only voted leave , because they thought nothing was going to happen . 
  you do n't know that though , because there were no opinion polls about the different factors , only the overall question . 
  saying scotland voted in because of the eu is just guesswork . 
   but it does prove that some parts of the population wants independence that 's never been contested ? 
  polls have shown around 42 % support for independence , i 've never denied that . 
  but 42 % is nowhere near a majority . 
   they are not . 
  the circumstances have since changed , rendering those numbers useless . 
  they are the most recent polls though , and until there are more , they are most relevant to gauging public opinion . 
  numbers do mean something though , more people voted for the uk than for the eu . 
  that 's democracy in action . 
  you might as well say we should have elections every three months because people might change their minds . 
   the lack/delusion of being an empire seems to play a big part in the uk foreign policy , even if that empire itself is a thing of the past it may look that way , but britain never thinks about the empire . 
   britain today tries to play with the big boys in iraq e.g. 
  but it 's hardly comparable to former naval power . 
  britain has one of the world 's top militaries , second only to the usa according to various independent surveys . 
  britain is a global power , the usa a super power , and everyone else a regional power and below . 
  sure , the military is a lot smaller than at the height of britain 's strength where is directly ruled a fifth of the world , but it 'd be a mistake to call it a small power . 
  i think you 'll find that if germany wants to sell something to canada , everything it sells must abide by canadian regulations . 
  in the eu 's case , it is the eu that makes regulations for everyone that everyone internally had to abide by on everything . 
  with brexit , the uk only has to follow those regulations on things it wants to sell to eu members , and will follow canadian regulations on goods being sold to canada . 
  the eu is n't forcing standards on anyone , it 's just that they 're refusing goods that meet those standards , as literally every country in the world is able to do . 
   which are a significant reason the city has such global standing . 
  they are the gate to the european single market for global financial transactions . 
  and the sole fact of there existing two seperate kinds of rules for uk - eu und inner uk transactions will cause a huge increase in transaction costs and therefore a competitive disadvantage to uk banks , even in global markets . 
  there are different rules between every country in the world . 
  uk-eu regulations wo n't be all that different , except it wo n't have to always abide by eu ones . 
  transaction costs already exist , because the uk is n't in the eurozone , and other countries around the world do n't use the euro or sterling , but the city is still a financial hub . 
   south korea only has a classic free trade agreement with the eu , which is significantly less than full access to the single market , like switzerland and norway have . 
  south korea has complete free trade except for a few tariffs on agricultural goods . 
  that means they have near full access to the single market , as there are n't restrictions on goods or services ( which the eu wants to be liberal for third countries anyway ) . 
  the only aspect south korea does n't have access to is free movement of people . 
  they have nearly equal access compared to places like switzerland . 
   and to compare the usa and britain is downright laughable , the uk is a small fish in a big pond compared to the usa . 
  you 've got your facts a little wrong i 'm afraid . 
  the uk is small compared to the usa , but it 's still one of the biggest economies in the world , bigger than most countries in the eu in fact . 
   you are severly overestimating the value of uk trade if you think the eu will compromise their core values just to get said trade tariff free . 
  seeing as the uk has a big trade deficit with the eu , meaning they import more than they export , tariffs will harm the uk a lot more than they harm the eu . 
  again , not quite . 
  uk trade is valuable to the eu because of the trade deficit . 
  france , germany , switzerland and the netherlands export a lot of goods to the uk , which is an important market to them . 
  free trade is important for those countries . 
  sure , countries that do n't trade so much like slovakia do n't have as much incentive , but it 's not going to harm them either . 
  tariffs are going to harm both sides , free trade wo n't . 
  that deal did n't take the uk out of political institutions that already exist though . 
  it simply watered down the future for the uk . 
  your link to the results quite clearly show that people did n't think it was enough . 
  immigration was n't limited at all , and benefits were only set to be phased in . 
   do you even know what federalization is ? 
  to be working , a common market must have a certain level of integration . 
  yes , i keep telling redditors here that i know what words mean . 
  i 'll be honest , i 'm getting a little tired of it . 
  i said that there was a political union already , you 're agreeing with me there but say you disagree ? 
  we must be on different wavelengths . 
  britain voted against the political eu , and free movement , it 's perfectly possible to have free trade without that . 
  just look at canada and the usa .
