  plenty of countries have trade deals with the eu and single market without being part of it . 
  as an * ecb official * , he 's trying to boost confidence by claiming the eurozone is better off without the uk , hardly a neutral source on the matter . 
   the city * will * move to the continent * if * the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  the city * wo n't * move to the continent * when * the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  some eu jobs might float over to britain though , seeing as countries worldwide are already lining up to get trade deals . 
   in an illegal war , i think you missed that part . 
  think you 'll find the rest of the country was against it too actually , it was the westminster bubble that decided to go in . 
  or did you miss the massive stop the war demonstration in london ? 
   no it 's not a leading force but it really is . 
  big economy , most soft power , second most important military , good relations with most of the world , permanent seat on the un security council . 
  how is that not a leading force ? 
   it 's a fucking embarresment and a stain on scotlands arse well , that 's a matter of opinion , not objective fact . 
  well i 've got to try , 
   yeah and it 's our soldiers getting sent overseas to fight in illegal wars , whilst ruk sat back and laughed at the dying scots ... oh wait , that 's not what happened , it was all of the uk fighting . 
   look accept it the uk is dead and buried , get used to that fact , also get used to the fact that your country is about to be run by racists pardon me if i do n't believe you for a second . 
  everyone 's entitled to their opinion , but no-one believes the country has just destroyed itself . 
   the uk is not the leading force in the world not * the * leading force , no . 
  but a leading force , yes . 
  please do n't deny that , there is mountains of evidence that it is , and zero evidence it is not . 
   turst me you 'll feel better or your country really will be in the shitter for decades to come because no one will want to know you still our country at the moment  scotland is still part of the uk . 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  government expenditure and revenue * scotland * is run by the tories ? 
  it 's literally a report published by the scottish government . 
  no , fifth . 
  despite what the papers say , the stock market is n't the same as gdp . 
  edit . 
  [ here 's a source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/eu-referendum-result-has-the-french-economy-really-overtaken-the-uk-in-size-since-last-night-a7101361.html ), 
  the empire ? 
  really ? 
  scotland played a leading role in setting up and administrating the * british * ( not english ) empire . 
  and yeah , the uk is leading force in the world . 
  second best military , fifth biggest economy , most soft power in the world . 
  sounds pretty good to me . 
  and what arrogance exactly ? 
  is believing in maths arrogance now ? 
  but the fact is we do . 
  that 's not the media saying that , it 's the scottish govt , the uk govt , the ifs , think-tanks and other independent people . 
  [ do n't believe me ? 
  how about the scottish government ? 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/publications/2016/03/3692 ) that scottish enough for you ? 
  well apparently scotland does n't want any . 
  but the idea is that they could get an eighth , seeing as they 're eight percent of the country . 
  i do n't know what you 're going on about . 
  scotland spends more than it raises , that 's a fact accepted by everyone except you . 
  or are you telling me that scotland 's existence means the uk magically creates extra money to spend on scotland . 
   love us when you feel like it you mean . 
  england has always loved the union , despite being regularly shit on by nationalists . 
  i think you 're getting a little hysterical with all these insults . 
  i do n't care that the ruk subsidises scotland , that 's how redistribution works . 
  oil money went all over the uk . 
   you give us back a percentage of our money through barnett more money is spent in scotland than is raised in scotland . 
  that 's hm treasury literally giving you an extra # 15billion a year , and funding a ten percent deficit . 
   we were part of a country who ripped the pish outta us for years . 
  you what ? 
  england loves scotland , we buy all our stuff , holiday up there , and love the scottish people . 
  conversely , in the independence campaign , yes scotland singled out the english and blamed all their woes on them . 
  that 's scotland insulting england , not the other way round . 
  i would n't say doomed , although it would hurt economies on both side of the channel . 
  but it 's two-thirds of exports directly to the uk , not going onwards . 
  only 15 % of scottish exports go to the eu , more exports go to the rest of the world than that . 
   hsbc would not move to london . 
  the boss of hsbc warned of capital flight and backed no , it 's definitely a risk . 
   london is about to lose its passporting benefits , and its euro trade no , it 's not . 
  it 's likely that there will be very few , if any , controls on trade between the eu and uk . 
  and small tax rises ? 
  after the referendum , experts say that they 'd have been tax rises of 12 % across the board , and that does n't take into account the oil price crash . 
   and that does not give you automatic right to steal every penny to spend on shit like trident and hs2 but you 're part of a bigger country , that wants these things . 
  in fact , hs2 is planned to go up to edinburgh . 
  and oil money ? 
  again , part of the uk , spent all over the uk . 
  or did you want to talk about how the ruk subsidises scotland to the tune of # 15billion a year ? 
  okay , hypothetically , scotland 's doing better than expected . 
  in the hypothetical realm though , you might lose business ( like hsbc ) to south of the border . 
  more importantly , you 'd have to start paying for a civil service infrastructure in scotland , which you do n't have at the moment ( not to the extent of westminster ) . 
  but the deficit is still 10 % , the largest in europe . 
  no accounting is that bad . 
   and with the full range of excise taxes , consumption taxes , etc we can rebalance the economy fully toward equilibrium . 
  so higher taxes , gotcha . 
   plus , we can slash things like defense spending down to 2 % of gdp as well as send certain subs outside glasgow down south . 
  there 's lots of things we can do . 
  i think uk spending is exactly 2 % of gdp already actually . 
  and sending trident south ? 
  trident costs sod all per year , and would only save scotland # 35 - # 40million annually . 
   slashing benefits is only the first goto idea of a certain mindset that says taxes and revenue can never increase . 
  you ca n't increase the size of scotland 's economy 10 % overnight , otherwise the uk government would have already done it , and celebrated the increased development of scotland . 
  edit . 
  trident costs , maths was a little off . 
  scotland 's part of the uk . 
   we are not running a deficit , westminster is , because what holyrood 's power means is that we can portion out money from a set annual grant to things we want to do . 
  okay then , post independence , you need to find # 15billion worth of cuts . 
  that 's 9.7 % of scottish gdp . 
  maybe use the new spending and tax powers to balance that out if you remain in the uk . 
  spending in scotland , by westminster and scotland combined , is higher than tax raised there . 
  by # 15billion . 
  that 's a deficit . 
   if we were to structure our oil industry regulations exactly the same way as westminster does in a future independent scotland , then you might have a point . 
  however , 100 % of tax generated from a barrel of oil costing $ 50 is far better than 8 % of the tax generated . 
  that 's a good point !, 
  too bad it does n't hold up . 
  [ in the last five years , scottish public sector revenue has been between # 45 and # 53 billion a year - the former excluding income from the north sea and the latter including the illustrative geographical share .
