  i 'll take the word of established historical experts on the period instead . 
  there are more polite ways to agree to disagree you know . 
  historians do n't treat it it as a clear-cut case . 
   and doing fuck-all about it . 
  they did nothing to help . 
  they just sat and wait . 
  apart from quitting the army and taking troops away from james . 
  voting in parliament to accept william . 
  reading out his declaration to accept him . 
  not declaring for james or sending him any aid . 
  oh wait , the only way you can declare for someone is to run screaming with your sword drawn at the other guy . 
   which we know william considered to be inferior ; and rightly so not rightly so , since it 's believed that if james attacked , he could have won . 
  a 2-1 advantage where the enemy has to rely on supply lines is n't turned around just by veteran troops . 
  william was being deliberately cautious because he was trying to be a liberator , and to be accepted as such . 
  pitched battles and foraging/plundering would turn him into a conqueror . 
   which is irrelevant if the dutch army has already landed on your shores without your navy being able to stop it . 
  it 's also not true ; the dutch navy was bigger than the english navy at the time . 
  the latter had only 59 ships of the line versus 70 ships of the line for the republic . 
  and only 15 of the english ships were even out at sea at the time because the rest were being repaired/outfitted . 
  james moved the ships away because he did n't think william would engage without securing naval dominance . 
  by refusing battle , he thought william would be forced to withdraw , and wait until next year where james may have consolidated his position . 
  the dutch fleet of 460 odd ships may have been large , but let 's not forget that this includes supply ships , landing craft and transports . 
  most of the dutch ships were small and low in cannon numbers ( high rate ships being put aside for winter on both sides ) , and the english could have matched the dutch if they 'd had their heavies ready ( that they did n't ultimately cancelled the possible engagements ) . 
  in fact , the dutch fleet was near the english one multiple times , but tides and wind kept them apart . 
  the dutch had the advantage , but the english could have done serious damage if they 'd played their cards right , it 's not unusual for a smaller fleet to defeat a larger one . 
  not sure where you 're getting the 70 number from . 
  i count 49 warships ( eight third-rates and nine frigates ) plus 28 galliots and nine fireships . 
  total of 86 battleships , but only 49 ships of the line . 
  not all of the republic was mobilised . 
   in fact , the only reason the english navy was bigger than the dutch navy in the years after was because william ordered a massive shipbuilding program . 
  james had already started the program since he was financially smart and had a generous tax power from the last parliament . 
  william continued it , but the bigger part here was the 5:3 ratio william enforced , not the shipbuilding . 
   going dutch . 
  double dutch . 
  dutch courage . 
  dutch wife . 
  dutch uncle . 
  dutch treat . 
  a dutch roll . 
  dutch oven . 
  dutch agreement . 
  taking a dutch leave . 
  you claimed that they were common negative phrases and sayings . 
  well , i 'd forgotten about dutch courage , but it 's not negative seeing as it comes from english soldiers getting courage from dutch gin . 
  going dutch is a way of splitting a bill , i do n't know how you can see that as negative . 
  i 've literally never heard of the others , but it looks like treat is another phrase for going dutch , uncle is north american , and roll is based on planes . 
   the existence of all of them clearly indicates there used to be a fierce rivalry . 
  a dozen sayings , two of which are used , all neutral . 
  that 's not rivalry , and language does n't show off rivalry either . 
   i think we 're pretty much done discussing this the issue is n't facts which everyone is agreed on . 
  the issue is motivations and definitions , which people are split on . 
  i was going to say the same when you accused me . 
  still , if you 're resorting to petty attacks i guess the discussion is over . 
  sure , britain had fought a few wars with the dutch ( plus one later ) over trade , but william was by rights a british noble and heir to the throne due to charles i being his grandfather . 
  the army was his , and following the orders of william the heir , not william the stadtholder . 
   ran around england unchecked marched slowly to london where they were hailed as liberators , before william and mary were crowned as parliament kicked out the catholics . 
   batttle of the boyne two years afterwards . 
  james abdicated , or abandoned , his throne , and william was crowned . 
  this was part of the jacobite war ( in ireland ) , not part of the glorious revolution . 
  that ended when william was crowned and james ran away . 
   forcible deposition of a monarch by a foreign power it 's hardly forceful when james did n't fight and had to run away first . 
  and i would n't call it a foreign power really either . 
  william was the prince of orange , but he was also closely in line to the british thrones . 
  he just happened to have a foreign title as well , hardly unusual considering the plethora of foreign marriages . 
   oh boy are you ever uninformed . 
  the french army on his doorstep was precisely why he invaded in the first place . 
  incorrect , he could n't afford to invade whilst the french army was on his doorstep , and could only do so when louis fell out with austria over a religious matter in cologne . 
  with the french busy elsewhere , william had a chance to move troops . 
   the glorious crossing there was a guarantee that the french would n't invade . 
  they were busy fighting the hre with the ottomans . 
  william had a brief chance to turn the british isles to his cause whilst the french could n't invade the republic . 
   whatever keeps your precious english pride intact british would be more accurate than english . 
  sure william had plans , but that 's hardly unusual . 
  the usa has plans in case they need to invade canada , that does n't mean they 're going to . 
  serious preparations being asking for an english invitation ? 
  william may have been preparing but he was n't going to move without some indication that parliament would accept him , otherwise he 'd be chucking away half the dutch army and leaving the republic defenceless . 
   the seven were not at all representative of the mood at the time ; and acted on their own . 
  beyond the anti-catholic riots , army desertions ( being forced to eventually disband it ) , issues with his catholic beliefs , and many nobles declaring for william whilst james was still in london with his privy counsel . 
   an invasion force given that london was occupied by a dutch army with a strength of 20,000 soldiers and 1700 cannons and the size of the invasion fleet glossing over the strength of james ' forces of about 30,000 men , plus the potential strength of french assistance which james refused . 
  and of course , that the royal navy was larger than the dutch equivalent . 
   as it has so many modern englishmen i love how every continental seems to think that everyone with a british flair must be english , despite it being the most ridiculous assumptions i 've seen . 
  i think you 'll find that the gr is n't actually taught either , and that historians are split on how to define it . 
   what matters is that you all feel good about your history says the dutchman . 
  i could say the same thing about you . 
   yes , the dutch and british were rivals no , because there was never that much anti-dutch settlement in britain . 
  france was the biggest concern , alongside the catholics . 
  the netherlands briefly rivalled britain thanks to their commercial success , but it was short-lived . 
   look at how many negative phrases and sayings exist in the english about the dutch ; which have now passed over into general use go on then . 
  name some . 
  we have a few words of modern dutch origin , and a bunch more from old dutch thanks to the normans . 
  but to think we have a bunch of commonly used negative sayings about the dutch is ridiculous . 
   the only accurate way to describe a foreign army occupying your capital a foreign army led by a british heir with a british wife who happened to have a foreign title . 
  and britain did n't fight back ? 
  and london was occupied because same leader ordered the brits out without any treaties or trickery . 
  uh-huh . 
   william threathened [ sic ] them yes , threatened to go back to the netherlands if james came back and he was only regent . 
  and he was happy for mary to be co-queen and preference in succession to go to anne rather than any of his potential children . 
  hardly the actions of a conqueror . 
   aside from the fact that william was obviously the one in power yes , because mary made it quite clear that she wanted to be second to her husband and had no interest in ruling . 
  william granting succession to anne and giving up on his own potential issue proved that although he ruled , it was n't as a conqueror .
