  but in case you 're not persuaded , [ a user on the donald compiled some stats ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4pogig/googlemsm_at_it_again_theyve_been_pushing_this/ ) which shows little to no changing trends . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  [ take it from google , ] ( https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=flowers%2c%20what%20is%20eu%2c%20euro%202016&amp;geo=gb&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=etc%2fgmt%2b7 ) with little search difference between ` flowers ' and ` the eu . ', 
  it 's an entirely false narrative . 
   against of course . 
  you say `` of course '' as if it 's obvious , but i 'm afraid i do n't see that . 
  why are you against the uk 's participation in erasmus exactly ? 
   you can fire and will fire all your employees when you close your office in london . 
  they can get new contracts in frankfurt . 
  well , no , that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not how anything works . 
   and as far as i read most of the banks have to move because they have to be located inside a euro-zone country and only got a special exemption last time that the uk would be good enough . 
  got a source for that ? 
  sounds like bullshit to me . 
   your maths provide a better number though thanks . 
  it could be a good drop , but right now we 're circlejerking a need for polls   do you think the eu will decline now the uk has left ? 
  i 'm not dismissing this , but i want to know what you think is the future of the eu . 
  kind of yeah , the uk poured a lot of money into it , and was the main voice championing restraint and market expansion . 
  eu leaders have already called for heightened federalisation despite growing euroscepticism , and with britain leaving that does open the way for other countries to vamoosh . 
  also , scotland would n't get any of the uk 's opt-outs . 
  without many farmers , they 're likely to be a net contributor ( if a small one ) , and would have to adopt the euro against the rest of the country with the pound . 
  the cta plus schengen will complicate things , but not nearly as much as free movement . 
   the rest of the uk , if they leave , will like this i imagine . 
  why would she not want independence now , you think ? 
  yes , obviously she ca n't negotiate directly with brussels as she 's a minor politician , but scotland will be involved in exit negotiations at the westminster level . 
  she wo n't want it now because there 's even more uncertainty than 2014 . 
  scotland has n't solved its deficit , and oil is becoming a drain on tax receipts because subsidies are beginning to be higher than government tax income . 
  again , there are n't any uk opt-outs it could possibly claim , and it would n't be in the eu because britain has already left as a whole . 
  for brussels , it does n't matter what scotland voted , because it 's an internal part of the uk . 
  the snp is still swinging on the pound versus the euro too . 
  and the [ snp is split on brexit , with polls suggesting that around a third of them back brexit . ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4610a46e-3ae2-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html#axzz4ch4gcggn ) . 
  but mainly , she does n't have polls suggesting a colossal swing to independence . 
  without that , even if the polls are slightly ahead in her favour , there 's a chance of losing the vote . 
  and then she 'll be accused of neverendums , ignoring the will of the people , and support will drop off ; just like in quebec . 
  finally , she ca n't just call a referendum . 
  she lost a majority in scotland , and whilst the greens support independence and could push her support to over 50 % , that is n't guaranteed . 
  edit . 
  autobot says the ft is behind a paywall , but i 'm not getting one . 
  yeah , the media will lie and twist figures to sell as many papers as they can . 
  sucks really . 
   i expect these people to stick to their decision and pressure their politicians to enact article 50 asap ironically , this is n't universal . 
  the lib dems are already campaigning to rejoin the eu , and there 's a petition to retrospectively add constraints to turnout and the vote to make the result invalid . 
  there are lots of bitter losers on here and r/uk . 
   i can accept that , but how the fuck does that make it more reasonable . 
  it is still a retarded vote for them . 
  because the eu structural funds are n't working . 
  there are a lot of failed projects in wales that look pretty , but do n't actually do anything or provide many , if any , jobs . 
  the only real successes are in cardiff proper , and are from the welsh government , because there are a bunch of marginal seats there ( welsh labour assuming that working class people will always vote for them ) . 
   we have people with degrees working in mcdonalds whilst some thick twat is a manager in retail now because he got fastracked through an apprenticeship with special treatment ` cos he was a stupid bugger . 
  ah , i wish . 
  i have a first , but i 'm rejected from retail because i 'm `` overqualifed . '', 
  sure i 'd leave for a better job , but it 's not as if there are any , otherwise i would n't apply to bloody asda would i ? 
  nigh impossible to get any good jobs , because surprise surprise , i 'm unwilling to take an unpaid internship in london that 'll cost me 5 grand to get to every year . 
  good ol' experience trap . 
   now , before you berate me , understand that i 'm only 30 . 
  so , historically , labour might have stood for something different , but in my lifetime after 15 years of a labour government , this is all i 've ever known from them . 
  i 'm not even 25 yet ... all i 've known under labour is massive overspending and shitty transport links . 
  all i 've known of the tories is tax cuts , right-to-buy and better growth than the continent . 
  not a difficult voting decision . 
  i 'm working class , but i 'm in the south and not london , so labour does n't give a damn about me . 
  my constituency is a lib-cons one , but the lib dem kept banging on about the constitution and reforming the lords . 
  tories are focused on the current economy , not what it 'd be nice to spend money we do n't have on . 
  and corbyn ? 
  my college i went to is the sixth-form for the falklands , some lovely people from there who want to be brits , but apparently corbyn does n't care about that . 
  tories are the only party that seem to be competent . 
  hope that does n't look too ranty : /, 
  not sure , libs have collapsed now . 
  thought you might have voted for miliband if you were labour core , but i think i can understand why you did n't . 
  honestly , if any party actually starts investing properly outside of london and its commuter belt , i think they 'll be elected regardless of traditional affiliations . 
  do you know who you 'll vote for instead ? 
   the uk paid $ 12.1 b to the eu and got $ 6.7 b back for a net of $ 5.4 b in 2010 . 
   that 's the actual eu numbers right from the source . 
  well , it was n't particularly helpful to link to a german pdf , but you appear to be using different figures . 
  [ the government sends # 8.5 billion a year to the eu ] ( http://www.ifs.org.uk/tools_and_resources/budget-european-union ) , another source for you . 
  [ here 's another source ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/03/eu-explainer-easily-bored-cost-uk ) . 
  that does n't include direct payments to non-government entities ( such as university research ) . 
  where contributions fall to # 6.7 billion . 
  but it 's still a net gain for the eu , seeing as however you look at it , the uk is a net contributor . 
   i 'm actually surprised we paid a net of $ 15 billion euros , that 's quite a lot . 
  do you hear us complaining , though ? 
  in fact we would have to pay over a billion euros less if we would n't have given thatcher your special snowflake rebate because you are sooo special . 
  gosh , the germans pay more money into a german-centric project !, 
  colour me surprised !, 
  perhaps if germany wanted to pay less money , it should have joined the uk in voting for the eu budget to be reduced ? 
  or perhaps demand a rebate or other reduction for itself ? 
  you 're the de facto leaders for the eu , you could have got it if you wanted it . 
  but you did n't want it , so stop complaining that the uk did . 
   exactly , they pay for the privilege of trading . 
  and the privilege of free movement . 
  south korea , tunisia , mexico , the usa ? 
  they do n't , and wo n't be paying for the privilege of trading . 
  norway and switzerland are the exception here , not the standard . 
   which is the whole point of the eu in the first place since over fourty years . 
  not quite , the eu has n't actually been around that long . 
  the uk was n't as committed as france and germany , and it 'd be a mistake to assume we were . 
  but now , for the future of the uk , there definitely * wo n't * be the half-union that already exists , and the full-union that 's projected for the future . 
  although , if the eu is smart , it 's not going to go full steam ahead right away , as that 'll just boost euroscepticism on the continent even more . 
   pretty sure we ejected switzerland because they put a limit on migration . 
  turkey and macedonia ? 
  seriously ?
