  it does n't matter what you or the eu want , because you ca n't impose it on britain . 
  and fta ? 
  novel ? 
  free trade and globalisation are a major part of the world economy , it 's not some sort of fantasy to imagine the uk getting an fta with the eu . 
  au contraire , the deal also has to please the uk , otherwise it wo n't be signed . 
   and they need it more and faster than the eu . 
  actually , markets appeared to have recovered . 
  the eu is still trading with the uk , and needs access to the british market to keep jobs , same as with the uk . 
  britain has been proven to not been in a rush , the eu is ; looks like the eu needs a deal faster than the uk . 
  yes , the issue is the eu refusing to negotiate . 
  the swiss passed a referendum , it 's attempting to limit free movement ; that 's not part of my imagination . 
   no , the erasmus program is not a part of the free movement pillar . 
  yes , but it is a part of the eu . 
  switzerland left it , and is still trading . 
  can you see where i 'm coming from ? 
   cameron should have sent the letter he 's not at the beck and call of the eu , and he is n't required to immediately though . 
  sorry , you 've inferred what i was n't implying . 
  sure , uk goods being sold to the eu will follow eu regulations , but only those goods being sold to the eu . 
  british cars on british roads and american roads wo n't follow eu regulations , even if british cars on german roads will . 
   if you want to sell your services on the eu market , then your labor needs to have free movement in the eu . 
  no , a hundred times no . 
  the eea does n't directly correspond to financial passporting rights , and neither does the eu . 
  the uk can remain part of mifid ( there are literally provisions for this in the current document ) , without signing up to free movement of labour . 
  no problem , i 'm into politics so it 's always nice to share , 
   cherry picking ? 
  arguably , britain has ended cherry picking . 
  it 's leaving the eu and all the opt-outs , and now just wants free trade . 
   yes britain could `` get it '' but first it is lost and will have to be wrestled from other interested financial capitals in europe . 
  wrong way round actually . 
  everyone is still in london . 
  it is n't lost , as this new deal will only be implemented as britain formally leaves the eu . 
  london wo n't have to persuade anyone to come back for the new deal , as they 'd have never lost . 
   to save the city , british leaders will drop their pants . 
  let 's consider things in the realm of possibility , shall we ? 
   yes , but the fact that you say it and then go on to provide examples that show the opposite means what you 're saying is wrong , do you realize this ? 
  the examples go onto show that you do n't have to be in the eu to get passporting rights , and being in the eea do n't necessarily lead to those same rights . 
  ergo , passporting rights are separate to both the eu and the eea , it 's a different deal . 
   you 've brought forth switzerland , which is precisely the example of a country that risks losing common market access because it wants to dispense with free movement . 
  but it still has both . 
  i 'm using switzerland as an example of a country that 's partially restricting free movement , and still has mainly full market access through bilateral treaties . 
  for example , they were kicked out of erasmas , and promptly made their own bilateral agreements . 
  net result , no change . 
   consequently , i deduce that you agree with me , no , you 're reinterpreting what i 'm saying to agree with your own narrative , and ignoring the fact that i 'm disagreeing . 
  okay then , let 's both dispense with the insults . 
   i do n't believe the uk represents 50 % of their trade for any of these countries ; in fact , looking it up , the uk is 7.1 % of german exports and 7.3 % of the french ones . 
  that 's a far cry from the percentage of uk trade to the eu . 
  percentage of uk trade to the eu ca n't be compared to percentage of uk trade to individual countries in the eu . 
  you implied that i said this , by comparing trade figures which wo n't add up . 
  intra-eu trade is 10 % for the uk , but intra-eu trade includes trade between countries not involving the uk . 
  higher uk trade to the eu means nothing if you then do n't look at , for example , the percentage of french trade to the eu . 
  on the lse , they took a monthly figure and used that , instead of the annual figure of trade which shows a different story ( 44 % instead of 51 % ) . 
   i 'm comparing the percentages of trade that every country in the comparison risks jeopardizing with brexit . 
  the uk 's percentage is 51 % , while germany 's is 7.1 % , and france 's 7.3 % . 
  which is , of course , the only sensible comparison to make when evaluating total economic impact . 
  it 's not though . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but it 's worthwhile to make strictly bilateral comparisons too . 
  sure , the eu is sort-of in a stronger position ( sort of because they have 27 different opinions , instead of one ) , but you ca n't understate the net trade deficit britain has with the eu . 
  for closer trade partners , british trade means more and is worth more , and they 'll be pushing for free trade . 
  like greece , yeah . 
  that was a dumb shitshow all around . 
  the government accepted the result , got a few people to resign , and then negotiated a new bailout . 
  it was a stupid referendum , a stupid reaction , and completely pointless . 
   an early general election and a new government ( which could presumably state that it does not support the decision as made in june ) ? 
  yes , that 's right . 
  guessing that 's the fixed term parliament act ... yes i was right !, 
  some background . 
  it used to be that government 's had a mandate for a maximum of five years ( it used to be seven , but was reduced ) . 
  this meant that so long as they called an election before five years were up , they were legitimate . 
  elections are/used to be called by the queen , on advice of the pm . 
  so if you were feeling strong , you 'd call an election , increase your majority , and have another certain five years of government . 
  then you get to calls of no confidence . 
  if a government could n't pass a manifesto bill , or money bill ( the budget being the main money bill ) , then it was assumed that the commons had no confidence because the pm could n't command a majority in the house . 
  with the fixed term parliament act , which happened because our ` third ' party managed to be a junior coalition partner , the rules changed . 
  now elections were called at exactly five years , and you could n't call an early one to shortchange your opponent . 
  unless , of course , you got support of two-thirds of the house , which is pretty rare . 
  you can also be forced to call an election if you lose a specific vote of no-confidence , it ca n't be the failure of any bill , no matter how important it is . 
  of course , this is a bad thing , because it does n't reflect well on your ability to lead now , let alone after an election . 
  generally , anyone can propose a motion , but it does n't have to be debated , or voted on . 
  thatcher , however , did end the callaghan government with an [ early day ] motion . 
  so it 's possible , but you 'd have to have conservative rebels rebel and vote that they have no confidence in themselves . 
  that 's probably the only thing that could do it . 
   on that view , it 's not surprising the eu would like the uk to get on with it let 's not forget that the eu is ready and waiting , but the uk is not . 
  britain does n't want a remainer leading exit negotiations , that does n't make sense . 
  so they want to pick a new leader first , probably by october ( when the party conference is ) . 
   a temporary respite by that same logic , a temporary fall does n't either . 
   a bunch of credit agencies just downgraded the uk 's credit rating they did that before after the crash , there was no discernible change on the uk economy . 
  the usa 's is n't top either , and they 're growing pretty well too . 
  [ `` uk research suggests that immigration has a small impact on average wages of existing workers but more significant effects for certain groups : low-wage workers lose while medium and high-paid workers gain '' ] ( https://fullfact.org/immigration/immigration-and-jobs-labour-market-effects-immigration/ ) is an example . 
  that 's mainly because net migration is unskilled , and so fills up the lower jobs . 
  i would n't say in the uk , complex that it is , that migrants are responsible for all unemployment , but they do contribute . 
  why is why working class areas voted out , too much competition for jobs . 
   it 's perfectly possible , so long as you effectively join the common market and accept all its implications , like freedom of movement of people . 
  and i 've been saying all along , no . 
  free movement of people is part of the economic-political union , not the customs union . 
  obviously , we know that passporting rights are n't part of that , since switzerland needs bilateral treaties and does n't get it through the eea mifid . 
   so thank you for finally agreeing on the basic fact do n't be immature and try to put words into other peoples ' mouths . 
  free trade is n't restricted to goods , as capital is a part of trade . 
  it 's not a tariff barrier , it 's a regulatory barrier , which treaties can circumvent . 
  [ full reply here , since there 's two of you ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4q88yt/brexit_dearest_english_friends_thank_you/d4r5gop ) iceland , norway and liechtenstein have passport rights , switzerland does n't . 
  all eea though .
