  the snp did , however , extend the vote to 16 and 17 year olds , who were largely expected to vote out . 
  really , electorally speaking , the snp had a massive advantage . 
  they still lost , and the question has been settled , as promised by salmond , `` for a generation . '', 
  what ? 
  better together did n't promise the uk would remain , it was always up for debate . 
  public opinion was split on the eu , but heavily pro-referendum . 
  and 72 % turnout for exit is a pretty big mandate for brexit . 
  i wish i had the money to buy . 
  i 'd have bought a few minutes after opening and got a good return later in the day . 
  i do n't think it 'll recover to morning levels , but it will climb anyway because of growth , general confidence in the uk , and carney doing some good stuff . 
  it 'll be lower than it could have been without brexit , but not nearly as bad as the 2008 crash . 
  yes , but it 's ni that 's important here . 
  whilst public support is so low in ni there 's no point holding any polls in the roi . 
  well , no . 
  there is n't a direct correlation between yes scotland and remain , or any of the sides . 
  there have n't even been any polls yet . 
  let 's wait for them before we decide scotland wants to leave . 
  the ecsc existed to join french and german industry together so they 'd stop going to war every couple of decades . 
  the ec existed to create free trade , collaboration and cooperation between member states , and it was this which the uk originally voted to join forty odd years ago . 
  the eu is intended to be a fiscal/political union with more and more integration , it 's the only gear that people like juncker understand . 
  but it was only the uk elite that wanted that , and as today has shown , the uk population does n't want it . 
  sure , there will probably be a few trade barriers , but the eu and uk are important to each other . 
  for that matter , the eu still does n't have trade agreements with china and the usa despite being a ` trade organisation ' , and the uk is likely to get a better deal without having to compensate for 27 other countries . 
   fucked up insurmountably by brexiting the economy is n't going to turn into some sort of apocalypse . 
  the uk can survive perfectly well outside the eu , just like norway , switzerland and iceland ( who are n't being groomed by the way , since they have no intention of joining ) . 
  and the eu punishing a member that leaves ? 
  kneecapping the uk so that no-one else risks quitting ? 
  sounds like something the mafia would do . 
  i hope the exit is n't prevented , because the outside is n't as cold as people claim it 'll be for the fifth biggest economy in the world , and quite frankly , the people have spoken . 
  democracy is in action . 
  sturgeon and the snp have been threatening referendums over literally everything since the day they lost . 
  oh , the vow 's taking time to pass through parliament . 
  oh , we did n't vote for the tories but they 're in power . 
  oh , we got more mps than expected , more powers or separation . 
  the eu referendum is just the latest in the long line of excuses . 
  the distinction is because the uk is deciding the future of the uk as a whole . 
  scotland chose to remain a part of that . 
  i do n't think it 's dishonest really . 
  scotland knew there was going to be an eu referendum , and the snp claimed that the independence vote was a ` once in a generation ' occurrence . 
  to go back on that after the lowest turnout in the country , before negotiations have started ( even the informal ones ) , and before the new devolution settlement has been put in place , is in my opinion more disingenuous . 
  let scotland wait a while and see what the future holds . 
  i said elsewhere that they should wait three years , make up their minds , and then let the snp campaign for the 2020 scottish parliaments elections with a referendum in their manifesto . 
  they do n't currently have that mandate . 
  yeah , people say ftse but they never say which one . 
  still , it 's already recovering ( both indices ) . 
  i do n't think it 's going to stay at such a drop for the rest of the day . 
  the market is just being volatile , as it is wont to do . 
  they also voted to remain in the uk , with significantly higher turnout . 
  edit : 2 million for remain in the uk , 1.6 million for remain in europe . 
  yeah , scotland is pretty good at finance , just not in competition with london . 
  but the uk economy is n't dependent on workers on europe actually . 
  the main point of leave was that we had too much migration from europe ( double the net birth/death rate per year in fact ) . 
  we have a shortage of doctors and nurses , but the eu is n't helping with that . 
  less unskilled labour means more room for skilled people the country actually needs . 
  the economic change , well . 
  ftse has fallen a bit , but the shock is n't large and is likely to recover . 
  markets by nature are volatile . 
  the actual growth/gdp shock will be there , but i doubt we 'll move into recession . 
  it 'll be close , but i think just a slow-down in the short-term , with future growth dependent on negotiations . 
  have a nice night ( ten pm i think ? ), 
  too !, 
  they also decided to remain in the uk , on a much higher turnout . 
  sturgeon and the snp should be waiting and looking at negotiations and the opinion polls that follow them before going ultra vires and demanding another referendum . 
  they 're jumping the gun a bit , in my opinion . 
  because nato is a defensive organisation ? 
  it loses all meaning if it sides with the aggressor , and would break the treaty . 
  a lot of argentinians call britons pirates for defending the falklands against an invasion . 
  a bit like how you called gibraltar a `` small town of pirates . '', 
   you are just another brit believing you have some sort of superiority over the rest , cultural , racial , political , whatever uh , no ? 
  you could try being nice and polite ? 
  gibraltar 's economy is pretty reliant on spain , yes . 
  but i would n't say it 'll just end . 
  negotiations have n't started yet , we do n't know what kind of relationship the uk will have with the eu yet . 
  as leave supporters have put it , the eu is n't the sort of club you want to be in if it wants to kneecap people on exit , that 's more the mafia 's bag of tea . 
  and yeah , i expect a reasonable deal . 
  the uk is turning its back on the eu , not europe . 
  it 's not whether or not access to the single market will exist , it 's about the specifics or the trade deal that will happen . 
  the european market is important to the uk and vice versa . 
  the scottish people may have , with surprisingly low turnout , voted for remain ; but they also voted to remain in the uk , and it 's the uk as a whole that voted out . 
  you would n't have seen this sort of commentary from sturgeon 's opposites if scotland had kept the uk in the eu . 
  but scotland voted knowing the uk was going to have a referendum . 
  technically , there have n't been an material or physical changes yet , as negotiations have n't even started . 
  better for the snp to wait for them and see what the offer is before another referendum . 
  sturgeon saying she wants another one is jumping the gun a bit in my opinion . 
  wait three years , see what post-brexit britain is like , and then campaign for the scottish parliament 2020 elections for another referendum if they do n't like it . 
  we must be looking at different ftses . 
  i have ftse 100 at -3.9 % and ftse 250 at -8 % . 
  this is all short-term though , the market is overreacting to brexit , and is likely to recover most of the drop soon . 
  succession based on geography means that the bot of gibraltar is the successor state to the kingdom of gibraltar ? 
  pirates is a little over the top i think , you sound like an argentinian . 
  as for tax haven status , that 's because the eu has open borders . 
  a few more years and that 'll be less of a problem for spain . 
  maybe a third ? 
  there are n't any polls on it i know of because the republic 's opinion does n't matter . 
  the roi government generally accepts the status quo , and that it would cost them a lot of money . 
  the snp may say that , but i doubt the people of scotland want another referendum , let alone independence . 
  turnout for the eu referendum was down 17 % from the indy ref. , the lowest in the country . 
  scotland no as well . 
  the snp is very vocal , but they lost a referendum less than two years ago , and support for independence has n't gone up . 
  they had a referendum less than two years ago , and the snp do n't have a mandate to hold another one .
