  it 's also interesting how you think the eu pays out based on compliance , seeing as the 2013 reform mentions a target of just 30 % of these payments being linked to standards . 
  and i 'm not sure why you 're turning the the eu 's site to backup the argument that the cap works well , since it 's hardly a neutral source . 
   you are the one thinking that national economies exist in isolation , and that the cap still functioned like it did 35 years ago . 
  again , you 're making crap up for no discernible reason . 
  weird . 
  there is a global economy , but it 's not one system made up of perfectly identical sub-systems . 
  different countries have different economies , and different economies have different needs . 
  you ca n't make a one-size-fits-all policy and expect it to work , or had you not heard of the eurozone crisis ? 
    you know there 's a finite supply of land right ? 
  ca n't be a farmer if you ca n't buy a field . 
   the same applies in france . 
  you 're entirely missing the point . 
  the same applies all over the eu . 
  all land is owned by someone . 
  therefore , you ca n't become a farmer without buying land off another farmer . 
  but those farmers wo n't sell precisely because subsidies are so lavish . 
  they get paid for having land , so why would they ever sell it ? 
    right , but they 're in different countries you know ? 
   if the uk subsidizes something it 's also probably london that pays for the rest of the country . 
  should london then separate , based on the same reason ? 
  have you lost the plot or something ? 
  london is part of the same country as the rest of the uk . 
  it 's part of the national economy . 
  it 's not a separate agricultural economy . 
  france and the uk are two very different countries , each with different economies . 
  the situation is completely different . 
    the eu is n't a superstate , it makes sense to look at fiscal flows using national accounts . 
   i do n't see why that would matter . 
  the effectivity of the mutually agreed upon policy - does it achieve its goals - is what matters . 
  it matters because they 're different countries , different systems , different economies , different peoples . 
  sure , the cap may succeed in protecting farmers , whilst also driving up food prices and ensuring farmers never have to change . 
  and of course , i take it you mean that all the flaws are intentional . 
  but that does n't mean a national policy wo n't be better , as it 'll be tailored to each economy 's sector , and probably be more efficient . 
  the lack of cap reform and refusal to tailor to individual state needs means it is in desperate need of reform . 
  the current model just is n't sustainable . 
  it 's a piss-poor way of helping the agricultural sector , and a poor allocation of resources . 
    then why does 80 % of the cap go to 20 % of farms , all of them big ? 
   there are historical standards of payments grandfathered in , that we ca n't get rid of yet because of national veto powers . 
  right , vetoed by countries that are benefiting from them . 
  how marvellous . 
   those are conditional on ecological standards and land management . 
  and yet multiple reports from places such as the institute for european environment policy say that this is not the case . 
  cap regulations are not more stringent than old national law , which means farmers are paid to observe pre-existing laws against pollution and mistreatment of farm animals . 
  seems like an unusual practice to you ? 
  as for inspections , there 's an inspection rate of rough 1.3 % , and penalties are generally based upon the minimum possible amount - just 1 % of receipts . 
  in some cases , breaches are actually considered ` unintentional ' , and so no penalty is even applied . 
  there are problems with doing payments based on land size too . 
  people are being subsidised for owning land , rather than production , which means farmers with small capacity struggle more . 
  since modern economies are shifting towards vertical-integrated food systems , it further distorts the need/payment scale . 
  but wait , it 's worse . 
  because subsidies are based on land and not production type , you can have land-intensive farms being subsidised for having large grazelands , but have low-farm income because of the inherent unprofitability of this production . 
  payments are n't capped either , and not do they take into account other sources of income . 
  it does n't matter if you have multiple trade deals , if it results in full single market access . 
  access is trading , that 's what it means . 
   just the parts that pertain to the single market which would still be keeping eu law , which the uk would be required to pass even if it disagreed with . 
  fair enough . 
  but that just means the uk negotiates separate deals with those three countries , it does n't damage the leave case really . 
   again that is your opinion and subjective observation it 's generally accepted that continuing free movement and keeping all of brussels ' directives would be eu by the back door . 
  i 've only seen remainers advocate this model . 
  sure , the uk could actually have more trade deals , but they could n't stop free movement ( the so-called ` break ' being nothing new , or going far enough ) . 
  luckily , may is the kind of person who accepts results , so despite being a remainer , she 'll make free movement a red line . 
  1 : sure , i understand that . 
  but the uk does n't want , and never wanted , to be part of an economic union . 
  hence the problem with the subsidies . 
  hence the reason to vote leave . 
  2 : right , influence in the eu parliament ( ignoring the fact that voting is regressive , and not directly tied to population ) . 
  except , the laws are n't made solely by british politicians , but by eu politicians from all over the continent . 
  what is good for the eu is n't necessarily good for the uk , and the idea that the eu can force legislation on the uk even if britain votes against it , is also unpalatable . 
  hence the reason to vote leave . 
  3 : not sure where you 're going with this ? 
  a two-tier country system is perfectly possible , has been proposed several times , and repeatedly shot down . 
  formalising the customs/trade union and the federalisation part is perfectly possible . 
  however , the eu has stubbornly refused to slow down the integration , even if the face of heavy opposition to an eu-superstate . 
  hence the reason to vote leave . 
  4 : i. . . do n't understand ? 
  the eu are n't our biggest trade partners because despite the customs union , they 're still not competitive enough . 
  britain is n't being protectionist against the eu at all , it 's simply a case of being historical traders in a global economy . 
  and what 's with this talk of second-hand trade deals ? 
  i 've no idea what you mean , but if the eu made those deals then the uk would benefit from lower prices and increased exports ( since free trade is always good ) . 
  5 : i 'm sorry , but that 's utter baloney . 
  historically there 's been free movement , so it ca n't be a problem ? 
  what nonsense is this ? 
  free movement is a massive problem for the uk , and is deeply unpopular . 
  the eu refused to adapt to the times and put any brakes on it , which meant remaining in the eu would so the uk repeatedly taken advantage of . 
  my point about you not reading literature was that you dismissed all reasons for leaving as not good enough , despite not knowing what they were . 
  your personal opinion had nothing to do with it . 
  these arguments are not based on feelings and untruths . 
  it is a fact that the uk is a net contributor . 
  it is a fact that migration from the eu is too high and bad for the uk . 
  it is a fact that laws are passed in brussels and that the uk is forced to enact them . 
  return to the economy of 1980 ? 
  that 's not going to happen in any shape or form . 
  withdrawing from all parts of the eu minus free trade and technological collaboration would not do any damage to the uk economy . 
  leaving various collaboration schemes ( like science and erasmus ) would hurt both sides , but ultimately be an act of spite since its both possible and easy to set these up through bilateral arrangements ( see switzerland ) . 
  stopping free services would n't do much because the market is n't integrated anyway . 
  the city could lose # 5billion at most , but would quickly recover , and still be the financial capital of the world . 
  it 's interesting to note , that when free movement of services started , the city did n't actually benefit . 
  growth simply continued on at the same pace it always had , with the eu having little to no impact . 
  okay , free movement of goods . 
  this is the complicated one .
