   this person clearly think he or she is superior to the `` lowly '' americans your words , not his . 
  he literally says that going off trump and a crazy ex that he does n't think much of america , but that reason tells him they 're not all like that . 
  ` is english your primary language ? ', 
  see ? 
  not nice is it ? 
  pointless shit talk . 
   see , you do too . 
  god forbid i point out that america has a superiority complex . 
  who the fuck cares , their french are uppity about their language but we do n't pick fights with them over it . 
  yet you bring the topic up and then try to be defensive about it . 
   read it again and try to not let your hate of americans blind you . 
  what hate mate ? 
  america 's great , it 's people like you that give it a bad name . 
  do you know how many of you come to here and r/europe purely to start fights and try to troll us ? 
  a lot . 
  it 's not difficult for us to recognise you . 
  the fact that you picked somalia , a failed state , to try and make us compare america against makes it fairly fucking obvious that you want a keyboard fight to feed your victim complex . 
   of you well done , you 've found the caps lock key , and now i must take your points far more seriously . 
  i see you 're a man to be reckoned with . 
  did you read his next sentence . 
  here , i 'll repeat it for you : * `` rationally i know that is not the whole picture , not everyone is a egomaniac narcissist . 
   what makes you superior ? 
  oh god , you 're one of them . 
  you 're the only one mentioned superiority , which is n't surprising since you 're an american . 
  he literally said that it 's just trump he thinks lowly of , not that europe is better because we do n't have him as a citizen . 
  true , although we ca n't comment much thanks to tactical voting . 
  it was admittedly very close , and i hope that both republicans and democrats and everyone else remembers that their country is called the * united * states of america . 
  i 'm just glad we do n't have election crap plastered all over the internet anymore . 
  which is fair enough , but i barely recognised the name and i 'm an historian . 
  nazi is what people identify that as , not the acronym . 
  most people just say nazis . 
  but yeah , anti-eu is not racism/fascism/rabid-fanaticism . 
   half of your country wanted trump so they got him technically , he lost the popular vote . 
  but the us uses electoral colleges , which gave him a win . 
  still democracy though . 
  none of whom voted to start gassing the jews or declare war on europe . 
  but that 's in america . 
  in the rest of the world , it 's just americans that wear the maple . 
  yes , millions of voters who wanted to leave the eu . 
  that does n't translate to lebensraum and murdering homeless people and the jews . 
  down here as in , in america ? 
  why would an american pretend to be canadian in america ? 
  hey , at least canadians do n't talk to you when you 're trying to get to work . 
   i had a small canadian flag pin this is how we identify embarrassed americans . 
  the canadians do n't wear those . 
  it 's never been bad . 
  it 's just that our main rivals are arguably the best cooks in the world , so they ensured we got a bad reputation as a bit of banter ^ ^ ^ cheese ^ ^ ^ eating ^ ^ ^ surrender ^ ^ ^ monkeys ... 
  welcome to the europe subreddits , where the anti-uk circlejerk is still going strong . 
  as well all know , to be friends with europe , you have to be a pro-federalist part of the eu . 
  that 's partly because the french use vigesimal , or base 20 , as a numeral system ; whereas most other countries use the standard decimal . 
   likewise is the capitalization . 
  i do n't understand that . 
  it 's pretty much just the first letter of a sentence and proper nouns ( names ) and ` i ' by itself . 
  is it quite a bit different in swedish and other languages ? 
   a trade agreement without open borders is something the eu is very against no it 's not . 
  have you heard of the eu-mediterranean aa ? 
  it 's a plan to have free trade between the med countries and the eu without being in the political project of the eu ( including free movement ) . 
  and that 's ignoring the ftas it has with other countries such as south korea and mexico too . 
  columbus was a complete arsehole , and luxemburg is n't really famous enough . 
  you could add aristotle in with plato though . 
  have a note with plato on one side , and him on the other . 
  a crime against bikes . 
  is that a single speed ? 
  probably a ` normal ' bike then . 
  it 's just road bikes that are different , because their speeds are so different . 
  better than napoleon . 
  normal as in mountain or hybrid , as those are the most common bikes in the uk . 
  road bikes are more expensive , and only bought by those serious about cycling . 
  trajan or napoleon ? 
  well , if it 's an anti-war message you want to give out , why not plaster the habsburgs all over them ? 
   `` leave the waging of wars to others !, 
  but you , happy austria , marry ; for the realms which mars awards to others , venus transfers to you . '', 
  that 's got love over war written all over it . 
  yeah , they are irritatingly expensive . 
  even my relatively cheap one set me back quite a bit . 
  if you 've wanted it for a while though , surely that 's good reason to save up and treat yourself eventually ? 
   i 've cycled in swansea , along their coastal cycle path . 
  glorious in tailwind , not so much in headwind . 
  normal bikes are fun if you go off-road , but there 's just something special about putting in the same effort but going three times the speed . 
  same , i cycle about 8 miles on average , but only if it 's dry . 
  the cold weather is better i find , because it means you 're not overheating . 
  so long as i wear gloves the cold does n't bother me . 
  was it a normal bike or a road bike ? 
  because there 's a world of difference between the two . 
  i could go for miles on a road bike , but mountains and hybrids are far harder to get up to speed or go any real distance . 
  it did n't lead to a race to the bottom when the eu did n't exist though . 
  but if there is concern over that , then do regulations to make ( for example ) farmers competitive , but only to a certain price level . 
  obviously , different countries may have different subsidy levels because of the varying costs as well . 
  besides , the wto already has rules on state aid . 
  countries can follow them and still compete . 
   any internal market or free trade area within europe would collapse eventually not necessarily . 
  there are plenty of free-trade agreements and free-trade-areas in the world that are stable and have n't collapsed . 
  because free trade is based on comparative advantage , not absolute advantage , countries can become more competitive and trade more without a breakdown/collapse in trade . 
  if all the countries in the eu produced the exact same grains , and had the exact same costs , then there would be an issue ( and also little reason for trade ) , but because they do n't , so long as state-aid is n't too high , the market wo n't collapse . 
  how is something like the cap and common fisheries down to individual member states ? 
  it 's the eu which decides on quotas , subsidies , administration , and deals with inspections . 
  the power lies with majorities and the internal eu mechanisms . 
   which is why finding any common solution has been so hard which is why reform always fails , and eu programs suck . 
  look at ceta , shot-down by a region of a country , because of a delay on visas . 
  if programs like cap were done on a country by country basis , they 'd actually work , and countries would need to reform them domestically or become uncompetitive ( and of course , because they 'd be using their own money ) .
