  a fiscal union would have worked there , but that at least would make the euro a true floating currency rather than the extreme version of a pegged system . 
   we can either split up , or we can sit it out and wait for integration to catch up unfortunately , that way is only going to help the north at the expense of the south . 
  integration is n't going to catch up anytime soon , and in the meantime , the south is suffering . 
  what 's worse , is that this could be solved by simple debt forgiveness . 
  germany is being especially hypocritical here , since their economy is built on debt forgiveness after the wars ( and most of europe in fact , minus the uk ) . 
  there 's a good interview [ here ] ( https://thewire.in/5851/thomas-piketty-germany-has-never-repaid-its-debts-it-has-no-right-to-lecture-greece/ ) by the famous french economist thomas piketty , it 's well worth a read . 
   we would be having different currencies for london , berlin , paris , rural france , bavaria , ect if that would be the case except countries have a full economic union , with equal and free flow of wealth and fiscal transfers by the government . 
  for the euro to work , it always needed a full economic union ; but it did n't have that , and so thrived in the boom years and is now falling apart because of the crash - which is a lot worse than it could be because of the single currency . 
   wealth is shared by all member states by making it easy for icelanders to move and work in places where the jobs are , for instance in germany i think iceland already has free movement . 
  of course , some migration will definitely help them , so long as they 're not swamped like the uk is - something that could easily happen considering their low population . 
  since their gdp per capita is broadly in line with the eu 's there would n't be much trouble there , although they 'd still have to partake in fiscal transfers to the east and south . 
   the euro is a political project . 
  so what . 
  the issue is n't that it was a political project . 
  the issue is that it 's a political project with no regard for economics . 
  europe pressed on ahead with it despite not having the economic foresight to realise it was stupid , because it was overly political . 
  if they slowed down , then the eu would n't be as integrated , and be in far better shape economically . 
  germany and a few other countries might have experienced slower growth , but on the other hand , southern europe would n't have fallen apart . 
  i do n't think iceland will join up politically . 
  euroscepticism is strong , especially so close to america , and they would n't get much of a voice anyway because they 're so small . 
  i 'm told that there are still vestiges of colonial thought , and that they do n't want to give up their own power again , but i 'm not exactly clued up on icelandic politics . 
  cheers , 
  greece sacrificed long-term stability for short-term gain . 
  the markets promptly took advantage of the higher returns southern europe gave with the stability of germany . 
  naturally , when the system crashed , those economies crashed too . 
  you can make the euro work , but it 'd require a fiscal union with fiscal transfers , and eu approval for all eurozone budgets . 
  that 's not going to happen any time soon ( if at all ) . 
  countries did n't join the eurozone for economic stability , but to either take advantage of the stronger economies or because they believed in the european ` ideal . ', 
   but countries like italy and spain belong in the euro area the issue with the euro area is that one currency does n't fit it . 
  the southern economies require a very different currency to the northern ones , and a better euro idea would have been to have two different currencies - which could still be done now , if we give the current euro to southern europe and have the stronger northern economies switch to a new one ( this way round so that debt is comparatively cheaper to pay off for the south ) . 
   brussels instead of reykjavik is - i think - the biggest advantage for iceland not entirely sure where you 're coming from there . 
  monetary policy can only fit one economy at a time , and the current system is set up to benefit countries like germany the most . 
  if iceland needs high interest rates , but the deciders want low ones , then what are they going to do ? 
  what if they want a weaker currency but the ecb does n't ? 
  they 'd suffer economically . 
   the whole idea behind the euro the euro , at its heart , is a political project . 
  economically it was rank foolishness , especially since there was no joint fiscal policy to join up with it . 
  the euro 's primary goal was to foster unity in europe ( currency barriers were already low ) , and it 's failing at that at the moment because it 's creating resentment . 
  joining the euro now would be political suicide , and quite damaging economically . 
  it 's always better to have a free-floating currency of your own . 
  cheers , 
  the eu is n't a free trade area , it 's a customs union . 
  by joining , we slapped tariffs on our historic trading partners and ended the special trade ties we had with the commonwealth . 
  it made the eec/eu our most important trading partner , rather than the commonwealth , because of the free trade , not because we were suddenly able to trade with europe . 
  why ? 
  the euro is going through a crisis at the moment , and has severely damaged the economies of southern europe . 
  iceland does n't have a convergent economy , and so a floating currency is better for them ( always better for countries , in fact , since it allows independent monetary policy ) . 
  a hung parliament where once again the tories were inches away from a majority . 
  it 's not as if the slim majority is that far out from what the polls suggested . 
  i imagine some immigrants are taking advantage of the freeness that they have n't experienced before , but a&e is always full of idiots with sprains and minor cuts , or parents concerned that their child is sniffling . 
  small fines for wasting time and missing appointments would go a long way to alleviate that i think . 
  the main trouble with the nhs is money . 
  we do indeed spend less money as a proportion of gdp than other countries , but the biggest issue is the massive inefficiencies and wastage in the nhs . 
  billions is poured down the drain because the public sector will never care about budgets ; to use the example of contractors , it 's not uncommon to quit the nhs and join a contractor , and then do the exact same job on a higher contract salary , with another charge going to the contractor . 
  people scream bloody murder when the nhs is asked to find # 22billion efficiency savings , but it 's actually fairly reasonable when you start looking at the budget in more detail . 
  we do need to spend more on healthcare , not on gps ( massively overpaid ) and hospitals , but on mental health and specialist oap care . 
  the trump polls may have been out , but the british polls have been consistently accurate to a couple of percentage points . 
  they predicted a narrow tory victory in 2015 , and that the eu referendum would be very close ( online polls being more accurate than telephone polls ) . 
  you 've been misinformed . 
  the court challenge is not on whether parliament should have a vote , but whether or not may needs parliamentary approval to use royal prerogative and enact article 50 . 
  in the uk , treaty signing and usage is traditionally only used by the pm ; however the high court ruled that in the eu 's case , the situation is different as it 'd affect british rights , which require an act of parliament . 
  it 's not a question of trying to undermine parliament , but the government defending its own power , it 's not so simple as the media likes to make out . 
  * lose . 
  loose is when something does n't fit , e.g. 
  ` the screw is loose and is going to fall out ! ', 
  you 're right , iceland already benefits from most advantages of the eu already , if they joined they 'd have to join the euro ( unpopular ) and common fisheries and cap , which are also seen as damaging . 
  they do n't need the eu , and quite frankly , considering the current debacle the eu is going through ; if it does join , it wo n't be anytime soon . 
    `` such a matter is dealt with in parliament , ''  rational politics , i am in awe as opposed to holding a referendum ? 
  because the vote is on whether or not to hold a referendum . 
  it wo n't remain in the parliament 's hands . 
  seems a bit pointless if you ask me , since the article admits that there 's not much common support . 
   `` initial soundings from party representatives suggested icelandic lawmakers would say yes to a referendum , although an opinion poll in december showed a majority of icelanders were opposed to joining the eu . 
   `` the survey by research institute market and media research showed 53 percent of respondents were against eu membership while 26 percent were in favour . 
  previous polls have also shown a majority against joining the bloc . '', 
  it was , partially . 
  joining the eec meant we gave up the commonwealth and global market for the eu one , and continued to have poor growth and economic performance because we did n't have an extra market to trade with , merely a different one . 
  the good economic performance of the eec was mistaken to be because of the eec , rather than member state policies . 
  it took thatcher and the loosening up of state control and push to a more free market that stopped the uk being the ` sick man of europe . ', 
  however , no-one 's pretending that this is the case today , several decades on . 
  the eu is important to our economy with nearly 50 % of our foreign trade , and the economy will take a hit whilst new trade deals are struck ( although growth might outpace the eu with better access to to us/chinese/indian markets ) . 
  brexiteers have always accepted that there 'd be some short-term pain , but the eu argument was never just about the economy . 
  well , no . 
  but my point is that france has n't been overtaken in relative terms by the poorer nations of europe , it 's only been the richer ones that have improved at a faster rate . 
  and the usa makes a poor comparison anyway , because they do n't have the social democracy system that most of europe uses ( to one degree or another ) . 
  quite a few people in the uk were cheesed off that he wore cheap , ill-fitting ( and sometimes non-matching suits ) and did n't wear his tie properly when he was first elected ; but he has since improved and started dressing more smartly . 
  presumably he still has the naff suits hanging around somewhere though . 
   i think french healthcare is the best in europe that 's anecdotal though . 
  it 's generally agreed that the netherlands and switzerland are on top , and that 's from most healthcare comparisons . 
  france is great , but to get to the top ' 1000 ' points , you have to continually adapt and improve . 
  what was good 17 years ago has since been surpassed by better standards , the top score from france in 2006 is now just average . 
  all western european healthcare is good , but the rankings have to take into account things like waiting times , accessibility , how good outcomes are , and what patients think as well , rather than general health of the population . 
   i know people complain about it & a brit is very opinionated & vocal about it , but from an outsider 's view its nothing like what is in that graphic , it 's certainly not as bad as they say either the nhs is surprisingly good , and it 's difficult to get a clear picture since it 's always used as a holy attack dog . 
  people would literally call for resignations if average waiting times increase by a minute , so you ca n't really trust the papers . 
   there is some kind of netherlands skew in this it 's generally respected as neutral , and is actually a swedish think tank with a french address i believe . 
  but the report does n't just look at health , but capability in aspects such as patient information , range of services , and pharmaceuticals , which the dutch score highly on . 
  it 's mainly a comparison from the patients ' perspective , rather than an absolute . 
   our health care system did n't fall down since then there 's your answer . 
  france did n't fall down , but it did n't go up either . 
  france has only gone down in relative terms , in absolute terms they 've still been improving ; it 's just that everyone else has improved more . 
  if you look at what countries are ahead of france , then it 's easy to see why many have pulled ahead - they 're all comparatively rich countries with high gdp per capita , it 's not as if places like poland and slovakia have overtaken france .
