  human smugglers tell them that everyone gets a job and a house , and they can get them to the uk for a mere # 1000 . 
  they 'll believe the smugglers over reality . 
  the government did try to do that , but it did n't really work . 
  they 'd have probably tried harder if we did n't have the channel between us and the continent though . 
  it 's sort of the case already . 
  like how airports have security and passport checks when they do n't have to , the franco-anglo border commonly has some checks for coaches/trucks/etc ( less so for cars coming off the ferry ) . 
  it would be a step up to check all passports , but this would still be done under touquet , i.e. 
  by french officials in dover and british officials in calais - because touquet is n't a free movement deal but moving border officials to the other country because it 's easier for france and the uk . 
  also important to note , whilst le touquet was signed whilst the eu and schengen existed , it 's not an eu treaty , and wo n't end because of brexit . 
  at the same time , whilst free movement of labour is a red line the uk is n't going to cross , it 's possible that a free movement deal could be on the table ( because of current migrants that have families and interests throughout the eu ) , and so strict border checks would n't be necessary . 
  like it is at the moment ? 
  the uk supplies equipment , personnel and cash to reinforce the border in calais . 
  at the same time , there are some french border officials in dover ( although not as many since there is n't a migrant problem there ) . 
   `` they only care about '' implies not caring about europe . 
  being a dissimilar culture does n't stop friendship and cooperation , you know . 
  true , i was simplifying it for r/europe , which wo n't necessarily be up to date on parties and elections and pledges . 
  the nhs is constantly revising the amount of money it thinks it needs up , every year it claims it needs more money , despite the amount of waste in the system . 
  i suspect the truth has always been in between . 
  it does n't need as much money as it says it does , but more than the government tends to give it ( unless you 're blair ) . 
  the nhs asked for an extra # 30billion , the government said they could afford an extra # 8billion . 
  the budget has gone up , just by not as much as the nhs said it wanted . 
  this is quite frankly nonsense . 
  the tories and nhs have existed side-by-side for decades , and the nhs is still public . 
  in fact , it was labour that started out-sourcing services in the nhs to the private sector , but everything is still free at the point of use for the public . 
  this is n't a cut in funding , it 's a cut in services as outlined by local health chiefs . 
  it 's part of the ` efficiency savings ' the government wants - which is n't a cut in funding , but the nhs being given less money than it wants . 
  funding has n't been cut for the nhs at all , in fact funding has increased every year . 
  free peanuts and wine too . 
  well , it 's a free holiday for them is n't it . 
  i 'm a little late to this , but to expand : poland did a horrendously bad job of defending itself , mainly due to an incompetent leadership and badly-positioned battleline . 
  in the time france and great britain were taking to mobilise , germany was already steam-rolling over poland . 
  france did briefly send troops into west germany ( the saar offensive ) in an attempt to draw german forces away from poland . 
  but the quick victory in poland meant that it did n't take long for germany to reinforce , and so the french retreated to the maginot line . 
  arguably , france was n't trying very hard to attack germany , they did n't reach the german defensive siegfried line , or send in the originally planned 40 divisions . 
  this was down to slow french mobilisation ; as well as french recognition of their poor military offensive doctrine , and so unwillingness to attack . 
  ironically , it 's believed that if france had fully committed , they could have pushed past the poorly built siegfried line whilst germany was occupied in the east , and ended the war as soon as it began - but this is all conjecture : we do n't know how well germany could have defended itself on a continental ground war , but they would have been fully blockaded as they would n't be benefiting from france 's atlantic ports or her fleet being destroyed . 
  also , the people in the article he linked are dual nationals , with some of them literally being from british overseas territories . 
  we 're not importing people at all . 
  not sure how cycling and tennis are expensive either . 
  the latter is cheap as hell , and while bikes are more expensive , it 's not as if cycling is restricted to rich kids . 
  well , there are some potentially good green energy sources , such as tidal-lagoons , but yes wind and solar are terrible ( solar is especially bad in the uk thanks to some of the lowest solar irradiance in the world ) . 
  until such a time when green energy is the cheapest source , all hail nuclear . 
  and let 's not forget that electricity is only a small part of energy needs . 
  most british heating comes from gas , and millions of tonnes of oil are used for transport . 
  having all electricity generation being green is all well and good , but it 's only 13 % of total power . 
  adding to that , the russian airforce is old and outdated compared to western europe , and the navy is n't in better shape either . 
  in fact , a lot of russian ships are n't seaworthy at all , they no longer have a blue-water navy . 
  may needs to set up new departments and formulate a brexit strategy , i think she 'll invoke it sometime in 2017 . 
  you can say it about a lot of things , but it 's the implementation that decides whether or not something is legitimate . 
  if , in a one-state , all rights are protected and the people are equal de jure and de facto , then it would be a legitimate solution . 
  if one side treated the other as being under military occupation , then it would n't be . 
  same with the two-state solution , if one state occupied the other then it has n't worked . 
   egypt kicked the un out of the sinai peninsula it 's not as simple as that . 
  egypt was concerned israel would undertake hostile action against an arab country , and so was massed on the sinai border to be ready to go to their aid . 
  egypt originally just asked for removal of un troops along the border for their protection , but the un sec . 
  gen. demanded it be all or nothing , and so un forces withdrew . 
  interestingly , the un sec . 
  gen. suggested that they withdraw to the israeli side of the border , but israel refused . 
   they were trying to conquer the land of another people . 
  it wasnt theirs to take back from their point of view , it was their land . 
  the partition of british palestine was rejected by the palestine leadership and most of the arab population , they saw it as their land which was being taken from them and given to israel . 
  that 's not an extreme viewpoint . 
   since today they are recognized as the government of the west bank . 
  today is not 1967 . 
  i take it morocco , kuwait , sudan and pakistan were belligerents too ? 
  they did n't take part in any fighting , but they supported egypt . 
   generals major general mattityahu peled , on the general staff in the war , stated that surviving was `` a bluff which was born and developed only after the war '' and that `` to pretend that the egyptian forces massed on our frontiers were in a position to threaten the existence of israel constitutes an insult not only to the intelligence of anyone capable of analyzing this sort of situation , but above all an insult to zahal [ israel 's military ] . '', 
  defence minister moshe dayan said in '68 that `` it was , of course , possible to avoid the war if the straits had stayed closed to israeli shipping . '', 
  israel pm begin admitted that `` the egyptian army concentrations in the sinai approaches did not prove that nasser was really about to attack us . 
  we must be honest with ourselves . 
  we decided to attack him . '', 
  this was in the middle of the cold war , so both us and soviet intelligence was fairly good , and these believed that rather than egypt planning to attack israel , israel was preparing to attack syria . 
  indeed , with regards to the casus belli israel used , that egypt had blockaded the straits of tiran , is called into question by the un military adviser at the time . 
  he pointed out that an israeli flagged ship had not passed through in two years , and that `` the u.a.r. 
  navy had searched a couple of ships after the establishment of the blockade and thereafter relaxed its implementation . '', 
  i mean , the original argument was that no israelis or palestinians supported the idea from `` delusional westerners . '', 
  i think i 've already proved that that is n't the case . 
  as for legitimacy , neither low support nor high support necessarily grants that until the idea is hammered out . 
   its the one who wishes to start conflict that is to blame , not who attacks first . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's the most bullshit reason i 've heard in my life . 
  israel started the war , they ca n't brush off all responsibility for it because they ` thought egypt might attack us ' ( despite various generals telling the israeli cabinet that the egyptians were in defensive positions ) . 
  the plo was founded in '64 i believe , not ' 65 . 
  and yeah , armed struggle to take back their homeland , it 's not an extreme viewpoint . 
  but you ca n't equate a few terrorist incidents to a massive war , or indeed large-scale participation . 
  the plo may have supported the defenders , but they were n't a belligerent . 
   no it isnt . 
  the arab states are recognized as the ones who escalated things . 
  citation needed . 
  various israeli generals and leading politicians have admitted they could have stopped the war , that they knew egypt was n't going to attack , and that egypt was worried israel would attack syria . 
  sure , but it does show that there are israelis who support the one-state position . 
  what about the palestinian right to self-determination ? 
  one people does not trump another people . 
  both sides have rights . 
   hamas supports a one state solution hamas supports lots of things . 
  but to say the one-state is bad because they support is ridiculous , it 's not an argument against it at all . 
  a one-state solution does n't have to be made on hamas ' terms . 
  de jure they 're equal sure , de facto is a different measure however . 
  arab israelis do feel that the state of israel treats them as second class citizens . 
  the war which both sides were gearing up for , but which ultimately israel started . 
  a pre-emptive attack does n't stop you from being the attacker .
