  in 2015 however , our net contribution was # 8.5 billion . 
  here 's some figures : 2007 : eur 6,689.90 mil . 
  you can see it 's varied a lot , but the uk is still a net contributor . 
  accept you 're wrong . 
   that does n't mean the eu is a `` german project '' . 
  okay , not a german project . 
  but germany is the leading voice in europe , and has the most influence . 
  so what i originally said still stands . 
   i said $ 3.5 b because you claim the net contribution is $ 8.5 while you exclude these payments and the real net contribution is $ 5b so apparently you believe these payments are about $ 3.5 b. 
  thought this would be obvious . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about now . 
  also , it 's # 8.5 billion , not eight and a half euros . 
  and yeah , eu money to universities is negligible compared to the actual budget . 
  maybe they 're included , i do n't know . 
  but you 're deliberately messing with numbers . 
  # 8.5 billion per year , negative # 3.5 billion over seven years ? 
  i do n't know if you 're doing it deliberately , but that 's shockingly bad maths . 
   i 'm sure you can fire them if you are forced to relocate your office to another country . 
  anything else is ludicrous . 
   i showed you to in the comment you are replying to . 
  they 're not being forced to though . 
  and it 's not ludicrous , it 's the law . 
  i do n't go around telling germans i know their country better than them , kindly do n't pretend you know all about uk employment law because you know how german law works . 
  and no ? 
  i was asking you to prove you know uk employment law inside out . 
  you 've offered no sources on that . 
   no , shit ?!, 
  because you seem to be assuming that to trade in the euro-zone , you have to be headquartered in it , and the uk somehow has some special opt-out . 
  that 's not how it works , that 's not how anything works . 
  you 're aware that global trade does n't revolve around the eu right ? 
   there are four countries who are part of the single market and all of them also allow freedom of movement , which you do n't want . 
  so obviously there is absolutely no way for you to get into the single market . 
  yes . 
  iceland , norway , liechtenstein and norway . 
  they 're all part of the single market , and so allow free movement . 
  but wait , what 's this !? 
  there are other countries in the world that trade with the eu !? 
  my god , hold the press . 
  it 's almost as if you can trade with someone without allowing freedom of movement !, 
  a brief example : egypt , tunisia , morocco , south korea , and soon to be the usa . 
  [ have you heard of the euro-mediterranean free trade area ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro-mediterranean_free_trade_area ) that 's multi-continental free trade without free movement . 
   they will move . 
  it 's a fact . 
  the uk got a special exemption , as it too often did , when it did n't join the euro . 
  and the pass-porting only works if the foreign bank is located in an eu member , which it no longer will be . 
  and no , you will not get an exception from that . 
  goodness gracious , you 're a busy person . 
  how do you have free time to argue with little ol' me when you 're a board member of multiple banks and part of the eu-uk negotiation team ? 
  what a busy life you lead . 
   i actually just proved that it will . 
  you actually claimed that it would , because one person in the ecb said it would . 
  that 's not proof , that 's one person 's opinion , and he is n't even a negotiator . 
   you 're positively insane , seriously . 
  have fun during your recession , but do n't come begging for potatoes when you 're hungry . 
  i could say the same about you , quite frankly . 
  can you imagine placing reciprocal tariffs on the uk ? 
  germany relies on britons buying their cars . 
  and recession and potatoes ? 
  seriously ? 
  are you that immature ? 
  the uk is a massive economy getting ready to open free trade agreements with the world , including the eu . 
  maybe wait for actual numbers and proof before you unilaterally decide the uk is in recession . 
   but it 's not accurate . 
  but it is accurate though , that 's straight from hm treasury , and i have no idea where these numbers are appearing from . 
   than my three sources . 
  i actually told you what they were . 
  twice . 
  but you just want to believe what fits your narrative . 
  okay , i missed that other source . 
  one of them is a jpeg without you saying where it 's from though , so it 's not a source really . 
  but narrative ? 
  there is no narrative . 
  the entire uk agrees and knows what our contributions to the eu are , i might as well accuse you of pushing a narrative . 
  far better to assume that we 're looking at different years , and different exchange rates , instead of throwing accusations around . 
   by brits that do n't know reality ? 
  that 's just not true . 
  i 'm not sure what ad hominen attacks are going to achieve here , but it is widely accepted that it 's germany that takes leadership in eu matters . 
  that 's not a good or bad thing internationally , it just means that germany is using its influence to steer the eu . 
  good for you though !, 
   apparently it 's at least $ 3.5 billion . 
  i 'm getting figures of eur7 billion , over the 2007-2013 period , which works out to around # 730 million a year on average . 
  irritatingly , the eu does n't always give figures for year on year . 
  that 's a pittance compared to any government budget . 
   yes , that is indeed how it works . 
  if that is legal in germany , and it actually is , why would n't it be legal in the uk ? 
  a country that usually has less strong employee rights ? 
  because the uk is a different country ? 
  and because we actually have pretty strong employee rights , despite what the left of british politics professes ? 
  you ca n't fire someone in this country if they do n't want to edit their contract . 
  honestly , sounds like germany needs to tighten its employee protection up if a firm can up sticks to another country , and force employees to move abroad or be fired . 
   nah , that 's actually how that works . 
  i assume you have a source then . 
  why on earth would banks be required to be hqed in the euro-zone ? 
  you know the eurozone = / = the eu right ? 
  there are quite a few countries with opt-outs on the euro , and more on top of that are deliberately not fulfilling requirements to enter the euro so they can keep their own currency . 
  - yeah , i 've read what de galhau has had to say . 
  but he 's from the ecb , he 's not going to be negotiating . 
  also , he said it was a risk , not a necessity . 
  also , most importantly , he 's lying .
