that 's not true , britain and german were quite friendly pre-ww1 . 
  we imported a few royals from them and saw them as a counter-balance to france . 
  ludovico einaudi is a more recent composer . 
  [ one of my favourites is eros ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcmcrzzrdoe ), 
  in principle , you 're right . 
  generally european monarchies are symbolic , but there are old laws which is fairly archaic , such as not being able to insult the dutch monarch . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/352g0m/f_the_king_demonstrator_taken_to_court_for/ ), 
  gosh , why on earth would you think russia was behind this ? 
  the main issue is that they have a border-dispute/breakaway-state ( transnistria ) . 
  other than that there 's little reason to not let them join . 
  i 'm sure if we put it to a referendum ( in the uk at least ) , then there would be little to no support for abolishing the monarchy . 
  ukip and the french national front did quite well in the 2014 euro elections , each getting around a quarter of the result . 
  perhaps we should have a pan-european referendum on whether the eu should integrate more or remain as is ? 
  is that why ` the people ' are voting for anti-eu parties like ukip ? 
  what do you have against monarchies ? 
  european ones tend to constitutional with little power , and they 're fairly popular . 
  well , everyone is related to everyone if you go back far enough . 
  this is what happens when you get your news from r/conspiracy . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're a troll , and a poor one at that . 
  obama being king here ? 
  he 's not even british , let alone related to the queen . 
  and obama 's stature on the world stage ? 
  he controls the largest military in the world and is bombing seven countries , yet has nothing beyond words about russia 's attempts to annex ukraine . 
  as for the monarchy being a `` regressive authoritarian institution , '' you seem to be unaware that power lies in the hands of parliament , the queen 's role is purely ceremonial . 
  the last time a king tried to enforce his will on parliament we chopped his head off . 
  and as for diana ... [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4mefc1ee7q ), 
  that would cause a constitutional crisis , and i expect parliament would exercise its right to force the monarch to resign and invite a new one to take the throne . 
  by law , parliament chooses who succeeds the throne , and they 've done it before ( such as with william of orange ) . 
  your english is n't off , it 's just a quirk of our political system . 
  most of our system works on convention . 
  the queen can , for example , block any law she chooses by refusing to sign it off . 
  but she wo n't do that because convention dictates that parliament exercises that power . 
  in the same way , she could speak out on europe , but because of the convention of neutrality , she chooses to say nothing on the issue . 
  obligation/convention . 
  the queen is a symbol of national unity and the whole country , and she ca n't take sides without compromising that . 
  that 's why after the scottish referendum she only spoke about healing the rift that had been caused , and did n't take any sides in the actual referendum . 
  to be fair , the queen has to be publicly non-partisan ; she ca n't be seen favouring one side over another . 
  the usa has no such restrictions . 
  well , he 's the british chancellor and he 's speaking in germany , so i would n't read too much into it . 
  he 's just complimenting the germans and bigging britain up . 
  the missiles are made in the usa , yes , but they 're under our control . 
  if we did n't buy any more from the usa we could develop our own . 
  granted it would be expensive , but that 's not an issue for a nuclear deterrent . 
  as for scotland . 
  there was a referendum and the out campaign lost . 
  independence is n't under evaluation . 
  only when another referendum is set would there be any doubt . 
   bought from the usa . 
  parts from the usa . 
  instruction manuals from the usa . 
  that 's just the missiles , the warheads are developed and made in the uk . 
   scotland may dispute that . 
  last i checked , scotland was part of the uk . 
  besides germany being occupied by french and other nato troops ? 
  france left nato 's integrated command a few years after germany joined , so they had separate military structures . 
  germany does n't have nuclear weapons , it currently stores some under nato treaties , but does n't have any control over them . 
  de gaulle put a stop to german nuclear ambitions ( being a french nationalist and distrustful of germany ) . 
  you 're aware of how ww1 started ? 
  a string of alliances that pulled europe into one war ? 
  the balkans were n't exactly at peace during the cold war - there was a communist/capitalist split and yugoslavia also collapsed . 
  the point of there being no major issues between france and germany can be partially explained by the increased trade , as well as west germany 's occupation . 
  when germany re-unified in 1991 , the eec had been going on for decades ; germany had no interest in going to war after all that time and still does n't . 
  the horror of the second world war and the decision to go for improved relations mainly contributed to european peace in my opinion - not the un , nato and nuclear weapons . 
   that happened twice in the 20th century the world wars happened before the eu , so you ca n't use them as an example of economics stopping war between france and germany . 
  granted , both countries were crippled after the wars because of treaties and more modernised warfare - but france and germany have been rivals since the beginnings of the hre . 
  historically , once they 'd recovered they tended to go to war again . 
  the devastation of the second world war however , gave france and germany the determination to not let this happen again . 
  by creating a coal and steel community to pool production ( the ecsc ) , it was hoped that war in europe would become [ `` not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible . 
  '' ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/basic-information/symbols/europe-day/schuman-declaration/index_en.htm ) nato was created to stop soviet expansion , with west germany only joining in 1955 - after the creation of the ecsc , and alongside the creation of the eec . 
  granted nato would have stopped any attempts at german warfare , but east germany was effectively part of the ussr and west germany had troops stationed in its territory , and still does today . 
  there was no way that germany could have declared war on anyone in those circumstances . 
  it was trade and cooperation that meant that france and germany finally started to get on . 
  joining nato was not allying with france to stop war , but allying with military powers to stop the ussr expanding further into germany . 
  nato was untested , and the un was a successor to the league of nations - which failed thoroughly in every way . 
  why would anyone believe the un would have more success ? 
  the original idea was to make france and germany economically dependant on each other so they would n't keep declaring war on each other , and this was expanded to the whole of europe . 
  mad and nato were aimed at stopping soviet expansion , as opposed to other european powers starting conventional wars . 
  i agree with you there , but i ca n't see ofsted changing its system because hardly anyone is going to complain about ` outstanding ' schools having lax inspections . 
  schools are only informed about inspections ahead of time if they 're doing well by ofsted measures . 
  if the school is in ` special measures ' then teachers are only told of inspections on the day - leaving no time to change lesson plans . 
   enforces , but does not control it yes , it does . 
  it 's in the treaties that the borders have to be open . 
   and your problem is not free movement of people , but that of labour and which are called exactly the same thing . 
  semantics . 
   at least you have seen that are more complex than you thought you 've skipped a word and that sentence does n't make sense anymore . 
  you make an interesting point . 
  but it 's all irrelevant , as the only thing that enforces free movement is eu law . 
  it does n't matter that businesses want it , or hire foreigners . 
  they 're not choosing immigration policy . 
  the eu is . 
  if the eu scrapped free movement tomorrow , then whatever businesses might want or think , free movement would end because the uk would be controlling eu immigration again . 
   britain was among the first to jump on the train in 2004 ... you just have no leg to stand on over this . 
  okay , first of all , free movement started years before 2004 , you 're referring to the influx of new members . 
  second of all , that 's entirely immaterial to the point at hand , which is that the uk does n't control free movement . 
  it does n't matter when it started , or how eager the uk government was to lose control ; the point is that right now , the uk does n't control eu immigration . 
   no , it is about britons willing to employ cheaper eastern european labour over other britons . 
  which is only possible because of eu law on the matter . 
  they 'd hire cheap indians from abroad too , except we do n't have free movement with india . 
  every business would do the same , but it 's only possible in the uk because of free movement . 
   it 's about telling you how things really work i 'm surprised i can hear you up there on your high horse .
