  so ... neither one of them is the premier league ? 
  i 've not once seen him be toxic . 
  i have , however , seen a significant minority of r/europe users be toxic about the circlejerk of the week ( or year , in the case of brexit ) . 
  if you want to avoid toxicity , you probably should n't be on reddit ; or at least limit your time to fluffy happy feely subs . 
  why ? 
  is the magic circle of r/europe not strong enough to keep his powers at bay ? 
  should i pop out and get some rosemary and salt ? 
  maybe get some bigger candles ? 
  yeah , a typo , my bad . 
  it 's # 165million . 
   so we do actually send 350m to the eu though no . 
  we would if we did n't have the rebate , but the rebate is knocked off before we send money ; it 's not sent to brussels and then back to westminster . 
  without the rebate we 'd send in ~ # 17billion , with it we only pay in ~ # 13billion , which is about # 250million a week . 
  [ fullfact has a whole article on it ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/our-eu-membership-fee-55-million/ ) . 
   you could argue that the money the eu spend in the uk is not money well spent though , as some of it does go to vanity projects . 
  tell me about it . 
  r/europe was confused as to why wales voted out despite all the money from the eu going there . 
  but , they do n't live in wales . 
  there are dozens of big projects that look good , but are n't open or helpful to the public , and do n't create any jobs . 
  and when the money is being spent somewhere good , westminster is normally directly financing a larger share . 
  that 's the issue with infrastructure funding , the eu is too large a body to be know how to spend the money efficiently . 
  westminster is better , and cardiff bay would be better still ( if welsh labour were n't fixated on cardiff 's marginals rather than the rest of the country ) . 
  i mean , it happened earlier . 
  the article points out that italy blocked it for months because of their referendum . 
  the uk is just blocking it now ( and for less time too , i suspect ) . 
  you 're talking about u/trucidator i think . 
  not quite , we would send # 350m a week , but it 's not the net amount * and * does n't take the rebate ( worth about # 4m ) into account . 
  in 2016 , our net balance was about # 8.6 billion , which is about # 165million a week ( or # 24m a day ) . 
  it 's worth noting though , that we do n't get to choose where the eu spends money in the uk , and that the budget has been consistently trending up . 
  the eu also pays out a billion directly to the private sector , so our net contribution is even lower , at # 7.6 billion . 
  still a hefty chunk , but small change for a country the size of the uk . 
  edit . 
  i do n't know enough about canada to comment , but the continent ( mainland europe ) has a public-private mix which works well and is less wasteful . 
   payback in terms of karma has he been burning coffee ? 
   trump is a guy who 'd sign anything on his desk what , and deny his fans an autograph ? 
  that 'd just be sad . 
  that said though , a system which does n't let republicans do anything also does n't let democrats do anything either . 
   if we could have a shadow cabinet it would probably get things done eh , you 'd have to have even more elections to elect a leader of the opposition , as they traditionally challenge the prime minister in the uk . 
  only traditionally unfortunately , because the labour front bench is literally a shambles . 
  the division is similar to yours , except the dividers should n't really be in the left-of-centre big party , but the socialist workers party . 
  they are literally communists ( democratic socialists , technically ) . 
  and on money ... well , well , well . 
  very recently we had an mp called diane abbot , the shadow home secretary ( police , borders , and all that jazz ) get massively confused over recruiting more police . 
  more bobbies on the beat is a vote-winner right ? 
  [ not if you want to pay them a mere # 30 salary ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/may/02/diane-abbott-has-several-numbers-on-police-costs-sadly-they-are-all-wrong ) . 
   with something like your nhs to follow . 
  worth bearing in mind that the mixed system most of the world uses is probably better . 
  the nhs is immune from criticism , and has cult-like worship around it . 
  you ca n't attack it or suggest it 's not perfect without public outcry and accusations of privatisation . 
   trump in the white house is our payback interesting link , thanks  . 
  still , if you really want to pay us back , there 's some unpaid tax you owe . 
  perhaps just give us some of your fort knox gold ? 
  [ our chancellor sold ours a while back ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/contributed/2012-07-10/gordon-brown-sold-britain%e2%80%99s-gold-artificially-low-prices-bail-out-large-ameri ) . 
   that was a joke , a pun on pro and con i completely missed that :( . 
  and to think i was good at puns ... 
  opposite members means that when one house is dominated by democrats , the other is usually filled with republicans , and vice versa . 
  equal power means that each has the power of veto , so you need both to agree . 
  since they 're usually at odds due to membership , you have deadlock ( like that slightly alarming affair when you could n't pass a budget ) . 
  of course , sometimes one party has a majority in both houses , but does n't the president have a veto too ? 
  one dominant house is much easier to pass legislation . 
   party infighting at this point you think you have it rough ? 
  we literally have a communist as leader of our labour party ( one of the big two over here ) , who 's is haemorrhaging support because he 's retarded , and has appointed retards to his shadow cabinet ( opposition spokespeople on various ministries ) . 
  the labour party has been torn between the ` ideological pure ' who ca n't win elections , and the ` blairites ' who can ( which somehow makes them traitors ) . 
   i 'd also add the huge-money people , like the walton family of walmart . 
  our asda has gone downhill since they bought it out , hummus just has n't been the same . 
  when our country was rebuilt after the war , we made it easy to climb the social ladder , yours had n't been destroyed ( * insert late joke here * ) and so there was little motivation to `` build a land fit for heroes . '', 
  so america kept the same system , whilst europe redid all of theirs . 
   we had to get creative . 
  with the tea though !? 
  what did it ever do to you ? 
  and to be fair , you started a war and then refused to pay for it with higher taxes that would still be less than the mainlands . 
  i guess you 've come full circle with trump 's wall , getting someone else to pay for your stuff ...  congress seems to be the opposite of progress , especially now . 
  congress has always been that way , because you have two houses with equal power and opposite members . 
  in politics , we call this deadlock . 
  conversely , the uk has ping-pong ( no joke , it 's literally called that ) , where we pass amendments back and forth until agreement , or until a year passes and the commons forces it through . 
  your system is set up to have so many checks and balances that nothing can get done , whereas ours is to go ` fuck it , it 's worked for seven centuries . ', 
   i guess it 's just tougher over text yep , we normally have to use an / s tag quite a bit , but it 's usually dropped on uk only subs . 
   as well as our congress . 
  yeah , they 're the american version of our upper/upper-middle class , except more disconnected from the people . 
  it 's a shame because you used to have a flexible class system when you were busy being traitors to the crown , but it 's become more rigid over time whilst ours has loosened up a bit ( such as with a commoner marrying a royal , and the working class getting into parliament ) . 
  it 's good to find such a nice american on the internet . 
  british humour is traditionally more ` dry ' and reliant on sarcasm and irony , so if you 're not used to it our jokes can go over your head . 
  it 's why they had to remake the office , because otherwise you would n't enjoy it . 
  we get most of your humour though , so there are n't as many problems for us . 
   if by `` class '' you mean `` money '' close enough i suppose , but it also involves occupation and education , as well as general attitude ( and the ` old boy network ' ) . 
  thank goodness i 'm not triggered , 
  yeah , english english just does n't really have a version of it , so it can be grating . 
  it 's also an americanisation that stereotypically refers to idiot rednecks , so it 's one that we 're not that fond of . 
   it 's more that a good education in the us is often prohibitively expensive i 'm sorry , i was actually making a joke about education and spelling , but i guess you 're not used to british humour : s as far as i understand , your education system has massive splits based on location and class , which is why there 's a massive disparity in educational attainment ? 
  we have a similar issue in the uk , called the postcode lottery , where rich parents will move to the catchment areas of good schools to get their children in , whilst poor parents are unable to . 
   english to chinese in terms of simplified and standard  i think someone shopped a steam installation picture , which is where the joke originated . 
  good for a chortle , but it 's irritating how many programs either do n't do regional checks for language , or exclude british english ( i hear portugal has a similar issue thanks to brazil ) . 
  i do n't mind the spelling and grammar so much , i get that your education system is n't that good ; the main stuff that bothers me is [ messing up metaphors ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om7o0mfkmpw ) , and y' all . 
  y' all just grates on me , it 's infuriating . 
  the rest of it i 'd say we brits are used to , we get a lot of exposure to americanisations , and we get to make snide jokes about simplified english ( like how china has simplified and traditional ) . 
  ultimately though , it is the * queen 's * english , so we know who 's really in the right , 
  yes , i read it . 
  it 's been on the internet for over a decade ... 
  i was just giving my opinion on the matter . 
  well , we would n't mind , but we 'd have to teach you all about spelling and pronunciation all over again , and we have enough trouble with that already thanks to the scots ... [ unfortunately we wasted our chance at the olympics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xvpoj.jpg ) , so you 're safe for now .
