  i do n't see how the blame can be placed purely at egypt 's feet when both sides mobilised their armies . 
  it 's generally accepted that both sides escalated , despite both sides not wanting escalation . 
  egyptian forces were arranged defensively , us intelligence did n't expect egypt to attack if israel did n't . 
  both sides can be blamed for escalating tensions , but only israel can be blamed for attack egypt . 
  palestine was indeed occupied by egypt and jordan . 
  key words there is occupied . 
  egypt never annexed the gaza strip and controlled it as a controlled territory with a military governor , jordan annexed the west bank . 
  but the palestinians never had a government or forces for their population , they did n't declare war or fight because they had no military . 
  they ca n't be called a successor state either , because they were occupied territories and egypt & jordan still exist . 
  arab states getting involved on ` behalf ' of palestinians does n't make palestine a belligerent in war . 
  sure , it 's hard to not be wary of some policies ; but it has a lot of merit by virtue of being supported by many palestinians . 
  sure , but at the same , the one-state solution has some support in israel , mainly from the israeli right . 
  not every israeli is pro-two-state . 
  palestinian israelis feel they 're treated as second-class citizens , so it 's a valid point . 
  the six day war which israel started ? 
  palestine was n't a belligerent in that war , but many of its citizens were displaced ( about 300,000 ) by israeli forces . 
  territory controlled by the arab league was transferred to israeli control , and has been occupied for 49 years now . 
  because of israel 's expansion , and military occupations , many palestinians live under de jure and de facto israeli control . 
  a lot of them have israeli passports . 
  pretty sure the israeli president is a proponent of the one-state solution , as well as a majority of palestinians . 
  the eu is n't subsidising the uk though , as the uk is a net contributor . 
  also , the eu does n't send any money to the nhs . 
  in third-world countries , sure . 
  it 's not so easy to pull off a coup in a developed nation like turkey , which has had a democratic tradition for years . 
  what about the bay of pigs ? 
  pretty funny to see your responses to the other guy 's deleted comments . 
  yes , however i was referring to now rather than 1982 . 
  the royal navy has come on in leaps and bounds , whereas argentina barely has a navy or airforce ( and those they do have do n't have the range to even reach the falklands ) , and is miles behind in terms of technical capacity . 
  the current destroyer stationed in the south atlantic could quite easily wipe out the argentine airforce with its world class sampson tracking array , leaving any surface ships the argentines could scrape together without cover against 4 eurofighter typhoons , and maybe an astute if we admitted to having one in the area . 
  fair enough . 
  i hear they might spend a few million putting in a new generator to ` fix it , ' by cutting open the side and squeezing it in . 
  in the grand scheme of things , it should n't cost too much . 
  have you replied to the wrong person ? 
  i was highlighting how the engines have n't worked properly , indeed they 've had blackouts before , and this has hampered operations even if the ships have n't been forced to port . 
  despite finding fixes in the short-term thanks to engineers , a loss of power in the middle of combat could prove disastrous , even if it only lasted a minute . 
  they 're not working properly in the gulf because it 's too hot there , the south atlantic is n't exactly tropical . 
  please , one destroyer could wipe out all argentine power projection . 
  this is just trident stuff , and has been in the works for years . 
  sounds like corbyn 's ` hostile mps ' list . 
  honestly considering unsubscribing from that sub , there 's not much discussion at all unfortunately . 
  yes , a gambit and a bad one . 
  they 've got to wean themselves off oil , i ca n't wrap my head around selling it at lower prices when they do n't even have to . 
  fortunately the uk has an official friendship group on top of strong links with most western countries , even without being a major international player , they 'd still be in a better position than a small country by itself . 
  if , on the other hand , the commonwealth was n't a thing and the uk was a wales , then i doubt leave would have won . 
  the ability and knowledge that the uk can survive easily without worries stopped voters from seeing seeing the eu as a necessity . 
  but the price changes from saudi arabia affected everyone . 
  as signatories to the wto , they ca n't just offer different prices to different countries without repercussions . 
  opec was an attempt to control the oil industry by setting prices amongst themselves as an oligarchy , with one price for the world they 'd stop competing and undermining each other 's prices , and so keep prices artificially high . 
  free trade agreements are of course very different from a customs union . 
  the former is good , whilst the latter simply moves trade barriers to different places , and in some cases increases them ( e.g. 
  the eu and their food prices ) . 
  the political advantages that come from the eu trading as a single bloc do n't exist purely because the eu exists , but because western europe is a bloc in itself , with deeper ties than the single market . 
  london was an international centre of trade and finance before the eu , and will continue to be so . 
  saying that brexit will cripple the city is fantasy . 
  colonialism and trade are not really comparable . 
  on the one hand you have powers controlling the flow of trade * and taxing it to reap the most profits in both markets * , and on the other hand you have a free exchange of goods with separate barriers imposed by the two markets separately . 
  colonialism can be thought less as trade , and more as colonial powers incorporating profitable markets into their domestic market . 
   resource politics are still huge yes , but they 're very different nowadays . 
  one country ca n't stop another one from selling resources to multiple customers/countries , only the sovereign nation itself can . 
  opec , for example , controls a large supply of oil , but sells it at the same price to everyone . 
  most countries in the world are members of the wto , and follow its rules . 
  most competition derives from efficiency of resources and ease of access , rather than throttling access to your competitors . 
  the west does n't dominate the sea , the west dominates industrialisation . 
  china 's recent history , and indeed high growth , is merely a ` catch-up ' or ` westernisation ' - it is industrialising and spreading concentrated wealth out from the elite and to capitalism and the people . 
  trade is simply a matter of comparative advantage , and therefore benefits all parties partaking of it ; one side can benefit more , but not at the expense of the other . 
  oil has affected politics , but mainly international relations and the application of power - it 's just the scramble for necessary resources . 
  but that was the age of imperialism and trade , most imports and exports are luxury goods now . 
  we 're in the age of globalisation , where countries are far less protectionist than they were in the age of empires . 
  trade is beneficial , so it 's always done . 
  it 's not as if the uk is going to struggle to get the resources it needs , or even have to pay more than it does right now ( very little of our energy requirements come from the eu ) . 
  no-one 's going to stop selling resources , because it 's profitable to keep trading ; and the uk is n't going to send gunboats down to enforce trade , because that 's also not how the world works anymore . 
  behind france ? 
  i take it you 're going off the temporary dip of the stock market ? 
  stocks and shares are not gdp . 
  production does n't go on the whims of investors worth . 
  the media is fond of lying to create sensationalist headlines . 
  you 'll have to wait a year to see gdp figures . 
  the friendliness of the global world ? 
  aside from the fact that we 're still friends with europe , we have the commonwealth and the usa , which is over half the global economy as immediate friends and allies . 
  could you explain what you mean by ` trade and power and politics ? ', 
  you 're underestimating the uk and the fact that it 's the fifth biggest economy in the world , and overestimating the reliance on the usa and eu . 
  the uk is n't `` going at it along , '' we 're not becoming more isolationist , but rather more global . 
  a change in the relationship between countries is n't severing all ties . 
  yes ? 
  the eu is a customs union . 
  free trade inside , barriers to entry for non-members . 
  eu member-states ca n't negotiate trade deals by themselves , hence leaving means you can . 
  the uk wo n't have much collective bargaining power as the eu , but it 's still the fifth largest economy in the world , and a fairly attractive country to invest in and trade with . 
   there 's this magical assumption power politics do n't come into play with trade and business . 
  trade is always good for both trading partners . 
  but if you want to talk power politics , then you 're just strengthening the uk 's position . 
  the uk is the second most powerful country in the world in terms of hard power , and most powerful when it comes to soft power ( diplomacy and culture ) . 
  definitely just buzzwords , he may be foreign sec. , but it 's davis who will be leading brexit negotiations . 
  it 's not as big as people think . 
  financial services account for ~ 10 % of uk exports , and we sell just under # 20billion in these services to the eu per year . 
  without passporting rights , estimates say that this would probably halve to around # 10billion ( about 8 % of financial services ) . 
  this would be bad in the short-term , but seeing as the global markets would open , the uk would be able to broker deals with emerging economies outside of the constraints of the eu - afterall , the city 's competitive advantage is based on more than access to the single market . 
  even without passporting rights , an equivalency deal is likely ( recently britain has been stricter on regulations than the eu has , such as the separation of retail and commerical banks ) , because as a centre of finance , the city can be profitable for eu firms as well as british ones . 
  what 's wrong with a brit using a europe flair ? 
  yes , it 's a toss-up between may or the tories .
