  surely your parliament can change the law and call for a new referendum though ? 
  you 'd need a government that wanted a referendum , but can parliament change the law ? 
   the popular support for independence is already immense 1 day after the eu ref where it was dying down before do you have polls to support that statement ? 
  demanding better conditions for the uk just means that it 's looking out for its people . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , and it does n't mean that we 're not friends with europe , just looking out for ourselves . 
   which the leave campaign and general public is blaming the eu for . 
  that 's complicated , because the uk wanted expansion for trade , but not expansion for federalisation . 
  the uk public is blaming migration on the eu , because it does n't like it . 
  the government , and all major parties , voted in and essentially for all this . 
  public opinion is split , but on the consequences of being an eu member , not on whether we should be friends with europe or not . 
   the uk always put self-interest before cooperation the uk did cooperate though . 
  it paid its dues , followed regulations . 
  and , as every country has the right to do so , entered discussions when it thought things were n't in the uks favour . 
  things like the rebate were negotiated , not unilaterally decided . 
  other countries have opt-outs too , as is their right ; countries that do n't have opt-outs have the right to negotiate for them , or accept treaties as proposed . 
   was openly antagonistic for a long time , regularly insulted the eu , the germans , the french . 
  i 'm aware that the campaign and dissatisfaction may appear antagonistic , but it was n't intended as insults and wrecking anything just because . 
  what insults to the eu , the french and the germans exactly ? 
   what the fuck does it even mean ? 
  it means that the uk disagrees with the politicisation and increased integration of the eu . 
  we 're not closing embassies , kicking out foreigners , leaving nato and become completely isolated . 
  the uk is just leaving a political union it does n't want to be in . 
  there 's a big difference between that and cutting off all ties and friendships . 
   if you want to have the access to the common market , even if uk was important for the economy eu , uk will have to abbid to most of rules set by eu . 
  no-one 's disputing that . 
  goods that the uk wants to export to the eu will abide by eu regulations . 
  goods going to places like new zealand will abide by new zealand regulations . 
  it 's the international standard . 
  but the uk wo n't abide by regulations that only apply to member states . 
  regulations on transport and goods not being exported will be ignored , because they do n't come from westminster and will be * external * regulations , that the eu has no interest in because they do n't affect * its * members . 
  and i 've said , it 's not going to happen . 
  westminster and everyone else can and will stop this . 
   but what will they do when all of scotland call for independence , with protests and petitions and all ? 
  are the scottish people really going to accept a `` i 'm sorry , but it 's against the law '' from the uk if they want independence from the uk in the first place well , they 've already rejected independence . 
  that 's the point . 
  there are no polls or parties that have a mandate to call for a referendum . 
  scottish nationalists are in the minority here . 
  there is no oppression , the issue is the snp repeatedly calling for independence despite public opinion being against it . 
  the public is likely to turn on the snp if they keep forcing the issue . 
   what if the eu wants to show their middle fingers to the uk , and want scotland in place for the uk in their union ? 
  the eu deliberately interfering on a massive scale in a foreign country because they voted to leave democratically ? 
  it 'd be the end of the eu . 
   you say there is no support , but that is simply not true . 
  there may not be wide support , but there definitely is at least some support yes there 's support . 
  we all know this . 
  but they lost a referendum , they do n't have majority support . 
  the uk is n't going to do anything , because they do n't have to . 
  * if * the snp get a majority in 2020 will another referendum in their manifesto . 
  * if * they request westminster to pass another referendum bill * if * polls show independence is high enough , then westminster will act the same way they did before . 
  by forming a cross-party campaign to ask scotland to stay in the union . 
   27 countries agreed on one agreement and deemed it fair for everyone . 
  they 're all wrong ? 
  they can be wrong . 
  if 27 countries want one deal and say it 's fair , but britain says it 's not fair , then it 's not fair . 
  same as if 26 countries + britain say a different deal is fair but germany thinks otherwise , then it 's not fair . 
  that 's why negotiations will take at least two years . 
   you do , you got a rebate for over thirty years costing us other eu countries over 120 billion euros . 
  membership fees do n't belong to europe , they belong to their respective members . 
  i can see why you think it 's at other peoples expense , but that money went to europe at britain 's expense . 
  and the rebate came around because britain felt it was being charged too much , so there was a compromise . 
  and a couple of years ago , because britain was growing faster than the eu , so europe demanded more money , and the uk obliged . 
   poles going back to poland from the uk , brits going back to britain from the eu ? 
  i do n't know where you 're getting this . 
  it was never the case that there would be forced repatriation . 
  poles in the uk are welcome to stay , it 's been said by every leave organisation . 
  britons going back to britain , that depends on the renegotiation , but i expect that they will also be granted visas to stay . 
   banks will move to frankfurt , their jobs will too . 
  so there 'll be lots of unemployed brits living in london that wo n't be able to afford their mortgages anymore we do n't know that yet . 
  the city wo n't fall overnight . 
  we have to wait for negotiations to see what will happen . 
  i do n't think , and the government and boe agrees with me , that there will be mass layoffs . 
  people will be able to afford their mortgages still . 
   and wo n't be able to sell their homes without realizing a loss because prices have fallen if house prices half , homeowners will still be making a massive profit . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware , but house prices are ludicrously high in this country , they 're the most expensive in europe . 
  when george osbourne warned that house prices might fall if we left the eu , vote leave could n't believe their luck . 
  i appreciate that people do n't want the eu to collapse , but you can get a mutually beneficial trade deal . 
  the eu should be making the argument that just because britain ( along with many other countries ) still trades with the eu , it 's still better to remain in . 
  punishing someone who wants to leaves is n't going to persuade people to stay . 
  the fear-mongering and punishment messages that came from europe definitely helped the leave camp in the referendum ; and if europe is n't careful it could increase euroscepticism in other countries too . 
  every country world-wide has to deal with foreign standards and regulations though . 
  the high eu standards means places like the usa finds to very difficult to trade with europe . 
  sure , the uk would have to abide by regulations like everyone else . 
  but it does that already , and will continue to do so if it wants to trade . 
  it 's not going to get rid of all standards if it means an end to trade . 
  services will be technically out of scope of the eu , being that westminster will legislate regulations , but they can follow european regulations for the purposes of trading in the eu . 
  same as with manufacturing , where they will follow european regulations for the purposes of trading with the eu . 
  same as all countries do , and follow foreign regulations to be allowed to trade with them . 
  when it joined and traded ? 
  when it works in collaboration ? 
  when it championed expansion ? 
  when it follows rules and regulations ? 
  when we work with european partners ? 
  when we ignored ukip for two decades despite growing euroscepticism ? 
  when the government and all party leaders except ukip campaigned to stay in the eu ? 
  how has the uk not been friendly ? 
  but that 's not a betrayal . 
  it 's just leaving the clubhouse . 
  britain has never said it 's more special than other members , it 's simply wanted a better deal for its population . 
  freedom of movement is bad for the uk , so we wanted to get rid . 
  the eu said no , and so britain narrowly voted to leave .
