   yeah , well , those are all built by nissan , vauxhall , honda and about a quarter million of actual british cars . 
  so you do n't actually import many , mh ? 
  either you buy all those nissans and hondas or those plants will leave the uk as well , by the way . 
  did n't think of that before , did you ? 
  did i say we did n't import many , or did i point out that you were massively wrong when you said that `` the uk has to buy foreign-made cars because they do n't have any of their own . '', 
  looks like we do have our own cars after all !, 
  sure we import cars , we do n't have to import them from the eu though , and wo n't if there are tariffs . 
  lower demand = lower production = lower employment for germany . 
  and those plants leaving the uk ? 
  gosh , i did n't know you were on their board of directors , after all , they 've already said they 're staying . 
   actually all the evidence points to it happening , you are just ignoring it . 
  go on then , what evidence ? 
  ftse is up , businesses have said they 're staying , the boe has undertaken measures to keep confidence high . 
  that 's my evidence , where 's yours ? 
   i hope that wo n't actually happen . 
  lucky you 're not a representative then is n't it . 
   citation please , i do n't believe your pm has that kind of power . 
  [ article 50 is triggered by each nation 's own constitutional arrangements . 
  ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-6-final-provisions/137-article-50.html ) in the uk it 's the monarch who ratifies treaties on behalf on hm government . 
  whilst under the ponsonby rule and later the constitutional reform and governance act 2010 , treaties were supposed to be put before parliament , no such changes have accorded for triggered certain parts of a treaty . 
  it is the government that is a signatory , not parliament , ergo the government is the only actor that can trigger and act on parts of a treaty . 
  this is restricted to the pm , as he leads the government . 
   i forgot you changed that . 
  that 's a pity , should n't have done that . 
  i 'm beginning to think that you disagree fundamentally with democracy . 
   kind of a huge , monumental difference . 
  not to the swiss . 
  if it were n't for brussels dragging its feet , they 'd already be in negotiations . 
  actually , switzerland was kicked out of erasmus because they wanted to limit free movement . 
  my point is that the eea is n't just an unofficial member of the eu , as somewhere like switzerland is ( admittedly trying ) to limit movement , and is n't part of mifid or erasmus either ; and yet is still part of the free trade bloc . 
   and on which the eu is maintaining a completely hardline stance with switzerland . 
  pretty unfair in my opinion , given the swiss referendum . 
   neither can britain impose what it wants on the eu . 
  i never said that . 
  my point is that a lot of people on this sub seem to think that britain is going to go begging to brussels when it 's not . 
  the rest of the stuff being that it 's in the interests of both parties to get a free trade agreement , despite the eu 's relatively stronger position . 
   oh , the bad eu again is trying to force itself on poor britain . 
  because i said that right ? 
  my point is that whilst brussels want to hurry along , the uk does n't , and since he 's not at the beck and call of the eu , negotiations are n't going to start immediately like the eu wants . 
   thing is , no one is buying it , they 're stunned and need time to think how to make the backpedaling palatable to the brexit majority . 
   i sure it will involve more of the big bad undemocratic eu rants . 
  there 's no point chatting about this if you 're just going to insult the people you disagree with . 
  sure , and the uk is going to try and opt-in to it . 
  that or isd . 
  democracy comes from the greek ` demos kratos , ' meaning people power ; and means that in practice `` all the people of a state or polity ... are involved in making decisions about its affairs . '', 
  how is that not respecting the will of the people . 
  but muh narrative . 
  let 's also forget that the city was a pretty big trader pre-eu and pre-mifid ( free movement of services/banking ) , and it 's not impossible that the uk will remain part of the mifid treaty . 
   everywhere . 
  you mean four countries ? 
  mmp , or ams in the uk , has it 's own problems . 
  two types of representative , only being able to recall one type of rep. , getting rid of majoritatian strong governments . 
   `` that 's what they use in american presidential elections and i have n't done more research than that . '', 
  i could say the same about you , you know . 
  quebec and scotland both used a simple majority . 
  japan requires a simple majority in referendums to change the constitution too . 
  an undemocratic vote by the people , because it disrupted democracy . 
  right , that makes no sense at all . 
  but moving on , `` this is exactly the job that trained and educated politicians are supposed to vote on , '' and they did . 
  they got their mandate by popular plebiscite , and then voted to hold a referendum on it . 
   we can set you beside the german voters that elected the nazis , ca n't we ? 
  ah , good ol' reductio ad hitlerum . 
  truly the pinnacle of informed debate . 
   wrong , actually !, 
  the decision is still up to them . 
  this was a non-binding referendum as we all know . 
  all uk referenda are non-binding , but the results have always been respected , just the same . 
   why would free-trade agreements amount to memberships ? 
  that 's just plain delusional of you . 
  that 's literally not even close to what i said . 
  free trade agreements are not membership , hence the uk wants free trade agreements and not membership . 
  it was u \\ quodestveritas who suggested otherwise , not me . 
  like they 're already doing , you mean ? 
  it 'll be cheaper to follow both directives for only some products , instead of all of them . 
   that would n't make the future dictator rules system democratic . 
  otherwise people like mugabe and kim-jung un are great democrats . 
  one small flaw in your logic there , if people vote for it , it 's democratic by definition . 
  and as for mugabe and kim-jong , the former was n't elected freely and fairly , and the latter was n't elected at all . 
   it 's official documents realized by the government outlining veto powers by the royals did you read the full article ? 
  first of all , the whitehall documents are 404ed , so there goes the source . 
  what the queen does do is be advised by what the pm intends to do , by the pm . 
  she can tell him to leave out some stuff , but she ca n't out and out block it . 
  it 's hidden , to be sure , but it 's similar to the hol ; the government can just ignore her input and push stuff through parliament . 
   it seems you are just ignorant it seems you 've devolved into insults !, 
  let 's try and keep it polite , shall we ? 
  because the other eea countries do ? 
  iceland , norway and lichtenstein are in , why not the uk ? 
  because mifir is fairly important to our economy ? 
  out of all our exports to the eu , services are fairly important . 
  obviously the industry could recover ( the city existed pre-eu and pre-mifir after all ) , but it would still damage london . 
   not even the swiss have them yeah , the swiss are out , but the other eea countries ( norway , lichtenstein , iceland ) are in . 
   you should refrain to use british media in the future if you are interested in truth , apparently . 
  listen to yourself . 
  it 's astonishing that you seem to think that all british media is full of lies because you 've seen something you do n't like . 
  and there 's a difference between membership privileges and free trade . 
   there will also be absolutely no negotiation whatsoever with the uk before it actually invokes article 50 well , at least there 's one thing we can agree on . 
  no-one 's disputing that . 
   of course they will : a nice norway-style deal that preserves trade just as it is would be perfectly acceptable to the eu . 
  britain will accept it too i 'm afraid that you 're entirely wrong here . 
  britain is leaving the eu and the eea , it does n't want a norway option .
