  it 's true that tariffs could be raised , and both sides would be hurt . 
  uk gdp growth would slow , as would our big eu trading partners ( mainly germany , france and the netherlands ) , there would probably be some short-term unemployment . 
  a recession would be unlikely though . 
  but you can have a comprehensive free trade deal without the rest of the single market , like the eu has with a few other countries ( notably south korea , which only has a few tariffs on some agricultural products ) . 
  you do n't need to be in the single market to have free trade with it . 
  interestingly , the eu wants this with its eu association agreement , so it 's not anything out of the ordinary . 
  overall , exiting the eu but keeping free trade will lead to short-term pain but long-term gain . 
  the facts ( not feelings ) are based on the uk 's economic situation . 
  free movement is too high , and so will be ended upon leaving , laws not fit for the uk will no longer be forced upon britain by brussels , the uk will no longer subsidise foreign nations , will be free to create free trade deals to grow the economy ( being the country responsible for pushing north american deals , whilst the rest of the eu sunk it ) , and will not be party to increased pressure for political integration . 
  i 'm not sure what sources you read , but apparently they were complete hogwash if they thought there was no reason for brexit and it was all based on feelings . 
  but the majority does n't want to unify with ireland . 
  they never have , and that 's why they 're part of the uk . 
   europeans colonial populations had the majority , on their colonies , would they have the right to rule those colonies for being the majority plenty of places with a european majority went the route of independence , both violently and peacefully , only a century or two after colonisation . 
  whereas ireland was conquered nearly a millennia ago , and part of the population wants to remain in the uk . 
  there is no implantation of population , the native people do n't want to secede . 
  you do n't understand , and i do n't know why you keep ignoring this , the people there chose to be british . 
  they 're not implanted , they 're native , and they 're british by choice . 
   do european/african americans have the right to ocupy and put native in reserves because they are the majority ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  this has nothing to do with ireland . 
  ireland was n't colonised , it was annexed . 
  the people were n't implanted either . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's complete and utter bullshit . 
  you say you do n't want to seem disrespectful , but you 're shitting on democracy and the right to self-determination . 
  the people in northern ireland are northern irish , and everyone who lives there has a right to decide the status of their country . 
  all you 're saying is that unionists should n't get to vote , because they 're unionists and so ` must be ' colonialists , when the truth could n't be any more different . 
  access to the single market literally means a trade deal . 
  it 's not a case of trading with the eu , and not the single market , because economically , they 're one and the same . 
  an fta with the eu is the same as an fta with the single market . 
   seen eea countries described as having access to the single market then i hope that you corrected those people , as those countries were members of the single market , not countries with access to it . 
   that may be your opinion . 
  during the brexit debate , the norway option or norwegian option has been brought into play many times by brexiters like i already alluded to . 
  people know that it entails staying in the single market . 
  so it is most certainly not a ` betrayal ' . 
  continued freedom of movement and/or legislation from brussels would be a betrayal of the vote . 
  the ` norwegian option ' may have been brought into play by think tanks , but it was generally derided by everyone else as remaining in the eu without any of the benefits , as it was/is the worse option . 
  whilst it 's true that ` protestant ' settlers entered ulster in the 17th century , a significant number of ` protestants ' settled outside the plantations , and going by surnames there 's significant doubt to whether ` protestant ' / ` catholic ' divides can be attributed to ancestors being settlers or natives at all . 
  all that is immaterial though . 
  besides the fact that people settled there 400 years ago ( and even further back ) when it one country - the people living there today have the right to make that decision , no-one else . 
  these ` british settlers ' you speak of do not exist . 
  they are northern irish , and they have lived there for generations . 
  it 's not anything like a case of an implanted population dividing an island , but the actual population not ever being persuaded by secessionism . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's much easier and cheaper to move electricity across shorter differences . 
  if you power something in poland , power will come from the nearest power station . 
  it 's only if poland briefly experiences greater demand than supply that electricity will be imported ( until demand drops down again ) . 
   i 've [ sic ] never seen anyone claiming single market access to mean having a free trade agreement with the eu that 's what it is though , is n't it ? 
  access to the single market means trading with it . 
  the issue is a bunch of european politicians conflating access and membership , to the confusion of the uk . 
   it was n't however a vote on not joining the eea leaving the eu and joining the eea with the ` four freedoms ' would be a betrayal of the vote . 
  granted , it may follow the letter of the vote , but it would n't follow the spirit , and everyone in the country ( and the eu ) knows it . 
   so you 're against it because most farmers benefiting from it happen to be in france , and that ca n't be allowed ? 
  christ mate , i do n't know what you 're getting these words from , but it 's not from my mouth . 
  the point there was that other countries were being subsidised when they can afford to subsidise themselves . 
   that phenomenon dates from the 80 's and cap has been extensively reformed since . 
  if you base your political position on that issue you 're approximately 35 years behind the times . 
  do you want a hand with that goalpost shifting at all ? 
  the problems with the cap are not restricted to what it 's failed to do in the past . 
  the cap inflates food prices , spends a disproportionate amount of money on farmers , favours large and rich producers over small ones , and western countries over eastern ones . 
  most cap money is still unconditional , despite reforms . 
   there are no separate `` divergent economies '' . 
  their divergence is caused by their political separation , not the other way around . 
  oh , you 're a federalist ? 
  you should 've said !, 
  most of the eu does not want federation . 
  there are differences outside of politics , and massive differences in the economies ( which is why the euro is an abject failure ) . 
  if your argument for the cap revolves around what the world was like a century ago , have you not considered it might be a tad outdated ? 
   well no , a farmer is a farmer . 
  people can always take up farming if they want . 
  apparently the subsidies are n't that lavish . 
  you know there 's a finite supply of land right ? 
  ca n't be a farmer if you ca n't buy a field . 
    have you got a vendetta against it or something ? 
   i could ask the same to you . 
  mate , i started this by pointing out the origins of the cap , and that it 's not the only source of agricultural subsidies . 
  you 're the one that started banging on about evil and badness because it 's the eu . 
  bit disconcerting to be honest . 
  and a little rude too . 
  disagreement does n't mean everything is bad and evil !, 
   they payout does n't go to the uk or to france , but to individual farmers . 
  the same rules are used across the eu . 
  right , but they 're in different countries you know ? 
  the uk pays money to the cap , and its farmers get less money . 
  the eu is n't a superstate , it makes sense to look at fiscal flows using national accounts . 
   that 's the price of making sure agricultural productive capacity remains active in the eu or , you know , we could make sure costs are covered up to a certain quantity , and use subsidies to compete with imports , rather than place a bunch of tariffs and drive up the cost of food when the cost remains the same . 
   that criticism was relevant in the 80s , but it 's outdated by now then why does 80 % of the cap go to 20 % of farms , all of them big ? 
  why is a hectare in the netherlands worth four times as much as a hectare in the baltics ? 
  the cap is n't helping farmers adjust to the global economy , but is indefinitely supporting them through direct subsidies , that were supposed to have been phased out , but have n't , and still form a massive majority of the cap budget . 
  [ from the economist  ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21567122-even-times-austerity-europe-spends-too-much-subsidising-rich-farmers-milking-budget ) `` a more sensible eu policy would end direct subsidies and limit the eu 's role to policing common environmental , food-quality and animal-welfare standards . 
  brussels could help finance research into farming or non-farming rural employment . 
  but much farm support ought to revert to national level , with strict rules on competition and state aid to prevent too much of a free-for-all . 
  if governments ( and voters ) want cows with bells to graze on flowering pastures , or stipends for poor farmers so they can live on marginal land , they should surely pay themselves through targeted assistance . '', 
  still , there 's nothing stopping countries subsidising their farmers if they 're not part of the cap . 
  well , in that case brexit has to be ` hard ' , seeing as single market membership by necessity involves the free movement of labour . 
  unless you 're doing the eu thing of conflating access and membership ? 
   i do n't believe people who carried leave over the line can reasonably be expected to have wanted that much turmoil . 
  i believe people who voted leave wanted to leave the eu , and were n't voting on how much ` turmoil ' they did or did n't want . 
   also now is precisely the time to discuss things , as once the negotiations have started it will be too late to influence anything . 
  we ca n't influence anything anyway right now ; because a ) it 's all in the hands of the cabinet , or more accurately , may ; & b ) the negotiations have n't started and we do n't know either side 's position . 
  once negotiations do start , reddit wo n't influence anything , but other mps and politicians still can because the two sides will actually be talking .
