  and the negotiations have n't even begun yet . 
  the eu is n't going to demand the city not trade with them , because that 'll hurt everyone 's economies . 
  the city is n't going to disappear overnight just because britain has left the political union . 
  and there are many plumbers and electricians , and unskilled workers in the uk . 
  i know we have portuguese nurses , and ukip has said they 're welcome under a fair points based system , but many migrants have skills that the uk already has and does n't need . 
  and the brain drain on other countries , with poland being a good example , is damaging their economy . 
  no need to be rude , no-one , least of all myself , is suggesting that the eu 's people are n't as important as britain 's . 
  of course the eu will have its own interests in mind . 
  but economically speaking , free trade is always good . 
  that 's why the eu has free trade agreements with countries that wo n't be allowed to join ( not being in europe ) . 
  free trade wo n't be bad for either side , unless one side deliberately demands tariffs to damage the other side , and ends up damaging itself too . 
  the benefits of the eu are n't just trade , it 's focused on political and fiscal integration . 
  if eu member states * choose * to leave that , then it becomes what it started out as , a simple customs union . 
  which , ironically , is what various countries joined for , and left when it stopped being so . 
  i would n't bother , i 've been downvoted heavily for even daring suggest that the uk wants to remain friendly and keep trading . 
  this subreddit seems to think that not wanting a political-fiscal union is a backstab against eu ideals . 
  thirty years we had the customs union under the eec , and free trade was n't that hard . 
  was there anything in particular you were thinking about ? 
  what benefits exactly , besides trade ? 
  the eu has trade agreements with a few countries , with south korea for example only having a few duties on certain agricultural products . 
  why should the uk pay # 8billion a year to trade when other countries with a smaller market to the eu do n't have to ? 
  well , not that many barriers . 
  the eu has an agreement with [ south korea ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/south-korea/index_en.htm ) : `` on 1 july 2016 , import duties will be eliminated on all products except for a limited number of agricultural products . '', 
  not many trade barriers there , and not any particular reason why the uk could n't have a similar deal . 
  do n't be so defensive , i 'm not blaming the eu . 
  but the uk is overcrowded because of migration , so we have to cut down on non-eu migration , which is where most of our skilled workers come from . 
  i think you 'll have to wait before you get a good sample of polls , most of the attention will be on scotland . 
  well , that explains a lot . 
  i thought they were linking to uk ftse ... 
  maybe some interest about the trade deal , especially if it 's perceived as unfair ; but i think the uk will adapt quite easily to status quo , and agree that there will be little popular interest in the eu . 
  maybe relief is juncker starts talking about more federalisation and armies again . 
  pretty tame compared to other stuff said in the referendum . 
  but yeah , i think its relevant because it was ukip ( i think ) responding to claims that a punishment from the eu might come along . 
  worth repeating because a lot of people on here seem to think that 'd be a good thing . 
  there are a bunch of countries already with free trade deals , such as south korea and mexico . 
  there 's also the eu association agreement which has free trade in it . 
  there will probably be some protective elements , but ultimately a trade agreement is in everyones ' interests . 
  worse than membership in that we do n't have a say in parliament ( not that the uk seems to care ) , and that there might be a few tariffs . 
  but the direction and attitude of the eu is something britain is uncomfortable with , and getting out of that is worth a small shock to the economy and the ability to make trade deals with everyone . 
  ( e.g. 
  eu as a trading bloc has no trade deals with australia , japan , glorious new zealand , or usa ; uk can start work on that immediately ) . 
  i 've never said that , and it was always going to be a close vote for the eu . 
  support in ni for reunification is far lower . 
  there have been a few polls with independence ahead , but even with the tories it has n't jumped right up in general . 
  they were massive winners in the elections after all . 
  you 're probably around a lot of indy supporters , but we 'll have to wait and see for new polls before we can say for certain . 
  they do ask permission in the uk . 
  constitutional questions are a reserved power by westminster . 
  for 2014 , they passed an act allowing scotland to hold a referendum . 
  the uk acts under the rule of law . 
  and under the rule of law , we 've had four recent referenda . 
  if the snp wants another one , then they have to follow the political process . 
  if they tried , it likely would n't get far . 
  it 'd be illegal , so support was disappear , the electoral commission would stop it , and like in northern ireland , the parliament would be suspended until the matter was finalised . 
  i doubt the eu would recognise the results of an illegal referendum , which was held because the government disagreed with the results of a different one less than two years ago . 
  unlike the 1979 one , which was defeated by a massive majority . 
  the assembly is messed up . 
  people did n't really want , it does n't have the powers it needs to do its job , and it 's supposed to be proportional but it is n't . 
  it only exists because labour thought they 'd consistently win there . 
  but hey , majority of less than 7,000 on 50 % turnout . 
  hello glorified council . 
  hello welsh assembly . 
  are you sure ? 
  [ polling suggests that support has remained fairly level , if not fallen slightly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_independence#post-referendum_polling ) do you have other polls ? 
  uk just wants free trade , do you think people are going to deny that because they 're upset the uk left ? 
  i know greece 's economy is pretty messed up , the general opinion is that the uk feels sorry for the greek people , but hates your past governments for wrecking you like that . 
  however , you 've got to remember that the leave areas are places where living standards are pretty low and there 's historic unemployment . 
  there are a lot of migrant communities that do n't even try to integrate , and get hired over brits because they 'll work for less ; which is ultimately why leave won , because people in those areas have n't had anything good from the eu . 
  they 'd start caring about greece when they have a better life . 
  it 's worth point out that students and the middle class , the ` haves ' voted in , and the poor and ` have-nots ' voted out , which says a lot about how the eu is seen among the working class . 
  for britain , the point of the eu was trade and cooperation . 
  but it 's increasingly looking like federalisation . 
  i was torn , because on the one hand the single market and standardisation was great . 
  but the eu was becoming increasingly federalist and has a ` fuck-you ' attitude to people who do n't agree with them . 
  i think the uk would have voted in by a large margin if we had a two-speed europe . 
  but any meaningful reform and change has been ignored or watered down into obscurity , and that 's pissed a lot of people off . 
  the reasons were n't really ridiculous . 
  the campaigns were . 
  both in and out were scaremongering and lying or bullshitting the entire time . 
  the first remain leaflet i got had a picture of farage saying ` do you want this man to speak for you !? 
  ' , and was practically screaming that all leavers were racist . 
  a bunch of people were posting on facebook about how leavers were racist trumps and calling all leavers idiots . 
  do you see what i mean ? 
  the reasons were n't ridiculous , but the campaigns made everything retarded . 
  hell , we had one mp who was practically sobbing at the result on live tv , calling it a terrible result and a great tragedy . 
  everything was ridiculously over the top and obscured what people actually believed in . 
  and yeah , i know i 'll just get more downvotes . 
  i 'm just surprised because i did n't expect this place to be like this . 
  i 've said scotland is n't that pro-independence , that the uk wants a good deal , and why leavers voted the way they did . 
  the hostility is pretty astonishing . 
  i voted in , but i 'm beginning to regret it . 
  turnout was 17 % lower in this referendum than in 2014 . 
  low enough that despite the bigger win for remain in scotland , they only got 1.6 million votes . 
  better together got 2 million two years ago . 
  why not ? 
  why do other countries get free trade and not the uk ? 
  why do other countries get comparatively special treatment ? 
  why say no to the uk , who has been a friend and ally to europe , but does n't want a political union ? 
  i do n't understand why you want to cut the uk out just because they do n't want a political union . 
  but it 's not .
