  i think he means ` monuments lit up , ' like the eiffel tower was after the french attacks ; rather than setting monuments on fire like ` alight ' means . 
  cardiff and swansea mainly . 
  but i did n't come across any when i was in pembrokeshire ( hardly surprising ) or aberystwyth . 
  same , i lived in wales for a bit and did n't once hear anyone speak welsh ( besides plaid using it in the assembly ) . 
  the only welsh you 're likely to come across in wales is on road-signs . 
  two spring to mind for the uk . 
  the first is the 1997 election , where blair 's new labour absolutely destroyed the conservative party , who took over a decade to recover . 
  they lost 178 seats in the commons , halving their representation and kicking out a bunch of their ministers . 
  labour has n't done so badly yet ( although polls suggest they will in 2020 thanks to corbyn ) , but they suffered a lot in 2015 . 
  overall , they got a +1 % swing in the vote but lost 26 seats ( due to how our electoral system works , and them not targeting important seats ) . 
  the kicker though , is scotland . 
  scotland had for the last few decades been voting labour in huge numbers , but in 2015 the snp won all but three seats , utterly destroying labour up north . 
  ed miliband ( then labour leader ) suffered a lot for that defeat , and scottish labour is now an incompetent joke . 
  presumably you do n't vote for your congress speaker or your secretaries of state though , all members of the uk cabinet have been elected ( barring the leader of the house of lords ) . 
  the queen also has no power whatsoever , with all of her powers being exercised by the prime minister . 
   ... are you saying that brexit is a reason for remaining in the uk ? 
  no , i 'm saying that it 's silly calling for a referendum when people do n't know what a post-eu uk will look like . 
  although that said , if scotland had to choose between the eu single market and the uk market , it would be wiser to choose the uk since that 's where the vast majority of scottish trade exists . 
   and which westminster immediately walked back you mean the powers which were promised in the referendum , and were devolved at the beginning of 2016 , delivering the smith commission ( independent and cross-party ) in full ? 
  you 're making stuff up . 
   `` yes '' means `` leave the uk , '' correct ? 
  yes . 
  the original question was weighted in favour of independence ( ` do you believe scotland should be an independent country ? ' ), 
  with the snp pushing for a ` do you agree ' wording . 
  yes scotland was the snp/separatist campaign , better together was the union one . 
   you 're the second person to bring up oil prices . 
  eli5 , what is the significance there ? 
  scotland has a bunch of oil fields . 
  they 're smaller and more numerous than norwegian ones , and have higher costs and lower profits , which is why the uk does n't have a norwegian style oil fund . 
  salmond ( then leader of the snp , and scotland 's first minister ) , lied through his teeth for the snp white paper . 
  he took the oil price at its peak , inflated it , and then pretended scotland would be one of the richest countries on earth . 
  unfortunately , because of north sea difficulties , profits fell to practically 0 recently . 
  the snp knew this , but pretended it was n't true to help their campaign . 
  the drop in revenue would lead to either massive cuts or tax rises in scotland 's budget , at roughly 20 % . 
  this is excluding the fact that scotland already runs a deficit , and is subsidised by the rest of the uk already ( namely london and the south-east ) . 
  sturgeon wants independence , but she does n't want a referendum . 
  the scottish people do n't either ( proof being in the polls ) , despite * yes * not falling behind significantly . 
  add to that the poor shape of the scottish economy , falling oil prices , brexit uncertainty and new devolved powers ; and she knows she 'll lose . 
  she ca n't blame everything on westminster and the ` evil tories ' forever . 
  sturgeon is just making her weekly ` give us a referendum ' speech , trying to create division and resentment . 
  she wants may to say no to help with that , and ca n't afford for may to call her bluff . 
  as ever with the snp leadership , it 's all hot air . 
  socrates was trialled for impiety and ` corruption of the youth . ', 
  since the former is n't a crime anywhere in europe , and asking political and philosophical questions is n't seen as moral corruption , the case would be laughed out of court . 
  what , only 47 calls ? 
  i think there 's an app now that dials options for a human for you , waits out the music , and notifies you when there 's intelligence ( sort of ) on the other end of the line . 
  germans always live up to stereotypes , apart from being personally on time . 
  i 'm pretty sure the french system is designed to be purposefully harder for foreigners , but i ca n't imagine their ridiculous unions help matters either . 
  i 'm not sure how they went electric seeing as it would have put street-lighters out of work . 
  evidently you have n't experienced the horror that is the british civil service ... 
  if you 're going to look for a better bureaucracy , then do n't look to britain , we 're really not that good . 
  that 's already entirely possible under the current arrangements though . 
  the cta acts as our version of free movement . 
  on smuggling , you 're right that it 'd be complicated . 
  between gb and ireland it would n't be much of an issue , because there are already controls on freight going back and forth across the sea . 
  so most smuggling would be across the n.i. / republic border , but it 's not as if that could ever conceivably be stopped . 
  i do n't there 'll even be much of it though , to be honest . 
  the two markets are very similar , and it 's not as if there 's much profit motive . 
  it 's unlikely that something will be banned on one side of the border , and even a bog-standard trade deal wo n't change demand that much . 
  most smuggling will be in goods illegal on both sides of the border , which will be combated at ports anyway . 
  oh , and welcome to reddit , 
  well , the right to work is quite different from the right to travel without a visa ; which means that people wo n't necessarily be a problem . 
  the cta we have will continue , so we wo n't need any passport checks . 
  the only true complication is , as you 've pointed out , smuggling of goods . 
  but that 's actually easily solved . 
  you can check lorries at the border if you want , but it 'll be easier to check ports and airports for incoming goods , and see what their final destination is . 
  for example , spanish fish might come to the uk via the republic , but the republic can check the destination and have duties or whatever paid at their ports . 
  similarly , german cars passing through the uk to the republic can be checked at british ports , and allowed to pass through . 
  of course , it 's all academical . 
  it 's quite likely that we 'll have free trade anyway , which removes the problem of smuggling . 
  irregardless , i 'm quite confident that we can come to an easy solution , without people resorting to violence . 
   if they put in border controls i 'm not sure the ec could . 
  neither the uk nor ireland want them , and it 's not as if we 're going to enforce them . 
  surely the eu ca n't be so stupid as to try and kickstart the troubles ... 
   britain 's bureaucracy seems to be far less complicated uh , what ? 
  that 's news to us ... 
  i expect it 'll be free movement of goods and services , with visaless travel . 
  the uk will be an associate of the eu , and continue to participate in the various european programs ( science , erasmus , etc ) and so pay into them slightly . 
  however , we wo n't be in the customs union , or enact any eu legislation . 
  there wo n't be fiscal transfers or charges for trading though , free movement will end ( probably dating from june or march , preferably the former ) with expats all getting a resident right . 
  the majority of europe will accept it 's a sensible deal that benefits both sides , and that life will continue as normal , whilst people online ( and probably on r/europe ) whine that the deal was too kind . 
  scotland then sees that , economically , ditching the uk market for the eu market would be a bad choice . 
  sturgeon will bluster , and probably lose more seats in 2020 , but will remain in power because a potential ` rainbow coalition ' falls apart because of the lib dems ( just like what happened in wales ) . 
  on the other hand , separating from the uk would n't make scotland an automatic member of the eu either ; it would n't before and it would n't now . 
  in fact , it 's an even worse choice now . 
  either we get a bad deal and scotland leaves the uk market , and joins the eu market , and promptly suffers because most of their trade is with the uk . 
  or , we get a good deal , and scotland does n't suffer as much because separating from the uk does n't have that much of a trade difference . 
   so one can argue the situation has changed significantly depending on the exit deal . 
  of course , other changes are that the snp have admitted they do n't know what to do with the currency , or their massive deficit , or what to do without high oil prices . 
  but then again , they had their head in the clouds in the last referendum too . 
  the snp regularly said that it was a once in a lifetime vote , not that they 'd initiate a neverendum and keep asking until the electorate gave the right answer . 
  ** s ** cotland is a constituent part of the uk , that decided not to leave in a recent ` once-in-a-lifetime ' referendum , and has polls showing that they still do n't want to leave . 
  sturgeon and the snp naturally do n't want to admit this since it 's their whole raison d'\u00eatre , which is why you 'll often see headlines with them saying they 're going to hold one `` soon '' and that they are n't `` ruling anything out . '', 
  if scotland does leave though , that would n't stop my country from being a country . 
  is n't being friends with someone a good enough reason to defend them ? 
  if somewhere like france or ireland was n't part of nato , then the uk would still step into defend them ; same with australia and new zealand despite the distance . 
  even if the uk is surrounded by friendlies ( mainly ) , would you not want a reciprocating agreement anyway ? 
  boost ties and military capability , foster understanding , not making the uk nervous with a massive military alliance they 're not allowed to join just across the channel ... 
  the uk might not need much help from the eu to defend its borders , but that does n't mean they we would n't want to help . 
   edit : mostly talking about canada in my first sentences i guessed that from the way you said `` they wo n't get into a war with anyone ... '',
