   some funds again like pension funds which are very large are not allowed to invest in complex products citation needed . 
  a lot of pension funds invest overseas , because there are greater potential returns . 
  overseas investments are more complex , because you 're dealing with exchange rates , two sets of regulations , and of course , double financial registration . 
   yes . 
  `` simply '' have to fully comply with eu regulation and domestic regulation based on standards . 
  like every country in the world does . 
   but what does the ceo of the largest us bank know ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  moving some jobs to the continent in order to register as an eu firm does n't mean that every good and service will be moved to the eu , or that the industry in the uk will collapse . 
  cross-border trade and imports and exports are exactly uncommon you know . 
  ooh no , exasperation . 
  whatever shall we do !? 
  quick , the french are exasperated !, 
  inform the queen and summon wellington !, 
  when on earth did anyone claim brexit was clear-cut ? 
  it 's not a requirement for eu countries to use an eu legal system , they use it because it 's an international standard . 
  if you wanted legal contracts to use , for example , a napoleonic code system , then the eu would have to pass a new law specifying that . 
  it probably would n't pass though , because it would screw over a bunch of businesses , and because every member would be putting their own system forward . 
   you can either apply the same regulation as the eu ( through mifid 2 ) or you 'll diverge at some point meaning that eu consumers wo n't get the same protections in the eu if they deal in uk passporting is not the same as contract law , at all . 
  passporting is requiring domestic registration , contract law is naming a legal system contracts will be enforced under . 
  if the uk loses its financial passporting rights , that wo n't affect the usage of the legal system at all . 
   what does exchange rates have to do with anything ? 
  a lot actually , since you seem convinced that banks ca n't purchase goods and services from other countries . 
   i can not buy insurance from singapore since singapore does n't have passport rights to the eu you can actually , it 's simply a more complex arrangement . 
  passporting just means that being registered in one eu country allows you to do business in another . 
  a singaporean firm would simply have to register in an eu country to do business in the eu , but it 'd still be selling its services cross-border . 
  bnp in the uk refers exclusively to the british national party , unless you 're talking about the french bank , which does n't have paribas cut off the end because of this link . 
   banks , funds etc can not do that yes they can , how do you exchange rates and international purchases work ? 
  but you were asking `` what 's that [ ecl ] got to do with europe ? 
  '' , and i responded by explaining the benefits of english common law , * which europe does n't have * . 
   if london banks do illegal things with dollars why are you bringing up illegal things ? 
  london is a massive trader in currency , and it can do that despite the country not trading in those currencies . 
  as for the libor scandal , the us could only investigate in its own country , it could n't investigate or question uk officials , as it has no jurisdiction , despite the us being affected . 
  i 've no idea what the bnp has to do with this , they 're a dead party . 
   you will realise that all those countries are in the eu yes , congratulations , you 've stated something that 's already been agreed upon . 
  but if a eu citizen bought advice from a british bank post-brexit , the sale would take place in the uk , which means the regulations followed would be british ones , and as with many international contracts , it 'd be written up under english common law . 
  it 's this `` the sale of that advice will have to be done in europe . 
  so all sales teams would move on the continent . 
  the cash exchange will happen in europe . 
  lawyers will most likely also have to move in europe when dealing with european matters . '', 
  bit that i 'm taking issue with , because it 's wrong . 
  sighing and then dismissing someone 's trying to explain something is generally seen as being condescending or patronising . 
  it 's condescension by the way , not condescendence . 
   the sale of that advice will have to be done in europe not true . 
  if i bought advice from france about business in romania , whilst in denmark , and having a business registered in the netherlands ... the sale would take place in france , because that 's where the transaction is . 
  it 's the same principle as to how the city of london can trade in euros and dollars without foreign agents looking over their shoulders , you can buy and sell whatever you want , wherever you want , based on the locations law ; not your home law . 
  no need to try and be condescending . 
  u/heknarf was talking about the benefits of london in the financial industry . 
  english common law is a fairly big benefit . 
  it 's to do with international contracts and deals , heavily used in the financial industry . 
  english common law is commonly used because of trust and historical reasons , and london is naturally home to many experts in english law . 
  it 's not that people were told the government ( not parliament btw ) has to enact article 50 , it 's that the government is going to because of the referendum . 
   if elections hit before that i doubt the uk will go through with it unlikely , mainly because the next election is in 2020 . 
  people do n't like people trying to overturn the established order . 
  if the government tried another referendum then leave would just win by a bigger margin because people would be pissed off that the government was trying to overturn the original result . 
   they wo n't fall for the same lies that the brexiters fed them . 
  i admit the leave campaign was disgraceful , but the remain side was far worse . 
  people were literally predicting war and the complete collapse of the uk if we voted leave , which , surprise surprise , has n't happened . 
  i know one of the leave campaigns also banged on about the # 350million , but honestly the money was n't a massive issue in the campaign , it was mainly about immigration and sovereignty . 
  what 's more , remain did n't seem to realise that they should n't have attacked the amount of money , but the principle of it . 
  they 'd have done better if they reminded people what it was used for . 
   i think the vote was a disgrace and i 'm not alone tough luck i 'm afraid , that 's how democracy works . 
  the minority does n't like , the majority ( leavers and remainers alike ) wanted a referendum . 
   people pulled back citation needed ? 
  various polls show that more remainers regretted their vote than leavers , and that there is n't much appetite for the eu anyway - this can be heavily attributed to juncker , and other eu leaders immediately going for a common army and making various threats and warnings to the uk ( ` you must accept free movement , ' ` you have to pay to trade with us , ' etc ) . 
   as i would n't want the uk falling apart as all republics can use the same bs as brexiters did , but for their case of leaving the uk . 
  not sure what you 're getting at here honestly . 
  for one thing , we 're not a republic ; and for another , the eu is n't a country or even an identity here . 
  the uk is n't going to fall apart either , wales and n. ireland are firmly in , and scotland is still ` better together ' despite the snp never dropping independence and ` evil westminster ' off their agenda . 
  that 's pretty much the gist of it from r/olympics . 
  it 's a shame your government does n't pick up some of the slack and advertise paralympics more . 
  massively wrong . 
  you 're looking at population by birth-place , when you should be looking at net migration . 
  net eu migration is roughly 180k per year , and is steadily increasing - right now 5 % of the uk 's population is from the eu , half of which arrived in the past eight years . 
  so pretty large immigration that 's only increasing . 
  behind the raw numbers , 72 % of eu migrants come with a definite job or looking for one ; compared to non-eu citizens at 29 % ( since they mainly come to the uk to study or accompany someone ) . 
  non-eu migration used to be higher , but has been falling in recent years , and has for some time been on par with eu migration . 
   the majority of people from uk want to stay ( according latest polls ) completely wrong i 'm afraid . 
  most people have accepted the decision , and want to leave the eu . 
  there was a time when people were claiming leavers regretted their vote , whilst ignoring that more remainers regretted their vote . 
   the british mentality of doing things out of spite that 's a stereotype that also is n't true . 
  brexit is a result of democracy , not spite . 
  the majority of the country wants to leave the eu , and expects this process to start early 2017 ( late january or early february , maybe march if may really pushes the boat out ) . 
  there was some discussion on r/olympics . 
  americans said that it was n't really advertised or heard of , which meant less funding on it . 
  compare with china , which is all state-sponsored ; and the uk , which is also state-sponsored , but also very proud of our paralympics teams - they 're an extension of team gb . 
  is your afd similar to our ukip ? 
  general right-wing principals plus anti-eu , or are they just fringe-right ? 
  also , how is your green party so large ? 
  in the uk the greens are fringists who only do well as a protest vote when people do n't know what they actually stand for ... 
  is your afd similar to our ukip ? 
  general right-wing principals plus anti-eu , or are they just fringe-right ? 
  also , how is your green party so large ? 
  in the uk the greens are fringists who only do well as a protest vote when people do n't know what they actually stand for ... edit . 
  damn , meant to reply to u/asdlpg , my bad . 
  best way to get past shitty journalism imo . 
  comes under : `` adding a sentence ... or byline that is more representative of the content is generally ok but only where it improves clarity . '', 
  you see fairly often in quotes , where someone is quoting someone but has changed the tense or context slightly , they 'll use an ellipsis to skip unimportant parts and square brackets to add contextual words . 
  the question is where exactly the cut-off will be , and how the right-to-stay will be enacted in law ( probably through a special new visa with indefinite leave to remain/work ) . 
  as for the cut-off , is it from the date of the referendum , or from when article 50 is formerly triggered , or when the uk leaves the eu ?
