  you disagree , but that 's all right , because everyone is entitled to an opinion . 
  i 'm not sure how singing the national anthem at sporting events is the same as pledging allegiance every day of your life when you 're a child . 
   the us has networks like the bbc and the uk has networks with commercials and he claims the uk does n't have shit reality tv when you invented it and it 's your major cultural export . 
  there are no commercial adverts on the bbc , and less adverts on other uk channels than their american equivalents . 
  the ratio , on average , is fairly substantial . 
  if you do n't believe me , you can look it up yourself . 
   that person is one of the major users in this sub and every comment is along the lines of . 
  and you 're attacking someone who is n't here , because you dislike their opinions , and if this was a circle-jerk sub , i 'd assume you were trying to start a witch-hunt . 
  accept that other people have contrary opinions , and debate them instead of denying anything and everything about them . 
  you and i appear to have very different definitions of what obsession is . 
  it 's worth pointing out ( again ) that these are comments about the usa that started because an american brought the usa up . 
  let 's go with a couple , and maybe you can explain your point of view . 
  how is `` i 'm a little scared by american patriotism . 
  i hope nobody takes this the wrong way but the level of devotion people seem to have to ` the flag ' there is almost cult-like . 
  just different cultures i guess '' misinformed , obsessive and lecturing ? 
  it looks to me that the user is just concerned about us-flag devotion , which * is * much higher than in the rest of the world - particularly since you 're the only country that indoctrinates people by pledging allegiance to a flag every day . 
  and `` the real reason is because british tv either does n't have commercials ( bbc ) or is strictly regulated to limit commercials , while the us is a capitalist free-for-all where the entire structure of television has bent around the commercials '' seems pretty accurate . 
  because of regulations , there are less adverts in the uk , whereas the us can get away with advert spam . 
  how is this lecturing ? 
   also , this person let 's not try and start witch-hunts , even if no-one will join in on this sub , there 's no reason to single people out . 
  what , on a sub where americans repeatedly ask questions about the usa , an american asks why people are obsessed with the usa , and is surprised at a shitpost . 
  well , i ca n't see any mention of police states in that thread , and national socialism was brought up just twice , once as an example of nationalism , and once by an american saying the swedes elected nazis . 
  and the whole thread is literally a video posted to an international subreddit about standing to an anthem in the usa . 
  that 's a piss-poor example . 
  the next is people discussing the unusual adverts for prescription drugs . 
  ca n't see any lecturing on the top three posts , just discussion . 
  but feel free to link upvoted specifics . 
  have only seen discussion of style and adverts in the third link , and once again ca n't find any ridiculous comments . 
  i feel you 're clutching at straws here , and not just because of the bad examples . 
  go to the front page of r/videos and there 's nothing discussing the usa . 
  all of those examples come from threads where americans have brought up america . 
  point out europeans bringing up the usa constantly and you may have a point . 
  obviously , game in the usa has heard of scotland and looked at a kilt once , so it 's really part-scottish . 
  they 're also on the eurasian continent , and from sub-continental regions , but no-one talks about those potential identities . 
  pretty true , i think , you 're spot on there . 
  i think we could add the aftermath of the world wars to that though , the uk was ( and still is ) a rich and powerful country that was n't occupied or destroyed in war , and managed to stand alone for a while as well . 
  then after the war , the other countries were either being forced into one soviet identity or grouping up so they 'd stop beating each other up . 
  on calling the mainland ` europe ' , there 's a joke that a paper once published the story ` fog in channel , continent cut off . ', 
   the uk is extremely visited by other countries . 
  but britons do n't go enmass to other countries to experience other cultures and places . 
  besides france , most holiday destinations are for hot beaches and ski slopes , plus ` touristy areas . ', 
  those that do go on cultural trips will go to look at culture and history of a foreign place , whilst identifying purely as a visitor . 
  they wo n't look at something like the parthenon and think ` wow europeans are great builders . ', 
  i do n't think that the uk is an exception here . 
  most countries are n't going to identify as one pan-national movement , the different cultures , lifestyles and languages are just too different , not to mention the histories . 
  for most people , experiencing other cultures is n't an enlightening moment where you realise we 're all one people , but just experiencing other cultures and enjoying parts of it . 
  when did i say it was n't ? 
  yes , thank you , i 'm quite aware of that . 
  but what about , for example , bulgaria and lithuania ? 
  they 're pretty far away , and i doubt many britons know much about those countries or cultures . 
  you 'll note that i did n't say the uk was massively disconnected at all , so i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
  i do n't mean that the distance by itself causes a lack of common identity , i mean that people do n't experience the cultures and languages and people of places further away , because those people do n't tend to visit each other . 
  you 'll note that i did n't say the uk was massively disconnected at all , so i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
  the uk is close with the roi , france , germany and the netherlands ; but with countries further afield , not so much . 
  probably , but there 's not that much connectivity with other countries anyway . 
  i can see , for example , the french and germans becoming close because , despite history and no shared language/culture they 're direct neighbours and have a lot of movement and cooperation between them . 
  but for everywhere else ? 
  other countries are pretty fair away , and whilst all the cultures are different anyway , you ca n't experience and feel at home in all of them , they 're going to be markedly foreign and unfamiliar to a lot of people . 
  not in the slightest . 
  i get the impression that i 'll be in the minority on this sub ( and r/europe too ) , but i identify as british , and as where i live in the uk . 
  living on the continent of europe is n't enough to make me feel like a ` european . ', 
  it seems fairly pointless asking europe as a whole what you ca n't get in the uk , when you 've already asked the uk sub ( which has twice as many subscribers ) . 
  you 've already posted this in r/askuk , you 're not going to get better answers about the uk from the askeurope subreddit . 
  left school a bit less than a decade ago . 
  we also did midsummer and macbeth , mockingbird , animal farm , and lord of the flies . 
  we also did of mice and men , romeo and juliet , a view from the bridge , and blood brothers . 
  we had a large poetry anthology with many poets in it , but i ca n't remember any of them , mainly because i hated poetry . 
  that 's not going to work , seeing as brits wo n't accept id they 're unfamiliar with , only a passport would work . 
  if you 're under 18 then tough , the law is the law . 
  uk has challenge 25 , so you 'll probably be asked for id a lot . 
  being a foreigner wo n't increase or decrease this at all . 
  it 's essentially a long-winded version of stv , yes . 
  results will be in today at four i think . 
  on conservative leader elections : any mp can put forward their name to the conservative 1922 committee ( the backbencher type committee ) to be considered for leadership , and they only need two nominations from other mps . 
  conservative mps then use stv to whittle the choice down to two candidates . 
  then all conservative members are polled by postal ballot on the two choices , with the winner being the candidate with most votes . 
  that 's pretty doubtful anyway , but my point is the difference between england and the uk , they 're not the same entity . 
  and it 's a little irritating to see people conflating the two all the time . 
   english parliament member * british parliament members . 
  the uk is four countries , and england is just one of them . 
  the pound falling in value is n't indicative of the economy as a whole . 
  the pound has been overvalued for years , and a small fall in its value will boost british exports and help our balance of payments deficit . 
  yeah , i know ftse has dropped more in 250 than 100 . 
  but the stock market is n't the economy , and it was at 14,641 in october 2014 . 
  this drop is sharp , but it looks like the market is just being volatile , it 's only a few hundred points down from feb right now . 
  `` but if a brexit government decided to also impose strict immigration laws and shake up regulations previously in line with the eu , while failing to deliver on trade deals , the ability to carry out global operations could become impossible . '', 
  but wales did n't benefit from the eu 's money . 
  there are a bunch of failed eu projects around wales that have n't delivered on promised jobs , and many uk projects that have . 
  the eu has thrown a bit of many at wales ( # 500million/year ) , but it has n't had much effect . 
   the majority of food consumed in the uk comes from europe because there are massive tariffs on foods coming from outside the eu ? 
  when the uk entered food prices shot up because we no longer had access to cheap commonwealth markets , food prices are probably going to fall again . 
   if the uk gets everything handed to them after brexit what does that say to other nations who have a growing anti-eu sentiment ? 
  that the eu is n't going to be bitter and try to economically punish countries that disagree them ? 
   `` rouge nations '' a little over the top i think . 
  the uk is n't a rogue nation , but a democratic one which took a democratic decision . 
   wales and yorkshire are now shitting themselves after googling how much the eu hands to them google trends show little change in actual numbers of people googling about the eu , please do n't read into that circlejerk . 
  and wales and yorkshire have n't seen much success from the eu . 
  eu development projects have mainly failed there , and the uk government spends more than twenty times as much as the eu does on development anyway . 
   they will leave due to no jobs and out of fear if eu migrants here do n't have jobs then they were going to leave anyway . 
  if they do have jobs , then they 'll be keeping them .
