  [ long live the queen !, 
  well , essentially , the occupying force introduces new rules that it likes , and ditches old ones that it does n't . 
  so the president having to be a citizen is ditched , because the conquerors are n't going to pay any attention to that . 
  well , it 's obviously the good ol' uk  although , on a serious note , probably israel , with the uk having the better navy . 
  us is big , but it prides quantity over quality ( special forces are pretty good though ) . 
  well , you certainly have the biggest ... but i would n't say best , that title is claimed by a certain other country :p, 
  op literally said `` your country invades and topples the american government '' so i assume it 'll work purely through right of conquest . 
  presumably no-one , since to be made president he 'd have already beaten it and have a better army . 
  go the full hog and rename the country the united states of louisiana . 
   the eu could tie trade deals with countries like canada to agreements the non-eu nations do not allow free trade with the uk besides very few countries being willing to do that , it also goes against wto rules , and the eu would be sanctioned . 
  also , how would the eu ever hope to enforce it ? 
  it would be seen as neo-colonialism and quickly discredited . 
  finally , trade deals require unanimous eu approval . 
  the eu does n't want to damage the uk ( since it 's bad for their trade too ) , and because cutting eu ties is n't the same as cutting friendship/ally ties . 
  i ca n't see countries that are friends with and have strong links to the uk agreeing to such a thing ( especially ireland , poland , france , germany , netherlands ) . 
   i do n't , but i can tell they have an internet connection i did n't say they had no internet , i said it 's only been recently that you could learn languages online . 
  hardly enough time to become an expert or fluent . 
   reading articles , watching shows , listening to music . 
  it 's all there . 
  which is difficult considering how big english is . 
  it 's a tad difficult to immerse yourself in foreign languages when the vast majority of popular culture in your country is monolingual . 
  i suppose you could read the news , but very few people do that anyway , and it 's not going to be at beginner level either . 
   duolingo , anki , youtube you 're taking the piss with those last two , right ? 
  anki is n't a learning resource , it 's a flash-card generator . 
  not going to bother explaining youtube . 
  duolingo is n't terrible , but it 's not great either . 
  the good ones , like rosetta , cost a lot of money . 
  they 're also the only ones advertised . 
  you 're reading far too much into this . 
  it 's difficult to learn a language without a teacher , with poor resources , and especially if you 're poor at languages . 
  couple that with a cultural disregard for bothering to learn , and it 's not difficult to see that op may not have had many opportunities to learn french , and especially not dutch . 
  learning skills on the internet is a recent phenomenon , and it also costs money . 
  it 's also not as good as having an actual teacher . 
   the internet and most of it is in english the internet being in english helps people learn english , not other languages , because it 's easier to immerse yourself . 
  what if op is poor and his school did n't do language gcse 's * ? 
  you do n't know what his situation is . 
  remember , the internet is a big thing now , but when we were growing up it was hardly a bastion of learning - it 's only been recently that you could consider learning a language online , and the resources are n't free . 
  * gcse 's are qualifications in england at the end of secondary school , aged 16 . 
  you take several in compulsory maths , science , english , plus some humanities , etc. 
  that 's a bit harsh . 
  it 's quite difficult to teach yourself a foreign language if you only speak your native tongue , and there are n't that many good resources out there ( or motivations , if you 're english ) to help you learn or practice . 
  op could probably have done more , but you 're underestimating how little attention foreign languages get in the uk . 
  peace in europe is a rather idealistic way of looking at the post-war era anyway . 
  you have to ignore the cold war and its military occupations , various armed insurgencies/terrorists/uprisings , the greek civil war , turkish invasion of cyprus , etc. 
  however , no major european power went to war with another major european power in this time period , in part because the cold war separated most of europe into two blocs that were ( mainly ) unwilling to fight each other . 
  most conflicts were rebellions , or internal wars ( mainly in the ussr and its satellite states ) . 
  compare that to the past century where europe would regularly fight against each other , normally due to franco-german rivalry ( with the ecsc being set up to stop this ) , and it was a marked improvement over europe 's normal military policy . 
  the balkans is a special case here . 
  yugoslavia was unaligned , and so not part of the east vs west mentality of the cold war . 
  it was socialist , but separate from the ussr ( receiving us aid money ) . 
  whilst the former yugoslav republics did become independent and fought each other , the wars are seen in the context of the fall of yugoslavia , and not as one war where serbia fought against several neighbouring states . 
  it 's worth noting that there was a coalition of european peacekeepers who were in the former yugoslavia , trying to keep a degree of peace , there was european unity there . 
  * pax europaea * generally refers to wars between the independent countries of europe , and on european soil . 
  insurgencies and rebellions are internal matters , rather than invasions ; and the yugoslav wars were in the aftermath of the breakup of yugoslavia , rather than separate military invasions ( although i 'd say that if there was a period of peace , and then serbia started its greater serbia expansion , this would be seen as an end to peace in europe ) . 
  of course , the pr from ` peace in europe ' is certainly a factor too , but you 'll get a better answer if you ask this on / r/askhistorians . 
  are they removed or something ? 
  i 'm subbed there too and i rarely see them . 
   i did a lot of work on that graphic over at r/europe and i 'm now the new css mod here too well , it looks great . 
  i know several of the larger countries have their own asksubs ( uk one is fairly big ) , and quite a few others have their national subs act as ask subs too . 
  maybe just keep the links for countries that do n't have specific subs ? 
  i do n't personally , but a lot of people do contact mps , generally by letter . 
  most letters are requesting for help over services or taxes or something , and mps essentially just throw their weight around for constituents . 
  most emails are people whinging about manifesto pledges ( or the brexit bill ) which no-one 's going to go against anyway . 
  i know for a fact it 's fairly common in my constituency , as i know my mp and she 's one of the top mps in the country going by correspondence replies . 
  that said , some mps area shit and wo n't answer anything , generally because they either do n't care or represent a safe seat . 
  [ they work for you ] ( https://www.theyworkforyou.com ) is a website that tracks our mps on stuff . 
  click on any mp and scroll down to numerology and it tells you how much they respond to . 
  going off the first few alphabetically , dianne abbot responds to a low amount of messages , tasmina ahmed-sheikh responds to a medium amount , and heidi alexander responds to a high amount . 
  pot luck there really . 
   i think it 's mostly just biased voting presenting itself as such . 
  true , but it might stop people assuming unpopular opinions are wrong if people ca n't see the score . 
  true , i can always downvote because i use res and do n't use subreddit styles , but it might remove it a bit . 
  it 's the hivemind that 's going to be downvoting most , not non-subscribers . 
   and by removing it , you also remove the possibility of using it for its intended purpose : to downvote people not actually contributing . 
  i do n't think that 's a very big problem here , there are n't that many active users . 
  and i 'd prefer non-contributive comments to sit on one , rather than them and unpopular opinions to be in the negatives . 
  maybe hide scores for a lot longer ? 
  i can see your top-level comment after just 28 minutes , but i know some subs keep them for hours . 
  that might remove the automatic downvote people do when they see an unpopular comment . 
   what do you like about this sub ? 
  what makes you stick around ? 
  i like to read the comments , and once in a blue moon i can actually answer a question . 
  mods are pretty good as reddit goes . 
   what could use an improvement ? 
  we have a lot of threads about america , i do n't see a need to ban those sorts of questions , but maybe remind americans that this is r/askeurope , not r/askeuropeaboutme . 
  getting rid of the downvote button might stop unpopular answers/opinions being hidden too . 
  also , there are a bunch of questions specific to one country . 
  could be nab the r/europe graphic and link to national asking subs ? 
   what do you think about the traffic here ? 
  too many answers , too few ? 
  generally pretty good , but there 's a big disparity . 
  some questions will get 150 answers , others only half a dozen , which is a shame . 
   would you say your country has a strong enough presence here ? 
  * looks at mod team flairs * , fairly strong , generally a british answer . 
   but i know this is difficult to prevent and is prevalent all over reddit , so i do n't really know what could be improved both here and r/europe could benefit from getting rid of the downvote button . 
  it wo n't completely stop it , but at least alternative viewpoints wo n't be downvoted to oblivion . 
  do they not like cockney or southern drawls ? 
  heard of it , yes . 
  it 's supposed to sound like english but without being english i think . 
  does n't do too badly at that i do n't think .
