  that 's a little over the top when we have n't even started negotiations . 
  the uk is n't suddenly going to be denied access to the single market because they said no to the eu , there 's still going to be trade , because trade is important for both the uk and the eu . 
  nope , 50 % +1 rule . 
  it 's close ( closer than the scottish referendum in fact ) , but ultimately leave won . 
  would n't it be shortsighted to immediately call another referendum before exit negotiations have even started ? 
   scotland 's a financial powerhouse and far from poor scotland is n't exactly a powerhouse compared to london , and their economy is pretty small compared to the rest of the uk . 
  as for wealth , an independent scotland would have a greek level deficit of around 10 % . 
  it 's only at -4.2 % now . 
  no , it has n't . 
  ftse lost 4.2 % , but ftse is volatile anyway . 
  if you look at ftse levels over the past few years , it 's not so great a fall . 
  spain is n't the successor state to the umayyad caliphate , particularly since they force-converted/expelled all the muslims . 
  or should we return gibraltar to italy , since rome held it for a few centuries . 
  or maybe tunis , since carthage held it before that . 
  it does n't matter that the uk has held it longer , or has the best claim . 
  what matters is that gibraltar overwhelmingly wants to remain british . 
  scotland is n't a subject , they 're an equal partner in the uk . 
  you wo n't get an accurate answer on r/europe . 
  united ireland is n't on the cards at all . 
  support for unification has been consistently under 20 % , and not even the republic wants it . 
  as for scotland , they had a referendum less than two years ago , which settled the question `` for a generation . '', 
  they 're not going to leave the uk , as they made a joint decision to leave with the rest of the country . 
  not really , support for unification is under 20 % . 
  even with brexit i doubt that it 'll rise to even 25 % . 
  there is n't much taste at all for reunification in ireland . 
  aside from a few nationalists on either side of the border , no-one really wants it . 
  support in northern ireland is less than 20 % . 
  castile/spain held gibraltar from 1462 after the reconquista , and lost it in the treaty of utrecht in 1713 . 
  that 's 251 years . 
  it 's 2016 now , which means gibraltar has been british for 303 years ; longer than spain by 52 years . 
  also nato is a thing . 
  spain versus the west ? 
  i do n't see that going very well for them . 
  [ this article from the guardian says what the result is likely to be like as each local authority declares . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/19/eu-referendum-result-polls-britain-europe ), 
  the trade-off between individual power and collective bargaining/power you mean ? 
  i agree , but i do n't think being in a bigger democracy , such as from the uk to the eu , is a good thing in itself . 
  not really a bad example when you were just using mine though . 
  i would n't call 700 billion usd a small difference . 
  california 's gdp is only 3/4 's the size of the uk 's , and is the largest state in the usa by population and gdp . 
  i think italy would have something to say about france invading san marino . 
  france is bigger and more powerful than san marino irregardless of democracy . 
  on purely democratic terms , both countries are equal . 
  ah yes , bigger is always better . 
  that 's why france is more democratic than san marino , it 's bigger . 
  trade deficit is about # 23.8 bn per quarter i think ; mainly from germany , france and the netherlands . 
  negative comments like yours are only going to strengthen the out camp . 
   the whole country has gone way more xenophobic . 
  that 's a little over the top do n't you think ? 
  the uk being concerned with immigration does n't make them xenophobic . 
  i would n't take it personally , britain first is a far-right hate-hole . 
  the indy is mocking them here , all of britain knows that europe joined the raf and army to fight in wwii . 
  are you thinking of slovenia ? 
  russia annexed crimea through war , instead of peaceful means . 
  they literally sent in troops disguised as rebels and annexed them . 
  i 'm not sure how this means ukraine fucked russia over , or why it 's wrong for ukraine to defend its territory . 
  russia has done the same thing with georgia , has told sweden that joining nato would lead to aggression from russia , and has been very domineering towards the baltic states . 
  they still have n't lost their cold war mentality , and i 'm pretty sure that if it was n't for nato they 'd be more actively invading their neighbours . 
  russia would probably get a lot less hate if they did n't try to invade everyone though . 
  it 's about 50/50 . 
  but the first lines were made underground in the middle of london , and are generally the busiest . 
  overground extensions were made later , but by then the name had stuck . 
  yes , the ` metro ' in london is called the london underground , and is shortened to ` the tube ' a lot . 
  i would n't call that saving europe , merely helping development . 
  nato is a defensive alliance , so the defender would get full support off the member states ( minus the aggressor ) . 
  even if the aggressor were a member of nato too , it 'd mean nothing , as you ca n't call nato in to offensive wars . 
  exhibit a , ladies and gentlemen . 
  that 's why remain lost , they called everyone who was going to vote leave a racist , xenophobic little englander ; and then acted confused over how it drove people away . 
  evidently , not many people have learned from this mistake . 
  i 'd argue that greece is a special case since turkey is n't party to the un convention on the law of the sea . 
  spain and britain are . 
   thing is , if the uk ratified this charter , you could argue that becomes a right . 
  eh , it 's not so clear cut . 
  the budget is passed by parliament , but that does n't make benefits a right . 
  i 'd say it 'd have to be directly stated as a right , since otherwise it 'd just be interpreted as parliament temporarily empowering language projects . 
  like in wales , where legislation enshrines the right to receive government information in welsh . 
   if they are bilingual , there 's no impediment in communication as they would use the two languages in different contexts as they see fit exactly , which means that the state does n't have to provide an alternative to english . 
  i 'm all for private individuals speaking whatever they want , so long as it 's not an unnecessary burden on the state . 
   anything to do with the support of languages is not profitable duolingo and rosetta stone might dispute that . 
  if there 's demand , there 'll be translation . 
  if gaelic was a 1 % minority in the usa , that 'd be 3.2 million people and create some small demand for online content . 
  because it 's scotland there 's far less . 
   the bulk of the responsibility lies on the government as it 's the only one with the capacity to do it well , that depends on how you see government . 
  in economic terms , the government should be providing goods/services if it 's a necessary public good ( things like street lights are non-excludable and non-rivalry ) . 
  but that does n't mean it 's an economic necessity . 
  you can then take the interventionist view that if the private sector wo n't provide it , the government must ; or the more right-wing laissez-fair\u00e9 view , that the market has decided it 's not wanted . 
  i 'd wager that 's the root cause of our disagreement , i 'm non-interventionist and i 'd hazard that you 're more interventionist ? 
   its society is properly informed regardless of the importance of its groups . 
  do you need to properly inform people in two languages though ? 
  for that matter , does gaelic have non-translatable elements that means some concepts can only be conveyed in gaelic ? 
  i 'd guess that english is more complete and better at communicating because it did n't nearly die out , few words have been lost and many imported . 
   switzerland is a good example , it has three official languages and yet i think they 're fairly united as a nation four , they have romansh too ( minority language at 0.5 % ) . 
  switzerland 's languages are all fairly large languages that most people speak . 
  their size alone means that even if you do n't speak the language you can understand individual words . 
  with gaelic ( and welsh , to a lesser extent ) , the complete lack of understanding is more divisive . 
  you see a similar thing with tourism , big languages like russian , french and spanish are recognised , less known ones like romanian are uncomfortable because you only know its foreign , and you do n't know what they 're talking about ( like the helicopter scene in the dictator ) . 
   it 's my opinion it can be overcomed . 
  well , maybe . 
  welsh is common , but i ca n't see it happening with a one percent language . 
  it 's far too obscure .
