  which essentially means he 'd be prosecuting companies , not the country , that were going against the directive they were signatory to . 
  but since the uk has an opt-out , he ca n't legally prosecute companies for not following all parts of it here . 
  as for the ft , that 's not a ruling against it at all . 
  otherwise you 'd be hearing appeals and it 'd be all over the papers . 
  the government said it 's position was to retain it , and the courts are only mentioned with `` european court judgments [ sic ] in recent years have concerned on-call hours affecting doctors and care workers , holiday pay and carry-over , and rest periods '' which is nothing to do with challenging the opt-out . 
  i 'm arguing about this because you 've got your facts mixed up . 
  your original claim that the tories wanted to scrap rights has been debunked , as the only proof you 've offered is an opt-out negotiated by labour . 
   it comes up regularly that other countries think it should be removed it does n't matter what they think , since it 's an internal uk matter . 
  and the cross-party consensus is that it should be kept with the opt-out . 
   it 's a default piece of paper everyone signs when they get any kind of normal job in the uk it 's not default at all . 
  i 've signed several contracts and never opted out . 
  the original intention was for people like bankers who worked on trading floors , and doctors to get experience . 
  and besides , even if you do opt out , you still have to follow it over a 17 week period . 
   the uk was taken to court over the opt-out several times citation ? 
  you 'd have to be pretty retarded to take the government to court because they did n't implement legislation you wanted . 
  courts follow existing law , they have no jurisdiction over what parliament does or does not do . 
  we 're still part of that , but workers can get an opt-out in their contracts iirc . 
  it was mainly for bankers who work long hours , and doctors who stay in hospitals a long time to get experience quickly . 
  there was never a question of eroding rights . 
  also , it was introduced under labour , not the tories . 
  no , because there is no longer any scottish crown , it merged with the crown of england . 
  you ca n't choose successor going by head of state , because the head of state is n't divided or relevant to just one part of the uk . 
   when a scottish king ( james stuart the vi and i ) rose up to the english throne to be the head of both countries arguably , since he was unable to merge the crowns , he took the title ` king of england ' as his primary title , since he spent most of his reign dealing with the english parliament and in england . 
   queen anne ( another stuart ) who was the monarch born in england , lived in england , buried in england . 
  spent very little time in scotland , and none whilst she was reigning . 
  by your logic , despite her ancestry , she was english . 
  the uk does n't , you can both inherit and apply for dual citizenship without giving up either citizenship . 
  as far as i 'm aware , poland does n't either ; although de jure it 's a question of toleration as it 's not illegal , and not ruled legal . 
  so the only way op would lose polish citizenship was if he specifically renounced it . 
  that 's immaterial though , since he already has polish citizenship . 
  staying in the uk because there 's been no change , but not going for citizenship anymore is slightly surprising . 
   the plan to gain a british citizenship can i ask why ? 
  yes . 
  in economics the calculation is : consumer spending + gross investment + government spending + ( exports - imports ) . 
  it 's normally contracted to c + i + g + ( x - m ) , and is also the calculation used for aggregate demand . 
  it 's all to do with money . 
  with the first three , money is being spent in the economy . 
  but with imports , you 're sending money away to foreign countries and getting goods in return - so money is leaving the economy which reduces gdp . 
  it 's the opposite for exports , where money comes into the economy . 
   they call beer on the other side of the irish sea that i 've tasted i would n't know , but apparently ale and similar drinks are pretty good on this side . 
   just as things are about to get going well , that depends really . 
  students are only just heading off to clubs at that time , and have been pre-drinking for a while . 
  for most brits , 11pm is getting on since they have to work . 
  but for ireland , it really does tie-in to the classic dilemma . 
  to eat the potato now , or wait for it to ferment so you can drink it later ...   some still are afraid to come not sure about that . 
  it 's fairly well-known that the republic is safe . 
  if anything , people would be more worried about the pira , or whatever they 're calling themselves now , attacking england rather than unionists in the republic . 
  people who are still afraid are probably a tiny minority now . 
   a lot of those had warnings , giving time to evacuate , which is something modern-day terrorists rarely do . 
  and a lot of them did n't , or messed up on purpose . 
  let 's not forget that they may have given warning , but they were still terrorists . 
  they wanted to kill people . 
   we wanted them to stop , just as much as you . 
  yeah , it was the fucking americans who gave them guns and money the bastards . 
  which only stopped after 9/11 when they realised that terrorism was n't all it was cracked up to be . 
   so where does that leave canada 's pm , australia 's pm and the other countries that do officially use that term ? 
  it 's not a question of ireland wanting the uk to be unique , but rather a way of distinguishing themselves from the uk . 
  not that many people speak irish over english , but by using an old irish term it 'd make a clearer difference between the two governments ; despite opposition from people who did n't speak much irish and had no idea how it should be pronounced ( let alone how ) . 
  the term taoiseach exists as the irish alternative to pm , because they did n't want to use an english word . 
   put it online and a few people will wade in to complain , but very few . 
  yes , yet another misconception . 
  yes , i said that no-one really cared about it . 
   maybe petition the government to change it hah !, 
  we 've had this name for centuries and it 's beautiful . 
  we 're not going to change it to make a few people feel better . 
   if you are going to include northern ireland directly in britain britain 's a contraction , not a singular entity . 
  ni is n't in britain , it 's part of the wider name . 
   it could be the ukb what , as opposed to just the uk ? 
  oh christ , please use more paragraphs . 
  it 's difficult to read 19 lines that have n't been broken up . 
  ireland is generally liked for the same reasons people like the rest of the anglosphere ( minus the usa ) . 
  it 's a very similar culture that still has noticeable differences , but crucially , is right next door . 
  also beer . 
   no more of risk of being shot in dublin what about in belfast , where the actual conflict was ( except for when the ira starting bombing in england because they were terrorists ) . 
  even today , they 're still bombing prison officers . 
  ireland refers to the island . 
  it also separately refers to a state consisting of the 26 counties on that island for centuries it referred to the actual landmass . 
  then when a state takes ~ 80 % of that landmass and starts calling itself ireland , it lays claim to the rest of the island too . 
  that 's why the uk has a problem with it . 
  in the same way that the fyrm 's neighbours have a problem with the name macedonia . 
   so you could talk about britain as a concept including northern ireland and britain as a geographical entity consisting of england , scotland and wales . 
  britain is n't a geographical entity though . 
  great britain refers to the largest island in the british isles , but britain is just a contraction of the uk 's full name . 
  when you refer to britain , you refer to all four nations , not just the three that share a land ` border . ', 
  when you refer to great britain , you are only referring to england , wales & scotland . 
   the confusion in britain over the difference between ulster and northern ireland yet northern ireland wanted to be called ulster i believe , but everyone else disagreed . 
  the taoiseach is n't a pm because the uk uses a pm , and if you do n't want to be green then why do you have so many leprechauns ? 
  :p the funniest ` dispute , ' if you can call it that , is that some irish do n't like the two-and-a-half thousand year term ' [ british isles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) . ', 
  but there are so few people who care actually outside of some members of the republic 's government . 
   it is ireland . 
  ireland has the right to name its own country right . 
  except ireland is an island , and part of ireland does n't want to be part of the republic of ireland . 
  which is why the uk always refers to it as the republic , as the name ` ireland ' by itself is claiming northern ireland . 
  it 's the same in the fyr of macedonia - which as well as stealing their neighbour 's history , the name de facto lays claim to areas in the neighbouring countries . 
  the original articles 2 & 3 of the irish constitution expressed a territorial claim to northern ireland in the uk , as did article 4 with the name . 
  because ireland is n't just a political concept , but a geographical construct that is part of two separate countries . 
   it is both politically and geographically incorrect it is politically correct , because it 's a republic in ireland , and a state descriptor where the self-styled name lays claim to the sovereign territory of another state . 
  and it 's geographically correct because the state is not the only state on the island of ireland . 
  do you see how britain has a problem with a foreign state laying claim to part of its territory and population in its constitution ? 
   you would not get beaten up in ireland for using one of the various terms incorrectly any more than you would for calling britain england no , probably not .
