  and it 's not being smug or hostile at all , just discussing what might happen and the possible effects on britain . 
  smugness is n't hostility though . 
  it 's not true in r/ukpolitics . 
  there 's been a little bit of smugness with news of bailouts and such , but that 's because most subscribers there witnessed hostility to brexit here and on r/uk first , not because they want the eu to fail . 
  nonsense , if it were n't for the eu common defence and nuclear umbrella then ... oh wait , that 's nato . 
  i never said they 'd inherit trade treaties , all twelve that they are . 
  but eu regulations , such as the wtd , would be legislated into uk law proper - hence harmonisation is n't rewound to ' 73 . 
   and the uk leaving the eu turns back the clock . 
  to 1973 and before . 
  the uk is n't going to unilaterally repeal all the regulations that have come from the eu , they 're going to be pushed into uk law before being put on a schedule for debate . 
  those are informal barriers though , not formal ones that can be imposed in trade talks . 
  the harmonisation of europe , and indeed the world , is generally a good thing . 
  those procedures and regulations already exist across the eea , and are n't going to disappear overnight . 
  south korea only has tariffs on a few agricultural goods ( chickens and eggs i think , but are n't certain ) . 
   i think you are confusing the fact that asking for assent is a `` formality '' , with what passing laws actually is . 
  it 's about the formal process of enacting them . 
  no , passing laws is the process through which a bill becomes an act as it passes through the houses of parliament , before dreary formality of signing it and receiving assent . 
  enacting has nothing to do with the queen , as it 's the civil service and various departments that put policy into action , the monarch 's involvement is over by then . 
   so when we discuss the formal powers of the queen , she definitely has a lot if power . 
  she has a small amount of ceremonial power , which would quickly be stripped from her in the constitutional crisis that followed her ever attempting to use them . 
  sure , she 'd have `` legal authority '' to oppose parliament , but it would n't get very far when parliament changed the law . 
  i 'm not saying we 'd go all french , but the last monarch to go up against parliament was charles i. 
  those internal documents are making mountains out of molehills . 
  the queen has influential power ( but not effective power ) over bills at the beginning of their life when they 're introduced by the government to parliament . 
  the can discuss things all they want , but they have no more power than special advisers , who can also tell the government something is a bad idea and not to go ahead . 
  the queen 's spokesperson literally said that they only give consent when ministers ask them to . 
   not sure why you suggest you know better than those that actually do the job . 
  it seems a bit arrogant to be honest . 
  that 's pretty unfair actually . 
  i 'm putting in time and effort to explain how the political system works . 
  if you 're just going to call me arrogant for talking about this , then why the hell have i been responding . 
  okay , thanks for the sources . 
  those both refer to the `` seamless single market , '' which by definition means free movement of people . 
  merkel responded to a dumb statement by boris , saying ukers would have free movement without euers getting free movement , that part has been glossed over for some reason . 
  i do n't see how all possible free trade deals must involve freedom of movement though , when the eu has free trade deals with non-eu countries . 
  royal assent is technically necessary , but is nowadays merely a formality rather than part of our legislative ` checks and balances . ', 
  as for the lords , there are 92 hereditary peers out of around 700 total peers , and it 's the government who appoints/summons lords for each session . 
  also , the lords are unlikely to vote with hm out of any sense of duty , and can only create a one year deadlock with the commons before bills continue . 
  the hereditary peers , fun fact , are both the most and least democratic part of the lords , as they 're elected by all eligible hereditary peers before being summoned by writ to the house . 
   second , that 's not really a rebuttal of the governments ' own papers suggesting they need the queen 's and prince 's assent . 
  another quirk , but asking for consent is different to requiring consent . 
  the government , and the government alone , can introduce or block bills going to each of the houses ( as can the leaders of each house with backbencher bills , but the leaders are also part of government ) . 
  the queen and pow can advise against bills , but they ca n't completely slap them down , the government has to agree to change their minds . 
  that does n't take into account the actual powers the queen has , and the complex monetary relationship of the crown . 
  as you may or may not know , all crownland revenue goes to the government in exchange for the government paying the royal 's expenses . 
  because this is a contractual law between the monarch and the government , consent is needed for laws affecting these revenues and personal [ financial ] interests , namely the duchies of lancaster and cornwall . 
  the government could probably force changes through , but they 're unlikely to because it would set a bad precedent . 
  and finally , a quite of the day from a palace spokeswoman : `` the sovereign has not refused to consent to any bill affecting crown interests unless advised to do so by ministers . '', 
  i think that covers most of it , but i 'm suddenly around on reddit again , so ask away if you want , 
  because the government can choose to ignore her and put it before parliament , which ca n't be blocked by the queen . 
   you have n't been following the debate for the last half year . 
  r/europe is n't representative of europe itself . 
  there is no necessity for free movement , and i have n't seen any leaders demand it yet ( hence the citation request ) . 
  welcome to r/europe . 
  r/ukpolitics is this way ... 
  trade is n't a 100 % of gdp though , and outside the eu , the uk can form it 's own trade deals . 
  let 's not forget , that despite the eu pretending to be a trade union , it only has 12 external free trade deals ( excluding states officially applying for membership ) . 
   the uk will fall back on just the ordinary wto rules , with no fast way to catch up with these agreements except , you know , all the countries that have been saying they 'd like an fta with britain as soon as possible . 
  hardly surprising , given the popular pivot to the commonwealth idea in the uk . 
   if that 's even possible given their weaker bargaining position . 
  fifth biggest economy in the world ? 
  that 's hardly a weak bargaining position , especially given the uk 's pro-liberal trade ideas . 
   it 's the uk who will suffer relatively more but hardly relatively overall . 
  trade is n't the be all and end all of the british economy , and eu trade is at 44 % and steadily declining . 
  whilst negotiations drag on , britain will be the only side negotiating free trade deals with the rest of the world . 
  as negotiations take longer and longer , britain 's position is going to get comparatively better and better . 
  yes , exactly . 
  my point is that this is a standard worldwide , you go by regulations who you 're selling to . 
  likewise , if germany wants to keep selling cars to the uk , they 'll have to follow british regulations . 
   the eu considers it essential to the single market , period . 
  citation please , especially since that used to be the case for free trade . 
  let 's not forget that the eu started as a customs union , and now has free trade deals . 
   tell me , is the uk going to abolish all laws when they become independent from the eu ? 
  you 've gone so far down the slippery slope that it looks like a mountain behind you . 
   and then replaced by the institutional trifecta of powers because the treaty framework was much too limiting for the amount of regulatory coordination we 'd be doing . 
  yes , well done . 
  and how were these institutions formed ? 
  by more treaties . 
  the ep wo n't be the people negotiating though . 
  and expectations are clear , but it 's not as if they can force article 50 to be triggered . 
   because i totally know all obscure british laws , right ? 
  well , yes . 
  otherwise you would n't have confidently asserted that workers would move or be fired right ? 
  if you do n't know the law , then why pretend you do ? 
   so it is possible . 
  and in this case their employer did n't choose to move but he has to move , by law . 
  oh look , you 're literally ignoring the rest of my explanation , and the definition of redundant . 
  the employer does n't have to move , by law , that 's just wishful thinking . 
  and the employee does n't have to move , because as i 've said , moving to another country is n't a reasonable distance . 
  and mass redundancies would lead to huge ( untaxed ) employee layoffs and the lack of a full workforce , hardly an ideal position . 
  but no , gloss over what i 've said and cherry pick things out of context to fit your narrative . 
   no , they do n't trade without any restrictions . 
  and access to the actual common market is necessary for the city . 
  so efta or get the move on to paris/frankfurt . 
  you 're mistaking efta for a free trade agreement , they 're not one or the same . 
  and necessary to the city ? 
  the city already has passporting rights through established companies in the eu , most of them do n't need mifid . 
  they export more to the rest of the world than the eu , and very little of london is actively concentrated on eu finance trade . 
  they might even be stronger , since the eu has before tried to cut the city down by denying euro liquidity to euro clearing operations outside the eurozone . 
  sure , no trade would harm the city , but the eu is hardly necessary for the city to continue to survive .
