  you joke , but if russia tried to invade canada , the uk would have your back . 
  wales gets very little money from the eu compared to the fiscal transfers from the rest of the uk . 
  then why is london sending # 11billion to northern ireland , and sending fiscal transfers to wales and scotland to boot ? 
   the swiss had to agree to a lot of things ( e.g. 
  barriers to them exporting watches ) that they would n't have had to put up with if they had a bigger market to offer the chinese in return . 
  my point is that the free trade deal is still worthwhile even if it 's weighted in favour of one country . 
  switzerland is better off with a trade agreement with china , even if they are n't as better off as with fully free trade . 
  if they were n't going to be better off , they would n't sign it . 
   and the eu has trade agreements with 53 different counterparties , so i would not call the eu ` protectionist ' . 
  the eu is by definition protectionist , since it 's a customs union . 
  unlike nafta , it imposes tariffs on countries outside the bloc . 
  as for free trade , it has trade agreements with many countries , but those agreements are not free trade deals - tariffs and other barriers are imposed to protect the eu market . 
   related to blocking poorer people from moving to the uk to pursue a better life - is an ethical point . 
  it 's not about blocking poor people , it 's about stopping unlimited migration and the strain on services . 
  it 's an economic and social point , not an ethical one . 
  brexit was because of sovereignty and immigration . 
  sovereignty is simple , the uk did n't want to be part of an increasingly political union , and resented laws and regulations being imposed by brussels . 
  for immigration , there is high net migration which puts pressure on public services and employment chances , and it 's not uncommon to find foreign communities not integrating . 
  eu migration is bad because it 's unlimited , and allows people with skills we do n't need in , to compete with british citizens . 
  portuguese nurses ? 
  good , we have a shortage . 
  unskilled labourers and plumbers ? 
  we have enough . 
  this article , free trade with australia , is a good thing , because it shows that countries around the world will want to continue to trade with the uk . 
   with 65mn consumers on offer , instead of 500mn , the uks negotiating position is much weaker . 
  this is a common argument , but it has little basis in reality . 
  trade deals are struck because trade is always good for both parties . 
  comparative advantage means that one party will be more efficient at producing one good than the other party , if not through absolute advantage then by opportunity cost . 
  if any trade deal is weighted favourably for one party ( such as subsidies and protectionism of trading industries ) , then the deal does n't have to be made , but it will still be better than no trade because resources can be allocated more efficiently . 
   but certainly not from the submissive position of yesteryear . 
  the uk is n't looking to reestablish the empire , despite what some people on this sub will tell you . 
  trade and cooperation that help both parties are possible , commonplace , and desirable . 
  by leaving the eu , the uk intends to be more global by trading and cooperating with most of the countries in the world ; rather than the protectionist eu ( which only has free trade deals with 12 countries ) . 
  hope that helps a bit . 
   the republican tradition vs australia 's staunch monarchism australia has literally had a referendum on becoming a republic , whereas the uk has n't . 
  which one of these suggests staunch monarchism , and which suggests a move towards republicanism ? 
  the plan is to make a plan for a few months . 
  just a bit earlier than expected since may 's contenders dropped out of the leadership race . 
  they 're going to trigger in december , once they 've decided upon the exact deal the uk wants . 
  see , here 's the problem . 
  you 're talking about grammar systems whilst i was only commenting on word count . 
  it prevents trade agreements , nothing more . 
  i 'm pointing out that german can and does regularly creates words because of how their linguistic system works . 
  english ca n't create those new words , and treats nouns as adjectives in noun phrases . 
  the lancaster treaty is simply cooperation on defence and security matters , whereas truces are an agreement to not fight for a certain amount of time ( such as to treat wounded or open peace talks ) . 
  you have nato which is a defence pact , and would quickly shut down any war that started . 
  but mainly , western europe is n't going to fight among themselves . 
  i 'd go as far to say that no country in ` the west ' is going to declare war on another western country except in defence of itself or allies ; not just because of nato , but because of the shared cultures , values and friendships between western countries . 
  brexit is n't going to lead to any wars . 
  but that 's not a compound word , it 's a phrased noun . 
  german by definition does coin them more easily , since you can merge words together into long lengths , even if they are more specialist . 
  you 're arguing that noun phrases are the same as words , when they 're not . 
   you say `` english compounds have to generally be accepted for a long time '' that 's an interesting use of quotes , since i never said that , nor anything like that . 
  that is n't a split compound word , but nouns being used as adjectives , and is n't a natural way to say things in english . 
  you 'd just say regulations , or beef regulations , instead of ` beef packing oversight delegation regulations . ', 
  whereas current compound words have generally been in usage for a long time , merriam webster says oversight was first used in the fifteenth century . 
  new compound words are just adding prefixes or suffixes that can be used on any noun . 
  sure , the german rindfleische ... setz is one word , which relies on multiple different words inside it . 
  if you break it down , it 'd be similar to english because we have a similar grammar system . 
  but in german you can make all these fresh compounds , with multiple words , even if they 're not commonly used . 
  we only have more words , because english has french and latin loan words , and is open to borrowing words from other languages that are n't easily translated . 
  whereas the germans ( and the turks and finns ) , will just merge a bunch of words together and call that a new word to describe something . 
  yes , i was going off the commonly used word count . 
  if you include technical terms and unused words then english has far far more words , partly because we merged old english and old french together . 
  you ca n't really make compound words in english , only add prefixes or suffixes to them . 
  political -  politicisation . 
  yeah , we all know the kitchen stuff , because our parents always told us to not touch them when we were small . 
  i 've never come across part of a foreign language course which went through useful mundane stuff , like appliances . 
  now , despite still using some french , i 've forgotten all the mundane words , and can only remember ones actively used when i go to france . 
  it 's all about immersion . 
   sorry for the long text , i get carried away . 
  always fun to hear about different languages , 
  your literal words in the first part of this was refusing to believe i had a specific opinion , and telling me what it actually was . 
  that 's pushing an opinion . 
  could you stop trying to make a maturity argument ? 
  you 're not adding anything to the discussion here . 
  it 's the welsh for senate . 
  well , as i said , i 'm terrible at tongues . 
  some languages just have words that ca n't be directly translated . 
  i think english has 30,000 more commonly used words than german . 
  it probably helps that if your friend generally speaks about insurance in english , they 'll remember the english term more easily/first . 
  i 'll be honest , i have very little knowledge of military exercises . 
  but the nato page says portugal is n't part of that exercise . 
  if i were a gambler , i 'd place my money on an independent operation . 
  sure , i just thought baltops recently finished . 
  could be doing any number of mini-exercises . 
  could be training sonarmen ? 
  the channel is pretty busy , good place to get experience in finding specific targets with lots of background noise . 
  not knowing a word in your native tongue might just be because it does n't exist ? 
  english has a lot of ( stolen ) words compared to other languages , and germany is pretty fond of compounds . 
  i ca n't comment about thinking in other languages , since i 'm terrible at tongues . 
  it takes all my concentration to try and remember grammar rules and pronunciation , let alone speak fluently . 
  it 's why i 'm always impressed by people who speak foreign languages so well ( particularly uncommon ones which are harder to immerse yourself in ) . 
  true , and it can be interesting . 
  but i would n't want to sit through a whole debate because it tends to go quite deep in detail . 
  far easier to read an overview . 
  i quite like the life in pmqs , gets the country a bit more into politics . 
  pretty good english to follow pmqs . 
  native speakers are n't translating between thinking and speaking . 
  that said , the welsh first minister ( carwyn jones ) is fluent in welsh and english , and quickly switches between them in the senedd .
