  or is outright lying for political purposes . 
  not really sure where you 're going with this , since i said the tories were trying to make it better value for money , not that it was bad value for money . 
   the report came out in 2014 based on the year 2011 no ... quote : `` it includes information from the most recent three commonwealth fund international surveys of patients and primary care physicians about medical practices and views of their countries ' health systems ( 2011 -- 2013 ) . '', 
  oh , the commonwealth fund one . 
  that one 's all very well if you 're single-payer , as by getting the government to fund everything it bumps the nhs up the list , but if you favour actual results , the nhs does n't score so highly . 
  not sure why you 're trying to use it to discredit the tories though , since that report came out in 2014 . 
   the privatisation of the nhs how are you defining privatisation ? 
  the contracting out of services is always referred to as privatisation , but it 's intentionally misleading because those services are still free at the point of use . 
  the issue is that the contracting out is overly prevalent , and no longer doing services cheaper than the nhs could do them . 
   the tories have absolutely shat the nhs down the pan your own preferred source says that 's not true . 
   it was true in 2011 citation needed . 
  attack the tories all you want , but do n't pretend that new labour was perfect - they were completely incompetent on the nhs , throwing money at it without any care for where it was going , and this naturally led to worse results . 
   what people want to hold on to is a service that is free at the point of use and funded by general taxation , whilst wanting to keep it in public ownership and this has never changed , nor does any mainstream politician want that to change . 
  but whenever the tories try to do anything people scream ` privatisation . ', 
   but the perception and indeed the outcomes suggest that current tory policy is n't really doing much to help with that . 
  if anything it is increasing inefficiency in some of those areas . 
  perception is not reality . 
  the nhs in england , run by the tories , is miles better than the nhs in wales , ran by labour . 
  admittedly , this is n't a completely fair comparison , because welsh labour is the most incompetent political party in power . 
  on efficiency , we ca n't really say . 
  the nhs is judged on waiting lists and times in a&e and what-have-you , not efficiency . 
  so we ca n't really say how well or badly it 's doing since the last independent efficiency review . 
   lets not pretend that new labour just increased budgets without any direction they kind of did , actually . 
  the problem with new labour is that blair turned the party into a presidential system , but personally had no experience or knowledge of the nhs . 
  from the daily mail , tom bower ( an actual credible source ) wrote [ a few things on labour 's money throwing habits . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3473995/how-blair-nhs-black-hole-wasted-billions-former-pm-tried-transform-health-service-throwing-money-disastrous-results.html ) highlights include : `` a few months after the election he [ brown ] summoned the health secretary and gave him # 1 billion -- without specifying what it was for . 
  ` take it or leave it by 10p ' '' ... `` once again , brown provided a cash infusion , but it failed to do the trick . 
  over the next couple of months , waiting lists soared until they were 14 per cent higher than in 1996 '' ... `` brown handed out more cash . '', 
   that also leaves us with pfi ( which is n't exactly great , although the alternative would have been more direct public spending so . . pfi is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  some things are cheaper if you contract them out to the private sector . 
  however , this is n't always the case , and so the private sector has started to do things for more money than would cost the public sector . 
  a great/horrendous example is through contractors , who quit the nhs for a private company , then go back and do the same job for a higher private sector salary . 
  not only does the nhs have to fork out this extra money , but they also have to pay the private company for the privilege . 
   the whole ` working together ' thing would be far better , but would also require agreeing on a direction . 
  that does n't seem to be a thing at the moment . 
  not many people understand the ins and outs of the health service , particularly politicians who have to be experts on everything . 
  people are generally agreed on what the end result should be , but disagree on the method . 
  the complete lack of trust and belief in communications on both sides means that the nhs will never be what it should be without complete rejuvenation , rejuvenation which is free from party-political dick-waving and screaming matches . 
   what 's being done with the nhs the junior doctors were striking over salaries , nothing else . 
  they thought that the decrease and standardisation in overtime rates more than offset the rise in salary - despite the fact that the government said 75 % of doctors would earn more , and only 1 % would earn less . 
   it 's already pound for pound the best public health service on the face of the earth that 'd be nice if it were true , but unfortunately it 's not . 
  in europe , patients are getting better outcomes and better treatment . 
  [ the echi and oecd ] ( http://www.adamsmith.org/blog/healthcare/comparing-apples-to-apples-nhs-still-ranks-below-average/ ) says that the uk performs well below average for the healthcare system it uses , according to the oecd , the uk is one of the countries that could do the most to improve its efficiency in healthcare spending . 
   `` oh obviously now it has to be privatised because we ca n't afford it '' it 's literally just people like you and leftists who ideologically distrust the tories who say that . 
  the conservatives have no intention whatsoever of privatising the nhs . 
   it 's already pretty good value for money compared to other healthcare systems compared to other healthcare systems , we need to either cut what it provides or increase taxes to properly fund its current levels of healthcare provision . 
   than have the conservatives privatise it the conservatives do n't want to privatise it , and never have . 
  every year they 've been in power , funding has increased in real terms . 
  as for contracting out services , a policy that new labour started , it can be cheaper to do this ( but generally is n't at the moment ) , but does n't matter to the user as it 's still free at the point of delivery . 
  of course there are people who want to privatise it , but there are loons in every party , and they 're not the ones setting policy . 
   hunt 's original proposals would have seen them work even longer hours for less pay hunt 's original proposals were never going to be the final deal . 
  ultimately , the bma and government compromised , and came up with a deal that both sides were happy with . 
  the junior doctors going on strike did n't actually help with this . 
   they demanded that hunt did n't put patient safety at risk in that case , i 'll link you to an article by [ the adam smith institute . 
  ] ( http://www.adamsmith.org/blog/healthcare/five-facts-that-undermine-the-junior-doctors-strike ) highlights are that the maximum hours doctors can be made to work is actually decreasing , form 91 down to 72 hours a week . 
  the strike was over pay , not patient safety ; specifically discussions were ended over contention on weekend pay ( a cut in overtime rates balanced by a rise in salary ) . 
  the bma should have been honest that it was about salaries , and that doctors should get a bigger pay rise . 
  after all , hunt pointed out that 75 % of junior doctors would receive an increase in take home pay , and only 1 % see a loss . 
   i do n't trust the conservatives with the nhs one bit personally , i 'm glad that the tories can look at something with issues and not just think , ` let 's throw money at it . ', 
  it 's popularism and idealism of the nhs , and demonisation of the people who consider changes that 's the problem . 
  the issue i think is the idealisation of the nhs , and demonisation of everyone who thinks it 's not perfect . 
  we know the nhs wastes money on a large scale , there 's a cross-party consensus accepting that , and new labour just increasing budgets without any kind of direction only exacerbated that . 
   it clearly is n't working though the government might find some success if the bma/junior doctors and labour stopped opposing them on principle , and instead tried to work with them . 
  not that the government is n't at fault , as they 've worked with hostility for so long that they accept and so try methods where they do n't have to work with people . 
  pardon me for not joining in on the anti-tory circlejerk . 
   gps are kings and queens of fobbing people off with painkillers gps give in to pressure far too easily , and will prescribe antibiotics and expensive drugs to people who do n't want them , but demand them . 
   if the conservatives would quit trying to ruin the whole thing they 're not trying to ruin it , they 're trying to make it better value for money , as well as improve it . 
  better than labour , who just threw money at it and did n't see it improve at all ( see gps who got a pay raise and hours cut because new labour wanted votes ) . 
   when he then goes and picks fights with junior doctors the junior doctors demanded a ridiculous amount of money and hours , and in the end a sensible proposal was hammered out between them and the government . 
  it was the junior doctors that went on strike after they 'd voted for the contract . 
  you 'd be in the minority though . 
  this sub and r/europe have a much stronger identity than the real world , and the disparity is larger for the uk . 
  64 % of britons deny feeling european in any way , whilst only 15 % would describe themselves as european . 
  according to a bsa survey , what mattered more to people on deciding how to vote was economics , not identity . 
  i think we had a similar number of hours for languages ( french or german at my school ) , but we did n't ever do any literature . 
  most people started languages in year 7 ( age 11 ) , so we learnt the basics of a language , and did n't really get round to literature . 
  at gcse level ( year 10/11 ) , most reading was of custom made articles , rather than news or books . 
  i guess if most people started languages younger , then we might cover literature at a later stage , but right now most people are n't advanced enough to go through a whole book at gcse level ( although i think some are studied at a-levels - non-compulsory subjects at college , age 16-18 ) . 
  it 's just because we have so many authors ourselves , that to study foreign works you 'd have to drop a few classical british authors . 
  i think a big issue that is that it 's * english literature * , i.e. 
  works written in english . 
  translating a german book into english is n't quite the same as reading the original ; which probably explains why a couple of american books are kept , as they were originally in english and not a foreign language ( mainly * to kill a mockingbird * ) . 
  i can understand animal farm and 1986 , but despite shakespeare 's prominence , there 're a whole lot more german writers/playwrights . 
  does studying foreign literature cut down on the amount of german literature you study ? 
  if we did , i ca n't remember any . 
  we did a bunch of shakespeare ( personally i did * macbeth * , * midsummer * , and * romeo & juliet * ) ; prose such as * frankenstein * , * lord of the flies * , * mice and men * , * animal farm * ; drama such as * a view from the bridge * , * blood brothers * ; and various poets . 
  actually , just remembered we all did * to kill a mockingbird * , but i think that was the only non-british book we did . 
  everyone 's heard of the * iliad * and * odyssey * and other classics , but we never really studied them - i assume because they were n't british and because they 'd be translated . 
  it does n't really count , but in as/a-level philosophy we 'd do global philosophers ( generally plato , kant , spinoza , etc ) , for that was n't compulsory , and was focused on the philosophical part rather than anything literary . 
  oh man , goethe is n't that famous by name in the uk , but i 'm pretty sure everyone has heard of faust and the sorcerer 's apprentice . 
  i 've personally heard of the earlkonig as well . 
  some great stuff he did . 
  it 's a shame we do n't do foreign literature in the uk ( although i doubt that 'll ever change considering we also have a rich history of literature ) . 
  that 's more a case of parliament voluntarily restraining itself , than being formally constrained though . 
  whilst * implied repeal * does stop parliament ( by its own power ) from ` accidentally ' repealing any ` higher ' statutes , this is n't set in stone , and is still open to judicial interpretation . 
  i doubt that after eu law is repealed/passed into uk law proper , that * implied repeal * will continue , as there will be no more acts which set out a supranational body of law . 
  old statute will be overwritten by later statute , and devolved legislation simply wo n't apply in all parts of the country . 
  ultimately though , parliament needing to clarify an overwrite is hardly quasi-constitutional . 
  it 's a question of clarification , not a limit on parliament 's power . 
  * magna carta , which now has very few articles still in law .
