  that said , on r/jokes yesterday , there was * ` how much is donald trump 's life insurance ? ... 
  just one pence ' * since his vp is apparently useless . 
   the eu side , by economic strategy i mean , the us trade deal with the eu is never going to go ahead , but a us-uk one might . 
  by economic strategy , it 'd be better to focus on that , since it has a chance of success . 
  ah nimbyism , the scourge of reason from cork to wexford . 
  town planners refusing it then i expect . 
  rather than have cheaper to rent skyscrapers and fitting in more people ( as well as making transport more efficient ) they 'd rather sprawl . 
  sprawling is all well and good for suburbs , but eventually they 're going to have to start building tall or destroying the green belt . 
  soon they 'll reach the stage where voters are more concerned about the existence of the green belt than not having high rises . 
  poor city planning and planning applications then i 'm going to guess . 
  or maybe not wanting to ` ruin the skyline . ', 
  personally i think a few tall skyscrapers look rather good in cities , so long as they 're modern and glassy and not concrete eyesores . 
  but i guess town planning took the london ` must be able to see certain sights from everywhere ' to the extreme . 
  everywhere in the british isles , and i expect most of western europe , builds out instead of up . 
  people do n't like living in skyscrapers . 
  it might also be to do with the ground . 
  if the bedrock is too deep or not strong enough , then it 's not worth building up as the foundations are too expensive . 
  compare that to manhattan , which is unusually shallow , and so great for building skyscrapers . 
  that sounds lovely , i hear kildare is really pretty . 
  is n't that by the sea ? 
  with a beach and everything ? 
  that always jacks rent prices up . 
  if i were you i 'd move somewhere cheap so you can afford a mortgage sooner . 
  true , but if you 're in a high enough position , you could probably edit your timetable to skip rush hour . 
  and the fact that there are a lot of cars just shows that some people do drive into work . 
  yeah , but you get a luxury private bus afterwards . 
  you drop 2300euros a month on rent . 
  that 's pretty steep . 
  and a full paywall subscription rather than a few free articles per month . 
  private browsing is useless . 
  i 'm forced to read just the bbc for news now , and get all my opinion pieces from reddit links so i do n't have to wade through garbage . 
  i miss good , cheap journalism . 
  i 'm sorry , but i have to hate you now . 
  the local trains have half the number of carriages they actually need . 
  there is no luxury here . 
   it 's a privately run bus for employees in our business park . 
  you 're pricing people out of the commuter zone , just how you 're being priced out of the city proper . 
  oh , fair enough then . 
  driving is never going to be fast in the city . 
  do highly paid workers still take the shuttle-bus though ? 
  i 'd happily sacrifice time if it meant i did n't have to take the bus , or are irish buses actually good compared to the uk ( ours are shit ) ? 
  unfortunately indicative of most papers nowadays . 
  the guardian is apparently going for angsty teenage writers to oppose the mail , which just leaves the telegraph and the times , and the times is boring as hell . 
  you have a free bus that takes you 90 minutes into work and back ? 
   pretty poor from the independent that 's hardly surprising really . 
  they used to be quite good , but they took a nosedive to mail levels since the 2015 election . 
   french , spanish and german workers that i share the bus with i 'm not sure that the people taking the bus are the ones pricing you out of dublin . 
   sure , it is hating a country , or at least the politics / politian of a country so ... it is hatred ? 
  which ties directly into racism ? 
   hating somebody is n't against the subs rules . 
  no , but commenting about it normally goes against them , e.g. 
  `` racism ... and other offensive content : includes ... hate speech '' and blatantly ignores `` remain civil towards other users . '', 
  do you remember the thread a while back , where a brit complained about hostility ? 
  the thread literally turned into a circlejerk against him ( for daring to vote leave ) and apologism for abuse . 
   i personally am usually removing it unless it is making a point . 
  that 's your decision to make , but personally i 'd remove comments that break the rules , even if they do contribute in other sentences . 
  you seem to have a very different opinion of what constitutes racism . 
  hoping that a country collapses and has a recession seems to me to clearly be an example of hating that country . 
   we do remove the traitor thingys when we see then then i assume other mods authorise a bunch of them after they 've been reported . 
  sure , the whole piracy thing , accusations of racism and xenophobia , saying britain is full or traitors for daring to leave , hoping that the country breaks apart and the economy collapses ( plus all the minor stuff like ` perfidious albion , ' ` britain never contributing ' and ` britain wants it empire back ' ) . 
  i 've pointed this out to the mod team before ( the day after the result ) , but it was ignored , and it seems that various mods will ignore reports of racism because they do n't care . 
  the only consolation is that at least it 's not as bad now than how it was nine months ago . 
  civilised ? 
  everything that says something nice about the uk is downvoted , even if it 's completely true ; whilst you have massively upvoted comments calling gibraltar pirates and a den of thieves . 
   the low blow to r/europe was uncalled for . 
  no , i think not . 
  i 've put up with a shit tonne of racism directed towards me and my country , and it 's never called out or stopped by the mods . 
  they 're aware of it , they just do n't care . 
   really ? 
  this is your punchline . 
  what are you even on about . 
  a punchline is the end of a joke , not an argument btw . 
  and facts ? 
  simple . 
  gibraltar is well regulated , hardly a tax haven when compared to places like luxembourg , switzerland , and ireland . 
  and the smugglers spain keeps going on about ? 
  they 're spanish . 
  i 'd tell you to read the comment by someone actually from gibraltar , but it 's been deleted , presumably because of the antagonism it 's received . 
   never seen a thread this bad in / r/europe where have you been for the past year ? 
  this is tame compared to the shit we got after the referendum ( although that was focused on brits in general , particularly the english , rather than gibraltar ) . 
  this sub is toxic , but it is the only sub that has a large amount of european news , which is why brits use it . 
  it does seem that r/europe hates britons more than anyone else though , there was a thread a while back where someone called the sub out for the hatred , but it just turned into another anti-uk circlejerk . 
  it 's just r/europe that 's a pit of hate with shitty moderation , actual europeans are reasonably nice people ; but anonymity brings out the worst in people . 
  it 's a bit like argentina . 
  you get a few people screaming and whinging about the falklands when the rest of the country does n't give a crap ( just look at the top gear special ) . 
  britain is the eu 's and r/europe 's scapegoat right now , they 'll suddenly change their minds again when putin shoots down another plane or annexes somewhere else . 
  for now though , the facts are immaterial to the circlejerk . 
   rather than reduce the cap we negotiated for a rebate which balanced things out well , not entirely . 
  blair chucked most of the rebate away for promises of cap reform , which naturally never materialised . 
   article 50 teu allows the uk to leave the eu without being liable for outstanding financial obligations because the people who drafted it never expected anyone to actually * use * it . 
   everybody hates the midlanders sorry , never heard of them . 
  do n't you mean 'em barrassed northerners ? ', 
   where did he say you can drop from them ? 
  here : * `` blair also warned that leaving the single market ... was like falling out of the elite champion 's league into league one . 
  '' *  you ca n't drop from the olympics to a local sports day ? 
  i 'd probably criticise it because one 's a competition and the other 's a chance for kids to have fun and get family pictures . 
   the comparison is about the quality of play . 
  using either the uefa champions or efl champions does n't matter there , since they 're both higher than efl league one . 
  but he mentioned dropping from one to the other , which only works in an efl-only analogy . 
  oh sure , we 'll probably deregulate a bit , and the eu will regulate more , widening the gap ( probably with their financial transactions tax ) .
