  sure we have pensioners in spain and elsewhere , they spend all their money in spain and come back to britain for medical treatment , not exactly great circumstances for britain . 
  why should britain pay billions to europe , and allow free movement when it only wants to trade ? 
  other countries trade without such caveats , or must britain be punished because it used to be a member ? 
   you must be punished that 's not a healthy attitude to take towards democracy . 
  scotland had a referendum because of party politics . 
  scotland wants another one immediately because of party politics . 
  what major promise has been cheated , exactly ? 
  it 's a lovely building , very sleek and modern . 
  well , that 's a little unfair . 
  if there was a referendum then you could make sure everyone is informed . 
  try and stop it , if it does happen , from descending into lies from everyone . 
  vote leave outright lied about the eu , and vote remain was telling us britain would fall apart . 
  both sides are uninformed , i 've had people saying the voted for the eu to stay in the echr . 
  it works both ways . 
  oh the horror , forgetting that finland is in the eu when you 're never in the news . 
  i expect , having researched the eu , that you know all the countries that trade with it , all the various parties inside of it , and can quote the lisbon treaty off by heart ? 
  naturally in finland , you have to prove you 're clever enough before you can vote , otherwise you 're too dumb to be allowed . 
  and you say knowing which countries are in the eu is important . 
  but for the vote , it was n't . 
  it was about britain 's relationship with the whole of the eu , not with each member state . 
  do n't expect everyone to remember about finland when you 're such a small country . 
  and again with the insults ? 
  do you have nothing better to do than accuse everyone who disagrees with you as stupid , xenophobic and racist ? 
  i 've said it already , i understand the eu and how it works . 
  i know you do n't believe me because i 'm british , and therefore dumb and deluded . 
  i 'm not demanding compassion , i 'm requesting respect and politeness ; i did n't expect such hostility from other people because britain voted to leave a political union it did n't want to be part of . 
  it 's trade that the uk wants , and economically speaking , free trade is always good for countries . 
  it 's not preferential treatment at all . 
  you 've said you 've been done with me before , and still replied , so pardon me if i do n't believe you . 
  so , i pose the same questions again . 
  how is britain leaving treachery , and why does it deserve such hostility ? 
  britain has n't , after all , torn the clubhouse down , merely walked out of it . 
  and how has brexit destroyed the lives of millions of people ? 
  i do n't know unfortunately , but i do n't think that will provoke a swing to independence if scotland leaves . 
  people identify as northern irish , not northern irish-scottish . 
  well i 'm sorry for forgetting you 're part of the eu , no-one 's perfect . 
  there 's no need to be angry about a simple mistake . 
  and i am quite knowledgeable about the eu , forgetting one thing does n't mean i know nothing . 
  i 'm quite aware of how the eu works , and why britain voted to leave . 
   i am not surprised the slightest about the result you voted i voted in . 
  i wish i had n't now , with the levels of hostility from you and others on this sub . 
  it 's shocking to me that you think voting to leave the eu is somehow a betrayal and way of destroying millions of lives . 
  still not clear on that train of thought . 
  fyi , people googling about repercussions of the eu is kids who do n't know what it is , and people looking up what will happen now because of the uncertainty . 
  it 's not because britain is filled with idiots , and some people on this sub have claimed . 
  free trade without free movement is an international standard though . 
  free movement of capital is an extension of that , free movement of people is not . 
  and free movement of people has also exacerbated problems . 
  britain has massive strain on its public resources and infrastructure , places like poland have too many people leaving and are suffering brain drain . 
  that 's an issue then , if you have people in your country who want trade but not politics , and people who want both . 
  personally , i believe a referendum will at least settle the question . 
  i do n't know my way around them , i do n't spend my evenings flicking through countless pieces of legislation . 
  that 's why i linked you to wikipedia , which has a summary . 
  it 's literally the third result on google . 
  but i 've said . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  there are far too many barriers to stop the snp if they try to do so . 
  westminster can suspend the scottish parliament , they 've done it to northern ireland before . 
  and they would n't have support , because westminster can just point out that there was a remain result less than two years ago . 
  they can do this , and they will do this . 
  there is precedent , and the snp would be so far over the line of ultra vires that they would n't even be able to see it . 
  i 'm a little irritated , because you keep asking the same question , and ignoring the same answer i keep giving you . 
  nothing can happen , because scotland can not do it . 
  if they try , westminster , the electoral commission , and the courts will put a stop to it as its illegal , because of the scotland act . 
  refer to wikipedia . 
  i ca n't see a deal being agreed if it actively helps german car manufactures and then turns around and tells the city it ca n't trade in the eu either . 
  there 's no damage to keeping trade free , so why place tariffs on it ? 
  south korea , algeria and mexico do n't . 
  the usa wo n't when ttip is passed . 
  why should britain ? 
  my bad , i got confused . 
  i remembered you were n't part of nato , and thought you were n't part of the eu either . 
  no , i do n't understand why you do n't get this . 
  britain wants the best for itself , just like , as you 've stated , the eu wants the best for itself . 
  britain does n't want everything at everyone 's expense , it wants an arrangement that 's fair to both sides . 
  you 're entirely missing my point . 
  britain wants the best for itself . 
  that does n't mean it wants a deal that damages the eu member states , it wants a compromise that benefits both sides . 
  this is entirely different to you thinking that `` britain must get everything they want on other countries expense . '', 
  we have no interest in having things at other peoples expense . 
  none . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
   there is zero reasons to be polite , nice or consider britain \u00b4 s best . 
  there 's never a good reason to be impolite and not nice . 
  you should n't be working for the best for britain , but you should n't be working against britain 's interests either . 
   you insulted us in every way possible . 
  what insult ? 
  is leaving an economic union such a slap in the face to you ? 
  do you now consider the uk to be your enemy because we do n't agree on the future of the eu ? 
  what exactly is wrong with the uk leaving , and letting the remaining members create the eu they want . 
  we did n't tear anything down on the way out , we 're not telling other people to quit , we 're withdrawing from the union and intending to remain friends . 
  it 's a little confusing , because you seem to be acting like britain ripped the entire thing apart and destroyed it for everyone else . 
   there is not a single reason to start moaning for nice behavior now . 
  we 're not moaning for nice behaviour either . 
  we 're simply continuing working with europe , being friends with europe , allied with europe , just in a different manner . 
  most people expected this all to be amicable . 
  european leaders have been polite , they regret the decision but say it 's britain 's to make , that they 'll still work with us as friends . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by a tantrum either . 
  britain did n't like the way europe was going . 
  britain tried to reform it , ultimately the reforms did n't go far enough and we left , and now the reforms are n't happening for anyone .
