  there 's no tantrum , we 're just trying to be good neighbours . 
  i may regret asking considering your hostility to the uk , but how exactly have we destroyed the lives of millions of people ? 
  i told you , it 's the scotland act 1998 . 
  there 's your source . 
  can you not be bothered to google ? 
  it 's on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland_act_1998 ) and the full version is available direct from the [ government ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/46/contents ) . 
  they do n't have that power . 
  they know they do n't have that power . 
  the snp is just pretending they do because their raison d'etre is to leave the union . 
  scotland 's polls show they do n't want independence , turnout implies they 're tired of referenda . 
  i 've said above what would happen too . 
  parliament and the courts , as well as the independent electoral commission would stop it going ahead . 
  they wo n't be able to hold a referendum . 
  there are too many obstacles , both legally and through society . 
  they can only wait for polls to show strong support for separation , and try and use that as a mandate , or wait for 2020 and campaign for the scottish parliamentary elections on the platform of another referendum , likely leading to neverendum , as they refuse to accept the answer no . 
  no , today is a dip before rising to what it was on the 21st . 
  i just thought you 'd try and be graciously polite about it i suppose . 
  putting the eu ahead of the uk makes sense , ~ ~ although your flair says finland so i do n't know why you 'd be doing that . ~ ~ finland 's part of the eu , i forgot about that . 
  interfering in the internal business of another state , and sneering that you hope one side loses because they 're not in the club anymore ? 
  that just seems petty to me . 
  uh , no ? 
  the uk has left the eu and its institutions . 
  you do n't have to pay membership dues to trade with the eu , just to be a full member . 
  corsair is generally just another word for pirate for us . 
  probably because we saw your corsarios/privateers as just pirates :p, 
  christ , brits do n't give a damn about the empire , we never have . 
  it 's ancient history now , but you chaps insist on bringing it up . 
  britain wants special treatment because it exists to serve its people . 
  if something is bad for your population , then why should it be supported ? 
  everyone has a veto and can request privileges and opt-outs , the uk is n't the only country with opt-outs , so why are we the only ones getting shit for having them ? 
  britain did n't grow up as a superpower . 
  a global power yes , the uk is well ranked economically , diplomatically , culturally , and militarily . 
  it 's not these achievements that entitles us to anything , it 's being a sovereign people that entitles us , just as every country in the world is entitled to privileges and self-determination . 
  being fairly powerful , we tend to be more successful , but how is that a bad thing ? 
   the gloves are off . 
  you decided , you will pay . 
  end of story . 
  seriously ? 
  this is your reaction ? 
  britain decided to leave , let 's get revenge ? 
  that 's not a healthy attitude to take . 
  there 's no reason for uk-european relations to be anything but amicable . 
  sorry , but , how is that arrogant and selfish ? 
  why do you want me to be a loser ? 
  harsh much ? 
  the scottish parliament does n't have that power because it 's a reserved matter under the scotland act 1998 . 
  under that , elections , referenda and other constitutional changes are reserved to the westminster parliament . 
  easier when you have a bunch of history qualifications :p , still pretty good though . 
  i laughed . 
  privateers had letters of marque from their monarch , legalising their raids on state enemies . 
  that letter was the only thing making their action legal . 
  drake and his compatriots of course , had great fun nicking aztec gold for elizabeth . 
  ahh , glorious piracy and gunboat diplomacy , 
  i 'd have preferred if the uk remained in too , but the eu has n't helped the poorest in the country , and so they voted in record numbers and managed to pull us out . 
  i 'd like to see this create a two-tier europe , with the british tier being trade and free movement of goods , services and capital , but not movement . 
  and the other tier being the integrationist , political part of the eu ( i.e. 
  german-franco ambitions ) . 
  that way , all countries can get a good trade deal , and it would n't embolden nexit and dexit ( these words suck ) , because there 'd be a two-tier union . 
  trade tier , which i do n't think anyone is against ; and ` federal ' tier , where you have the union . 
  ultimately , the uk is likely to join the association agreement . 
  i do n't know what effect this 'll have on the netherlands , i think your wilders has called for a referendum but is a minority party ? 
  i hope there are referendums to settle the issue , and pro-trade anti-political countries can have their own tier that they actually want . 
  maybe that 'll get norway to join . 
  you 're not making much sense to me i 'm afraid . 
  the uk voted to leave the eu , of which the common market is a part . 
  it wants a degree of access , in the form of free trade . 
  the uk does n't have a problem with european trade and the customs union , but the politicisation and free movement parts of the eu . 
  it 's a step away from homogenising the market and giving power to brussels , but whether that 's good or bad is subjective . 
  waiting till october makes sense , the government wants a leaver to head negotiations obviously , and october is conference and when a new leader/prime minister will be elected . 
  well , if you want free trade too then what 's the problem ? 
  what politics do you mean exactly ? 
  bearing in mind the uk left the eu precisely because it 's become political . 
  you have n't been reading good sources , they must ask permission , it 's the law . 
  i expect that the agencies that are responsible for elections ( electoral commission , etc ) will follow westminster instructions to block it . 
  pending a courts decision on what to do , the scottish parliament might be suspended . 
  then there would be fresh elections , and the court may decide to block leading referenda pushers from standing from election , due to breaking the law . 
  i do n't know . 
  the eu is supposed to be a trade group but there are only a couple dozen external agreements , we 're only just getting started on the usa . 
  what about china , japan and new zealand ? 
  the eu is too focused inwardly , it 's become less about trade and more about integration . 
  it needs to slow that down and start getting trade agreements with the rest of the world to help boost its own growth . 
  i 'm not being rude , i 'm trying to explain what britain wants and why . 
  and why includes how free trade is good for all parties . 
  yes , i 'm aware that free trade and the common market are different . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  but the uk has voted to leave the common market , and is pro-free trade . 
  similarly , the eu has free trade agreements with other countries . 
  why would the eu refuse free trade because it preferred britain in the common market ? 
   no country except greenland has ever left the eu . 
  and now the uk has left too . 
  it wants to do that amicably , and i expect europe wants a good relationship too . 
  it 's just this subreddit that seems hellbent on demonising the uk and refusing trade . 
  people from pakistan have to be skilled to get a visa and be able to work here . 
  the commonwealth countries are generally skilled people . 
  whereas anyone in the eu can waltz into any country , and in recent years this means unskilled workers become competitors to britain 's working class . 
  there 's a reason that the working class doubled their usual turnout and voted out , it 's because the eu is providing unwelcome competition . 
  there are eu migrants with uni degrees , but there are a lot that do n't . 
  and it 's the ones that do n't have degrees which are putting extra strain on the uk ( housing , education , nhs , and transport being the main ones ) . 
  in international terms , london is still a powerweight without the eu . 
  remember , capital and service markets are n't well integrated yet .
