   war mongering countries like the us and uk oh , you mean , the two most powerful militaries on the planet . 
  smart . 
  also pretty weird , seeing as war-mongering is immaterial to a * defensive * alliance . 
  europe would n't be obliged to include themselves in wars of aggression . 
  mainly weird because the uk is n't as war-mongering as you seem to think . 
  if it 's an european army , then surely all current french forces would be eu forces , and so would n't be allowed to do peacekeeping in africa ? 
  right , but in a common army , the rest of europe would have a veto on that . 
  france would n't be able to use its military to fulfil its interests if it was held back by weak defence-only members . 
   you can , if you already have them . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  you can upgrade them , but you ca n't increase the number you have . 
   there would no war if there 's nuclear deterrence . 
  assured mutual annihilation has been serving us for over 70 years now . 
  for europe , yes . 
  but that does n't mean there were proxy wars elsewhere . 
  automatically turning a boots and guns war into nuclear war is not a winning strategy for civilisation . 
  i quite enjoy being extant rather than extinct . 
  at the same time , why should n't french soldiers fulfil interests in those countries ? 
  would an eu army block something like that ? 
  nato is n't a defence union though , it 's a defensive alliance . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  at all . 
   spreading out the nuclear arsenal ( as well as expanding it ) illegal under international law . 
  you ca n't create new nuclear weapons ( only upgrade ) or give nuclear weapons away . 
   a retaliating nuclear strike on whoever will try to invade europe france and the uk already provide a nuclear umbrella across europe , the latter also providing one over the commonwealth . 
  but in what world is making a standard war nuclear a good idea ? 
  because the last time there was war in europe was a long time ago . 
  oh wait , britain intervened in the former yugoslavia too . 
  huh , google is really bad at translating dutch . 
  the impression that i 've got from various international studies is that in outcomes , the netherlands are on top . 
  but that does n't necessarily translate to the best costs . 
  of course , at the same time , both the brits and dutch enjoy complaining a lot , so you ca n't easily look at attitudes . 
  in the uk , a lot of people think the tories want to privatise the nhs ( they do n't ) and at every election the labour party uses some variation of ' x hours/days to save the nhs ! ', 
  this is of course ignoring wales , where devolved health is run by welsh labour , and is shit . 
  on medicine scarcity , that article says your minister of health claims it 's a global problem , but i 'd also blame poor prescription policy . 
  i 'm not intimately aware of how the dutch system works , but in the uk doctors and gps will routinely prescribe expensive and unnecessary medication for no reason , or if the patient merely requests it ( which wastes a lot of money ) . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate the translation is , but it also says that you have a department for health , welfare and sport too . 
  our health and welfare departments are separated , which might help with efficiency and ministers knowing what they 're saying . 
  yeah , that is one of the failings of the dutch health system . 
  but if you look at outcomes , it 's the best . 
  if you look at cost , the nhs is the best, 
  because we 've never done that in the past / s, 
  it might be a question of recent opposition . 
  british policy towards russia has remained fairly constant , but the american attitude sways with their president . 
  obama 's soft touch improved relations because he was n't a conspiracy theorist . 
   it never could ( uk has border controls ) , and eu could not force the hand of anyone you do realise that if anyone from anywhere in the eu wanted to get into the uk , they could without any barriers at all ? 
  the uk has border controls , but that means it checks passports , not that if refuses entry to eu countries . 
   e.g. 
  to accept the refugies from that wave in 2015 . 
  that 'd be a reasonable point if it had n't happened before . 
  foreign nationals who ca n't get visas for the uk could get passports from other eu countries , and then move here . 
   i know this is hard to admit for brits , but yeah you needed the us to defend you against the soviet union or , alternatively , defending our historical allies that actually helped in the world wars before victory was a question of * when * and not * if * . 
  the british * empire * , as it was then , was a large and historical power with an impressive army and the largest and best navy in the world ; the soviet union was n't as much of a threat to western europe as you 'd like to believe . 
  it was n't a question of defending britain against a conquered europe ( since we 'd done that before in the battle of britain ) , but defending our friends and allies on the continent . 
  neither the usa nor the uk ( nor france for that matter ) were at particular risk from soviet expansion . 
  defend ourselves from who , exactly ? 
  we were neighboured by ireland , norway , denmark , france and an occupied germany ; all of whom were either friendly or not a threat . 
  the original membership was solidarity in western europe , not countries that were on the brink of declaring on each other . 
  england 's a country in the uk too . 
  but that 's no reason to pin the blame on them for everything . 
  if the uk was isolationist , it 'd never have joined nato in the first place . 
  that was n't the intention of the blair government at the time though . 
  the expansion of the eu was n't seen as a way to damage the project at all . 
  blair is a massive europhile . 
  being in the eu stopped britain from controlling immigration from * inside * the eu . 
  all and sundry could wander in , even if they did n't have skills or a full grasp of english . 
  180,000 net migration is pretty big , especially since most are coming for work . 
  compare that to non-eu migration , which is controlled , and has half coming for studies , and just under a third being skilled migration ( i.e. 
  people the uk actually needs ) . 
   britain has never been a part of the eu or europe that 's one of the dumbest things i 've heard . 
  the uk is geographically part of europe , even if culturally it 's rather different . 
  and the uk has been part of the eu for over 40 years . 
  did you mean to say that the uk has n't been part of the federalisation project , or does n't agree with you ? 
  but that 's a rather different scenario . 
   any involvement has only ever been to obstruct the progress are we ignoring the pro-expansion stance the british government took ? 
  with all the new members and trade deals that the uk continually pushed for ? 
   success of european projects like the euro , sovereign debt crisis , migrant crisis , inaction over syria and ukraine , and greece ? 
  i hope you 're not trying to pin that on the uk . 
  apart from the radar systems and quick-response jets . 
  plus of course , the type 45 and type 23 that were shadowing it . 
  you do n't need an entire fleet to watch ships go through your home waters . 
  we have naval defences along the coast you know . 
  brexit was purely a vote on the eu , not europe . 
  if russia starts invading nato countries , britain will be the first country to start wrecking their shit . 
  the issue is the me and non-nato russian neighbours , who might not have the usa on hand to stop russian bullying . 
  it 's mainly covered by the book * operation mincemeat * by ben macintyre . 
  [ amazon uk link ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/operation-mincemeat-story-changed-course/dp/1408809214 ) . 
  and thanks to a dead welsh tramp , the germans believed that the allies would attack greece and sardinia instead of sicily . 
  multiple divisions as well as rommel were moved to greece , including two panzer divisions on the eastern front , which also helped the soviets . 
  one of the greatest deceptions in history . 
   so and so little nordic country nobody ever hears about , no way i 'm not sure where you 're getting that from , but in the uk we generally use the scandinavian countries as a benchmark for improvement . 
  getting up to their standards in healthcare and living standards is something the country aims for . 
   including your country the netherlands has one of the best healthcare systems in the world , is miles ahead of its closest competitors , and is improving year on year . 
  norway and switzerland come close , the former thanks to tonnes of oil money being invested . 
  that was the commonwealth fund in 2014 , and it was out of eleven countries , and placed a disproportionate bias favouring single-payer systems over actual outcomes . 
  on other merits , such as the oecd & ehci , the nhs does significantly worse . 
  i thought you were the original chap who made that point and who i was originally arguing against . 
  i do n't have tags on so i completely missed it . 
  okay , bbc first as i know there 's no paywall there . 
  the relevant quote is `` he would now start prosecuting countries that were in breach of the directive in its original form . '',
