  unfortunately , that cliche has n't disappeared . 
  there are a bunch of idiots ( concentrated in london ) who seem to think that because rural people vote differently and have different concerns , that they must be wrong , and therefore racist/xenophobic/other buzzword of the day . 
  when people talk about ` little britain , ' they tend to imply that rural britons are living in the past , and are closed off to the world . 
  conversely , people in the countryside get cheesed off at londoners and other ` metropolitan elites ' for dismissing their concerns because they do n't live in the city . 
  yes , it refers to people who live out in the countryside in villages , small towns , and on the edges of suburbs . 
  you can generally differentiate between the countryside and cities by whether you can smell horseshit or diesel . 
  it 's a fallout 4 reference , there 's a faction which made synthetic humanoids ( otherwise known as * synths * ) , who wander the map ( which is called the * commonwealth * ) . 
  in game , most people are paranoid and prejudiced against synths , because they fear they could be kidnapped and replaced by them , since their are sentient synths that are indistinguishable from regular humans . 
  i would n't get so cocky , you 're in the exact same boat as us there . 
  because it 's impolite to talk about people behind their backs . 
  edit . 
  also , so people can defend themselves . 
  you should tag people like / u/trucidator when you mention them , so they can see that you 've mentioned them . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on the iceland case either , but it 's an example of conflicting regulations and potential outcomes despite similar principles . 
  the uk wanted iceland to pay up , iceland wanted a deal where they 'd have a repayment plan that they could drop out of a few years down the line , and the courts just cleared it . 
  a degree of harmonisation ( or an international banking agreement ) could have saved a lot of time and effort . 
  ( i only stayed up to date with it at the time , so i 've lost the sources down the abyss of time i 'm afraid ) . 
  depositor protections are complex because you can have foreign savings , do you bail your own citizens or domesticated accounts , or a combination ? 
  will other countries do the same ? 
  if they have the same framework in place , whether through an agreement ( probably a trade treaty ) or through harmonisation , then it simplifies the process . 
  you do n't necessarily need to harmonise regulations for purely domestic banking/services , but i feel that international transfers should exist in a common framework - with periodic chances for review so that it does n't become outdated . 
   force those banks to get customers to acknowledge risks perhaps everyone can agree that they 'll only cover their own citizens ' domestic savings . 
  if you send money over seas for higher rates , you 're not protected ; and any money transferred over to the uk is n't protected either . 
  after all , foreigners are n't uk taxpayers , and the uk ca n't be expected to bail foreign accounts when it 's only responsible for the british economy . 
  sure , different regulation is important for competition , but a degree of harmonisation is better for stronger global growth . 
  take shipping containers for example , the standardisation there helps reduce costs and promote global trade , moreso than if each country or shipping company used different dimensions . 
   but the regulation of financial services is not an area in which this should apply to the detailed content of regulations , but instead should apply to principles there 's still the question of where to draw the line though . 
  the world is too complex to live with just basic principles , you need more concrete ideas and principles in order to promote confidence . 
  take the fscs for example , the exact minutiae is n't as important as the threshold and who pays out - we 've already had one court case with iceland where the uk had to bail out private savings because of differing regulations . 
   ireland previously said to the eu that they supported financial transactions tax if and only if every eu country agreed to it ah , the classic ' i do n't like this but someone else can stop it for me . ', 
  since the smaller countries are going to have to start standing up for themselves rather than relying on the uk , it might push the eu into actually reforming , although it would surprise me if they just tried to scrap veto powers instead . 
   if they were this flexible , we might have stayed that wording implies that they are flexible , just not flexible enough . 
  the trouble with the single services market is that it is n't very singular for services , and when it comes to banking , the eu is surprisingly interested in helping everywhere but the eu become more competitive . 
  just look at their sentiment on euro clearing . 
   the commission is culturally obsessed with hamonisation which is fine in itself , in an increasingly global world you want and need harmonisation . 
  but for the eu it 's the end goal , not the means . 
   they have n't yet admitted it , but it is not going to happen . 
  i 'd wager that they try to introduce it again , soon after we formally leave the eu . 
  only without the big bad boogeyman , somewhere like ireland , luxembourg , or the netherlands are going to have to stand up and veto it instead . 
   however , this would not be something that the eu wants , because essentially it would give the uk a competitive advantage . 
  they could n't exactly stop it though , could they ? 
  it 'd just be an extension of abiding by different international regulations for goods . 
  it 's not anti-competitive behaviour , just competitive behaviour . 
  unless they also switched up to have single market arms and international arms , although i do n't see how they 'd be able to compete if they introduced the financial transactions tax . 
  yes , exactly . 
  the redditor above implied that spain did n't meet the 2 % target because it was alone against its only real threat , whereas most nato members do n't have direct threats anyway , and still manage to spend more . 
  the usa and uk are special cases in nato though , not having any particular threats but still spending over 2 % for collective defensive . 
  other countries do n't have much risk and are n't bothering with the 2 % , and so are n't joining in the spirit of collective defence , even if they would respond to article 5 . 
  true , although the uk was decolonising , and you 'd expect a change in treaties after seventy odd years . 
   they 're just not getting it . 
  well i hope other eu countries can grow some balls too and not cave in to eu demands . 
   we 've been tightening our belts for years now to reduce deficit and debt the debt question is ridiculous . 
  countries like the uk sacrificed potential growth by paying a percentage of gdp to debt repayments for decades , whilst countries like germany recovered on debt forgiveness , and now they 're preaching that austerity and repayment is the way forwards - when they have n't actually had to go through it . 
  now the southern economies are being wrecked because of this viewpoint , when they ( especially greece ) wo n't ever be able to feasibly repay the debt . 
   we did that to the students , we did that to the elderly , we did it to the blue collars and to the middle class the uk is in a similar position . 
  everything 's being cut ( besides a few ringfenced departments like the nhs ) , and yet people whinge and whine . 
  people want higher spending alongside lower taxes and a falling deficit , which just is n't possible . 
  and yet the eu barely had a 3.3 % reduction , and continues wasting money on cap and structural funds , the latter of which are going to countries that barely suffered in the crash . 
   i only see solidarity going one way in europe solidary equals money ? 
  germany is blind to anything that goes against its views , and the eu has just lost its most outspoken critic/alternative viewpoint . 
  citizens may be in solidarity , but the leadership only looks to solidarity when they can benefit from it . 
  the usa is like that , i 'm not so sure about portugal , france , and britain . 
  in a defensive war , spain would likely receive a lot of help . 
  that is the trouble with nato though , it 's focused on areas rather than states . 
  it should , by treaty , recognise states and their boundaries ( and disputes ) and that they 'd always be defended in war , irregardless of geographic location . 
  the uk had the same issue in the falklands , no direct help from our allies ( besides logistics , refueling , and exocet help ) - which meant the taskforce was completely british , where an extra american carrier would have really helped . 
  but the uk recognised , and recognises , that it should still be defending its allies , and so commits to the 2 % target . 
  it 's joining in with collective defence even without direct risk . 
  fun fact though , argentina did try to bomb a ship in gibraltar to try and stop the taskforce , which would have led to article 5 and the argentine junta losing far faster and with less casualties . 
  right , but the eu is going to be gunning for increased contributions to make up the shortfall rather than looking to revise the budget . 
  i ca n't see them ever settling for a budget reduction . 
  a dutch rebate is probably a good idea though , looking at [ net by population ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start ) , the netherlands and luxembourg pay the most by far . 
  the trouble is , the eu is notoriously bad at reform if it does n't involve more money or integration . 
  blair , for example , chucked away most of the british rebate for cap reform , and nothing happened . 
   i think in this new europe of no-solidarity this is called for . 
  i think there 's plenty of solidarity in europe , so long as you 're not too loud when going against mainstream opinion . 
  the trouble is that there is n't enough communication or understanding of other countries , and an unwillingness to understand . 
  taking the big two examples , british leavers are called racists/xenophobes for concern over immigration ; whilst greeks get their economy pounded because of their old leadership and german heavy-handedness ( the latter especially galling since germany 's history is based on forcing other countries to pay debts , whilst having its own forgiven ) . 
   because the prospect of leaving university with 30k debt puts people of from pursuing it ? 
  it does n't , actually . 
  applications have gone up every year , with no negative change from the higher fees . 
  probably because we have a great education system that explains that it 's not standard debt - it 's more like a graduate tax which is wiped after 30 years . 
  one tags look better though . 
  you can make a direct line between se ireland ( around cork ) and brittany , but it is quite a bit further ( and more expensive ) than going through england and wales . 
  reducing net contributions to the eu probably is n't going to be popular . 
  there 's already a shortfall from britain 's net contribution , i ca n't see the eu accepting that reduction * and * its biggest contributors cutting their own contributions . 
  a pity that clemenceau did n't listen to them . 
  it 's interesting though , since germany might have collapsed had the french at the time got their way and crippled germany even more as well as creating a rhine buffer state , that germany might have been incapable of recovering and waging war for another few decades . 
  then again , czechoslovakia ... 
  that said , it 's quite likely that if spain was defending ceuta and melilla against morroco , they 'd get a lot of support from nato allies to make sure they won . 
  similar to the uk in the falklands war , nato probably would n't directly help , but it would indirectly make sure spain did n't lose ( and if they started losing , step in ) . 
  britain and denmark got special opt-outs from the euro , everyone else is supposed to join it one day , they just deliberately delay because they do n't want to . 
  countries like poland and sweden do n't actually have an opt-out . 
  haha , no it would n't . 
  any changes to the electoral system are massively unpopular . 
  last time there was a serious proposal to change it ( that could have gone through ) was when new labour committed itself to pr . 
  then they got a landslide victory and decided majorities were actually quite nice . 
  and if you nearly have a majority , you 're not going to risk pr because then you 'll never be completely successful . 
  oh , i see what you mean . 
  i disagree that the euro would have worked if promises had been kept though , since markets were able to take advantage of the euro , much like they did with the uk and the erm .
