  gaelic signs are put up in areas that never spoke gaelic , and areas that have n't spoken gaelic for centuries . 
   you are implying that because gaelic has less speakers it 's of less importance than scots or english by definition , it is less important . 
  50,000 people speak gaelic , and most of them are on the western isles . 
   it 's a part of scotland 's cultural heritage again , no . 
  it 's a regional language , not a national one . 
  and because it 's small , it 's hardly a big part of scotland 's heritage . 
  it 'd be far better to spread culture that everyone in scotland is related to , not something that benefits one percent of the population . 
   there 's a big emphasis on promoting languages because otherwise they die , plain and simply . 
  this is made so that languages which historically have been repessed/ignored can have an equal footing with the national languages in their respective territories . 
  negating this leads to a diglossic situation , which means it will be percieved as being inferior , thus ceasing to be transmitted through the generations personally i find disglossia a bad thing . 
  much better to have one language , and so better communication , particularly so with gaelic , which is spoken by hardly anyone ( and those who do speak it , already speak english ) . 
  and i do n't see why we should keep minor languages alive . 
   i feel sad you see it as divisive , it should n't be like that . 
  no , but talking in a tiny language when 99 % of people only speak english means that gaelic is less a minor language , and more a nationalistic statement or private code . 
   those interviews and reports are conducted in english in order to share resources with the rest of the bbc or because they 're not part of the one percent , and vocal gaelics therefore feel they should n't be interviewed . 
  still , the sharing point is true . 
  most people only watch alba because it 's got sport on it ( there are more viewers than speakers ) . 
   stuffing english down gaelic speakers ' throats literally impossible , since they all speak english . 
  speaking of , since everyone speaks english , why not just put money in english channels , so 100x more people can use the shows . 
   a deterrent for viewers to learn the language i feel the main deterrent with learning gaelic is that everyone who speaks it also speaks english . 
  welcome to reddit . 
   only because the welsh never dared to revolt against the english well that 's just not true . 
  owain glynd\u0175r led a major revolt in the early 1400 's , and there were sporadic local revolts after that . 
  the incorporation of wales into england was what stopped the large revolts . 
   while scotland did regularly after the pu , the only scottish revolts were to overthrow james because he was catholic , and to overthrow william as part of the wider jacobite revolts . 
  scotland was hardly a country of regular revolt , you 've been watching too much braveheart . 
   and therefore the english government went particularly after them , banning clans , their tartans , enforcing anglicanism , and spearheading the highland clearances okay , you 've got all your facts mixed up here . 
  the english crown did n't go after them , they did n't need to , and had no interest in doing so . 
  it was poor , quiet , and far away . 
  if you have credible sources for english nobles and mps going specifically after gaelic clans , then feel free to share them . 
  however , i expect you 'll find only measures that affected gaelic-speaking areas , but were n't passed as an attack of gaelic ( perhaps anti-jacobite measures or anti-king james measures , neither of which were passed to remove gaelic ) . 
  enforcing anglicanism ? 
  which type ? 
  besides , that 's also not an attack on gaelic . 
  there were fights thanks to the jacobite rebellion , but that had everything to do with the glorious revolution and nothing to do with language . 
  as for the highland clearances , it 's a common misconception that these were introduced by the english as some sort of anti-scotland measure . 
  in actuality , it was carried about by hereditary clan chiefs who wanted to switch to more profitable sheep farming . 
  it was a scottish measure entirely , and did not target anyone for religious or ethnic reasons . 
   for a century , after the battle of culloden , where highlands clans supported the stuarts against the english backed hanoverians , tartans were outlawed . 
  george ii 's army at culloden had a significant number of scottish lowlanders and highlander , and many clans supported the hanoverians . 
  it was n't a battle of england against scotland . 
  the dress act was also only in force for 36 years , not a century ( and did n't include kilts worn in the army ) . 
  it 's worth noting that the repeal was announced in both england and gaelic . 
  to find any repression of gaelic you have to go back to the education ( scotland ) act 1872 , which enforced english education in schools . 
  considering english was the only official language , this is hardly surprising , but personally i 'd take actually teaching an extra 300,000 children efficiently over keeping a nearly dead language alive . 
  finally , it 's worth noting that it was scotland that started the repression of gaelic , and it fell out of favour long before the king of scotland inherited the crown of england . 
  also , none of this has anything to do with spending # 26million on gaelic being a waste of money . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the last time it had a presence in the south , scotland was n't in personal union with england , and england was midway through the hundred year war . 
   scots bigger than gaelic , although the surveys are never particularly accurate . 
  maybe government mistakes it for the scottish dialect of english , and are confused why people keep bringing it up . 
   bristol is n't in wales ... no idea what your point is on that one exactly ? 
  my point is that gaelic is a regional language , yet gaelic signs are put up in places where gaelic is n't spoken . 
  it 's just as silly as putting welsh signs up in bristol . 
   do n't see the issue on the scottish government and the bbc who are taxpayer funded and represents us all including gaelic speakers because taxpayer money is being spent on a few speakers , instead of everyone . 
  unless you 're saying gaelic speakers will only use bbc alba , then you 're just making a service which is deliberately excluding most of the population . 
   in what way is it being stuffed down your throat exactly ? 
  seeing a few bilingual signs ? 
  if a bunch of road signs are replaced with bilingual ones where the language is n't spoken , then it does feel like the language is being pushed on people who neither want it nor speak it . 
  the big emphasis on promoting a one percent language can feel over the top , i expect more people speak french . 
   i 've yet to hear the gaelic community make that complaint about people being interviewed in english , i suspect you 've just made that one up . 
  bbc news article . 
  the wiki summary is in english though : `` the gaelic community , including writers aonghas macneacail , angus peter campbell , lisa storey and musician allan macdonald , have criticised the non-availability of gaelic subtitles , and the emphasis on english language interviews and reportage in the channel 's content for adults . '', 
  most of the complaints are apparently in gaelic , and google translate is n't very good there . 
  it was n't spoken in the south-east actually , and was only briefly spoken in the central belt . 
  the surviving dialects are only from the highlands and the hebrides . 
  scots was spoken in the south , and would be a better choice to spend money on , seeing as there are far more speakers . 
  well , presumably the road signs do cost a tad more , as they have to be larger , but that 's probably a minuscule cost . 
  although going by the number of complaints about gaelic signs going up in the south where gaelic was never spoken , i 'd say the snp should probably restrict bilingual signs to bilingual areas . 
  you do n't see welsh signs around bristol after all . 
  the scottish government does spend # 26million on gaelic stuff though , which it does n't need to and is a waste of money . 
  bbc alba being on for six ( i thought it was seven ? ), 
  hours a day does n't diminish the point that it 's also a waste . 
  the # 8million the beeb spends on it could be spent on something that everyone in scotland could enjoy , or maybe everyone in the uk . 
  i do n't know what anyone has any issues with private companies funding the rest , it 's not the taxpayers money so we should n't give a damn . 
   the speaking being fellow scots who have a right to have it acknowledged i 'd say most people are fine with it being acknowledged , the issue is that it can feel like it 's being stuffed down our throats and being a tad divisive . 
  it 's a national gaelic initiative for a regional language . 
  and it does n't help that gaelic communities complain when interviews on bbc alba are in english , you ca n't expect famous people to learn an obscure language just for them . 
  personally , i 'm not too thrilled that apparently there 's pushes for spending in education and gaelic mediums , which is over the top for a one percent language which is n't going to help children in the future . 
  just my two cents . 
  recognised as a regional language , sure . 
  but there are n't any monolingual citizens , so the road signs and gaelic channels are a waste of money . 
  because it 's seen as a waste of money and a pet project rather than something necessary or helpful . 
  it 's also not an historical language of scotland ( it only existed in the north-west ) , and is spoken by about 1 % of the population . 
  if you compare scottish gaelic to welsh , you can see how small it is . 
  the welsh low point was being spoken by just 20 % , whereas at the beginning of the 20 ^ th century it was spoken by nearly half . 
  conversely , gaelic was spoken by just 1 % of scotland when it was introduced , and just 5 % at the beginning of the 20 ^ th century . 
  it 's just not as important a language to scotland as welsh is to wales . 
  ninja edit : cybernats will tell you that opponents hate scotland or any non-british identity , but the opposition is political and economical , not based on hatred or unwillingness to recognise minorities . 
  if i were you i 'd go to r/ukpolitics rather than r/unitedkingdom , as although it 's still got a leftist slant , it 's a lot more balanced . 
  also , there 's the eurostar straight to london , where the majority of their staff will remain . 
  looks to be a logistical choice mainly . 
   he did invade while the french army was on the doorstep they were busy fighting in the hre . 
   cologne is on our doorstep . 
  the palatinate is n't , and neither is austria . 
  the french were occupied in a war elsewhere , you do n't just walk away from that sort of thing . 
   making it very clear that a french invasion was deemed plausible . 
  yes ? 
  hence why william needed british support . 
  of course , it 's difficult to invade somewhere if you 're tied up in a different war . 
   keep telling yourself that .
