  if you do n't honour the nuclear umbrella once , you never will . 
  neither countries are interested in a nuclear power conquering the world . 
   but not every arms race leads to a war . 
  unlikely . 
  but even if it did n't , nukes are several orders of magnitude above an arms race . 
  a few missiles could decimate a country . 
  building more is an obvious threat . 
   that we want to be able to independently take care of ourselves . 
  but it 's better to do that with friends and partners , to reduce war damage and help others out . 
   that is not what is being discussed in the article and it is not what is being discussed by the european commission . 
  right , but it 's bandied about a lot , and is obviously something that a common army could turn into . 
  probably without referenda on it too . 
   the eu has already said that they want it to be like the eu battle groups . 
  just expand it a little and make a centralized eu defense command center . 
  so duplicating existing nato systems in their entirety , despite the gross inefficiencies . 
  because however you want to word or defend the idea about being ` independent ' it 's really about not liking the usa . 
  you do n't understand . 
  it 's not a question of who they work for , or where they come from . 
  it 's a question of control of numbers . 
  there are finite resources , limited space in infrastructure , and limited jobs . 
  extra workers both take jobs away from british workers and undercut wages . 
  that 's great for foreigners who can work cheaply , but not so good for brits who ca n't get a job . 
   those spanish doctors and nurses are not mandated by the eu , you know ... 
  i do n't know what you 're on about here . 
  but in case you did n't know , eu workers only make up 5 % of the nhs staff , a percentage identical to the number of eu citizens in the uk . 
   as for migrants , they obviously do not pass border controls , not in any relevant numbers . 
  in net numbers , we get 180,000 eu migrants every year . 
  of course , most british emigrants to the eu are pensioners that are essentially long-term tourists ; whilst most eu migrants are workers . 
  i would n't call 270,000 people an irrelevant number . 
   it is all a load of crap . 
  britain has always had a very good control over immigration the uk has no control over eu migration . 
  because by eu law , they ca n't turn back anyone who 's a citizen of an eu member-state . 
  you 're going to have to explain your logic there . 
  if a country has nuclear weapons , eventually someone is going to use them . 
  and states resolving their differences ? 
  both the ussr and usa had enough nuclear warheads * each * to obliterate the world several times over . 
  they also were n't on speaking terms . 
  conversely , the uk and france both have nukes , and are friendly towards each other . 
  not because of military might and threats , but cultural changes . 
   we 're primarily talking about the eu getting a nuclear capability here . 
  a capability that it does n't need . 
  it already has both the french and british nuclear umbrella , and the rest of nato too . 
   and for a while after the breakup of the ussr there was a chance of us getting there after the ussr ended there was no way that russia was going to give up nuclear weapons , same with france , china , the usa and all the other nuclear-weapon countries . 
   we have a world with people like donald trump and putin with nuclear weapons . 
  that has made the previous arguments against nuclear proliferation invalid . 
  and previously we had warmongers like reagan and stalin , but we did n't start nuking each other . 
  it 's not a question of the number or placement of nukes , but how far the nuclear umbrella extends . 
  whilst countries trust in the nuclear protection of countries like france and the uk , they do n't need nukes . 
  less weapons leads to more stability . 
  arms races always precede war . 
  that 's why people were scared in the cold war when the ussr and usa kept making weapons , and why people were worried about american research into a missile shield . 
  and why so much emphasis was placed on stopping the production of nukes and reducing their numbers . 
  the rest is literally most of the world . 
  if countries like france and the uk who set up this system start ignoring and abusing it , then unstable regions are going to ignore it too . 
  that 's a bad thing for people living there . 
  by some proposals yes . 
  but , as i 've said elsewhere , that 'd just be a smaller and less impressive version of the nato battalions . 
  what 's the point in that ? 
  whereas some people are proposing full federalisation of military and foreign policy , and all we know right now is that the eu is yet to put together a formal proposal on the matter . 
  no , creating weapons of mass destruction is not the answer in any way , shape , or form . 
  that 'll only increase instability , the likelihood of war , and the possibility of terrorists getting their hands on nuclear bombs . 
  but proposals are in the pipeline , so it makes sense to question what structure the organisation would take . 
  rather than putting something into practice before allowing dissent and realising that a ) it does n't work ; and b ) no-one wants it . 
  it 's putin , and cluster , btw . 
   shit on many international laws and did n't sign almost any of it in first place if they did n't sign it then it 's irrelevant . 
  just because a country does n't sign something does n't mean the civilised world has to stoop to their level . 
   then just spread them out across europe spread them out ? 
  maybe , so long as you were n't giving them to other states . 
  of course , it 's entirely pointless because they 're called * intercontinental * ballistic missiles for a reason . 
   make sure we 're ready to launch . 
  oh good , that wo n't raise tensions and make other nuclear actors paranoid at all . 
   not a single nuclear-possessing country has ever fought a direct war . 
  that 's good enough for me . 
  uh , what ? 
  have you heard of all the proxy wars in the cold war ? 
  the korean war ? 
  desert shield and desert storm ? 
  come on man . 
   where a single member could prevent the army from functioning , since that would expose the whole structure to external blackmail not on defence , no . 
  but i would expect somewhere crappy to block other member 's interests because they 're ` neutral and defensive ' even if they only contributed five men and a broom painted like a gun to the common army pot . 
  whereas france would be using their own troops and equipment that just happened to have an eu flag on it . 
  then again , one argument that britain used against it was that they did n't trust spain to defend gibraltar against spain . 
  and the baltics may not be very trustworthy of other european forces either , especially considering the pacifist nature of some countries , and how shit german forces are despite being the largest eu economy . 
  the french may love to share costs and risks , or may not , because , you know , they 're french . 
  nationalistic pride and showing off what the republic stands for , and can do . 
  but either there are pointless battalions that do n't amount to much ( and are just a smaller and less impressive version of nato ) or countries pass off military might to the eu and ca n't use their military for themselves without other members potentially blocking everything . 
  the eu is n't nearly integrated enough , socially or politically , for that to be acceptable . 
   can you point me to an existing example a defence union i 'd say would be a common military policy and armed forces , where countries join their militaries up - much like some eu plans for a common army . 
  each individual member in such a union would give up its own military autonomy . 
  whereas a defensive alliance is just that , an alliance that protects against attack without military integration . 
   can you point me to an existing example i ca n't think of any examples off the top of my head . 
  which is why the eu is having so much trouble explaining it 's common army proposals . 
  an international pariah that did n't sign the treaty in the first place . 
  if people started withdrawing from nuclear non-proliferation , then everyone else would too . 
  every country in the world would hardly lend itself to global stability . 
  so there 's no such things as war crimes/criminals , or treaty obligations , or respect of sovereignty ? 
  or the geneva conventions , icc , echr , and general stability in the world ? 
  great , i 'll call putin up , he 's sure to be interested in your logic . 
   well the eu could have a defense alliance then which it already has . 
  there 's mutual defence in eu treaties , and nato also covers most of europe .
