   the holding of referendums is not that was the argument , but the advocate general for scotland ( lord wallace ) , said that holding the referendum would be outside the powers of the scottish parliament , as it would concern the constitution . 
  '' the scottish parliament has no power to legislate for a referendum on independence , '' he said . 
  '' there are important consequences which follow from this . 
  one is that to proceed with a referendum that is outside of its legal powers would be to act contrary to the rule of law . 
  it was more that the norman kings used england to further their campaigns against the french king . 
  normandy was also very rich , and france very decentralised , so despite what modern geography suggests , normandy was able to go toe-to-toe with the french king on equal terms . 
  scotland 's monarch was referred to as the king of scots , but that title no longer exists because of the uk acts of union . 
  the only crown now is the kingdom of gb and ni . 
  the number of spoilt ballots is counted along with the number of votes for each candidate , in effect , it already functions as a ` none of the above . ', 
   voting should be mandatory but then you get problems like people voting based on ballot order , or names they like , rather than any reason-based choice . 
   it also shows you do n't approve of any of the current choices that 's when you spoil your ballot paper . 
  for all you know , those people wanted and expected the tories to win , and did n't bother to vote because of it . 
  not voting , despite it being incredibly easy and taking less than five minutes , is not equal to voting against the winning party . 
  what we know , is that out of the people who care , 37 % want the tories in , more than any other party . 
   right wing does not mean anti-eu . 
  well , no . 
  but you were talking about the conservatives , not the eu . 
  fyi , a majority of voters supported a referendum on the eu : the conservatives , ukip , the greens and the dup all supported a referendum ; which was a larger proportion of the vote than right-wing politics alone . 
   less than 25 % of the vote horseshit . 
  the tories got 37 % of the vote . 
  you do n't count people who did n't vote , because by not voting they made it quite clear that they did n't care . 
   the election made it quite clear people where sick of the current government they got more votes . 
  and if you take it as a right-wing approach to government , then the right-wing parties got over 50 % of the vote overall . 
   an attempt to publicly shame and humiliate the business who lacked patriotism except ... it was n't . 
  people keep banging on about the tories backtracking , when it 's really just them clarifying what the policy actually is , in the face of deliberate media misrepresentation . 
   bla bla bla oh , real mature there . 
   bull . 
  they can do all that without going public i 'm confused , which bit do you disagree with here ? 
  the fact that they have the audacity to announce policy ? 
  or that they have the audacity to not release the figures to the public ? 
   you * would * have all the infrastructure , if this proposal was actually accepted conflicting messages again here . 
  the proposal is n't what you think it is , would be automatically accepted ( as , you know , the conservatives are in government ) ; and you 're angry that if the uk was doing this , that , like most countries , they 'd have the capability to set it up ? 
  it would n't take much effort to round up and shoot gypsies , or invade calais , but that does n't mean the uk would ever do it . 
   thankfully not everyone is like you and many people stood up and your scummy politicians backtracked like the cowards they are . 
  rudd even tried to sell this as a `` discussion on immigration '' and demanded `` do n't call me racist ! '', 
  it 's impressive how much hate you can squeeze into a short paragraph . 
  kudos to you . 
  on rudd 's `` do n't call me racist , '' i 'll endeavour to explain it to you . 
  every time someone tries to talk about immigration , they 're called racist and xenophobic . 
  she 's the home secretary . 
  immigration is her job . 
  it 's worrying that she ca n't talk about immigration without being called racist . 
   since when is publicly shaming people a `` discussion '' ? 
  not sure who you 're quoting with discussion ... or indeed why you keep bringing up public shaming despite me pointing out you 're wrong on that front multiple times . 
   like what is wrong with you brits ? 
  considering we 're talking about the uk on r/europe , i 'd say we probably have a masochist streak . 
  why all the hate and pointless attacks ? 
   i 'd recommend you have another drink and just not delve too much into this because it obviously flies over your head oh , never mind . 
  have you heard of brandolini 's law ? 
  ` the amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude greater than what is needed to produce it . ', 
  you evidently want to believe that the uk is a horribly racist society that hates europe and civil liberties , and is ruled by a dystopian government under an iron fist . 
  you 're completely and utterly wrong on every single level , but i doubt that 'll ever dissuade you from morphing anything sensible or normal into the worst thing you can imagine to fulfil your weird desire to make the uk the evil empire . 
  i have read orwell actually , most people study at least one of his works in school . 
  this is n't anything like orwell 's 1984 , because there 's no authoritarian government preaching hate , designating people as kuluks or state enemies . 
  there 's no shaming either , or struggle sessions , or any other bullshit you 've just made up on the spot . 
  perhaps you could try looking into the policy before calling it dystopian ? 
  there are n't any lists being proposed , just proportions of workforce being foreign , it shares literally no similarities with anything in 1984 . 
  the original intention is an unreleased figure , where firms send the government the proportion of foreign workers so the government can tackle skills shortages , and encourage firms to use local employment . 
  not sure how you can name and shame with unreleased figures , or do you now want to switch tack and accuse the tories of not being transparent enough ? 
   it seems you have all the infrastructure ready to implement this citation needed , because this is obvious bullshit . 
   the people who support orwellian practices are totally confident that they are not yes , the uk is literally north korea , all hail the glorious leader , may she reign ten thousand years . 
   * rule britannia !, 
  * shuts down all rational introspection drink !, 
  wow , straight to the ad hominem huh ? 
  straight to ` you 're british so you 're wrong . ', 
  hm , it 's almost as if you 're unable to refute my points . 
   you are thinking that tarrifs will be removed when they will in fact hit you more than ever the uk sets import tariffs , not the exporters . 
  if we do n't want tariffs , there wo n't be tariffs . 
   you are at wto tarrifs with everybody on this planet wrong , again . 
  the wto is about fair trade , and just means we ca n't have mfn . 
  oh the horror , drop food tariffs on one country and we drop them for everyone . 
  oh no , how will we survive buying food at competitive prices !, 
   besides cereals and some nuts everything is fresh food wrong , again . 
  fresh food is food that is picked and goes off quickly , hence most fruit and some vegetables . 
  we know we can import vegetables over large distances , because we get a whole bunch from kenya . 
  we know oranges can survive distances , because we get them from morocco . 
  we know bananas can survive distances , because we get them from the caribbean . 
  all of the foodstuffs i listed come from countries outside of the eu , as an example of how you do n't need proximity to food sources for food trade . 
  a good quarter of our food comes from the eu because it places tariffs on food imports and can sell fresh food before it goes off . 
  proximity has nothing to do with most foodstuffs . 
   nobody prevent you to pay more for anything it 's a question of competition . 
  remove tariffs , and suddenly the rest of the world is much more price-competitive . 
  if the eu can still compete , then great for them ; but overall prices will fall for the uk without general tariffs on food . 
   the loss of the british market could be easily forgotten in the eu by removing sanctions agains ' t russia doubtful . 
  for one thing , russia has a metric fucktonne of land which it can grow food on . 
  for another , no-ones going to stop selling to the uk whilst it 's still profitable to do so . 
   btw there is nothing else than fresh food you 're ... joking right ? 
  salt , palm oil , whey , sugar , cocoa , cereals , dried fruits , nuts , bananas , foreign herbs , spices , coffee , tea , beans , oranges , soybean , mangetout , most vegetables . 
  there are plenty of foods that can be sourced from all over the world , and are n't fresh foods . 
  transport costs and times are one of the least important issues in international trade nowadays . 
  the uk already imports food from south america and se-asia with no issues at all . 
  [ here 's a little graph showing where the uk imports its food from . 
  ] ( http://www.foodsecurity.ac.uk/assets/images/stock/120301-origins-uk-food-defra.jpg )  tomato most fresh food ( around 75 % ) is grown and produced in the uk . 
  spain , the netherlands and morocco account for most of our tomato imports , you do realise that there are other foods besides fresh food right ? 
  experience is generally accepted as a type of qualification though , rather than literal qualifications like degrees and completed courses . 
  generally speaking though , things are n't so clear-cut . 
  it is just percentage-based , there 's no ` list of foreigners ' being proposed . 
  one of the problems with free movement is that companies will advertise in eastern europe for cheap labour , but not give jobs to locals . 
  this is just a way of letting people know which companies are n't employing locally , rather than a 1984 style plan . 
   the uk is n't going to go with a unilateral free trade option unfortunately .
