  i think the that the referendum date will be followed , but it could be extended to the article 50 date if eu immigration remains roughly the same . 
  you could always use brackets to add clarification at the end . 
  nobody 's thinking about it anyway in the government , it has n't extended beyond the proposal stage of a common army , which britain has reiterated it 's opposed to ( as it has been when this issue is normally raised every couple of years ) . 
  it 's just r/europe making a big deal out something rather minor . 
  it 's not fucking anything up , it 's simply said that it will oppose a common army whilst it 's a member of the eu , as is its right . 
  the eu is free to do it member-by-member ( i believe the requirements are more nine members opting-in ) , or wait for the uk to leave , so that countries such as denmark and ireland can block it instead . 
  the eu ca n't suspend voting rights , or any other membership benefits , without a vote ( qualified majority ) on the basis that a country is deliberately breaking article 2 - that of no longer respecting the rule of law or human rights . 
  true , but they have n't done that yet , have they ? 
  so far the only concept is a common army , which the uk would have to veto in order to not be a part of whilst it negotiates its exit . 
  not quite , during negotiations eu law will still apply to the uk , the uk will stay participate in eu ventures , pay into the budget , debate in the parliament . 
  only once the withdrawal agreement is concluded will the uk be outside the eu , until then it 'd have to comply with integration of military if it did n't use its veto . 
  which raises the question , why did n't the eu wait for the uk to leave , or set up an opt-in system for countries in the eu that actually want integrated militaries ? 
  it 's not just the uk that 's against it . 
  but the uk is going to be in for at least two and a half more years while negotiations are conducted . 
  vetoing military integration now means that we wo n't have to integrate whilst we 're trying to leave , and then promptly disentangle from eu military integration a few years in . 
  it 's more like a group of friends complaining that one guy does n't want to see a movie they want to , because he 's going to be out of town a few years after they 've seen it , when the sequel comes out . 
  it 's not part of the exit process though , since the uk is n't blocking the proposal long-term . 
  the eu knows that britain does n't want military integration ( alongside a whole host of other countries ) , so why are they trying to introduce it before britain leaves ? 
  they could wait a few years and try it then , when the biggest opponent no longer has a reason to oppose it . 
  the uk is still in though , so it has every right to block policies it does n't want . 
  the eu is free to enact integration of military forces once the uk has left . 
  primarily because that country needs to no longer be respecting the rule of law or basic human rights . 
  the uk could take the eu to court if the uk was denied membership privileges . 
  there are assaults everyday all over the country , normally from drunkards or chavs . 
  except the media wants to push a racist narrative , so if it happens to be a polish victim then it 's automatically ` the uk is racist ' rather than ` chavs assault someone again . ', 
  the house of lords constitution committee has already said that not consulting parliament would merely `` be ` constitutionally inappropriate ' and would set ' a disturbing precedent , ' '' not that it would be ultra vires . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.parliament.uk/business/committees/committees-a-z/lords-select/constitution-committee/news-parliament-2015/article-50-report/ ), 
  the lords are n't forcing a parliamentary vote , as the pm is within her powers to trigger article 50 without the approval of the commons . 
  they 've admitted there 's no legal requirement or precedent , so all they can do is advise/ask the pm to put it before parliament , nothing more . 
  where on earth have you pulled that number from ? 
  5.5 million uk citizens live abroad , 1.2 million of them in the eu . 
  and most of them could vote , because they 've lived in the uk for the past 15 years . 
   you lose your voting rights you lose voting rights if you live abroad and have n't been registered to vote in the uk for more than 15 years , whatever country you currently reside in ( with few exceptions ) . 
  this is generally indicative that by leaving the country for more than a decade , you no longer have a stake in its future . 
  however , being a citizen enables you to move back and re-register on the electoral roll . 
   it speaks volumes on how your country treats its own citizens . 
  apparently if you dare to live alongside the continental scum nothing to do with europe , and as i 've said , this is merely a standard for not residing in the country . 
  in fact , until recently french citizens could n't vote in their assembly elections at all . 
   `` the committee says it would be ` constitutionally inappropriate ' and would set ' a disturbing precedent ' '' it 's not that it 's illegal , or precedent otherwise ; but that the hol does n't want that precedent to be set . 
  they , just like the referendum , are being advisory . 
  just like the commons , they have no power to block the government here . 
   a parliament that presumably can vote on brexit parliament can vote on whatever it wants anyway , it 's not limited to just manifesto commitments and money bills . 
  i thought the president did n't have that power , are n't some people trying to bring a court case against him because of it ? 
  you can charge cars fairly fast nowadays . 
  tesla have a few supercharger centres that can give their cars 170 miles of range after half an hour parking . 
  it 's not five minutes at a petrol station , but it 's still pretty good . 
  well now you 're just making stuff up ... britain is n't the country brainwashing it 's people about the falklands . 
  france and britain had joint and equal sovereignty claims , until france sold its claim to spain . 
  argentine citizen vernet asked britain for permission/protection to build a settlement some time after spain and britain abandoned theirs . 
  he provided regular reports , but when claiming title , britain protested ( upholding its sovereignty claim ) . 
  despite attempted argentine usurpation , britain retained its claim , and sent the royal navy to enforce it , kicking vernet off . 
  all very simple , argentina exercised only de facto control , not de jure , in the periods of brief occupation . 
  the falklands were n't a part of argentina in the same way crimea is n't part of russia . 
  the uk claimed and settled the falklands in 1765 , before argentina existed . 
  argentina 's claim of * uti possidetis juris * is n't recognised in international law . 
  argentina failed to occupy the falklands long-term , and were kicked out when the uk asserted its sovereignty . 
  and of course , argentina and britain signed a treaty recognising friendship and argentina lands , in which argentina did n't claim the falklands . 
  most importantly of course , the islanders want to remain british . 
   the uk is too right from a certain point of view , :p . the uk is generally more economically liberal/right wing than most of europe , but corbyn swings to the left on every issue , far more than what europe is . 
  aside from leftyism though , corbyn 's response to every issue is to nationalise ( or renationalise , whatever that means ) , plus spending more money sourced from a money tree/higher corporation tax and income tax on rich people ( the spending vastly outweighs potential tax revenues from this ) . 
  he also wants to scrap trident , open borders , give up the falklands , reunite ireland , and withdraw from nato ( not clear cut here though ) . 
  the electorate do n't want that , and that 'll lose him the election . 
  plus the toxicity of supporting the ira and other mistakes he 's made . 
  three and a half now . 
  even if smith wins the leadership contest , his policies are still too left-wing and toxic , so if he wins labour is toast . 
  on the other hand , corbyn is worse , and so labour would be burnt toast . 
  do you pay tax to the eu ? 
  i was under the impression that all tax raised and spent in the falklands originates in the falklands ; and if do n't pay any money to the uk , then you do n't pay any money to the eu . 
  the falklands are not , and have never been , part of argentina . 
  they 're british . 
  i doubt many people are going to think much before voting , considering it 's a choice between corbyn or may : [ telegraph predicts a 100 seat tory majority . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/13/david-cameron-resigns-mp-witney-grammar-schools-boundary-changes/ ), 
  what do a bunch of chilean islands have to do with the common market ? 
   followed by considered , informed , and mature decisions by the electorate sarcasm right ? 
  it 'd be better for southern europe to continue to use the euro , so their debts would n't be inflated a new se currency falling against the euro . 
  northern europe could then start a new currency . 
  it 's not england 's doing at all , it 's the doing of the entirety of the uk . 
  england 's massive proportion of the uk population means it 's a common mistake , but that does n't make it right . 
  it 's the uk , not england . 
  england is just part of the uk . 
  cameron did n't fuck over the uk by holding the referendum , it was something that needed to be done . 
  ukip got the most votes in the 2014 eu elections , and have been riding on large anti-eu sentiment for years . 
  that said , quitting number 10 immediately and not having any contingency plans in case of losing was pretty dumb . 
  it 's understood that the uk needs time to prepare its departments and formulate an exit strategy , just as the eu also needs to do this - although the latter is n't commented on much in the media . 
  delaying until early 2017 gives may time to prepare the uk for the negotiations , and so far leave and ukip have n't attacked that because they know she 's right ( they 're only targeting the plethora of politicians who want to overturn the referendum result ) . 
   coalition with ukip in order to maintain power that 's not how the uk works . 
  the tories have a majority in parliament , and will certainly retain it until 2020 . 
  considering corbyn , they 'll probably keep it until 2025 . 
  furthermore , ukip have one mp out of 650 , and a majority of mps now accept the referendum result . 
  finally , may does n't need parliament to enact article 50 , it 's a government prerogative . 
  true , but i would n't be surprised if some officials in brussels believed it , because the main parties wanted to remain , and because they 've misconstrued may 's delay as weakness . 
  i think they 're trying to push the ` brussels is out of touch ' line here . 
  that or they 're just trying to create more division between the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  adding to this , the uk is n't a small country either . 
  out of current eu countries , it is ... : the second biggest economy , third largest by population , and eighth largest geographically . 
  far more to offer than most eu countries . 
  keyword being ` alleged . ', 
  let the police do their job before assuming that * the sun * makes headlines to inform , rather than sell papers . 
  there 's a reason it has a bad reputation . 
  they do n't know that though .
