  spending levels have been higher - with # 63 billion spent by central government , local authorities and public corporations , representing 9.3 % of total uk spending . ] ( https://fullfact.org/scotland/tax-and-spending-scotland/ ) . 
  that 's still a deficit of # 10billion , assuming scotland does n't negotiate some fields away to ruk for other concessions . 
   but this serves to illustrate the point . 
  we wo n't do things the same way as westminster . 
  we will do things differently . 
  and with full control of our revenue raising , coupled with the fact that the fear of tax flight in one country with differing tax rates will be less if there 's no automatic residency rights in england after brexit . 
  the snp had a chance to prove that with the white paper . 
  i ca n't think of any independent organisations that did n't rubbish their economic plans . 
  you 'd still have to raise taxes , or lower spending . 
  and tax flight ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at here , but if scotland tries to race to the bottom with taxes against the ruk , the ruk is going to win as it has an economy ten times the size of scotland . 
   well , the ruk is entering into a period where its ability to consume things is going to be falling anyway . 
  staying with the uk is taking a leap into the dark . 
  and yet the economy has n't crashed and burned yet !, 
  pretty weird huh , you 'd think that ftse and other variables would drop massively , but they 're back to february levels . 
   staying in the eu is maintaining the status quo better than staying with the uk . 
  you think the eu will give scotland the same deal as the uk ? 
  schengen and euro opt-outs will disappear , as will the rebate . 
  we do n't know what the brexit settlement is yet , so do n't try and claim that picking the eu over the uk is automatically going to be the better choice . 
   this is n't 2014 . 
   the ruk has just gone into the shed with a shotgun , shot its foot , and is now reloading to shoot the other one . 
  that 's a matter of opinion , and the economic forecast is n't as bad as that . 
  but even if it were , it does n't mean that the ruk would accept a currency union . 
  and it does n't change that scotland 's gdp would mean net contributions to the eu , and that scotland 's running a massive deficit . 
   of fish food industry was twice the size of our oil industry in 2014 . 
  petroleum products is only the third or fourth largest export . 
  it 's not about exports of oil , it 's about revenue . 
  [ `` john swinney promised scots oil revenues of # 8 billion in the year we would have left the uk . 
  the reality is that they will be just # 130 million . 
  '' ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/14102424.snp_criticised_after_slump_in_oil_revenues_to___130m_forecast/?ref=mc&amp;lp=2 ) i said 70 billion , i meant just 7 though , woops . 
  are you saying that ruk will stop trading with the european union ? 
  i thought leave wanted free trade with the block . 
  if so , then that means you 'll still buy our stuff . 
  leave does want free trade . 
  i 'm saying that scotland wants to leave a union with the uk to trade with the eu , which is far less important for trade . 
  the uk would buy far less stuff if there were tariffs , but the best case scenario is that there 's no change in how much you sell to the ruk , worse case is a big downward change . 
  bit of a risk . 
  yeah , i edited my comment seconds before you replied i think . 
  scotland has n't been screwed over like you think , [ you 're getting a whole bunch of stuff ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2016/11/contents/enacted ) , as well as spending powers over benefits , universal credit , changing income tax and its bands , air duty , and half of all vat receipts . 
  it 's actually pretty big , and follows the smith commission fairly well . 
   parting from the pound , risk of economy downfall and what not was just not worth it right ? 
  must come as a kick in the balls to have the reasoning that pulled them to remain in uk being scratched . 
  but those points still stand . 
  they still ca n't keep the pound , and would be a net contributor of # 1.5 billion to the eu with a deficit on 10 % . 
  oil is barely pulling in any money , and the snp claimed they 'd get over ~ ~ # 70billion ~ ~ # 7billion from it . 
  two thirds of scottish trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  economically , it 's still better to be in the uk for scotland . 
  edit , accidental 0, 
  that 's going through parliament at the moment actually , it has n't been ignored . 
  edit . 
  [ i 'm wrong , it 's already been passed . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland_act_2016 ), 
  read the article chaps , this is a poll done by the sunday post which asked people to write in . 
  it 's not exactly yougov . 
   this does n't seem to be the case , there are many articles mentioning millions of $ invested leading to many jobs , also useful infrastructure like highways and rail stations . 
  i 've lived in wales , this is n't the case . 
  the eu 's money is n't helping the areas that need it . 
  there are , of course , new rail stations and lines . 
  most come from national rail 's infrastructure upgrade , the most important ongoing work being electrification of the great western line ( swansea -  cardiff -  london ) . 
  there are also the new ` valley lines ' between cardiff central and the greater cardiff area . 
  but cardiff is already doing well , it 's the rest of the country that 's suffering and the eu has n't helped there . 
   you mean to tell me that these poor , uneducated , old people sat down and researched how much the eu has improved their lives , indirectly even ? 
  that 's a bad way of putting it . 
  the uk , inclusive of wales , is one of the most highly educated nations in the world . 
  and it was n't just old people voting out . 
  but they do n't need to do much research . 
  the eu says it 's helped , but offers no evidence of how . 
  they 're still unemployed , and the projects have n't really done anything . 
   what is more likely is that their politicians lied to them by using the eu as a scapegoat for their own failures . 
  i mean why would any local politician educate the population on how the eu helped them ? 
  that would remove power from them . 
  no , because the eu has n't helped them . 
  and the politicians have been lying , but not about the eu . 
  in case you have n't noticed , every party leader except nigel farage was pro-eu . 
  sure , the eu says it 's created 4,000 jobs a year , with # 500 million . 
  but most of the money is coming from westminster , and of the eu 's money , less than half are structural funds . 
  but ultimately , how can the eu claim it 's made thousands of jobs when there are no sources to back that up ? 
  unemployment in wales is pretty high , and the eu is only a minor partner in money spent by the uk government and universities . 
   did n't i just prove that 's not true ? 
  you linked to a source i ca n't read , and in response i 've cited more sources that show the # 8.5 billion figure is accurate . 
  that 's what all uk independent sources state , along with the boe , ifs , and the remain camp . 
  i 'm more inclined to trust multiple sources that agree with another , than your one outlier , especially since it 's the * eu * that has an interest in stating that the uk does n't pay that much . 
   and why does n't it ? 
  that 's money going into your country , is n't it ? 
  because it 's not going to the government ? 
  and because it 's sod all money anyway ? 
   obviously , but that 's the point of having an eu . 
  to have strong economies give money to poor countries ? 
  the eu was originally about trade . 
   now you are getting weird . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  the eu is seen as a german project . 
  you 're the biggest supporters , a founding member , and pay the most money in . 
  initiatives are generally german , and you 're the leading voice of europe . 
  it 's a mainly german project . 
   the uk joined the european community in 1973 . 
  the ec was n't the eu , it was purely trade based . 
   are you one of those that googled `` what is the eu '' on friday ? 
  ah , yet more lies from the media . 
  it 's not as if children exist right ?
