  and a lot of people do n't want it to be a country , though you wo n't find many on r/europe . 
  still not comparable to the usa . 
  the west , particularly america , is hated by people in the middle east because we invaded them several times , and destroyed their lives . 
  the uk did try to reform it though , and failed . 
  even the reformations offered by juncker and co were laughed at for their insubstance , and cameron caught a lot of flak by not switching to leave after that , like he said he would if they were n't good enough . 
  the uk was keeping its distance on the politicisation , not trade and cooperation . 
  and kicking europe while it 's down ? 
  how do you figure that ? 
  did i miss an invasion and deliberate sabotage of the eu economy by britain ? 
   traitor . 
  the us has nothing to do with this , especially since the eu is not a country . 
  wishing the eu was something else is not hostility , wishing it destroyed is . 
  not true . 
  the parliament was created in ' 79 , and the eec was formed in ' 52 , and the commission in ' 58 . 
  sure , it may not have been intended as a future political union , but the primary focus was on trade and cooperation , not full integration . 
  the brits were originally sold on it because anything outside of trade was hidden away . 
  what you are doing here is saying that you do n't believe i have a certain opinion , and that i must have a different one . 
  let 's not pretend that news is never cherry picked , and that anything in the papers is naturally what everyone in britain believes . 
  or did you think that we all have a get together to write articles collaboratively for the guardian ? 
   you are against the eu as a fundamental concept . 
  your disagreement is deeply ideological . 
  personally , yes . 
  i 'm against the idea of a superstate . 
  as you said , i would have preferred if the eu had been something politically smaller why we were inside . 
  i still do , except that 's not up to anyone in the uk anymore . 
   at best , you want it destroyed and replaced with a lesser and weaker union . 
  uh , no . 
  i 'd prefer it if it were a mere trade union , with strong ties . 
  destroyed is a strong word for reform . 
  but the uk is out now , so it 's not up to us . 
   at worst , you want it gone forever you 're putting words i 've never said in my mouth . 
  why would i want the eu gone forever ? 
  and do n't say because i and britain hate it , because we do n't . 
   all the internationalists/globalists/leftists / muslims banned from your lands you 're making crap up now . 
  for one thing , britain leaving the eu was touted as a success for globalisation , as the eu is fundamentally an inward-facing organisation , with very few external trade deals . 
  and leftists and muslims banned ? 
  did you forget to engage your brain for that sentence ? 
  we have a whole bunch of left-wing parties , and a muslim mayor , which proves you wrong . 
  and if you 're trying to insult me by saying i 'm a racist , right-wing islamaphobe then you 're barking up the wrong tree in the wrong forest . 
   your vision for europe is a collection of fiercely nationalistic monocultural nation states , constantly bickering and arguing among themselves . 
  divided , weak , confused . 
  your vision of me and my country is sad and deluded . 
  the uk wants a balance of power , with peace and cooperation across not just europe , but the world . 
  i 'm not sure what you have against bickering and arguing either , seeing as disagreement is a good thing . 
  i 'm not sure how you can accuse us of monoculturalism either , seeing as we 're one of the most culturally diverse nations in europe , courtesy of the british empire . 
   this has been your historical goal and i am very sad that it has not changed at all during the 21st century . 
  you want to talk about history now ? 
  how about this , the uk historically went to war in europe in order to preserve the balance of power , and stop countries running rampant across europe as dictators . 
   note that i am not expressing my disagreement with your worldview . 
  i am not arguing against it . 
  it is what it is , and noone is going to change his or her mind . 
  i am merely arguing against the hypocrisy of pretending its something else than what it is . 
  you 're repeatedly refusing to acknowledge what my worldview is . 
  there is no hypocrisy here , you just seem to be incapable of accepting that i do n't believe what you think i believe . 
  shh , you 'll ruin the circlejerk . 
  or , alternatively , if the eu is doing fine but the uk is doing better . 
  sure , pointing at the eu could be a thing , but that 's just electioneering . 
  that 's not really a cultural thing here . 
  we 're more competitive , so if someone 's doing better , you want to top that yourself , not because they 've failed . 
  no , he 's saying that it would be better for britain for that to happen , as it would help economically , not that he and the rest of the uk want it to happen . 
  that 's not anything against europe at all though , merely a desire to see your own people always doing better . 
  we all want europe to do well and everything , being better off it simply an extension of patriotism . 
  the government wants to be doing better so it can say ` look , we 've done well , vote for us again . ', 
  you 've got the wrong end of the stick here , i do n't hate the eu and very few people in the uk do . 
  as for working against it , i do n't know where you got that from at all . 
  no-one 's working against it , we used to try and steer it in the direction of trade and away from politicisation , but that 's over after the vote for leave . 
  i do n't understand why you think britain hates the eu . 
  it is n't a dichotomy here , you ca n't either like it or hate it . 
  britons like me who want to see the eu reform do n't want that because they want the eu to fail , but because we think the eu could be something better . 
   yet you are comfortable wishing ill on their whole livelihood . 
  your country is out , but you still hate the eu . 
  you just ca n't let go . 
  have i ever said that ? 
  are you making this narrative up ? 
  yes . 
  honestly , what 's wrong with someone not in the eu discussing it ? 
  particularly on the european subreddit . 
  you have n't seen hostility ? 
  you 've been lucky then . 
  i 've been told , by various people , that my countrymen and i are backstabbing traitors who hate europe and peace , whose economy should fail , and that we should be punished by the eu . 
  yes , i 've said elsewhere , but because r/uk is a massive remainer circlejerk , r/ukpolitics has picked up the people who left that . 
  it 's become a bit echochamberish , but it 's one of the more balanced subreddits at least . 
  it 's not wanting europe to fail , it 's wanting the eu to be something else . 
  seeing as hostility is defined as ` antagonism & unfriendliness , and these people want the eu to reform , i would n't call that hostility at all . 
  the vested interest in the eu wo n't be for it to fail , but for it to not grow as fast as the uk , doing better is enough for economic legitimacy . 
  votes will hardly matter for a while . 
  our next elections are in 2020 , and a lot of things can happen in 4 years . 
  not that the in-government conservatives will need much , as our opposition leader corbyn is a shambles . 
  if you read those comments you wo n't find anyone cheering on economic collapse of the eu . 
  u/dabigmanating was presumably talking about a now-deleted comment , where someone was being sarcastic . 
  wanting the eu to fail is n't hostility to europe , it 's simply a desire to see an end to such an overbearing institution and see it replaced with what it was originally , a trade union . 
  compare that to the hostility to britain you can see , where remainers are gleefully highlighting anything bad that happens and redditors get called traitors for voting to leave . 
  yeah , there 's been a small influx of crazy lately . 
  all the anti-eu people were made unwelcome in r/uk , so they came to r/ukpolitics , and other crazies have followed them . 
  at least they 're usually called out on bullshit . 
  you 're skipping the bit where he says :  `` i want to add that this is not an attack on the people or nations of europe , rather on the supranational body that is the eu . 
  i would argue that we should build alliances with european countries , such as switzerland and any other country that leaves the eu , so that we can help minimise the fallout from the coming financial , economic and political changes . '', 
  u/hypercuriousme is saying what would be best for britain , not praying that the eu economy will collapse . 
  he 's not saying he wants the eu to go fubar . 
  yeah , i know .
