   safeguard the republic from france i feel you could be a tad more accurate here , and say it was to prevent a franco-anglo alliance , and bring britain onside since neutrality was n't good enough if france declared on the republic . 
  i do n't dispute your sources , just the fact that you apparently read one line and then made your own conclusions . 
  we know william took an army with him , james had , after all , a several large jacobite forces . 
  i 'm disputing your conclusions based on the same facts . 
  william was fourth in line to the throne , his wife mary second . 
  the revolution/invasion occurred just one year after james had a son born , bumping william and mary down to fourth and second . 
  the son was going to be raised catholic . 
  england was already suffering under an overly catholic king . 
  william was invited ( and not mary as she did n't want to rule ) on the basis that he was protestant , and was crowned since parliament said that catholics were hereafter out of the line of succession ( parliament already having the authority to do so ) . 
  william did n't fight once , was invited in , and left it to the english to kick out all the catholics . 
  he was seen as a * liberator * , not an invader . 
  it was parliament that invited him , declared that james abdicated , and crowned him and his wife ( once again , they were already in line to the throne ) . 
  there was a military expedition because james had troops , but i would n't call it an invasion . 
  the invasion/revolution argument is an interpretation of facts , not disagreement over what happened . 
  i do n't think that without william england would have tolerated james for much longer , since he managed to make a lot of enemies . 
  the revolution was going to happen , william simply sped it up ( primarily out of fear of france ) . 
   he was going to invade england regardless well now that 's just silly . 
  he only decided on the course of action when france got involved in the hre ( religious struggles over cologne ) , he was n't going to invade regardless considering the french army on his doorstep . 
   there is no way they were going to call the whole thing off because they did n't get a piece of paper . 
  you 've missed up your timings , william had plans but not preparations before he had that letter . 
  only after he received it did he start to lay the groundwork . 
   ironically the direct result of the propaganda machine william brought with him and which somehow managed to both persuade people before he brought it over and persuade me 300 years later . 
  the dutch were n't british rivals , we fought a few wars over trade routes , whereas we fought with the french because we did n't actually like them . 
  and i would n't say conquered by the dutch was accurate either . 
  william was co-monarch with his wife mary ii ( daughter of james ii/vii ) , and after their deaths the succession passed to james other daughter anne . 
  there was n't a personal union , and william did n't rule in his own right . 
  ah , the classic ad hominem attack , where would we be without it . 
  jardine is british , and has a nice book ( even if it is misnamed ) ; but davies is polish , not british . 
  and i do n't see how sourcing british historians wipes out nationalism , there is disagreement on the topic , and you sourcing only one side is fairly indicative of nationalism . 
   please have the decency to admit that you learned something new about british history today it 's hardly a new viewpoint . 
  but mary ii as heir presumptive and second in line , being married to third then fourth in line , and being protestant . 
  the armies not fighting , the numbers of deserters , james ii/vii immediately running away and ditching the seal into the thames , and parliament ruling that he 'd abdicated ... that 's good enough for me . 
  especially since he was only king thanks to mary ii , whom the succession followed ( although i suppose if he had issue , the matter would be more settled ) . 
  to be more precise , that dark building on the right is portcullis house , where a bunch of mps have their offices . 
  that places the people right outside parliament , probably in the middle of the road . 
  not as ridiculous as this : [ `` donald trump printed out made-up # 300bn nato invoice and handed it to angela merkel . 
  '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61lqin/donald_trump_printed_out_madeup_300bn_nato/ ), 
  stating an author without a source and a random person on quora whose qualification is that he ` lives there . ', 
  if you 're going to ignore the facts for blind nationalism , then at least have the decency to admit it . 
  it was an english coup d'\u00e9tat , with william as a replacement because he was a ) protestant and b ) married to mary ( a queen in her own right ) . 
  you 're wrong , it was n't a case of william iii invading britain . 
  james ii/vii was a catholic who tried to undermine the powers of the english parliament ( which saw a preceding king beheaded ) , but had the saving grace of a protestant daughter ( mary , married to william ) . 
  william was motivated by creating an anti-catholic alliance in the backdrop to some of europe 's religious wars , whilst england was motivated by getting rid of an intolerant catholic king . 
  however , william would not invade * without assurances of british support * , and was already third in line to the british thrones . 
  there were only two minor skirmishes ( scouts being caught ) , since william believed england would switch to support him over james ; and james ' regime collapsed after anti-catholic riots and james ' lack of resolve . 
  it was a war of succession , motivated by religion , to place william and mary on the british thrones ( they were co-monarchs , not a ruling king and queen-consort ) . 
  william did pretty much nothing expect slowly march to london because he did n't think he 'd have to fight . 
  he only managed to enter because parliament literally invited him . 
  it was mainly split up between different colonial powers . 
  french louisiana and florida were the french colonies , but they were annexed by britain and spain in the last * french and indian war * ( louisiana went to spain and canada to britain ) . 
  the rest was the massive viceroyalty of new spain , which controlled the rest of north america , look at this [ map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map_of_the_viceroyalty_of_new_spain.svg ) for its extent . 
  new spain was formed of the kingdom of mexico ( the capital ) , spanish louisiana , california ( new and old ) , texas , new mexico , new navarra , new vizcaya , new kingdom of leon , kingdom of new galicia and new extremadura . 
   the fact that it was even more extreme for one party in past years does n't really make it any better the fact is , he 's a hypocrite , who like many leftists , is only complaining because the tories benefited this time . 
  we would n't have seen this video if the vote shares were reversed and miliband won . 
  the only people calling it the most unequal election is the electoral reform society , who i expect will continue to say that every year . 
   he deliberately does n't name any of the parties except he the party political map of the uk . 
  everyone in the country knows that tories are blue , labour red , the libs orange , and the snp yellow . 
   how do you justify snp getting double seats the snp were lucky , and are justified under our current system . 
   why would n't proportional representation ( i.e. 
  the dutch one in this very thread ) be better ? 
  better how ? 
  i would n't say pr is intrinsically better than fptp , or vice versa . 
  i 'd say it 's preferred because you get strong government whilst still getting multiple parties into the commons and a wide range of views . 
  it 's a lot simpler than the dutch system ( an open list ? 
  honestly ? 
  ) , has a local link , no fringe parties getting a lot of seats ( like ukip , which most people are glad about ) , and does n't lead to a coalition which people are n't voting for . 
  interestingly , av ( rejected in a referendum ) would have led to a similar result , as would have stv ( with some tory seats being exchanged for ukip ones , and libs doing better at the expense of the snp ) ; the results would n't have been particularly different under a mixed system . 
  using the same results and d'hondting them would lead to a ukip/con coalition with lib support , and a bunch of fringe green party members . 
  i expect however , that in pr , voters would n't want to waste their vote on a protest , and you 'd see a smaller ukip and green vote . 
  gers takes oil into account , but it 's immaterial because the profit is pretty much zero at the moment . 
  also , what tax revenues ? 
  there 's no export duty , it 's just corporation tax and employment taxes . 
  and guess what , surprise surprise , gers takes that into account as well ( and a lot more optimistically than hmrc it should be pointed out ) . 
  scotland 's deficit already takes into account every penny of tax raised in scotland . 
  have a [ read of this ] ( http://chokkablog.blogspot.co.uk/2015/10/joan-mcalpine-and-scotlands-missing.html ) . 
  also , tagging u/freakzilla149 , you might be interested in this . 
  that 's slightly inaccurate i 'm afraid , because there are various ways of measuring the deficit . 
  you 're using the * current budget balance * , which excludes moneys we spend on capital expenditure , i.e. 
  debt and interest payments . 
  if you include those , you get the * net fiscal balance * which is # 48.5 billion higher . 
  in case of separation , the removal of those fiscal transfers would save about # 40billion ( ~ # 15b each from wales and scotland , and ~ # 10b from n. ireland ) . 
  with a total deficit of # 67.6 b at the moment , we 'd still have a # 27.6 b deficit , only cutting off 60 % without the devolved fiscal transfers . 
  and now they 're two years into a tantrum over the tories getting an outright majority rather than doing another con-lib coalition . 
  how the mighty have fallen . 
  \\* tory , there 's only one * r * . 
  the pollsters knew how to take fptp into account , and so also gave fairly accurate seat summaries . 
  everyone thought the tories were going to win , they just thought they 'd be a minority party rather than being 4 seats over a majority . 
  normally i like cgp grey , but he 's deliberately disingenuous in this video . 
  there are plenty of good reasons to have a majoritarian system , and the previous labour results were far more one-sided . 
  in 2005 labour won an even higher proportion of seats than the tories in 2015 , despite an even lower percentage of the vote . 
  expressed in percentages , the tories got an extra 14 % of seats in the commons in 2015 , and an extra 11 % in 2010 . 
  labour 's share of seats was boosted by 20 % in ' 97 , 22 % in 2001 , and 20 % in 2005 . 
  yes , the uk was very accurate . 
  in 2015 , the polls slightly overestimated labour and underestimated the tories ( a couple of points each ) ; but with the eu referendum it was expected to be very close to 50:50 . 
  neither did anyone else , he lost the first two post-war elections . 
  ideally you want to look at pollsters that are members of the bpc ( british polling council ) . 
  the top ones are yougov , icm , opinium , and ipsos mori ( normally an outlier ) . 
  ignore ones from papers that do n't list these ( or any ) as sources as they 'll just be readership polls . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ) lists polls done by date for scotland and for [ general elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) too ( although bear in mind percentage of votes wo n't equal percentage of seats ) . 
  interconnected , yes ; so long as you are n't talking about transport .
