  and then there are ` luminosity -  lumen ' and illuminati . 
  i 'd say that it has something to do with the `` moonshine reflecting off of snow surface '' , so one lumen is perhaps the strength of moonshine on a snowy field . 
  and thus illuminaty are those who are blinded by snow reflection ;-) edit . 
  lake ilmen ( of novgorod ) is an old finnic name . 
  also the epic names of ilmatar and ilmarinen . 
  and the contemporary name of ilma and ilme ( the last one also means ' a face expression ' ) . 
  there are also many stories about wandering lakes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilmatar the name ilmatar is derived from the finnish ( actually finnic ) word ilma , meaning `` air , '' and the suffix - tar , denoting a female spirit . 
  thus , her name literally means `` female air spirit . 
  she was impregnated by the sea and wind and thus became the mother of v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen . 
  sea provides humidity , wind carries it into inland , where it rains down and gathers into a lake . 
  i am sure that the opposite effect - nowadays known as the `` lake effect '' - was also part of the definition . 
  edit . 
  i would even say that all those folk stories about ilmatar and others was not so much about magic , but the main aim of such stories were to teach children the physical phenomena of nature . 
  the mythical part only came about to explain the yet-unexplainable , and let 's be honest , mankind does not know the full science behind enso yet , so it is fair game for myths and fairy tales for as long as it supports and adds on the known science of enso . 
  that should not be a problem with a timestamped digital signature . 
  bestonia will lead the way , because that is the only way to lure in more it specialists to estonia ( at least according to several estonian officials ) . 
  google : brussels `` baby steps '', 
  mass immigration destroys inner coherence and social contracts within state population . 
  the middle east is centuries and millennia ahead of europe in social development - they are ahead of us , not behind . 
  their society shows the evolutionary strategies necessary for survival in a future society - clans , wide families , corruption , gift economies , lack of respect of secular law , constant warfare . 
  other states trying to avoid mass immigration learn from examples . 
   `` people who act like this are not human . '', 
  did he actually say that ? 
  should n't that statement be classified as an ultimate hate speech ? 
  those people are certainly not aliens . 
  if they are not humans , then what are they ? 
  ilmen is a finnic airspace . 
  the shootdown was purely russia 's fault . 
  it is the nato position as well . 
  the current nato note deals with possible future developments . 
  not before 2020 , we are being told . 
  but does it mean that the agricultural subsidies for poland and the baltics will at once be raised to the eu level ? 
  10 years waiting and still waiting is a bit of a stretch for a fair common market to emerge . 
  there will be surface water scarcity issues , for example the growth of tallinn is limited by water availability ( the north-east water basin of estonia is already spoiled by oil-shale mining and the south-west basin basically dries out during warm summers ) : http://www.wri.org/blog/2015/08/ranking-world\u2019s-most-water-stressed-countries-2040 but when global warming really kicks in , then all the nordic capitals ( including tallinn , riga and st. petersburg ) are at the current sea level and thus prone to slowly going under . 
  edit . 
  and east-central region of estonia is a prospective phosphorite and uranium mining region . 
  rail baltica is not being built without a business plan . 
  not sure about the middle east , but europeans in europe practiced cannibalism less than 100 years ago ( holodomor , leningrad , winter war and continuation war , etc. ) . 
  just bring it . 
  you mean getting rid of the agricultural subsidies ? 
   second generation immigrants there is that . 
   you include the non-native russians ( but living in estonia for many decades ) yes , included . 
  50 years here are still immigrants . 
  second generation immigrants are still immigrants . 
  third generation immigrants are still immigrants . 
  in 1991 about half of the immigrants were first-generation and the other half were second-generation . 
  the average generation span is around 30 years here , so ... 
  peko / pekko = verb p\u00f5kkuma ( to bump into , in space ) perkunas = p\u00f5rkunes ( the one meteorite that rebounded ) perun = p\u00f5runu ( nutty / crackered ) ilumetsa p\u00f5rguhaud ( hell-grave / hell-gate of ilumetsa ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilumetsa_crater https://et.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilumetsa_meteoriidikraatrid the two primary craters are called : hell-grave ; deep grave . 
  the secondary craters are called : angel-grave , ghost-grave , devil-grave . 
  sweden passed estonia only just last december . 
  until then estonia had had a lower native versus non-native ratio ( estimated based on the published 2x immigrant ratio ) . 
  https://www.politsei.ee/dotasset/218156.pdf anyone willing to try to fit any growth function on that ? 
  disclaimer : ... brought to you by project syndicate , partially funded by soros . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_syndicate http://www.project-syndicate.org/columnist/george-soros, 
  for some reason , all 7 slavic countries are within the last 12 . 
  while the first 14 in the list have no slavic countries . 
  too much onion and garlic ? 
  the risk is not having such paramilitary . 
  the article conveniently does not mention that the largest paramilitary troops are in finland and switzerland . 
  the eternal lunch nap . 
  just the other day there was so much wind between tallinn and helsinki that we had ukko ( thunder and lightening ) . 
  at -10 c or lower . 
  even at present , vilsandi and kuressaare are clocking in 7m/s at ground level . 
  s\u00f5rve at 10 m/s . 
  so do any swedish nuclear reactor have full private insurance ? 
  a meltdown in france is estimated to cost 6 trillion eur . 
  are you covered ? 
  it is actually more windy during the winter half of the year . 
  only if you shovel it all the time . 
  the main living quarters are usually poorly insulated , especially the floor . 
  but the sauna room might be better insulated . 
  ok . my mistake . 
  i had n't realized that there is a greater poland hidden inside the ordinary poland . 
  and that the ordinary poland is embedded into the little poland . 
  the statistics were not about ` being killed while walking around ' . 
  are you familiar with the statistical concept called ` degrees of freedom ' ? 
  what is the dof for two data points and 2 variables ? 
  i tend to agree with you . 
  only that your words are against the words of estonian top politicians . 
  and that no country has left the eu yet . 
  and it would still be great to have on record that leaving eu does not mean expulsion from nato . 
  that is gamification 101 . 
  gather resources , invest , raise to the next level , multiply , repeat , take over . 
  i agree with you , with the caveat that i do not support an even greater poland . 
  are you willing to go on record with that ? 
  i ask it because before joining and even today many estonian top politicians threaten estonian citizens that estonia could not be a member of nato without being a member of eu . 
  while the economic side would anyway be regulated by wto and efta and estonian old currency ( eek ) had a fixed rate to german mark and later to eur , backed by 110 % of currency board foreign currency reserves . 
  so which is it ? 
  is there life in nato outside of the eu ? 
  with events like cologne . 
  the old culture is replaced by new culture . 
  30mhz already explained the parts of the \u00e4ia\u00f6\u00f6\u00f5ud word . 
  i found it a suitable response , because h\u00e4\u00e4y\u00f6aie is about `` an intent of action during the wedding night '' . 
  so the combination of h\u00e4\u00e4y\u00f6aie and \u00e4ia\u00f6\u00f6\u00f5ud might mean that the father-in-law himself might want to consume certain rights ( the right of the first night , so to speak ) and the bride seems to be terrified of the thought . 
  faroe islands happen to have the highest share of natives in their small secluded community . 
  i guess that outer hebrides is similar in that respect . 
  they also happen to be the happiest people . 
  correlation does not imply causation , so let 's forget the correlation and let 's not talk about it any more . 
  try out coastal or giant redwoods parks .
