  estonian russians score above oecd average in pisa and timss tests ( while using russian language in the test ) , but 90 % of estonian russians still vote for putin 's party . 
  they were the 5th column from the start , for many generations . 
   compared to two working parents with a kid or two who has zero time to do that , i know who i think would make the more informed vote . 
  that is not what you know , that is what you want to believe in ( or rather , what you want others to believe in ) . 
   but how do you know all of this ? 
  all the reasoning you just gave is just your personal negative opinions . 
  how ? 
  by logic . 
  and the facts support the logic . 
  t.h.ilves . 
   i would be far more concerned about a politician 's business interests than their city of birth . 
  is that not a much more severe conflict of interest ? 
  that goes hand-in-hand . 
  those without a homeland live for profit . 
   and why do you think local problems are somehow unique and special ? 
  because the local environment is special . 
  and the native culture has adapted to the local environment . 
  that is enviro 101 . 
   it sounds like you 're totally overexagerating how individual your culture is . 
  you could homogenize it if you make all people live in the `` corridors of brussels '' . 
   being a politician is not a cultural job , it 's a project management job . 
  you are still servicing the citizens . 
  native citizens , not internationalists . 
   everything you worry about was safeguarded long , long ago . 
  you are so persuasive , but your mind control techniques do not work in this case . 
  bestonia - most lynx per km2 . 
  wifi everywhere and the nearest large predator ( lynx , bear , wolf ) only 3km away ( edit : if you are lucky , that is ) . 
  they will cross the frozen water bodies in winter , up to 10km across i think . 
  with statements . 
  and acts to promote mass immigration . 
   why do n't we just use referendums to vote for every single decision a country needs to take ? 
  indeed !, 
  we should and we could !, 
  e-stonia is technically ready for it , but our establishment does not want to relinquish control . 
   we do n't because most people will never fully understand what they are voting and will often do what the newspaper they read tells them is best . 
  your mistake is to assume that parliament members are above average intelligent . 
  they are n't . 
  they might have above average social intelligence , but funnily their general intelligence is not above average ( or is hampered by distorted motivations ) . 
  and even if the parliament members were more intelligent , democracy would still demand to follow the will of the citizens , not the will of the parliamentarians . 
   but we both know its not . 
  you are persuasive , but your mind control techniques failed in this case . 
  regardless of what i think , such propaganda `` programs '' are counterproductive . 
  erasmus in the form of 10-20 % of total students is ok . eu army should at first be built up as national armies and regional task forces within nato . 
  basically there should not be any eu army , it should be the european part of nato . 
  cross border cultural events ??? 
  those have been going on for ages . 
  let it be natural . 
  keep your propaganda away from it . 
  i fear for the confederation of switzerland . 
  the end is nigh . 
   there are globalists all over the world who do n't favour authoritarianism or forced homogenisation or state controlled capitalism . 
  globalists who do n't favor forced homogenisation ? 
  but they do favor global homogenisation , just not openly `` forced '' ? 
  covert brainwashing would be ok i guess . 
   well , i completely agree with you , globalism kind of favors capital the most as it currently stands . 
  but those are merely the many facets of the komintern . 
  soviet union was just one of those facets . 
  those supporting mass immigration into the eu are another facet . 
  there are surely more than just the two facets . 
  but the uniting theme of all those facets is the `` soviet people '' or `` international people '' . 
  so i was not assuming you to be a stalinist . 
  i am not ruling it out either . 
   how is this impossible to achieve by having parliamentary democracies ? 
  it is not impossible , but it ( representation of the will of citizens on every issue ) requires constant checking . 
   if it is possible for parliamentary ones , and the eu has been steadily moving towards one since the europarls inception , then your criticism towards the eu can only be that is has not yet arrived at its final destination . 
  eu is moving backwards . 
  any further obfuscation layer does not eliminate the need for constant checking . 
   that , however , was not your criticism . 
  yours was that there was no ability to `` touch eurocrats '' , even tough it is precisely the europarl which , at the beginning of each legislative period , both elects the candidate that forms the government and must accept , by vote , each member of that candidate 's formed government . 
  in short , if the peoples ' representatives do not want a person to be part of the government , then that person will not be part of the government . 
  your mistake is to assume that you can disaggregate an aggregated vote . 
  you ca n't possibly do that , not without polls and/or referendums on each and every issue . 
   how is that untouchable , or less touchable than in other parliamentary democracies ? 
  that is the standard way in which parliamentary democracies legitimise , form and challenge governments . 
  by the mere fact that juncker has made many quite outlandish statements on `` how to keep the stupid people away from decisionmaking '' . 
   edit . 
  which means that representative democracy has to have constant checks whether the representatives are following the will of the citizens or not . 
   is precisely fulfilled by the above mechanism conditional on people actually caring for and electing their parliament en masse . 
  which has not happend , but which is a social , not an institutional problem most likely due to the fact that most people are unaware of the europarls expanded powers under lisbon . 
  nope . 
  read above about the impossibility of disagregation of aggregated votes . 
   dude , just because they are corrupt , does n't mean brussels is buying . 
  in this case , companies and criminals are not a substitute for brussels crats . 
  an addition , perhaps . 
  actually juncker and merkel have been working to the benefit of kremlin , more than any euro-sceptic party . 
   there are almost no popular movements to move away from the eu and frankly if there was than they should leave , i happen to agree with juncker 's comments . 
      if countries are n't invested into it than they should leave ( that 's what the efta is for ) , i 'd be fine with every eu country deciding that , although it should be in the form of voting for a party , referendums are in general a pretty horrible idea . 
  i was just gon na suggest that you should demand annual referendums on the exit issue , but it seems that you are indeed fully in agreement with mr. juncker who believes that democracy means no referendums , especially on exits . 
   but why ? 
  they have a job to do , they are the best applicant for said job , why does it matter where they were born ? 
  because their job is to follow and represent the will of the citizens , of which the majority are natives . 
  thus those who are born ( and/or lived for a long time ) elsewhere , are not fit for the job . 
  sooner or later such individuals will misread their citizens because they lack the necessary background experience from having lived among them . 
   now , i think that the perception of common history is much the same as the perception of the nation state and is only seen as such because it is tradition . 
  it is so because it is an evolutionary trait . 
  just like sub-species and sub-populations . 
  it is a natural part of social evolution and it will remain so . 
  even if you try to eradicate those `` parishes '' , they will regenerate themselves eventually . 
  a social contract rarely works in a multikulti society . 
  you do not have much experience from the ussr , do you ?
