  and even if they were statistically similar , biological reasons would still favor nativism . 
   there is today no lack of resources in estonia to withstand a higher population . 
  actually there are quite many of them . 
  estonia 's ecological footprint is larger than estonia , especially if the coastal waters get discounted due to further pollution . 
  so estonians would need to consume less to grow its population . 
  kind of catch-22 if the main argument for population growth has been that of economic growth ( and increase of consumption ) . 
  edit . 
  there is also that : ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2013/09/rising-seas/if-ice-melted-map some scientists say the doubling time for melt might be 5-10 years . 
  moore 's law , so to speak . 
   assimilation is pretty irrelevant , as that 's a factor that takes many , many generations to achieve . 
  integration is something that can be achieved in one generation and is more likely what he meant . 
  actually , integration and assimilation are both part of the same process , thus one ca n't be faster than the other - or there would be traffic jams and bottlenecks . 
  thus , assimilation is relevant . 
  and yes , it takes many generations , more like 1000 years based on historical examples . 
   how exactly did you reach that conclusion ?? 
  a quote from prior discussion :  parties are partial ? 
    they trade with decision power ( and mostly not with the citizens ) . 
  it is two additional layers of obfuscation away from direct democracy . 
   they represent the ideas of the people and are therefore good for the system . 
  while the parties do represent the ideas of the people , it is not a statistically representative representation . 
  statistical representation can only be verified via referendums . 
  and thus my accusation to you of demagoguery . 
   yet he was voted in by the majority of people ... not the people . 
   please show me a political unit large enough that has been capable of banning parties ... 
  the citizens , perhaps ? 
  something did happen in iceland , but i am not quite sure what exactly . 
   example of a conspiracy theory , not example of a conspiracy . 
  by now it is a proven conspiracy that the governments and the eu crats have been playing into the hands of corporations . 
   and that 's why people like you should never be allowed close to power . 
  yes , you have already established that power should be left for the establishment , not for the people . 
   like it 's anywhere close to being even a % of general population . 
  close to 90 % in molenbeek and soon coming near to everyone 's home . 
   being a meritocracy or plutocracy does n't mean a state can not be a democracy . 
  it does actually . 
  democracy and meritocracy are mutually exclusive . 
  if you ca n't comprehend that , then i am afraid that you have n't really graduated from kindergarten . 
  it is one of the first things that children have to learn - the difference of democracy and meritocracy ( and plutocracy ) in family matters . 
   seriously , people like you will never fool anyone in politics . 
  now you are playing the oracle again . 
   who exactly is ken binmore ? 
  that is for you to find out . 
  do n't expect to be taken seriously until you have figured him out . 
   what i describe is indeed democracy and what you describe is something that does n't work ... we are going in circles . 
  again . 
   jesus christ dude , please forever stay away from social matters and keep to your maths . 
  i will continue to bother people with opinions like you seem to have . 
   a confederation does not have to have referendums , please do n't start on political theory if you have no knowledge about it . 
  my prior claim still stands - the frequency of referenda is most certainly one criterion of democracy . 
   is that your original research ? 
  i am not really interested in that with a random person on the internet . 
  binomial distribution is not my original research . 
  neither is the concept of applied math . 
   ohhhhh . 
      infiltrated , i see . 
  obviously . 
  that 's , ahem , an interesting perspective , thank you for sharing that invaluable opinion . 
  you should read more speeches of putin . 
  and how exactly do you get the 0.000000000001 % chance from that , even assuming 50 + years of zero invasion ? 
  russia has never left moldova , since 1944 . 
  it is higher among the native citizens . 
  it is just that the share of non-native citizens has been growing for some reasons . 
   ca n't really blame citizens for feeling uneasy about a religion that inspires people to kill innocent folk by the dozens in public places in your country . 
  of course you can . 
  you can always blame the citizens for having a wrong opinion . 
  that has been the practice for quite some time by now . 
   i do understand to some extent why eastern europe is worried , but this does n't justify the utter paranoia to the levels of thinking an invasion is actually a possible prospect ( i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but just extremely unlikely , a less than 0.000000000001 % chance ) . 
  do you have any bayesian stats to back your claim ? 
  they were simply average left-wingers - its what average left-wingers do , at least according to the mass media . 
  is n't the usual script of the mass media that non-far left-wingers clash with the police and burn cars , while far-right party members gather peacefully to carry out a congress and exchange ideas and opinions ? 
   they were a russian president and russia 's minister of foreign affairs , the two single-handedly determined russian international policy . 
  you are quite naive if you think that those two were independently calling the shots . 
   and yes , as far as the foreign policy was concerned , the two could as well be the whole kremlin . 
  it could n't . 
  not even close . 
   their opponents did not reside in kremlin , they were concentrated around russia 's first and so far the only free elected parliament . 
  their opponents were inflitrated everywhere . 
  yeltsin lost it , even though it might appear that he won . 
   you should probably start seeing a pattern here . 
  the events in the caucasus were going on non-stop since at least 1989 . 
  so you are wrong again . 
   kozyrev 's servility towards the us is so wide-known and was so shocking even for the us officials to observe that it has actually made it into memoirs nice try . 
  kozyrev was not the whole kremlin . 
  neither was yeltsin . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrei_kozyrev  at the un general assembly kozyrev declared in 1993 , by the time of the end of the abkhazian war : `` russia realizes that no international organization or group of states can replace our peacekeeping efforts in this specific post-soviet space . '', 
  so there . 
  in the following 23 years we have all seen more of the same from russia . 
   it seems incredible today , but in the late 1980s and early 1990s russian society was fascinated by the west -- particularly the united states . 
  i remember those times . 
  most of the russian establishment was not fascinated by the west . 
  they were only fascinated by the opportunities to nick resources . 
   rapprochement with the west seemed to be even more important than cooperation with the former soviet republics . 
  another oddball claim . 
   in other words , the foreign policy in those days laid down by president yeltsin and former foreign minister andrei kozyrev was n't imposed from abroad ( as is often claimed today ) ; it reflected a real , broad public demand for convergence with the west ... 
  there was none of that . 
   and russia 's entry into the club of leading world powers . 
  there was that ( as a wish ) . 
   on the other hand , it became clear that nobody in the west was waiting for russia , which was demanding special treatment . 
  by 1993 , foreign policy divides were becoming clear in the views of russian and western decisionmakers . 
  in other words , russia did n't want to pull back its troops from other former ssrs and did n't want to recognize independent chechnya and tatarstan . 
   but the irritation of russia 's elites ( who were only yesterday the ussr 's elites ) about washington unilaterally deciding to settle its score with iraq , a former soviet satellite , was bound to influence public opinion .
