  as i already mentioned , this runs counter to the definition of nationalism . 
   again , if you want to be patriotic about your country , you have my support . 
  if you want to be nationalist , go and do n't bother me . 
  i want to be a nationalist and i will decide myself when and where to correct others . 
  nation states by definition are not about conquest . 
  nor about mass migrations nor about colonisation . 
  not practical . 
  in their quest to bias `` far right '' , the establishment constantly forgets themselves . 
  google trends : `` far left '' , `` the establishment '' , `` far right '' https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=%22far%20left%22%2c%20%22the%20establishment%22%2c%20%22far%20right%22&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=etc%2fgmt-3, 
  yes , you made it clear that you do n't understand the deeper connection between the local biotope , native land , native people and native culture . 
  they all fuse into one . 
  nationalism is about keeping that fusion , not about destroying neighboring local biotopes . 
  with low rates of immigration , patriotism will eventually become equivalent to nationalism . 
   ignoring it does n't seem to be the best solution . 
  now that they are here , do we have a better option than not helping them with the integration ? 
  yes . 
  it is called war of attrition . 
  not necessarily a war with weapons . 
  and it sort of works in the long run , assuming no nanny state . 
   in several places it seems like well over half the natives do n't want them there in the first place . 
  in all places except sweden . 
  and even stats on sweden are fishy of pc bias . 
  it is called `` guided democracy '' . 
  patriotism eventually leads to nationalism - when the citizenry has coalesced into a new native people . 
  if juncker makes statements on the issue while officially not being in a position to make such statements , then it is prudent to tell juncker to shut up or put up . 
  if finland managed hundreds ( perhaps even thousands ) of kilometers of naval minefields , then eu 75 years later should be able to achieve at least 100x more . 
   this means that we 're going even to shoot the migrants and sink/ram into their boats ? 
  the verdun lines had multiple failsafe lines of wire , mines , sharpshooters , machine guns and artillery . 
  mine the coastal waters . 
  there are svalbard and remote parts of greenland . 
  and some small islands in the middle of the atlantic ocean . 
  perhaps you should reread about geneva conventions about genocide ( of natives in their own country ) . 
  yes , them too . 
  but juncker and other eu crats has made statements about avoiding referenda at all costs . 
   also germany has not been covertly subverting nato bases in poland or the baltics , but rather very openly . 
  germany has done it both covertly and openly . 
   the position here as far as i know that there has been an agreement to not place nato bases further to the east , that is for example why there are no nato bases and no nuclear weapons in former east germany that verbal agreement depended on russia withdrawing from all other post-ssr countries , especially from moldova and georgia . 
  well , that never happened , thus any such verbal agreement never took hold in the first place . 
  also , that verbal agreement had a vague expiration date - it was not meant to last forever . 
  if you want to accuse ee of nationalism , then you better adopt the ee definition of nationalism . 
  patriotism has no place in nationalist european states . 
  patriotism is for internationalists or for those who have not yet become part of nation and natives . 
   the first blame in the chain of events lies in the syrian civil war , of course . 
  the first blame lies with those who have contributed to the 10-fold multiplication of the middle-east population in the last 100 years . 
  that is why the aquifers are running dry . 
  war and europeans have nothing to do with that . 
   i feel like the biggest difference is that southern european states are not that fiercely nationalistic and distrusting of the rest of the western european states . 
  like germany having private deals with kremlin about nordstreams ? 
  or like germany covertly subverting any nato initiative in poland and the baltics ? 
  greece can choose whether to seal off the border between greece and turkey or the border between greece and other european countries . 
  other european countries can only help in sealing off greece 's borders . 
  any mass migrations are bad because they tend to destroy local ecotopes and biotopes . 
  human species is just another species who thrives well only within stable biotopes . 
  fast continuous change will certainly bring about fast extinction . 
   and no , eu does n't need nationalism . 
  if you asked me about patriotism i might agree . 
  every eu member state needs nationalism . 
  nationalism is about keeping your native culture and native language in your native lands . 
  nationalism is not about conquering others . 
  nationalism is about sustainability in a local biotope , about natives fusing together with the local environment in the avatar style . 
  mass migrations of any species tend to destroy local biotopes and make the whole biosphere vulnerable to mass extinction . 
  we are currently living within the fastest mass extinction of the geological history of earth . 
  caused by civilisation of the mankind from the cradle of civilisation - that of the mena region , which has achieved nothing but desertification and desertation . 
   if ee needs to me so nationalistic they should n't be in eu . 
  ee has to decide between eu and their nationalism . 
  perhaps brussels should demand regular national referenda on the issue ? 
  juncker and other eu crats are being very wary of referenda . 
  the problem is not that there is too many of referenda , the problem is that there is too few of the referenda . 
  there is nothing fierce about being naturally nativist . 
  fierce is when somebody ( internationalists ) tries to destroy natural nativism . 
  the problem will eventually be solved by itself . 
  not quite . 
  estonia and finland are the only legal ( regional ) successors to the russian empire . 
  bolsheviks in soviet russia were not legal successors . 
  my maps are right from the source - slava kpcc !, 
  in case you did n't know , rfsfr was soviet russia . 
  soviet russia created the ussr , but russia was just one part of the ussr . 
  yes , why not . 
  at least there should be an option to veto or nullify it . 
  such take it or leave it offers are part of the game-theoretic mechanisms , especially if information has been kept secret during some stages . 
  there needs to be feedback and referendum is that feedback . 
  with such secret negotiations , deals would have to go through a referendum in every joining country . 
  it would be a join or leave proposition . 
  if the citizenry are not given such a chance of referendum , then that process is not democratic . 
  he is possibly a false flag . 
   you just crawled from under a rock ? 
  have you ever compared a map from 1989 with a modern one ? 
  i have , one of those maps had a soviet gost marking . 
  russia has gotten bigger in the meantime . 
   and why do you think it goes against the will of the people ? 
  i mean , sometimes it does and sometimes it does n't . 
  i posted the numerical example in another response . 
  eu establishment has had 12 months to align itself with the will of the majority of its citizens . 
  the odds of alignment are very small ( smaller than 1/1000 ) . 
  the migration crisis issue has become the most important issue for the citizens , thus the class conflict between the citizenry and the establishment has been exposed ( or should i say established ) . 
   people vote for representatives based on their idea , of who makes what kind of decisions . 
  the people should n't make those decisions themselves as they have not the time , nor the knowledge to make them . 
  if the mps change their will , then that is in everyone 's interest , because the mp thinks that he sees a better solution to the issue than he did before . 
  we are going in circles . 
  what you describe is not democracy if the will of the majority of citizenry is not followed .
