stop lying . 
  you can add the parts together again . 
  especially the non-nationals parts ( citizens of non-member countries ) . 
  yes . 
  i lived it through myself , the end part of it , so i have a lot of perspective . 
  that depends on the definitions of ` flee ' , ` your ' , ` country ' , ` war ' and ` refugee ' . 
  it actually shows that new immigrants annually equal at least 0,3 % of eu 's native population . 
  if you are so careless , then you can only blame yourself in such dire circumstances for not been given asylum . 
  ids can be renewed . 
  and ids can be photocopied by those flashy iphones and androids that almost all `` refugees '' seem to possess . 
  and you can load those photocopies into the cloud . 
  nowadays there is no excuse for not having a proper id . 
  but my education is somewhere in the neighbourhood . 
  first , you are mistaken . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/f/f5/immigration_by_citizenship%2c_2013_yb15.png secondly , they may come , but they can be sent back . 
  thirdly , being a citizen of a war-torn mediterranean country does not automatically make a person a `` legitimate refugee '' . 
  fourthly , if that truly were the case then none should be taken in the first place . 
  none . 
  zero . 
  what , a civilisation more than 5000 years old do not have valid ids ? 
  now that is thick . 
  civilisation means taxing , which in turn means proper census keeping . 
  regardless , without a proper identification , none of the stories can be taken as true . 
  are you trolling or are you actually that thick ? 
  interesting . 
  one learns something every day . 
  `` build the dikes '' , `` pump the water out of the ship , not into another part of the common compartment '' , `` filter out the water '' . 
  use a common small quota ( equivalent to 0,1 % of native europeans within eu , annually ) over all kinds of immigrants and `` refugees '' . 
  send immediately back all `` refugees '' who do not originate ( and can prove it with valid id documents ) from the mediterranean coastal states at war . 
  selectively, 
  both are budgetary concerns . 
  in a world with limited resources , everything is interdependent . 
  admitting in immigrants ( or `` refugees '' , does not matter ) over the carrying capacity will destroy europe as we know it and introduce the lifestyle of the source regions of immigration . 
  you have reason to be righteous only after the birth rates have dropped down . 
  not before !, 
  in the meantime , read the un population projections and how each new projection is higher than the previous one . 
  i already have all the diplomas , but that is besides the point . 
  i also noticed that your response was void of any formal or semiformal concept analysis . 
  i 'd say 0,01 % annually is quite far from zero . 
  especially if they all would happen to be terrorists . 
  in fact , i am mightily pissed off that our country estonia is on the list of `` good guys '' . 
  it means estonia is doing something fundamentally wrong . 
  i disagree . 
  and dictionary is not going to help in this case , because it was not designed to do so specifically . 
  racism is against conservatism . 
  conservatism is against racism . 
  you can say that selectively racist and selectively conservative can coexist at the same time . 
  but you can never say that one is 100 % racist and 100 % conservative at the same time . 
  if you omit the percentages , then you mean 100 % . 
  edit . 
  racism is against other race ( s ) . 
  conservatism is pro all races , but only within their respective native environments . 
  the obvious solution would be to avoid the flood . 
  you get into the high plains or alternatively build dikes ( like netherlands ) . 
  and when the ship is taking in waters , you have to pump it out . 
  why has n't italy thought of that ? 
  titanic was not unsinkable . 
  the first rome got deluged and went under . 
  syrian population has increased 16x since ad 1900 . 
  not sustainable . 
  not smart either . 
  that 2 % can breed into 32 % in no time . 
  and into 500 % in double the no time . 
  ` racist ' and ` conservative ' are mutually exclusive . 
  conservative are not racist . 
  racist are not conservative . 
  i 'm sorry , do you suggest there should be limits to the number of refugees and to the number of migrants . 
  how much ? 
  by reindependence i meant reinstating the baltic republics of pre-wwii based on legal continuity after the disintegration of the ussr in 1991 . 
  based on the hague conventions the baltic states were illegally occupied and annexed in 1939-40 and according to the geneva conventions illegally colonised during 1945-1991 . 
  the deal of membership . 
  every eu member got one . 
  it was not the same deal for everyone either . 
  eu is a very multi-faceted deal . 
  in fact , one could say that eu is nothing but a hodge-podge of different deals ( and most of the deals are there for the sole reason to circumvent citizen referenda ) . 
  estonia and poland can see that western europe can not fulfill their nato commitments of 2 % of gdp due to excessive expenses for refugees . 
  estonia and poland have fulfilled their nato duty of 2 % . 
  with every additional refugee , that defense capability of eu members within nato will continue to decrease . 
  where is the solidarity ? 
  no , it was not . 
  a free-for-all immigration was not part of the deal . 
  even schengen was not part of the deal at first . 
  and by geneva convention , did you by any chance think of the illegal soviet colonists to the baltics ? 
  none of the eu members ever helped the baltics to get rid of the illegal soviet colonists after reindependence in 1991 . 
  where was the solidarity ? 
  or perhaps it was racism to prefer africans and asians over soviets ? 
  there is no absolute morality . 
  morality is agreed with a social contract , which in turn is a game-theoretic result of a group decision making process of the citizens of the state . 
  europeans have eaten their fellow citizens during the last 100 years . 
  furthermore , morality does not exist in a vacuum , but is bound by the limited resources of the physical world . 
  limitless growth is impossible . 
  limits to growth also limit morality , regardless whether one likes it or not . 
  that in turn means that much of the internationally agreed `` human rights '' are unenforceable and unattainable , ever . 
  with ever-rising population , there is no universal right to live and breed . 
  one can adjust to limits to growth either by birth control and migration control and consumption control or by war and famine and the other horsemen of the apocalypse . 
  you can , if it was not part of the deal . 
  soviet deportation casualty rates from the baltics in 1940-41 were around 90 % . 
  90 % died en route to siberia . 
  later deportations had about 33 % of casualty rate en route . 
  the casualty rate of escaping over the baltic sea was around 10-20 % .
