  actually in such cases proof is not necessary . 
  suspicion is enough . 
   the countries that joined the eu committed to an ever closer union . 
  no , they did n't . 
  an ever-closer union is an oxymoron . 
  your answer was expected . 
   not at all . 
  this has been the scientific consensus for over two decades now . 
  now you are misleading . 
  the disarray that took place in peloponnesos did happen . 
  and it took another 1000 + years to calm down and assimilation take its course . 
   you apparently do n't even know what a `` source '' is . 
  go look it up . 
  any source is usually an abstract notion . 
  in a closed system there ca n't be any sources . 
  if you prefer , you can use leads . 
  talking about `` its share '' is talking about accepting everyone . 
  you would need to talk about setting upper limits before talking about sharing . 
  who were those ` we ' ? 
  we certainly did not have the ability to vote for juncker . 
   estonians do not buy alcoholic drinks . 
  they simply ( ingeniously ) purchase some juice , and when they get around to opening them , they will have become properly fermented . 
  we actually used to do that with milk . 
  on purpose . 
   the farmed land i 'd say is stable if not improving on average in sweden at least . 
  artificially and superficially , i am afraid . 
  artificial fertilizing brings about its own problems and is not sustainable . 
  you ca n't separate the few from the whole distribution , trying that would be eugenics . 
  you would have to accept the whole distribution with both tails and the horn ( s ) . 
  edit . 
  well , one can practice eugenics , but that decision would have to be voted on by the citizens . 
  the plot is evolving towards reconquista 2.0, 
   soil is still generating in sweden , yes . 
  we get better and better soil each year through natural effects . 
  but the important point about soil is that good practises improves soil , not consume it . 
  you are assuming good practices . 
  in practice , that does not usually happen . 
   but the important point about soil is that good practises improves soil , not consume it . 
  the creation of terra preta took about 1000 up to 2000 years . 
   who is standing over there ? 
   that 's estonians running . 
  the stats show that estonians are relatively slow only at 800m-1500m and at 110m hurdles . 
  in all other events estonians are quite competitive . 
  and in decathlon all the others are simply crushed by estonians . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_baltic_records_in_athletics https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_estonian_records_in_athletics edit . 
   but really this comes from the way estonians speak , you use so many vowels it sounds like a slowed down video recording . 
  perceptions can be deceptive . 
  estonian language text is more packed of information . 
  usually , a sample text is shortest in estonian language when compared to other european languages . 
   all are renewable , save for the minerals used in fertilizers . 
  soil regeneration takes about 10 000 years or more . 
  a swede should know that . 
   these are resources that earth renew at a much higher rate than we could ever consume the facts show otherwise . 
  those resources are being depleted . 
   how come eu citizens are ok with one of their top leaders saying such things ?!, 
  because some ( many ) eurocrats are untouchable . 
  a lot of additions from today 's piece . 
   `` prime ministers must stop listening so much to their voters and instead act as `` full time europeans '' '' . 
   elected leaders are making life `` difficult '' because they spend too much time thinking about what they can get out of eu and kowtowing to public opinion , rather than working on `` historic '' projects such as the euro , he said . 
   `` too many politicians are listening exclusively to their national opinion . 
  and if you are listening to your national opinion you are not developing what should be a common european sense and a feeling of the need to put together efforts . 
  we have too many part-time europeans . ''  `` it 's a quite common opinion in brussels that the eu always has problems with its member states and our lives would be much more comfortable without member states , '' he said . 
  ( that was task quoting ), 
   nobody can stop the uk from leaving . 
  but many are trying . 
  on page 36 : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_first_en.pdf if 56 % of the citizens of the eu member states want to limit immigration from outside of eu , and if 34 % would want no limits to immigration , then the probability ( of representative democracy ) that 23 eu member states out of 28 would vote for limitless immigration is about 230 parts per billion . 
  if the standard deviation of polling results is 1,5 % , then the confidence bounds for 6-sigma would be 9 % from the mean . 
  even at that 6-sigma confidence border , the probability of 23 out of 28 states voting for limitless immigration would be about 1/40000 . 
  so the chances that we are dealing with a democracy are pretty slim . 
  http://vassarstats.net/binomialx.html n = 28 k = 23 p = 0.34 p : 23 or more out of 28 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 2.3022e-7 ( that was the 230 parts per billion ) p : 23 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 ( the 6-sigma confidence border , if standard deviation is 1,5 % ) method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0000258 p : 20 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0022 ( that is 2 parts per thousand ) edit . 
  perhaps i should also note that brussels has had more than 12 months to do something significant about eu external borders and instead they have spent all that time to come up with cunning schemes on how to redistribute . 
   that is entirely fictional event . 
  you are joking , right ? 
   and you provided zero sources , so i dont think any of the rest holds up either . 
  i am not going to give you any further sources because apparently none of it would change your mind . 
  if you are interested , though , then you can research for yourself . 
  i have already given you the clues where to look . 
   it 's not his credentials , it 's the widely speculative projections that are not up to scientific standards . 
  on the contrary , hansen 's work is perhaps the most up to standards on applied science ( science that matters here and now and in the near future ) . 
  most of the rest are fiddling on individual details and deliberately avoiding the big picture . 
  all the forcings that have still not been integrated into the gcms , all the poorly understood nonlinear processes . 
  geological history shows that heinrich events and such are a reality , and post-industrial changes are tens of times faster than anything in the geological past . 
  we have the black box , we know the inputs and outputs , but we do not yet fully understand the nonlinear effects within that black box . 
  hansen is among the few who is willing to try to understand and let politicians act on it while we still have time . 
   could you help me out . 
  what specifically are we over consuming ? 
  what are we not ? 
  water ? 
  check . 
  soil ? 
  check . 
  fertilizers ? 
  check . 
  air ? 
  check . 
   social norms is just that , it 's what we decide is `` normal '' , we do n't define what is natural . 
  we do that all the time , you just do n't notice it as such . 
  there is nothing more to write about to make it more clear . 
  it is as clear as it can be . 
  any additional information would make the analysis more complex and more difficult to understand .
