  such `` programs '' were tried , but the citizens laughed at the propaganda . 
  they have already run out of water , thus they are n't gon na grow anywhere anyhow . 
  you can play a global role in cern and in other such agencies . 
  get rid of the brussels . 
   empires do n't homogenise . 
  all empires homogenise . 
  so you are an internationalist - a soviet people . 
  that is good to know . 
   rule of thumb : anything that eats meat is rather chewy . 
  humans are an exception , some say they taste like chicken . 
  you wo n't get rid of nationalism however much you strive for it . 
  at best you will get a new soviet nation in the eu and you can see on russia how that works out . 
  internationalists are a nation , too ( edit : and one with the only raison d'etre of being big ) . 
  about representative democracy , presidential systems with direct elections are n't the only ones . 
  representative democracy assumes that representatives manage to always provide a statistically representative sample of the will of the citizens . 
  if it does n't , then it is not a democracy . 
  edit . 
  which means that representative democracy has to have constant checks whether the representatives are following the will of the citizens or not . 
  still . 
  estonia gets smaller agricultural subsidies than most other eu countries . 
  well , at least the economic theory believes in that . 
   that 's your personal interpretation . 
  i doubt the people who made the documents think the same . 
  oh , but those documents contain much more than just empty phrases . 
  more like the whole package of free movement of goods and bads ( ie . 
  people ) . 
   actually , history does not have any similar case at all . 
  the eu is a unique case . 
  eu is not a unique case . 
  far from it . 
  eu as a confederation is meant to be transitory , juncker and all other eurocrats openly admit that . 
  actually very few confederations have remained stable for centuries , and none of the size of eu ( here i mean the areal size ) . 
  and we are not talking about merely eu here , we are talking about eurabia and afrope . 
   in every other case , empires have annexed countries through war . 
  in those cases , the `` union '' was a result of war more than it was a cause of it . 
   usually , regimes back then began and ended with war . 
  the eu began voluntarily , and may be able to reach , for the first time in history , federalization voluntarily . 
  voluntarily ? 
  lol . 
  not if juncker has anything to do with it . 
  a voluntary federation would have to have annual referendums on the exit issue . 
   this may take a very , very long time , but it is not impossible . 
  and it is worthwhile . 
  estonian counties had a loose confederation from the 1st to the 12th century ad . 
  it existed without any power grabs for 12 centuries . 
  it had no central capital and no central government , just annual parliament meetings . 
  eu ca n't become a democratic confederation nor a democratic federation with brussels . 
  capital city always means power grabs . 
  it is the same thing . 
  well , estonia had no agricultural subsidies whatsoever before it joined the eu . 
  2/3 of the eu budget is agricultural subsidies . 
  so you can imagine the competitiveness of estonia . 
   uhh what ? 
  how is giving refugees shelter and a minimum of food and water somehow aimed at getting rid of the welfare state ? 
  because sheltering large amounts of immigrants would cause the welfare state to collapse . 
  a welfare state only works because of a social contract among the citizens . 
  such a social contract only works among a homogenous group of people , ie . 
  among the natives . 
   how/why would a welfare state only be possible if there is a monocultural society ? 
  read above . 
   as far as i understand your logic seems to be that these eastern european countries would be able to improve their social systems to `` welfare state '' levels if they did n't have to pay for the refugees . 
  is that what you meant ? 
  partly , yes . 
  both in terms of accumulated resources and in terms of the ratio of natives versus non-natives . 
   if so , your other post regarding refugees seems to contain the opposite opinion :   integration and assimilation has nothing to do with money . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  more money does not help to speed up integration and assimilation . 
  more mass immigration does destroy social capital and financial capital of the host country . 
   and how do you argue when i tell you that the countries taking in most of refugees , namely sweden and germany have very good social systems and are welfare states , even tough their cultures are a lot less homogenic than in the eastern european countries which were against taking any refugees . 
  first i have to note that for all the talk , sweden passed estonia in the low share of natives in december last year . 
  germany would have to take in additional 10 million immigrants or so to reach the level of estonia . 
  secondly , the welfare systems in sweden and germany are already collapsing . 
  you should be able to deduce that from the properties of the arithmetic sequence . 
  the costs are accumulating . 
  you might see it as economic growth at the moment , but war is also an economic growth opportunity - gdp / gnp is misleading . 
   but either way , if these countries want to be a part of a european union with high standards in regards to everything from consumer rights to democracy and human rights , why should they be allowed to have lower minimum standards regarding asylum seekers than anybody else ? 
  imho standards are standards because they apply to everyone , and not just those who happen to comply either way . 
  standards are not standards . 
  eu common agricultural market is still not fully open to newer eu members . 
  eu common gas market is not working . 
  etc. , etc. 
  and the most important point is that very few of those standards have actually been tried in referendums . 
   complying with those standards is an obligation of every member state , if they do n't think their cultures are compatible , they can leave the eu and do whatever they want . 
  empty talk without mandatory annual referendums on the exit issue . 
  brussels is the first to warn against referendums ( on any issue ) . 
   interestingly all of those countries which voted against receiving any of the 120k refugees back in september are also receiving much more money from the eu than they give to it . 
  that is a compensation for the western eu member states still not completely opening up the common eu markets for eastern members . 
  it is called a convergence . 
   which is also much more than what they would have to spend to give those refugees shelter and food . 
  it is much less . 
  especially when considering welfare states . 
   on another note : do you honestly believe any eu country would have to abandon/not introduce social security for their own citizens because they have to accomodate some refugees while there is war in their home country ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  it has already happened in several countries . 
  that trend will continue . 
  i already did . 
  it is even open-access . 
   you do n't know a thing about what the maps do or do not `` tell '' . 
  oh , but i do . 
  all those official eu documents writing about ever closer cooperation with african countries and the middle east .
