  wooden floors are very common here in summer houses . 
  it is slippery only in a shower room . 
  but if a hot summer day ends with a thunderstorm , then shoes off before entering the indoors . 
  in europe , the north-east is the climatical north ; and the south-west is the climatical south . 
  more like restitution of the real european values . 
  universal values are not european values . 
  we do n't need everyone from the whole universe into europe . 
  overall fertility is dominated by the highest fertility region , not by the average . 
  if the highest fertility region does not lower fertility rates , then game over . 
  a touchdown at least . 
  edit . 
  ... and they are on the run ... 
  by language , elves were finns and estonians - the first children of ilmatar . 
  what 's the catch ? 
  whg peaks among estonians and the finnics were considered strong wizards and witches . 
  so the standoff is european whg against the middle eastern and african autosomal components . 
  we already turned the eef tide once in scandinavia ( 5000 years ago ) and restored the whg order ;-), 
  that noble origin was mostly baltic germans and what spilled from them to neighboring areas ( pskov , novgorod , petersburg ) . 
  they arrived because of the clusterfuck of the holy roman empire , also known as the northern crusades / baltic crusades . 
  as usual , they were promised an indulgence for killing and subjugating local natives . 
  to be fair , 1/3 of the baltic german nobility actually had local native ( ie . 
  non-germanic ) roots . 
  the russian empire was built by other nobles - the ones from scandinavia . 
  a funny fact : since baltic germans were not as numerous as the volga germans , the average literacy rate of russia 's germans at 1900 ad was way lower than that of finns , estonians and latvians . 
  wow . 
  that depends on the perspective , does n't it ? 
   listening to you one could start to believe that trading with russia is a grave sin . 
  selling training simulators to the russian spetznazi does give that impression . 
  yet more european values . 
  what bothers me is that germany has no qualms regarding its history when it comes to business . 
  business as usual . 
  edit . 
  i should also note that some business sectors should be under the control of the state government . 
   this does n't matter as there were no sanctions on russia ? 
  the european values ( tm ) !, 
  but when did you start it ? 
  after 2008 ? 
  after two chechen wars ? 
  edit . 
  after russia still had n't left moldova since mrp ? 
  what if siemens or rheinmetall would have a joint venture with russian military sector for designing and selling combat simulators to kremlin ? 
  still not worth stopping ? 
  http://www.ilmateenistus.ee/ilm/ilmavaatlused/vaatlusandmed/graafikud/ temps have dropped 4,6 k in 2 hours , wind has vanished , humidity risen to 90 % ( wtf ? ) . 
  day after tomorrow is surely coming . 
  more like 8 million per year : http://www.portoftallinn.com/key-figures, 
  just another ponzi scheme . 
  the thing is that none of them lasts forever and the blowup is usually spectacular . 
  population collapse . 
  civil war . 
  ethnic cleansings . 
  that sort of things . 
  a tanking station ;-) also , the finns can `` go south '' , while estonians can `` go north '' . 
  in finnic languages , `` going north '' means the same as `` going south '' in the english language . 
  `` going north '' means going to the bottom ( of things ) . 
  one would have to profit soon . 
  there is that : http://flood.firetree.net/?ll=59.4808,23.7700&amp;zoom=7&amp;m=40 http://flood.firetree.net/?ll=59.3416,24.6777&amp;zoom=7&amp;m=60, 
  let me guess ... ... ilmatarkus :-) just look at the damage that our 3 estonian coat of arms lions are currently doing to the v\u00e4stmanland county of sweden : http://www.ilmateenistus.ee/meri/jaakaart/, 
  keywords { migration terminal point markov process } give interesting results , perhaps i will see what models are discussed . 
  there is little point in just looking at bilateral flows without a markov process approach . 
  edit . 
  with assuming memory , it would become a reinforcement learning ( td temporal difference ) task . 
  i am 80 % right and that is the part that matters . 
  nobody wishes to emigrate to nigeria . 
  almost everybody wishes to emigrate to europe , since usa and canada and australia and japan take only select very few . 
  edit . 
  also , the arab countries only take in contract workers for a limited time . 
  and it is not lax like the turkish workers in germany who could stay indefinitely . 
  edit2 . 
  also , there are intermediate destinations and terminal destinations . 
  terminal destinations are what matter . 
  and how many bullets of the sarkozy plan are still being violated by russia ( since the georgian war of 2008 ) . 
  easy for you to say . 
  while we have had to practically live behind a naval blockade since ns1 . 
  right into the oven then, 
  friday night forecast for tallinn is down to -25 c. 
  so did hitler and stalin . 
  i am not claiming that you are 100 % either . 
  but for an observer the small probability is there . 
  for ee , ns2 means mrp2 - what it brings about is another matter . 
  as the saying goes - do n't piss against the wind , especially if it is freezing . 
  on the other hand , estonians have a lot of experience on ice roads . 
  once in the early 14th century one ice road stretched from saaremaa to l\u00fcbeck over the sea - about 400 km . 
  there is reason to be concerned . 
  that poll with the 700 million was in 2009 , which means that for example the syrian ( actually the mediterranean and middle-eastern ) drought had not started in ernest yet . 
  perhaps you should look at the increase in actual immigration rates during the last 6 years and think of a similar trend in desires . 
  also , besides europe there is nowhere to go . 
  so here they come . 
  do n't remember . 
  but i am sure that an armed destroyer ( or even more likely a submarine or two ) was not far from there . 
  and there was likely a small squadron of rf jets just happening to fly over . 
  playing the nazi card huh ? 
  based on your responses you could just as well be a kremlin gremlin . 
  regardless of which of the two , both prefer to deal with each other at the expense of those in between them two . 
   our contracts have been straightforward enough to ensure that we had no ( direct ) problems in decades . 
  you should n't be surprised that germany is treated differently from georgia . 
   if ukraine acknowledges itself that they are in delay , there is not really an issue . 
  there is an issue if you wish to avoid a similar situation in the future . 
   it does n't matter in the way that it is not really relevant for us for what reason we are cut off . 
  it matters if you wish to avoid a similar situation in the future . 
   we have to try to eliminate possible interferences on our supply .
