  it is about math and statistics . 
  juncker and merkel is a start . 
  there are quite many of them , actually , if you look around . 
  their motto is : baby steps . 
   social democrats more than 40 % in estonia ? 
  social democrats + centre ( - left ie . 
  so you do get it ? 
  the left that is part of the establishment . 
  the other side of the komintern . 
  and yet , soviets managed to cull more people than did nazis . 
  and then there was mao and pol poth and so on . 
  and merkel is surely not extremist . 
  labels can be misleading . 
  which is why such centres should investigate political extremism in all its forms , concentrating on just one part would be grossly misleading ( just look at the current discussion here ) , which probably was the intention ( to carry on unbalanced coverage ) . 
  there are distributed solutions against such hacks . 
   yeah but in this case they were syrian christians . 
  or were they ? 
  all you need is to check for the significance of skewness . 
  if the skew in media is significant , then some parties have managed to significantly ( i 'd even say persistently ) skew one channel of the perception of reality . 
  security is relative . 
  i did n't ask how hard would be a totally secure electronic voting . 
  i am well aware that many domains have exclusionary paradoxes . 
  one of those paradoxes actually says something about the impossibility of voting methods - does not mean that one should never use voting at all , quite the contrary . 
  hitler did exactly the same that bolsheviks did . 
  eliminated competition . 
  nazis were socialists . 
  keep on talking , it quite revealing . 
  so did soviet bolsheviks . 
  before hitler . 
  and after hitler . 
  and together with hitler . 
  and merkel is not an extremist . 
  well , in contemporary russia , neo-national socialism is just one interpretation of anti-fascism . 
  in the morning they protest against `` fascists '' , in the evening they openly sell and advocate nazi memorabilia . 
   i 'd seems kinda weird that the first thing a socialist would do is arrest all socialists and communists right ? 
  that actually happened . 
  as the first thing , bolsheviks eliminated their closest competitors on the left wing . 
  so do n't look so surprised . 
  edit . 
  from your linked text the only relevant quote i found : `` so labels can be misleading . '', 
  how hard is electronic voting ? 
  in a two-house system , parties can provide a few alternative legislation proposals , interest groups of citizenry can add some alternative proposals on their own . 
  eventually the citizenry can vote between the alternatives ( of which one alternative should always be to reject all ) . 
  politics is not a one-dimensional issue . 
  but the centrists like to paint it as one-dimensional issue from their own vantage point and label others as extremists . 
  in all likelyhood , centrists are just as extremist as any other , provided that their decisionmaking on individual issues does not reflect the will of the majority of the citizenry . 
  politics is an unbounded n-dimensional phenomenon and the issues should be decided by the will of the majority of the citizenry , not by politicians . 
  well , `` they '' have n't seen any terrorists neither . 
  nor has any member of any government `` seen '' them . 
   nation states in europe have become too small and irrelevant to hold out on their own and effectively deal with global economic and political powers . 
  actually it is the nation states who have held their own . 
  eu has n't . 
  usa has n't . 
  rf has n't . 
   diversity is partially propagated by the need for cheap labor and is also a by-product of a high level of individual freedom , both of which are necessary from a purely economic standpoint . 
  your first two claims ( cheap labor and high level of individual freedom ) are mutually exclusive . 
  and neither is necessary from a purely economical standpoint , not to mention that a `` purely economical standpoint '' does not even make sense for individuals and for the society . 
  economy is just one of the 1st partial derivatives of overall wealth . 
  neglect the other partial derivatives and you are running blind . 
  nazis were socialists , thus left-wing . 
  extreme left wingers have never had qualms about targeting and killing other left-wingers . 
  happened all the time in the ussr . 
  how about google trends : far left , the establishment , far right https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=far%20left%2c%20the%20establishment%2c%20far%20right&amp;cmpt=q&amp;tz=etc%2fgmt-3 it clearly shows that the mass media has deliberately skewed the tails . 
  however , they forgot that the largest extremality is the establishment - and it shows . 
  correction : estonia is the true successor of the russian empire . 
  ussr was the true successor of the soviet russia . 
  and contemporary rf is the true successor of the ussr . 
  those stops likely also serviced su-27 squadrons and migs . 
  there was that one small ( subtropical ? ), 
  region in russia where it almost never snows ( in summer ) . 
  rumours are that putin buried 50 billion usd there into asphalt and concrete . 
  well , now the syrians can ditch their syrian passports and come to eu as non-syrians . 
  and the non-syrians can take the syrian passports and come to eu as syrians . 
  it all checks out . 
   minorities/bitches/addicts ( you can resume by deviants people ) for spreading it in this case it is a scientific fact . 
  deal with it . 
  that depends on your understanding of the word ` educated ' . 
  they know the facts . 
  what you are after is enforcing specific behavior and that can only be achieved by brainwashing . 
  anonymous alcoholics know that they have a problem , but they have a hard time altering their behavior - they need brainwashing . 
  i am not saying that brainwashing is always bad , but it would be wrong to call it ` education ' . 
  edit . 
  one might call it `` mental programming '' or `` mental conditioning '' . 
  as to afro-africans , i derived it from afro-americans . 
  sub-saharan africans would not be entirely correct , with those boers . 
  and afro-africans have that nice ring to it . 
   even if he did n't know the right word , it is still a stupid thing to say only said to appear not racist by avoiding to say black brings aids . 
  in this particular case it is scientifically documented . 
  deal with it . 
  what ? 
  the statistical analyses on the permeability of different types of condoms during different types of sex ? 
  3d physical models and computer simulations of the acts ? 
  hiv was not the first sexual disease in the wild ( ok , its derivatives are millions of years old , but who is counting ) . 
  such specific `` education '' is at least 100 years old . 
  persons have quite good sense of what is a right and what is a wrong approach , but as with smoking and drugs they do not always follow good advice - that is the field of brainwashing , not education . 
  estonia is about on par with russia and ukraine . 
  as i recall , our special strand of hiv was brought in by afro-africans who had fun times with some liberal women of estonia . 
  from there it metastacized to spreading among the junkies and gays of russian speakers in north-east estonia ( narva , then other towns ) . 
  and finally it broke free of the special social classes into the wild , however the original classes are still much more affected than other classes . 
  education is estonia is top notch , estonia has consistently posted top european scores in pisa science tests .
