  estonians have a hungry wolf stare , with a hint of mona lisa smile . 
  finns dumb down and then outsmart you . 
  you would be mottied . 
  not this : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=mottie but this : http://www.winterwar.com/tactics/mottis.htm#birth, 
  actually this is pretty much what presidents of several eu member states have communicated to their citizens - that they are shit if they are against globalization ( mass immigration ) . 
  what do you think the nato hedgehog event in estonia was ? 
  a giant clusterfook . 
  that is what forest brothers did while being idle and bored . 
  that 's nothing . 
  sometimes they steal railroads with train echelons on it . 
  economy is the first order partial derivative of wealth . 
  economic growth is the second order partial derivative . 
  change of economic growth is the third order partial derivative . 
  if you do n't take into account all first order partial derivatives , then trying to account second or third order derivatives does not make much sense . 
  brussels and national establishments have embarrassed themselves already enough , thus further power grab will not be tolerated . 
  eu can only survive as a loose confederation + strong nato . 
  nato will secure the outer borders . 
  international conventions on refugees will likely be changed to limit mass migrations . 
  the after-effect of switching from uralic to indo-european . 
  baltoscandia is a thing . 
  by 1919 , finland was already independent and the czar family had all been killed already and the russian empire had ceased to exist . 
  and germany had surrendered . 
  they ( and we ) keep up their minimal mental shields all the time . 
  the ugrians of finno-ugrians in western siberia had ( and still have ) a population density of about 50-100 km2 per one individual - about the same as the density of big predators ( wolves , bears , lynx ) in estonia . 
  wolverines need even more space than that - about 10-20x more . 
  that 's what i wrote about . 
  in soviet russia , you belong to estonia . 
  the bolshevik rule was not a legal successor of the russian empire . 
  the only regions that have retained legal regional continuity with the russian empire are finland and estonia . 
  incidentally , estonia was the first to recognize soviet russia . 
  thus , estonia had rights over soviet russia , not the other way around . 
  based on the downvoting it seems that i have struck a nerve ( or two ) . 
  economic growth is the wrong way to solve the conondrum . 
  the solution is to implement sustainable economic models . 
  none of the growing economic models are sustainable . 
  sustainable economic models imply an equilibrium population size . 
  third world needs to implement one-child policy - all of them . 
  poles are allergic to ereliukas . 
  the real problem with the phrase is that mass immigration and carbon neutral life in europe are incompatible with each other , even without considering religious conflicts . 
  burning wood in stoves against the eu passivhaus directive should be enough . 
  do n't underestimate your opponents . 
  the polls show that the vast majority of real women are against mass immigration . 
  the feminist movement has either been infiltrated and overrun or an astroturf from the very start . 
  a false flag operation . 
  or an inside infiltration and takeover . 
  the feminists are not led by ` women ' , but by the other side of the komintern . 
  yes , there is no need to equal them . 
  but 60 000 us troops in the baltics would be sweet . 
  it would mean that russia would have to keep 200 000 at that border , meaning that very few would be spared to the ukraine campaign . 
  the 3 were full penetrations , the rest of the 100 + were just a casual cop feel . 
  actually you are mistaken . 
  the poll dynamics shows that men have been constantly more pro-immigration than women ( disregard the ` just right amount ' crowd ; look at the ` could welcome more ' crowd ) . 
  i smell a big profit somewhere . 
   0 points ( 45 % upvoted ) so , what , 5 up from the 1 default and then also 6 downvotes ? 
  that 5-year plan of 1 million a year is exactly what the un migration office has been touting since last spring . 
  1/1000 if you consider official stats . 
  1/2000 if you take into account false self-identifications and recent arrivals . 
  generalised over eu , multiply those 2 by 2 000-10 000 and you have got 4000 up to 20 000 santa 's little helpers . 
  the last one . 
  and the bigotry of assuming that they ( the establishment ) are the righteous . 
  you do have a point , in that the moscow patriarch of the orthodox church is part of the fsb , which is under the command of putin . 
  has been so since the times of stalin . 
  the best of the rest ;-), 
  so if finland is considered the best , what does it say about all the others ? 
  30 year old refugee men have an average oecd education level of a 2nd grade . 
  15 year old finnish girls have an average oecd education level of a 10th grade . 
  checks out . 
  flash mobs need to be countered with flash standoffs by the locals . 
  like was done in tallinn , may 15 , 1990 . 
  youtube watch?v = wwq1tjev5r8 offending refugees need to be scared shitless . 
  or , the police should raise ( edit . 
  rise ) to the challenge . 
   because we 're afraid that it plays into the hands of the swedish democrats ( populist right-wing ) . 
  is n't that xenophobia ? 
  international socialists , also known as internazis . 
  behold the other side of the komintern . 
   it 's a sensitive topic , sometimes we do n't dare to say things as they are because we 're afraid that it plays into the hands of the swedish democrats ( populist right-wing ) . 
  we have to take responsibility within the police-force . 
  let 's hope that they will really really take responsibility . 
  and resign . 
  in estonia any immigration critical statement is tied to the ekre party . 
  a pattern emerges ... 
  ex or no ex , what matters is connection to active politicians . 
  you mean no other media owners / editors have direct connection to active politicians ? 
  the difference from a cultural centre and a separate mosque building is the constant screams over the neighbouring area from the minarette . 
  other than that there is not much difference . 
  both have produced jihadi soldiers . 
   otherwise , i do n't know how many thousand churches we could count here . 
  you would be surprised how many churches in estonia are being counted without a church tower . 
   you 'll get an insurance on stuff that are likely to need it . 
  that 's why you insure your car or your house , but not your left arm , for example . 
  how likely is islamization in estonia ? 
  it has produced at least one jihadi soldier already , so estonia is well on its way . 
  especially when computing the per muslim capita . 
  pianists and violin players and athletes and such often insure their hands . 
  an economic ponzi scheme needs to have growing amount of people to give loans to . 
  the natives refuse to take additional excessive loans . 
  if you refuse to militarily help your allies against the invasion of russia , then that counts as being pro-russia . 
  you are shifting goalposts . 
  the point was the opinions of germans at a relative scale .
