   this is as much of an answer as `` my age '' would be to the question of `` how old are you ? '' . 
  in this response you 're actively avoiding having to make a decision - which is the very point / u/thedomcook is trying to make . 
  you ca n't change everything in one step . 
  the change has to be gradual . 
  there is a reason why estonia is the legal regional successor to the russian empire and why rf , the descendant of ussr , the descendant of soviet russia is not a legal descendant of the russian empire . 
  the majority of the current electorate can decide to enlarge or to contract the kind of citizens who can vote . 
  i have no strong position in this question , but i note that including more youth and excluding more elderly would have to be done via merit tests and as you wrote such tests are problematic . 
   the same rules should apply to the house of commons ( citizen referendums ) as does apply to the house of establishment ( parliament ) . 
  either absolute or relative majority , but equal treatment of both houses . 
   i actually like this idea . 
  but the problem with this is that most people do n't have time to go through all the law changes which passes through parliament . 
  that 's the whole thing about the senate : it 's those people full-time job to look at all the proposed law changes . 
  with two houses , the house of commons can choose to intervene only when it sees necessary . 
    an average citizen is at least as competent as an average politician . 
   this is an interesting statement . 
  for one , i guess we should both honestly agree that there are no official statistics for this - so it 's more of a hunch . 
  your hunch says one thing ( average politician is less competent than average citizen ) , mine says something else ( average politician is more competent than average citizen ) . 
  it 's hard to argue like that . 
  but it may be worthwhile to investigate why we have these assumptions . 
  so i ask you the following question : are you surrounded by competent and/or highly-educated people who would all have an iq higher than 100 ? 
  you are leading me with questions . 
  ;-) yes , of the people i interact with , most are likely at least at average . 
  but even those below average talk more sense than almost any politician . 
  so regardless whether politicians are at or above or below average , they certainly do n't seem to be above average . 
  and if they are and they fake it , then they do it for nefarious reasons - which is an even larger crime than being stupid . 
  so they are either stupid or they participate in a conspiracy against the citizens and against the state . 
   i am not saying that iq tells you how competent you are , but when it comes to making political and/or financial decisions , there may be something to say for people with an iq over 120 being more competent than those with an iq lower than 80 . 
  some matters simply are complex . 
  very few of the politicians seem able to grasp the properties of arithmetic sequence and geometric sequence . 
  that is 1st grade admission test material ( on an intuitive level ) or 6-8th grade material ( knowledge level ) . 
  and again , if they fake , then they conspire against the state . 
    direct democracy would not be allowed to ban direct democracy . 
  there might be some small exceptions regarding some nato issues , but that 's basically it . 
   since we 're discussing establishing direct democracy , how would we determine these rules correctly ? 
  why are nato and the democratic process not allowed to have a say in ? 
  the house of commons could reserve some state secret areas for the relevant state authorities . 
  but the house of commons could always revoke that . 
   in fact , if the majority of the people agree that direct democracy does not work ( because although it has a strong sense of representation , it lacks efficiency in times in which the state needs to respond quickly ) , why would you not allow the people to decide that ? 
  for one reason because the next generations might think differently and they are ( will be ) the citizens as well . 
  another reason , because with two houses , the house of commons can choose to intervene only when it sees necessary . 
  thus the only problems could arise if the will of the majority of citizens fluctuates too much over time . 
  but that fluctuation can be remedied by a higher decision threshold ( 60 % instead of 50 % ) , not by eradicating direct democracy . 
   edit : i find this a very interesting discussion , by the way , because i used to share many of your thoughts !, 
  let me guess , you are part of the establishment now ? 
   the people who called out the referendum publicly admitted to not caring about that issue , but rather caring about the eu in general . 
  the referendum was not about ukraine . 
  it was about the eu . 
  the answer is more referendums , not fewer . 
   i suppose we first need a referendum on whether there should be an option c with electronic voting that is a 1-click process . 
   so what if they do n't . 
  they perhaps do n't have the full information before the bill is actually introduced to them . 
  why would they make a stance before , like those typical internet conspiracy theorists ? 
  no statement before their final vote means no consultations with their voters . 
  and you have the nerve to talk about representative democracy . 
  i disagree with you . 
  we have already discussed that . 
  the majority of citizens should always have the right to decide any question . 
  you are sounding like the broken record of agw deniers : it has not warmed since 1991 , not since 1994 , not since 1999 , not since 2008 , not since 2014 , not since 2016 . 
  thucydides1987 wrote :  estonia 's prime minister sounds utterly paranoid . 
  estonia will build a wall from hundreds of ships . 
   i 'm white and grew up in hawaii . 
  in my experience , as long as your group is at least 30 % you 're ok , when you drop below that , things start to get difficult . 
  that is the golden rule of engagement : amass a 3-to-1 advantage before attack . 
  there are other eu countries like italy , greece and cyprus eager to get rid of the sanctions . 
  it is just more delicious for the mass media to blame v4 . 
  estonian refugees to canada once held the 3rd rank in income . 
  do n't think it was due to excessive state subsidies . 
   direct democracy seems to be your idea here , and that is a disaster as the minority will always suffer to the the tyranny of the majority . 
  the tyranny of the majority is always better than the tyranny of the minority . 
  of course , that depends on the definitions of majority and minority ( ie . 
  the electorate , or the range of decisionmakers ) . 
   there also needs to be some stability in terms of governance which if the people vote on everything is impossible to predict . 
  the house of commons can introduce the principle of a higher threshold , for example 60 % instead of 50 % . 
  or that referendum results would have to stay steady for one year . 
  if the house of commons ( the citizenry ) so desires , they can have option c : eating meat is voluntary . 
  the options shall reflect the will of the citizenry . 
   the people who ask the questions will be able to frame the issue . 
  that is why both houses ( house of establishment ; house of commons ) should be able to do that . 
   in addition , referenda are a blunt tool : you can never say `` yes , on the condition that x and y are added , z is removed , a & b get better funding to deal with their new tasks and clause 3.c is changed to ... '' . 
  you can , if that set of conditions is framed as one alternative . 
   referenda are good to cut the knot if you have to take a hot issue decision , but not for daily policy . 
  daily policy ? 
  what kind of policy is that ? 
  that is not policy , it is management . 
  anyway , with two houses ( establishment and commons ) , the citizenry always have the option to intervene , but they do n't have to . 
  scotsman is an individual . 
  in this case nationwide referendum is about the will of the majority of citizenry . 
  you ca n't disaggregate votes on aggregated issues . 
   germany did select its government . 
  sure , not half +1 of the total population , but that 's excuses . 
  i repeat . 
  none of the 20th century madnesses ( nor its individual actions ) were put on a nationwide referendum . 
  ansip government was about to fall , not because of support of parties , but because of citizen dissent . 
   most parties do n't even make a clear statement on these treaty proposals before their final vote . 
  how very democratic of them . 
   however he was elected president of the ussr democratically . 
      juncker was indeed elected democratically . 
  democracy assumes direct voting . 
  representative democracy is an oxymoron . 
  i was referring to `` idiotic ideas '' backed by referendum results .
