  those reserves are depleting . 
   as i said , the numbers are to small to cause this in this lifetime . 
  the numbers are not small . 
  you should be honest enough to recognize all the statements of the un migration office , which basically demand that eu would have to take in about 5-10 million `` refugees '' within about 5-10 years . 
  those numbers would likely increase in the future . 
  and since more than half of those would choose to live in germany and since all the immigrants would choose to invite in all the relatives of their extended families ( and those are an addition to those 10 million ) , germany will be overrun in this lifetime if bau ( business as usual ) continues . 
  edit . 
  during the soviet occupation , the average annual arrival and staying rate of soviet colonists was about 0,8 % of the native population . 
  it took only 42 years to lower the native share of 97 % down to 60 % . 
   the acceptance rate is around 70 % . 
  you need to look at the deportation rates , not at the acceptance rates . 
  the sustainable limit of non-natives is at most 10 % of the population . 
  that translates to an annual immigration rate of about 1/1000 of the size of the native population . 
  it derives from the historical assimilation and language switch times of about 5-10 centuries . 
  there are several such examples , one is sparta . 
  that argument does not follow . 
  tribal and national units enable social contracts to keep the environment and the society stable ( ideally ) over many millennia . 
  multikulti societies ca n't enable such social contracts , at least not fully . 
  and the concept of millennia of stability is entirely alien to them . 
  talking about parties would be pointless if we had more direct democracy . 
  it is a fact that the establishment hates direct democracy more than it hates the neo-nazi parties . 
  edit . 
  neo-nazi parties are considered as part of the establishment , but the citizens are not . 
  eu does not have seats in the un security council . 
  individual european countries have . 
  eu is not in nato . 
  individual european countries are . 
  individually , the post-eu countries would be stronger , because they would not stand individually but together , having direct and fair relations , not muddied by brussels . 
  the first reconquista has not really ended yet in europe and is going to intensify , partly because of eu . 
  it is a zero-sum game , at least the mass media think so . 
  either internationalism or nationalism . 
  soviets or natives . 
  just wait until more east european countries join eu . 
  it would turn the guts of this map inside out . 
   sorry that the historical evidence contradicts your 19th century ideologies about nation states and races . 
  that is thick coming from the descendants of hellenic greek national city states . 
  nation states are older than empires . 
  and races are older than species . 
  swedes better concentrate on the linguistic aspects of the pitted ware . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitted_ware_culture#language and on who were the people who restored the dominance of whg in sweden about 5-4000 years ago , after the influx of eef . 
  and why do gotlanders have a share of n1c that is merely 2x lower than that in estonia . 
  from your reply you almost give the impression that the immigrants are using some sort of teleportation scheme or a wormhole to get to germany `` without violating any borders '' . 
  when is germany going to take its share of soviet colonists ? 
  but where is the solidarity ? 
  perhaps a fine fine should be introduced on those eu countries who skimp on defense . 
  250 000 eur fine per every successfully infiltrated immigrant or little green man should do it . 
  the only solution would have to include forced sterilisation , because mena is running out of ground water and is unable to sustain even the current population . 
  anything less than that is purely symbolic , and is n't really going to succeed in addressing the issue at this late stage . 
  neo will resurrect all the chud . 
  23c here today , little to no wind . 
  the only true conservatives are green conservatives aka nativists ( and likely animists ) . 
  fast population explosion is always followed by an even faster population collapse . 
  it is the natural laws of population dynamics . 
  depleting ground water is entirely their own fault , not that of climate change . 
  irrigating more would just aggravate and speed up the problem . 
  depleting ground water is entirely their own fault , not that of climate change . 
  the only responsible strategy would be a forced sterilisation of mena . 
  maybe after the first child , but we may not have that luxury any more , the time is running out ( edit : and so is water , and depleting ground water is entirely their own fault , not that of climate change ) . 
  very few got through the verdun lines . 
  those who tried , perished . 
  when there is a will , there is a way . 
  do n't blame others of your lack of will . 
  second crimean war , also in prussia . 
   finland and estonia can go do whatever it is you do with a dick like a toothpick . 
  i think this `` study '' measures more about honesty than size . 
  sauna cultures are more honest . 
  not sure about those hungarians . 
  italy could have all but one of its navy in repairs and the one in operation would be held in reserve . 
   it is already open for all to see , and it 's delusional to think that the `` dominators '' are humiliated for it . 
  backdoor deals are by default not `` already open for all to see '' . 
   it is never humiliating to be in a dominant position . 
  it can be . 
  it is . 
   if anything , it is for the sake of common courtesy towards the ones that are dominated that we pretend to respect national sovereignty in the first place . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  who are the `` we '' , btw ? 
   the government might not be able to make backroom deals , but soon enough people would realize they have to make those exact same decisions anyway . 
  no they would n't need to make such decisions . 
  the best strategy against shady deals is full transparency . 
  no backroom deals whatsoever . 
   either way , the concept of sovereignty will not shield the weak from the strong . 
  perhaps , but the domination would be open for all to see . 
  thus the dominators can be humiliated . 
   you could always be north korea , personally i 'd much rather be america 's ( or preferably eu 's ) bitch . 
  the only generalisation i can make of your statement is that you prefer to be a bitch . 
  germany could do squat on the nordstream issues . 
  germany has tried mightily to change the attitudes , but lost miserably . 
  with a more direct democracy , you could n't do any of that . 
  so for the sake of democracy , all states need to become nuclear powers . 
  if they are after the darwin award , then one should not stop them of achieving their goal . 
   or it 's simple common sense . 
  there are countercases for both opposing views . 
  the best compromise would be to have two houses - the house of the establishment ( the parliament ) and the house of commons ( all the citizens in an electronic referendum ) . 
  the absolute majority of the house of commons would be able to overturn any legislation , or to propose its own . 
  italy and greece can choose , whether to build a wall between them and the mediterranean , or between them and the europe to the north . 
  at sea , one can install sea mines ( which have the added benefit that nobody would try to go for a rescue ) . 
  that is a natural death rate for such a young contingent . 
  a larger percentage of young die in russia in road accidents annually . 
  it 's not our fault .
