  in parliament , the window of opportunity to press the button is very very limited . 
  many representatives have actually missed that window . 
   again , only nominally . 
  no , here the difference is essential . 
   for a bloody good reason . 
  smoke and mirrors . 
  it is not like the establishment itself would follow those rules . 
   oh yes there is . 
  it 's called equal treatment . 
  that is not democracy , as you yourself noted :  ... despite it being technically undemocratic . 
  it is a currently prevailing custom among our species not to eat our own species . 
  those are customs , not `` universal principles '' . 
  the minority has a decision power only in the domain where the minority is a ( rightful ) majority . 
   nope . 
   you still have n't given me the specific reason to not have relative majority voting . 
  i already gave it . 
  the reason was that the same ( relative or not ) majority voting would have to be used in both houses . 
   also , what would happen if it is in conflict with a preceding legislation ? 
  that happens all the time . 
  there are a number of options for conflict resolution . 
  if everything also goes through the house of establishment , then that would be one check ( and co-responsibility ) . 
  the goal should be to minimize such conflicts . 
  the best strategy is to minimize the amount of legislation . 
  if the house of establishment and house of commons are in a repeating conflict , then because the house of commons ca n't be dismantled one would have to dismiss the current house of establishment and call for new elections . 
   seriously , you using such terms only makes you look less intelligent . 
  establishment is an oft-used concept in political media stories , especially in the uk media . 
  it is apt as well . 
   very well , but my opinions have actually something to do with reality . 
  perhaps that should be decided on a referendum . 
   ... while you still lack basic understanding of how our legislation works and why it works that way . 
  if you believe that things can work only one way , then you are merely indoctrinated . 
   you are clearly wrong here . 
  it requires the knowledge of combinatorics , which was either part of the junior high or high school curricula . 
  and the practical part of throwing dice usually starts from age 4 or at first grades at the very least . 
   i just do n't understand what do you have against the concept of an already existing political party ? 
  parties are partial and part of the establishment . 
  they trade with decision power ( and mostly not with the citizens ) . 
  it is two additional layers of obfuscation away from direct democracy . 
   law loopholes are hardly ever intentional . 
  lol . 
  yeah . 
  do you really expect others to believe that ? 
  there is an industry for loopholes . 
  there is demand as well . 
   tax evasions are either legal and known publicly or are criminal . 
  it is not just those two options . 
   future developments are not definite . 
  but the odds are good for the profiteers . 
   that 50k immigrants was just incorrect information . 
  or was it ? 
  are you going to deny preparations that started around 3 years ago ? 
  the preparations that flew under the radar while the establishment publicly carried out an overton window rehearsal with the same-sex legislation . 
   you being blindly against the establishment is flawed . 
  my eyes are open . 
  and i am against the establishment . 
   i fear too many decisionmaking rights to people , who do n't know what they are deciding upon . 
  you fear the swarm intelligence of the citizenry , yet you trust the swarm intelligence of the establishment . 
  there is a class conflict between the two . 
   such unknowing people are too easily manipulated , including us in aspects of legislation we know nothing about . 
  the beauty of my proposal is that the house of the commons can always change their majority decision , all the issues would remain open for voting . 
  perhaps the reason is that swiss are essentially a federation while formally a confederation . 
  while for example russia is essentially an empire while formally a federation . 
  thus the federation of switzerland is still much more confederate than any other federation . 
   and here is where your education in math does n't help you . 
  it is a democratic principle that the majority ca n't decide for any discrimination of the minority , despite it being technically undemocratic . 
  any such add-on principles have been made up by the establishment . 
  there is no higher democratic principle than the will of the majority ( within the native domain of the majority ) . 
  if the majority decides that in order to save the environment we shall start eating people , then so it shall be ( at least until civil disobedience or a civil war ) . 
   i like the comparison , considering i 've seen `` i can do this better than the machine '' mentality in action and the subsequent lacklustre results of trying to outpace a machine built to consistently do its job with a skillset atrophied by lack of use shoved into the middle of an ongoing situation . 
  well , financial markets are mostly run by ai by now . 
  one can imagine a scenario where a goal-optimizing ai would try to crash pension funds in order to maximize its own objectives ( if possible ) , even subconsciously . 
  there is always a need to take back full control . 
  and i absolutely mean full control . 
   please provide non-ridiculous arguments this time . 
  i already did . 
   `` those rules should apply the same to all the houses . '', 
  one way out would be that the decisions by only a relative majority in the parliament would either have to be verified by an absolute majority of the parliament or the absolute majority of the citizenry . 
  there might be necessary to relax such a requirement for special ( war , natural disaster ) circumstances , but one would have to ensure that such special decisionmaking circumstances would not last long . 
   and i absolutely support this public vetoing mechanism . 
  however to call it a second assembly of the parliament , would be a bit far-fetched in this case . 
  well , i envision that the house of commons would also be righteous to devise and propose and vote on their own legislation , if desired . 
  but that would only be in rare occasions . 
  and perhaps such proposals would require the absolute majority support from the house of establishment , or perhaps not . 
   yes , but a mathematician can only do so much in influencing politics and legislation . 
  obviously . 
  that is why so few bother . 
   you are good in imposing strategies , but you utterly fail to see real life and the reason why parliamentary process has evolved the way it has . 
  that might be your opinion . 
  others might have their own opinion . 
   you may ridicule law and politology education all you want , but at least i am knowledgeable how things actually work and have at least decent ideas how to make them better . 
  my prior claims still stand : for understanding how things actually work one would require understanding of math , statistics , operations research , decision theory , game theory and much more . 
  without such understanding one would simply be indoctrinated , nothing more . 
   your ideas however are n't however thought-through . 
  that is because i do n't want those ideas to be mine . 
  i want others to take those ideas and run with them ( together or in parallel ) . 
  i do n't intend to sell a ready-made product package ( and have a business method patent on it ) . 
   and my point remains - if you have a specific education and want to explain your specific ideas using that specific knowledge , then you really need to be able to explain things to everybody , who has no or little clue of what you 're talking about . 
  statistically representative sample should be a simple concept . 
  applying that concept to the definition of democracy should be easy . 
  using binomial distribution to check the probability of democracy in `` representative democracy '' on eu matters should be understandable for high school youth ( or even junior high ) , it does n't really require advanced math .
