  those checks and balances in the form of two houses is not completely novel . 
  but the specific implementation details are open for discussion . 
  the way i read you , you do n't want to even consider any blend of direct and representative democracy , you want to reject any such ideas outright ( that is why you want a full package to reject , not to run with the idea ) - which leads me to believe ( probabilistically ) that you either are somehow part of the establishment or are perhaps wanting to keep that option open to become part of it ( which would make sense even solely based on your choice of degrees ) . 
  and i have to repeat myself again : swarm intelligence is enough for a democratic society , thus one can not hide behind the claim of `` most individuals are individually morons '' or that `` an average citizen is individually dumber than you think '' . 
  i am contributing my part to the swarm intelligence , do n't expect me to brainwash all the others . 
   now that is beyond any reasonable logic . 
  oh , there is logic and even more so it is apparent . 
  one only needs to observe their behaviour during the legislation discussion of pay and compensation for the representatives . 
   there will always be unofficial confidential information . 
  there is too much of it . 
  some of it is by design to have more confidential information . 
   again , what private information is being traded by the mps ? 
  law loopholes , tax evasions , future developments , such stuff . 
   please provide examples of what unofficial confidential information they are holding back that they should n't . 
  for example the information that incentivized the estonian coalition to start planning for incoming 50 000 `` refugees '' , in early 2013 . 
  almost completely under the radar . 
  and later to deny it . 
   with multiple houses like how ? 
  what bills would the people have to vote on and what not ? 
  by default the people would only have to vote on constitutional changes . 
  but they would have the option to vote on anything . 
  i do n't want to propose a rigid solution , i am merely showing that there are viable alternatives by proposing some ideas . 
  while the establishment ( and you ) pretend to ignore such alternatives . 
   your whole theory is ridiculously flawed . 
  you are not making sense . 
  direct democracy is not my theory . 
  multiple houses is not my theory . 
  i have merely blended those two concepts . 
  my proposals are not even radical , one could implement it step-by step , baby steps , if you will ;-) edit : but that is what you fear the most , do n't you ? 
  the baby steps towards direct democracy . 
   and when faced with the actual boring stuff , the average person decides to `` let someone else deal with it '' . 
  nothing wrong with that , cars have cruise control and some newer ones autopilot , but the driver should always have the option to ( fully or partially , his choice ) take back the driving control . 
  even more so with airplanes . 
  ok , i did n't know that . 
  assuming you are correct . 
  not really . 
  panama case applies equally well to `` department ( heads ) inside government agencies '' . 
  belgium is a federal monarchy . 
  perhaps things could stand better if belgium would be a confederation . 
   however , switzerland is special ... special mostly by geography . 
   country that has no natural resources , but has one of the highest gdp-s in the world must have a very educated and intelligent population . 
  wrong assumption . 
   high income also means that people have more resources ( time & money & will ) to focus on policy issues , charity , leisure etc. 
  funny that , because the most successful democracies have been hunter-gatherer societies . 
  civilisation tends to suppress democracy - i wonder why ? 
  is it because of the establishment ? 
   is the eu ready for this ? 
  i 'm very sceptical in light of the recent dutch referenda . 
  i draw the opposite conclusion . 
  i think eu is overdue . 
  there 's a lot of debate . 
  hmm , let 's see . 
  black is white . 
  war is peace . 
  and democracy is the will of the establishment . 
   popular support is not the divine touch of gold that makes all decision the right decision . 
  whether a decision is right or wrong is irrelevant to the definition of democracy . 
  what you are advocating is not democracy , but something else - representative plutocracy , meritocracy , anything but democracy . 
   that why we do n't vote for judges . 
  that depends on the ` we ' . 
   that 's why the separation of powers . 
  sure . 
  the citizenry is so separated from the power that they are quite powerless . 
   that 's why constitutions . 
  constitutions should be the decision domain of the citizenry , just as other legislation ( or even more so ) . 
   checks and balances to make sure what we are voting on are actually good ideas , instead of knee-jerk reactions , wish-full thinking and money-in-your-pocket populism . 
  `` money in your pocket '' is not populism , it is `` quantitative easing through financial institutions '' . 
  a lot of checks and balances there , away from the citizenry . 
   for example what does the average person think of standardization of plastic product codes ... quite a lot , actually , if given the chance . 
   ... or a trade deal with jamaica ... well , that depends on whose interests demand a special deal with jamaica that ca n't be handled via general international trade deal frameworks like wto . 
  citizens would like to know and decide on it . 
   ... or review procedures of internal financial reports . 
  in light of the recent panama scandal , most definitely . 
   the truth is the people actually do n't have a `` will '' over a great deal many things that make civilisation run . 
  one can have the house of the commons ( aka all the citizens ) and the house of the establishment . 
  the commons do not have to deal with every case , but they should always have the opportunity to do so . 
   if representatives should directly represent people 's views or uphold their own is a matter of debate . 
  there is no debate in matters of definition of democracy ( unless putin 's managed democracy appeals to you ) . 
   but , that aside , with proportional representation being the default system of voting in the eu parliament , it does a better job at good representation than some member states who stuck to fptp . 
  you do n't seem to fully get my point . 
  i was not writing about proportional voting methods in elections . 
  i was writing about representing the will of the citizenry in each and every decision separately . 
  there is a big difference . 
  the first thing to learn is that switzerland is a confederation and that russia is nominally a federation ( where the political heads of the federation subjects are appointed by the president ) . 
  oh , and the swiss are nothing special in regard to education and general intelligence . 
   not liking the results of a democratic process , does not make the process any less democratic . 
  actually , it just might . 
  a process can only be called democratic if it represents the will of the citizenry . 
  representative democracy would be a democracy only if the will of the representatives would be a statistically representative sample of the will of the citizenry . 
  if the representatives are not representing the will of the citizenry , then it is evident that they represent some other interest group . 
  the next question should be : which interest group ? 
   then you grossly overestimate the intelligence of the general populace . 
  the intelligence ( iq ) of the general populace is about 100 . 
  it would be difficult to overestimate a normalized mean . 
   tyranny of the majority . 
  no way this could ever be allowed . 
  democracy is not only the rule of the majority , it is also the safeguarding of any minority . 
  it is either tyranny of the majority or tyranny of the minority . 
  i choose tyranny of the majority . 
  let 's have a referendum on the issue .
