  yes , why not . 
  the only relative lack of experience would be with afro-africans . 
  you are all welcome here ( to speak finnic :p ) . 
  since the stone age , brides have been swapped between the peoples living within the baltics . 
  such immigrants were expected to learn local dialect and customs . 
  and they did , they still do . 
  there are very few latvians in estonia and very few estonians in latvia . 
  why ? 
  because of volunteered self-assimilation . 
  eu is not a military power . 
  nato is not an economic power . 
  ok , now i got that you really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you should n't prune out the lower structural layers of a larger organisation , because it would seriously alter the inner workings of that organisation . 
  well , we both made some bold claims it seems . 
  except that you made the first one . 
  and you ca n't possibly back up your claim , unless you can reference any specific poll results . 
  speak for yourself . 
  there are ee countries with annual tourism rates over 5x of the local citizenry . 
  and the local population all have been to abroad . 
   it is n't hard to imagine a history where that area of europe looks very different on a map . 
  there was that https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aesti#/media/file:europe_814.svg, 
  in that case we would have to assimilate the russified setos in the pskov oblast . 
  no biggie , just 650 000 of them . 
  livonians are always welcome . 
  whatever, 
  eastern europeans are no different from western europeans , at least not according to the polls . 
  the small difference is between the respective establishments . 
  and here are the contestants : ... at the right corner is the right far too often ; ... at the left corner is the most wrong left . 
  it would be flawed precisely because it would be scale-dependent . 
  being a majority design does not make it any less flawed . 
  besides , large political bodies are usually over-regulated and therefore have a need for more courts . 
  landeswehr ( esp the baltic landeswehr ) formed a basis for the nazis . 
   hell , without the germans the baltics would probably be still russian . 
  that was regular german troops , not landeswehr . 
  even though von der goltz was the same . 
  but your logic is flawed in the sense that bolsheviks only managed to keep the core of russia within their hands , all the peripheries got rid of bolsheviks even for just a short while . 
  ah , but doing it the greece way would not be an investment ;-), 
  if an economic crisis becomes severe enough , then it becomes a nato crisis . 
  as to not every eu member being in nato , eu in its current form is simply not fit to react swiftly . 
  and the form that would have such capabilities would be a second moscow . 
  even if the eu militaries would be able to cooperate quickly , eu politicians certainly are n't and wo n't . 
  the mongol empire employed the dimension of 10 . 
  eu with its 30 members simply does not compute . 
  one would need an additional regional layer , perhaps . 
  individuals have less than 70 years , people and minorities ( and esp natives ) usually have more than that . 
  individuals are different from groups . 
  he claims he is defending europe from the troops of xerxes who attack from greece . 
   you should also consider that greece does n't have a social safety net to help people in need and the welfare for the poor is dead . 
  something for other eu member states to copy from greece - pay welfare to dead pensioner citizens , but deny support for migrants . 
  a strategy that actually works for the occasion . 
  there is already nato for emergencies . 
  have n't seen many german soldiers on the ground defending the baltics ( except the jet pilots ) . 
  even if the german military might be willing , the german politicians are lukewarm and constantly subverting nato efforts . 
  at present , eu-centered military efforts would only spread the pacifist approach , fighting with broomsticks while selling real weapons to the enemies . 
  the sincerity of the soviets at that time were exposed by the fact that the soviets had at that time more troops and heavy weaponry behind the borders of the baltics and finland than against japan or on the border of czechoslovakia + poland . 
  there was to be no passage , just conquest ( sorry : liberation ) . 
  estonia fought nazis even before they became nazis . 
  back then in 1919 they were called the landeswehr . 
  victory over those pre-nazis is the official military victory day of estonia . 
  indeed . 
  it is all about semantics :-) to be precise , many of the incarcerated people in estonia are either russians or russians or `` little grey men '' . 
  by definition , a minority is a small cultural group that has lived in the country for some time . 
  foreign citizens do not form a minority . 
  tourists do not form a minority . 
  technically that leaves only those russians who are estonian citizens - and even most of them have a residence history less than 70 years ( of which only up to 24 last years has been legal residence ) . 
   public management is hierarchical , but its subunits can be of very different sizes in different categories . 
  any such change of hierarchy would also fundamentally change the society . 
  not always for the better , usually for the worse . 
   also , in a small country , sometimes specific public managers have little `` market '' , so they have more general obligations i.e. 
  are less efficient . 
  well , in that case the chosen functional design is scale-dependent , thus flawed . 
   commentators warned the febrile rhetoric risked unleashing the demons of central europe , of uncorking the bottle that holds the genie of european nationalism . 
  wow , so the native collective is called a genie nowadays - a genie in a bottle - that 's where we are . 
   kotleba described those slovak meps who voted in favour of eu migrant quotas as ` traitors ' . 
  and quite rightly so . 
  perhaps the journalist should have drawn the conclusion that eu migrant quotas are anti-national state and thus anti-constitutional ? 
  it would be very shortsighted and foolish of the establishment and of the mass media to make believe that most of the anti-immigration citizenry would have nazist leanings . 
  nazism and internazism are all alike and eastern europeans recognize one when we see one . 
  so the way it looks like there are 3 options : nazis , internazis or the majority common citizenry ( i wonder what label will be put on them - edit : a `` silenced '' majority , perhaps ? 
  we may have a different understanding of `` public management '' . 
  military chain of command is a functional design . 
  so should be `` public management '' . 
  you ca n't oversimplify a functional design without compromising it . 
  colonists , not minorities . 
  it is the same dimension . 
  fractal design of self-organisation . 
  with the example of the mongolian empire , the power structures were on the order of 10 . 
  with a larger army the power structures will be larger both absolutely and relatively , because you ca n't have less than one leader per every 10 soldiers . 
  any additional layer will only add up . 
  you can skimp only by compromising the lower layers - which would make the whole army less manageable . 
   `` pole paha '' in estonian would be `` not bad '' . 
    has been repeatedly used by the estonian skiing coach in the occasion of olympic or world championship medals . 
  it was also used in the torino olympic games where estonia got more individual skiing gold than norway . 
  not bad indeed . 
  here is a video of that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxciylinhic an additional proverb : `` norrakad m\u00e4ngust v\u00e4ljas , suusad perses . '', 
  ( norwegians are out of the game , skis in the ass . ), 
  = shit does n't improve by weighing it no pun ? 
  finnish punnita = to weigh estonian punnita = ( you ) strain ( your sphincter ) ; without a plug . 
   `` tasa s\u00f5uad , kaugele j\u00f5uad '' ( `` if you row slowly , you will go far '' )  `` teisele auku kaevad , ise sisse kukud '' ( `` if you dig a whole to another , you will end up in it '' ) estonians used to be maritime hunter-gatherers . 
  `` teda ei v\u00f5ta ei ussi - ega p\u00fcssirohi '' ( one ca n't take down such person / creature nor by snake venom nor by a bullet ) `` teda ei v\u00f5ta vanakurat ka '' ( one is so crazy that even the old devil would not take one ) `` jagajale j\u00e4\u00e4vad n\u00e4pud . '',
