   last but not least russia has invested a lot into making kaliningrad a major trade hub and while i do n't know how well it 's working for them right now they used to be doing quite well with that effort . 
  does not make much sense , any such cargo would have to pass through the baltics or to be reshipped . 
  and curiously , no gas pipe . 
  well , they do n't really need that port for anything , except power projection within the baltic sea . 
  russia can be blocked at the danish straits . 
  and at bosporus . 
  the only really useful ice-free port is murmansk . 
  and vladivostok . 
  and soon arhangelsk ( which still gets some sea-ice occasionally , but not for long ) . 
   for those unaware : it is a really narrow corridor . 
  30 km is not narrow . 
  ( edit . 
  make that 20km , still not narrow ), 
  latvians actually have more javelin medals ( i think ) . 
  but we all know they are all livonians and estonians under the skin ;-), 
   haha . 
  like you can remember 1st grade . 
  i can , actually . 
  some events . 
  the type of admission test questions were one of those memorable events . 
   keep projecting those prejudices on to me ... when you 're too proud to admit you 're way out of your depth , i guess throwing mud is the next best thing . 
  if you say so . 
  technically , prussia is not part of russia . 
  it was given under russia 's control for 50 years after wwii . 
  those 50 years have passed by . 
   kaliningrad is the only russian harbor in the region that never freezes and is extremely important for their military capabilities . 
  rubbish . 
  russia has other ice-free ports : novorossiysk , murmansk ( thanks to agw ) . 
  russia has a habit of upgrading a naval base treaty to an occupation . 
  happened with paldiski . 
   i 'm sure each side would love a channel separating the two , or an ocean . 
  that shall happen . 
  at least partly . 
  many westerners have misunderstood russia on the gay issue . 
  russians love gays , especially russian conscripts love gays . 
  a lot of gay has always happened in the russian army . 
  so i doubt that sweden would gain an upper hand with the gay weapon . 
   this is why i support tweaking/creating a new security structure for europe that involves the russians . 
  you mean the way russians are involved in georgia ? 
  no , thanks . 
  the way i have understood , the main problem for the baltics has been that of defining proper defense battle scenarios and from there necessary resource needs and how to build them up . 
  much of the spending would go to waste without proper planning and directed spending . 
  and nato is still in the process of thinking out proper plans , already since 2009 ( can you imagine ! ) . 
  it also does not help that our defense structures ( and even parties ) tend to have 5th column cells that come up with brilliant plans on how to get rid of conscription or to get rid of a separate border guard or any similar dismantling initiative ( they usually call it streamlining or restructuring ) . 
  and western european talking heads have been an `` inspiration '' in all of that . 
  on top of that our president and prime minister continually reassure the citizens that estonia has never been better protected , while rand and other simulations show that this `` best before '' only lasts for 24-48 hours . 
  estonia alone could beat up 10 % of soviet russia 's troops in the twelve months of 1919 . 
  ancient estonia stood 20 years against the combined troops of germans , sweden , denmark , novgorod ( and the occasional lithuanians ) . 
  and now it is 24-48 hours , but hey , that is the best it has ever been . 
   the best way to do it would be by dissolving nato and starting a new european alliance . 
  those steps should be the opposite way - first build up the capabilities within nato , only then become independent of usa . 
  but the business as usual would demand that eu and sweden would have to agree to give gotland to russia , for russia to be able to guard its nordstream pipes from the sinking boat refugees . 
  how would it be different ? 
  it would likely still be minsk accords , perhaps this time with merkel bullets , not with sarkozy bullets . 
  russia would declare a ban for polish meat , but the nordstream 2 would go on as planned . 
  after visiting the white house , finnish president niinist\u00f6 came to estonia to report on the latest developments . 
  estonian president ( s ) have been to the white house before the finnish president ( s ) , so the current us-nordic event at the white house was just for the newer members of the club . 
  edit . 
  it is a misconception that one can even end a - pp or - kk or - tt with a closed mouth . 
  as a rule , one would have to audibly open one 's mouth at the end of such a consonant . 
  otherwise , a sepp would sound like se , a k\u00fctt would sound like k\u00fc , a sitt would sound like si , etc. 
  edit . 
  but that audible mouth opening at the end is not a vowel . 
  if it helps , one can imagine any vowel at the end . 
  the next time estonian president goes to visit the white house , ( s ) he will write on the white house globe a ` skype ' at the spot of estonia . 
  estonian presidents have had to teach lessons to the us presidents in the past , so they are used to it . 
  africans still have far fewer javelin medals than do finns + estonians + latvians combined . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  saaremaa and hiiumaa are covered with sea ice , thus they need ice tires . 
   how would you pronounce that ? 
  considering the sound of `` p '' is essentially made by closing your mouth , how would that sound even work with no other letter/sound after them ? 
  you audibly open your mouth after the - pp -, 
  sepp ( \u00e4 ) there is something after the - pp - edit . 
  maybe sepp ( \u00f5h ), 
  genetic adaptation is still a strong candidate , but not the only factor . 
  africans are adapted to hot climate and lots of diseases . 
  whites are adapted to cooler temperate and arctic climates . 
  there is jonathan edwards . 
  and europeans have jumped pretty high . 
  long jump record is just a foot away ( if we assume that carl lewis would have landed correctly at tokyo at 9.15 ) . 
  fast twitch muscle fibers are also necessary for shot put , javelin and discus throws - and whites are quite competitive there . 
  edit . 
  the most prominent difference of africans and europeans is that europeans have worn stiff shoes far longer than have africans . 
  but would the lynas 's six + degrees in wet bulb temperature allow that trend to continue ? 
   but that 's besides the point . 
  there is no reason to assume that africans ' average iq would be genetically capped at 80 , since there are a ton of variables like malnutrition , lack of education , and diseases currently limiting it . 
  the 80 iq score is a relative measure . 
  there is every reason to assume that you ca n't eradicate the many tropical and subtropical disease vectors from the homeland of africans . 
  and any substantial progress in education or malnutrition would have to become evident as a temporal trend against the native europeans or south-east asians . 
  edit . 
  i also forgot the wet bulb temperature and how it affects functional thinking abilities . 
  perhaps there is a reason eskimos tend to score high . 
   as for running fast or jumping high , it 's statistically proven that africans outperform white people due to genetics . 
  not quite . 
  estonians have the most decathlon athletes over 8100 points per capita . 
  our regional neighbours ( rich in whg ) share the next spots . 
  us mulattos are 20x behind estonians , per capita , at the level of germans and other central europeans . 
  africans are more like 100x behind estonians . 
  the question should be whether the gap has diminished or not . 
  if the gap has not diminished , then there are significant ( likely unsurmountable ) differences .
