  on how much ? 
   it is never so clear-cut . 
  it is just as clear-cut as i stated : nonstop immigration ca n't afford lack of assimilation forever . 
  trust me , if the hansen 's predictions of sea level rise reach the sillam\u00e4e toxic pool and the nuclear reactors on the shores of the baltic sea , you can discount the baltic sea for all its fish and other goodies . 
  but ecological footprint is not just about pollution , it is also about overconsumption ( and thus destruction of renewable and nonrenewable resources ) . 
  it is a natural state of affairs . 
  it only makes sense to keep it . 
  the west is arguably more self-sufficient on water . 
  have you checked the yet unspoiled groundwater reserves ? 
  all that tar sands extraction , etc. 
  structural unemployment means both unemployed and job vacancies . 
  mass immigration would skew the labour market supply and demand . 
  the sustainable rate of assimilation is about 0,1 % per year , assuming that natives have at least 90 % majority at all times , all places and all population segments . 
  laulupeod on neo\u0161amanism . 
  you can use any clustering software to find out what makes estonians different from others . 
   many today would rather see democracy take a back seat and have countries piss all over their constitutions and the international laws they signed rather than have some immigrants move into their country . 
  estonian constitution states that everyone living in estonia should strive to keep estonian ethnic culture and ethnic language . 
  as it should also be at 3016 and 21016 ad . 
   on the other hand , nearly every estonian that i 've met had some german , finnish and/or russian grandparents , ( or grandgrandparents ) so i doubt if there is a genetic purity in estonia . 
  it is also why estonian people are generally cute - because of the genetic diversity . 
  actually ethnic estonians are the most ethnically pure europeans , implying that estonians are the most ( genetically ) pure people among european peoples . 
  what you perceive among slavs and germans and others is the common old stone age whg that peaks among estonians . 
  edit . 
  you do n't become most ( genetically ) pure by above average mixing . 
   diversity is not a goal of its own , but not being racist is . 
  having a genetically pure population as a goal is a form of racism . 
  all races are a mix of older races , yet the races persist over a long long time . 
  the main components of the european race has remained the same for the last 40 000 years . 
  and it will probably continue to be that way because of natural adaptation to local environment . 
  edit . 
  denying racism is denying the evolution of species . 
  races are older than species . 
   and i 'm not talking of any mandatory genetic `` diversification '' , i 'm just debating on not panicking if estonia gets to grow largely on immigrant arrivals . 
  as long as they integrate , what difference would it make ? 
  if they have n't integrated also based on skin color , then they have n't integrated enough , yet . 
  actually most ethnic estonians have had at least 75 % of nordic war era ancestors as ethnic estonians . 
  make that at least 50 % of viking era ancestors as ethnic estonians . 
   integration can occur and has occurred in 1 generation . 
  assimilation can take several generations . 
  there is a pipeline with finite throughput ( which is dependent on the ratio of nonnatives against natives ) . 
  even if it might appear that integration is faster than assimilation , it really is n't in the sense of throughput . 
   if these efforts exist then they definitly will , no matter the propaganda or internet access . 
  soviets managed to halve the number of ethnic veps in just 20 years , without a war effort . 
  nonstop immigration ca n't afford lack of assimilation forever . 
  there . 
  estonians know what russians hide in their orthodox churches and whom they bow to and give gifts to , because a lot of russians used to be finno-ugrians . 
  we know your number . 
   they are not foreigners , they are sleeper agents waiting for a command from the mainland . 
  estonians are the neo of indo-uralics . 
  we can flip the swedes back to uralics . 
  we already did it at least once , about 4-5000 years ago . 
   the cultural differences are n't that big either compared to mena immigrants . 
  eu citizens could mean anyone in these days . 
  and i mean literally anyone . 
  possibly extraterrestrials or subterranians . 
   there will be plenty of consumers over there . 
  they will be consuming pure water , mostly . 
  old people can look after other old people . 
  or we could also introduce robot care . 
  let me know where to find migrants with above oecd average pisa and timss scores who would also be competitively proficient at the native language ( which is not indo-european ) to compete with the native jobless . 
  i believe that the optimal size of a nation state ( and thus an ethnic nation ) is between 1 and 10 million citizens . 
  how ? 
  because the geometric mean is at 3 million and incidentally , 3 million citizens has been the point where several ancient civilisations have made their case . 
  above 10 million is too much . 
  less than 1 million is a bit too few . 
   it 's tyranny of the majority and everyone else better obey our rules , otherwise < insert extreme solution here  . 
  tyranny of the majority is almost always better than the tyranny of the minority . 
  by majority here i mean the natives . 
   that 's usually what it boils down to . 
  nationalism in the form that is currently rising in europe is a misguided sense of belonging to some fictional `` tribe '' of people or another that you think you share so much in common with , while conveniently ignoring that you might have more in common with those immigrants you do n't want than with the other side of the country . 
  i and many others can also honestly say we probably have more in common with some guy from japan than with many in the far right for example , yet the discourse that we have to preserve some `` cultural identity '' is a very strong adhesive for those that believe in it , even though it always leads to discrimination and hate . 
  and here you fall into the fallacy of the individual versus the population . 
  you ca n't choose individuals into your fictional society - you would have to accept the whole distributions with both tails and the horn ( s ) . 
  there are no individual japanese - if ( s ) he is an individual , then ( s ) he is not a japanese . 
  and vice versa . 
  what you call as individuals are actually internationalists , the equivalent of the soviet people ( and soviet culture ) . 
   the most perverted part of this whole discourse is that european cultural identity was never really at stake and still is n't , it 's just one huge scarecrow to get people to rally behind someone or some party , but somehow a couple of million of refugees has people talking about the extinction of european culture in 200 years . 
  you are probably not aware that in some former yugoslavian lands , the population affiliation has flipped within 200 years . 
  from 10 % muslim to 90 % muslim . 
   ethnic cleansing was a direct result of the ussr and its communist regime . 
  it was a result of empire-building . 
  there is still a lot of it going around , including the empire of eu . 
   there comes a time in history where the common folk of a country realises that . 
  if you 've not reached that point yet , you will . 
  we did it a century ago . 
  estonians do not view spain as a single entity , never have . 
  we are well aware of the subcomponents that aspire independence . 
   anyway its your legal right to try to enforce a monoculture in your country and other native 's legal and moral right to try and make some space for themselves in order to be included . 
  estonian state has not and will not ban orthodox holidays the way soviets banned christmas . 
  but estonia might ban muslim holidays , just to be safe . 
   what about those who neither like nor identify with a traditional and conservative culture ? 
  what about them ? 
  who cares ? 
  adults can have their own life even during official holidays ( apart from hoisting the flag ) . 
  children in kindergarten and at schools have to play along , though . 
   why would you care more about all estonians ? 
  because you do n't seem to understand that nation states bring about certain long-term service qualities that multikulti states simply ca n't . 
   you people really need to stop seeing migrants as different kind of people . 
  because they are statistically different people . 
  migrants are not statistically similar to any random representative sample of the native population .
