   no , the precautionary principle does n't require us to avoid all possible causes , but rather to regulate likely causes . 
  that is exactly the point made in the report i linked above , the precautionary principle requires a rational response to uncertainty , not stopping in ones track whenever a possibility is raised . 
  if we banned everything that might possibly cause harm , we 'd be utterly fucked in terms of innovation in quite literally every area . 
  precautionary principle means that you need to statistically eliminate the possibility of the positive hypothesis ( that there is significant negative impact ) . 
  the chosen significance level has to statistically eliminate that negative impact not just in this case , but in other cases as well ( that of all possible impacts of human industries on all parts of the environment ) . 
  thus you wo n't get away with just two sigmas or even with three sigmas . 
  thinking how to irritate finns some more ... damn , i am slow ... haa !, 
  from soometu - finlandless / finnishless ( edit . 
   right , and if you can show that glyphosates are the cause of that , you 'd be doing better than the rest of the scientific community and could overturn some existing data !, 
  there is no single cause . 
  precautionary principle requires us to avoid possible causes , unless we want bee losses to continue . 
  so unless the bee populations are on the rise again , ... 
  we are losing the bees . 
  ok only took you like 2 comments to call me a kremlin troll . 
  i have to tell you i was just waiting for it , it 's like there is some book somewhere that tells you to resort to this ad hominem when you have no actual argument . 
  you asked for it . 
  i complied . 
  my arguments are solid . 
   also your estonia invading iraq defense is purely semantics on par with exactly what russia would say about ukraine . 
  nope . 
  not even close . 
  you see , estonians have left iraq . 
  estonians have left afghanistan . 
   afghans do n't want you there . 
  afghans wanted estonians there . 
   peacekeeping , declaring the government illegitimate , etc is the same shit russians say about ukraine . 
  again , estonians have peacefully left both iraq and afghanistan . 
  russia has not left georgia , since 1921 . 
  do n't bother replying , i 'm almost certain there 's nothing of value you have to say on the matter . 
  that 0,1 % should apply for the pooled refugees and other immigrants . 
  so at most half of it would fall for refugees . 
  the ice sheet was baltoscandian ice sheet , not fennoscandian . 
  paradoxes always abound . 
  there exists no voting method that would not violate any principle . 
  estonians are the ones who have n't become russians yet , because we are so slow ;-), 
  you are making the mistake to look for the meaning among indo-european languages . 
  in finnic languages , the equivalent word is kannas ( for example : karjala kannas ) and means ' a heel area ' ( edit . 
  more prevalent meaning of kannas is ` isthmus ' ) . 
  edit2 . 
  kand means ' a heel ' , verb ` kandma ' means ` to carry ( a weight ) ' . 
  baltoscandia is a thing . 
  maybe denmark can into baltoscandia . 
  estonians will revoke the license for finns to use kalev and v\u00e4ina ( and p\u00f5hja ) and all the derivatives . 
  edit . 
  and the license for ` saun ' . 
  impossible . 
  swedes are the most advanced uralic people . 
  remember pitted ware : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitted_ware_culture#language, 
   a decathlon is kind of like a one-man team actually it is one big team of all the athletes from all the countries . 
  but there are annual team events as well . 
   you invaded afghanistan . 
  estonia as an independent state has never invaded afganistan . 
  estonia was invited in for peacekeeping . 
  taliban was not a recognized government of afganistan and taliban was removed from power by the usa , not by nato . 
  sorry but you seem to not even know the very basics . 
   you say you do n't like russia because they invade others but you lick american boots who do the same . 
  you are likely a kremlin troll ( or at least a derzhavist slav ) , at least your attitudes and expressions suggest that . 
  estonia and usa are allies . 
  there would not have been kennan doctrine without estonia and latvia . 
   you ca n't have a security network if you want to continually tell the other party to fuck themselves because of what they did in their history . 
  of course i can have a security network without russia . 
  we already have that - it is called nato . 
  sorry but you seem to not even know the very basics . 
   the ukraine seemed to be pretty peaceful to me before a coup supported by the west overthrew a russian aligned democratically elected government . 
  more trolling from you . 
  you really believe to convince any non-russian who has lived within the ussr ? 
  lol . 
   i 'd call that either a major blunder or a tactical move to force the russians to respond and blame solely them after . 
  you would , would n't you . 
  i would n't . 
   i 'm not saying the russians are innocent . 
  i am saying the idea that it 's all their first fault and the west are not playing the same games but taking the moral high ground is false to me . 
  it 's all russia 's fault . 
  russia has never left moldova , since 1944 . 
  russia has never left georgia , since 1921 . 
  how about team singing ;-), 
   i 've got to ask when you say 5th column , who is it exactly . 
  is is the russian parties or estonian ones ? 
  the individuals within the parties and within the defense ministry . 
  the reform party ( j\u00fcrgen ligi in particular ) wanted to get rid of conscription . 
  difficult to tell what is incompetence and what is malice . 
  reaction time of sprinters is 0,120 seconds . 
  gamers whine about 2ms lags . 
   you seem quite happy to lick the americans boots and we do our fair share of invading foreign countries and meddling in foreign countries . 
  you 're nothing but a hypocrite . 
  estonia has not invaded anyone . 
  all the estonian missions have been peace-keeping in nature . 
   do you want to be safe or do you want to continually tell the russians to fuck themselves for what their grandparents did to yours when you were n't even born and then run and hide behind american soldiers ? 
  how is that at all relevant to any new `` security framework '' involving russia ? 
  there was a security framework to assure ukraine . 
  it involved russia . 
  there are also examples of georgia , moldova , karabakh . 
  should i continue ? 
  do you think that russia 's involvement on the osce has been positive ? 
  i did n't know the turbulence could be so extensive to be over 20km . 
  at 500 knots it would be 80 seconds orthogonal to the supposed flying direction . 
  estonian decathlon team is consistently among top10 and quite often at # 1 . 
  but that is exactly the right analogy . 
  any substance can kill in wrong circumstances . 
  if you piss pesticides , chances are that you wo n't have that many generations of offsprings .
