  apparently . 
   it has . 
  through elections . 
  it has n't . 
  elections are not a direct way of making decisions . 
   do you honestly think that the random citizen is able to analyze important things ? 
  yes , i do . 
  the elected are not above average intelligent . 
  if anything , they show below average intelligence . 
   or do you think that he wants to be bother everyday ? 
  as i have repeatedly said before , an option for the citizenry to decide directly does not mean that they would have to do it in all cases . 
  but if they want to , they should be able to . 
  the house of establishment ( politicians ) and the house of commons ( all citizens ) . 
   the majority is not always right ( to be honest , they are wrong many times ) . 
  the majority are more often right than the minority . 
   for complex matters , we should follow experts in the issue . 
  nope . 
  we should consult the experts and try to listen to their advice . 
  but we should make up our own mind . 
   why not also close courts and do all by referendums ? 
  / s that is an option , for sure . 
  if the legislation rules are fully interpretable , then it can be done by an expert system . 
  if it requires subjective interpretation , then that might as well be done by the citizenry . 
   people should chose what type of government they want ( more social , less social , more pro-science , more pro-army , etc ) . 
  how we do it and important issues should n't be handle simple by asking the majority what they think . 
  i disagree . 
   one is vaguely centre-left . 
  the other is far-right . 
  both tails are equidistant from the centre . 
  the left is just as extreme as the right . 
  but the most extreme is the centre itself - the establishment . 
  in real life , the political sphere is multidimensional and ca n't possibly be reduced to just one scale of left-right . 
  and that is why the whole construct of left-right is yet more obfuscation by the establishment who is the most extreme of them all . 
   even left-wing politics is n't extreme . 
  even right-wing politics is n't extreme . 
  it 's when you go further than those boundaries , you 're extreme . 
  that 's hofer , and a militant socialist would also be extreme in my book . 
  a `` green '' allowing mass migrations is not really a green . 
  true greens are conservative nativists / animists , who oppose mass migrations . 
   relative centrism makes you not extreme . 
  that depends on the context . 
  it might as well . 
   i also do n't like the rhetoric that people are n't really right-wing and it 's all the establishment 's - and more specifically the left 's - fault . 
  it seems to me just a way to remove responsibility from the voters , dehumanizing a large part of the electorate and delegitimizing all right-wing parties who are thus classified as no serious political forces , just extreme last choices . 
  the `` far right parties '' are not the last choices , they are the compromise between the establishment and the citizenry . 
  the preferences of the establishment are : 1 . the establishment . 
  2 . far-right parties . 
  3 . direct democracy . 
  the preferences of the citizenry are : 1 . direct democracy . 
  `` far right parties '' . 
  the establishment . 
  both sides eliminate their option 3 . 
  that leaves option 2 ( `` far right parties '' ) as the compromise . 
  and that compromise is fully dependent on what the current establishment allows for the citizenry . 
  edit . 
   `` taking this logic to the extreme we could very well say that germans supporting gas chambers back in the '40s were only really concerned citizens that had been ignored by an establishment that had failed to address the socioeconomic problems of the country . '', 
  one could not say that without a referendum carried out within the society of a direct democracy . 
   people are n't being ignored . 
  can we have a referendum on that ? 
   a triumphant pleasant victory , given the first round , for anti-extremism , and a sigh of relief for the centre . 
  but that was worryingly close . 
  one ca n't possibly label 49,8 % as extremists . 
  well , one could , but one would reveal itself totally incompetent at statistics . 
   there are different types of democracies . 
  sure . 
  russia has one . 
  if the citizenry does not have a direct way to make decisions ( if needed ) , then it is not a democracy . 
   shall we make referendums on which amount of money should the government spend in each area ? 
  shall we make referendums about every law ? 
  like 10 referendums per day ? 
  yes , why not . 
  it would cut the number of new legislation , which would only be for the better . 
  you again show a complete lack of understanding of central moments and statistical extremes . 
  carry on . 
  i firmly believe it should be the right of the citizenry to be able to have a referendum on anything - that is democracy . 
  lack of such a right would be the lack of democracy . 
  you again show a complete lack of understanding of central moments and statistical extremes . 
  carry on . 
  it is a step to the right direction and most of the citizens know it . 
  i trust the majority . 
  and i would demand a revote after every execution . 
   that would kind of suck for you now , wouldnt it ? 
  how so ? 
  you again show a complete lack of understanding of central moments and statistical extremes . 
  carry on . 
   so if that meant bringing back slavery or conscription or making homosexuality illegal again , you would be okay with that ? 
  conscription in a national state is a perfectly normal state of affairs . 
  as in finland and switzerland . 
  conscription in an empire ( russia or eu ) would be a different thing . 
  slavery is also present . 
  it is usually called a real estate loan . 
  why ? 
  it is an abnormality , but until we can make heads or tails about it ( and about that of amphibians and other species ) , it merely exists as an oddity . 
  but if the majority of the citizens demand a ban , then it becomes a social contract . 
  however , the majority always has to consider that the minority might escalate the conflict into a civil war or nationwide labour strikes . 
  they know what a referendum is . 
  they have heard of it . 
  stanford needs a boost . 
  fiona chamberlain might get the humiliation and the war . 
  not sure about the original source , but here it is written that in 1796 , 66 % of estonian men at conscription age ( eligible to the russian army ) were literate .
