  estonia does not have coal . 
  estonia is europe 's largest miner of oil shale and possibly largest producer of peat briquette / brikett . 
  the medieval brotherhood of blackheads united local native ( white men with mostly blue eyes and fair hair ) traders . 
  one does not need eu for travel . 
  and open borders are an inherently false solution . 
  before euro , estonian kroon was a currency-board system strictly tied to the german mark at 1:8 , the currency reserves covered 110 % of m1 money and maybe some mx as well . 
  so you see , eu is not necessary . 
  semantics . 
  ussr did not have experience in beating german troops and specifically nazis . 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania did have that experience , they beat the baltic landeswehr in 1919 . 
  the estonian military victory day was and still is celebrating the victory over landeswehr . 
  3 baltic countries together would have had 0,45 million troops + 0,3-0 ,4 million paramilitary . 
  the aid from the ussr to the baltics should have been in the form of tanks and airplanes and ammo and fuel , etc. , not the soviet divisions and army corps . 
  instead , over the whole 1930s , soviet troops and border guards harassed the baltic countries and killed and kidnapped their border guards . 
  yes , kohver was not the first one , he was not even within the first 10 , not even among the - teens . 
  and britain and other western countries saw through that stalin 's proposal and euphemisms and semantics . 
  but you seem not to . 
  the ussr lost about 2 million troops on the baltics and finland and tied up another 2 million troops during wwii . 
  and ussr also lost the baltics as potential military allies ( the only ones with first-hand experience on beating krauts ) . 
  there is no way you can argue that stalin had peaceful / defence oriented intentions . 
  now we have nato and wto ( and tripo and ip5 ? ), 
  for that . 
  no need for eu really . 
  wwi was inevitable at least since the russo-japanese war . 
  germany encouraged russia to prolong that war and to wipe out most of the baltic fleet and to further indebt russia . 
  it was part of the big game . 
  germany was planning on gaining from wwi . 
  many empires were . 
  without the escalation by russia , wwi would have started anyway , perhaps in terms more favorable to germany . 
  all emperors at that time liked to play the game of conquest with the lives of their underlings . 
  stalin 's proposal to britain was about giving the baltics ( including finland ) under stalin 's sphere of influence . 
  the followup proposal ( after the baltics were already occupied by the ussr ) concerned giving finland and scandinavia under stalin 's influence . 
  just as in 1931 and in 1939 and in 1941 , the ussr had about as many tanks and military airplanes than all others had combined . 
  for example in september 1939 ( actually already in march 1939 ) , ussr had about as much troops and weapons behind the borders of the baltics and finland than there were ussr troops on the border of poland . 
  it was as if stalin was preparing to capitalise at an opportunistic moment . 
  how exactly do you deduce that ? 
  in the 1990s , bombings and shootings and bomb threats were almost a daily occurrence . 
  based on that stats i 'd say that there would be about 1 event for every 4000 ` refugees ' each year . 
  the rest depends on how many will arrive here . 
  any such verbal agreements were temporally short ( `` in the near future '' ) and dependent on russia immediately pulling back from moldova and other former ssrs . 
  the last never happened , thus nato has no obligations whatsoever . 
  edit : moldova being part of the mrp agreement between stalin and hitler . 
  i agree !, 
  the positive side was that putin copied estonia 's proportional income tax system . 
  to list the negative side would take too long . 
  a children 's movie of one of estonian 's epic stories `` suur t\u00f6ll '' . 
  so did the us confederates and the german overlords in medieval and post-medieval eastern europe . 
  basically it is the house of the lords without the house of the commons . 
  whatever corporate interests should be possible to be argued for also from the position of common citizens . 
  if it ca n't be done , then those interests should be disregarded . 
  if it can be done , then it should not be presented as corporate interests because in fact it would be common interests . 
  or alternatively , corporations should only be allowed to use public channels for expressing opinion and all direct contacts between corporations and the representatives of citizens should be banned and punished by forced nationalisation and eviction of that representative . 
  um , parties are ( like ) corporations ? 
  corporations are not citizens . 
  are you saying that germany holds sanctions against russia only to please eastern europe and not on principal grounds ? 
  that it is ok to continue to occupy moldova , that it is ok to divide and conquer georgia and ukraine ? 
  fyi , a lot of small ee countries wanted germany to take a tougher stance on greece in the financial crisis . 
  actually the odds of terrorism might go up hand-in-hand with the odds of flooding . 
  both phenomena act like an avalanche that can bury / drown you . 
   * it really is baffling how many people will argue that `` they 're stealing our jobs '' in one breath , and then go off on a rant about how `` they 're only here for the benefits , and do n't want to work '' . 
  both can easily happen at the same time . 
  there is no logical contradiction . 
  migration between estonia and russia is ` positive ' since estonia joined the eu in 2004 . 
  by ` positive ' i mean more are moving from russia to estonia than from estonia to russia . 
  so you are saying that you would have been more concerned about the fear of communist terrorism than the communist terrorism itself ? 
  ever heard of the black book of communism ? 
   how many of the syrians got the asylum . 
  that is mostly irrelevant . 
  what is relevant to the question of immigration is how many stayed in estonia . 
   and how many of the 50 are part of the 2015 quota - so called forcefully imposed by the government ? 
  none . 
  they are extra . 
  in this issue , extra is very bad . 
   as far as i know last week they found 2 potential families . 
  end of the world mate . 
  the soviet immigration took years to gear up . 
  geometric progression . 
  lolls are on you i am afraid . 
   your geometric bs omits all the context on the ground ... quite the contrary . 
   and do n't worry . 
  your pals are getting in power all over the eu and they 'll shoot the immigrants so you can sleep well . 
  i did n't take a written stand on what i considered ` the best ' . 
  why ? 
  because i anticipated a judgement coming from you . 
  i was right . 
  well , if even an ounce of opinion is based on religion , then having relatively less of it means that more can be based on non-religion , including rationality :-) also , estonia is usually especially strong at pisa science block . 
  but actually i feel that i have to take back my original statement . 
  if one looks at the tables and graphs , estonia and sweden have very similar percentages on immigration and taxes . 
  the difference comes from other issues . 
  no need to blame the natives . 
  this vision comes directly from the representatives of the caliphate . 
   you 're trying hard to separate economy from statehood , which is guaranteed by the us . 
  economy can just as well be guaranteed by china . 
  even better , because under china you would not have to worry about patent infringement and such . 
  the economy of hongkong is more or less fine . 
  so in essence you are cheering for imperialism , not that that would surprise me . 
   the society in all these countries is homogeneous and nationalistic . 
  that is bs . 
  the society in any part of the middle east or africa is much more nationalistic . 
  tribally nationalistic .
