  the traditional methodical approach would require immediate fortress europe , anything else could come only after that . 
  you should read more proposals from the vishegrad fantastic four . 
  they ( germany and brussels ) forgot to read the small print of those who signed that agreement . 
  instead of `` on sisu '' , estonians say `` on selg + roogu '' ( got spine / back + reed ) . 
  of course , `` sisu '' is more about stamina , while `` selgroog '' is more about not bending to other 's will . 
   and this is why most of western europe looks down on you when you go down this ethnocentric , openly racist rabbit hole when challenged on your openly racist views . 
  have n't seen any polls that would support your claim . 
  my personal experiences have been quite positive . 
   you literally can not see past the ethnic lines , and if someone disagrees with your racist agenda , they 're labeled `` not truly x '' , in my case apparently `` not ethnically finnish '' . 
  no , the problem was that within the current estonian borders , in 1947 , estonians constituted 97-98 % of estonia 's population . 
  while in 1990 , estonians constituted 60 % . 
  the change was due to soviet occupation , annexation , colonisation and genocide - all of which your position seemed to deny , just like a certain b\u00e4ckman has been denying . 
  even more preposterously you had the nerve to accuse estonia of colonising ida-virumaa - not many ethnic finns would do that . 
  and those who do , tend not to be 100 % ethnic finns any more . 
  putin himself is a bit finnic as well and one can see how he turned out . 
   even if i were n't , how does that in any way invalidate my point ? 
  your point was invalid by default . 
  or if you want to nitpick , pick the atlantic charter or the nonrecognition policies of the west . 
   and why are you so insistent that having different ethnicity from whatever you view as `` good ethnicity '' , in spite of living on the same land for centuries makes you less `` identically correct '' , even when national identity is identical . 
   let me throw another curveball at you . 
  did you know that finns from eastern finland are ethnically closer to russians in karelia than finns on the western finland ? 
  that is because those russians there are ethnically and genetically mostly former finno-ugrians . 
   so here 's the question : are they less finnish ? 
  yes . 
   should we treat them like you treat your minorities ? 
  which ones ? 
  like setos or like latvians or like ingeri finns ? 
   heck , their variation of finnish is almost impossible to comprehend to someone that comes from west of the country like myself . 
  does that make them any less finnish ? 
  whether setos would be part of estonians would have to be decided by both parties . 
  personally i have nothing against setos who are able to speak official estonian language . 
  i might resent ( or be indefferent to ) setos who would only speak russian and show no interest in estonian culture . 
   their opinions on how our country should be run any less valid ? 
  why ? 
  because a nation state operates with a national language and for all the state discussions one would have to be able to take part in those discussions . 
  edit . 
  wind , geothermal , solar and passivhauses are the way to go . 
  and oil shale energy is not price competitive even with current low level of taxation . 
  not true . 
  one can speak finnish to russian saleswomen in tallinn . 
  estonian language has sisu + kujundus ( means : design of content ) . 
  sisustama ( to furnish ) sisutu jutt ( talk lacking of content ) sisuline t\u00e4hendus ( essential meaning ), 
  jihad stats show that even 1 % muslim share is incompatible . 
  1/1000 might be compatible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_rutskoy rutskoy was vice president of russia from 10 july 1991 to 4 october 1993 . 
  as vice president , he openly called for the independence of transnistria and crimea from moldova and ukraine , respectively [ 6 ] and telephoned georgia 's leader eduard shevardnadze , threatening to bomb tbilisi during the war in south ossetia . 
  such exemplary democrat . 
  did n't the bassayev dream team actively cooperate with the russian spetsnaz in abkhazia ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_barkashov historian walter laqueur writes that barkashov stated in an interview that he is a nazi . 
   yet in 1993 , putin was a high ranked apparatchik in the saint-petersburg administration , i.e. , nowhere near the former kgb . 
  once kgb , always kgb . 
  putin did make an official comeback to kgb/fsb . 
  his picture is on the wall of the headquarters together with stalin and other luminaries . 
   if you stuck to your guns ... 
  which guns ? 
  estonia has some guns , but not that many . 
  zero tanks . 
  estonia does have some hundred anti-tank guns . 
  would you suggest getting rid of those guns ? 
  why not make the same suggestion to finland ? 
   and claimed actual colonialism on part of current owner , you 'd have to claim that estonia is the colonialist , as population is overwhelmingly not estonian . 
  you do n't seem to be an ethnic finn . 
  or perhaps you have relations to b\u00e4ckmen . 
   the reason why estonia will not give it up , and should not give it up is energy . 
  power plants running on local oil shale in the region not only supply estonia , but also provide important source of export via the cable to finland , generating significant profit . 
  the profits are being privatized , the costs are transfered over to the citizenry and to the world . 
  co2 indirect costs and water waste costs amount to more billions of eur than one might think . 
  and those costs are accumulating . 
  there are cuba and china and many others . 
  also , canada is a very young multicultural state and in constant threat of disintegration . 
   it is not a situation anyone asked for - not even germany - but as it unfolded i think it 's better to try and work on a solution instead of just saying ` no , they 're muslims , we 're not compatible ' . 
  that is not a solution , it is just more of the same shit . 
  western europe has had 12 months and even years and decades to get their shit together , but all their establishment has come up with has been more of the same . 
  `` we wanted better , but it turned out the same as usual ( a russian proverb ) . '', 
  there is no solution without fortress europe , anything else has to come after that . 
  without fortress europe there will be war in eu , sooner or later , rather sooner . 
  oh , and ps . 
  muslims are incompatible . 
   if that 's the mentality that 's pervasive in some countries , i do n't see why the western european countries should n't be more selfish . 
  western europe being more selfish would mean western europe taking even more share of the immigrants than at present . 
  are you willing to be that selfish ? 
   i think the second problem is the xenophobia in the east . 
  it seems most ee countries do n't mind taking in refugees from ukraine or neighboring countries , as long as they 're not brown and/or muslim . 
  there are still about 1 million soviet colonists and their offspring living in the baltics against international conventions on war , colonization and genocide and western europe has done squat to solve the situation . 
  apparently , the soviet colonists and their offspring scoring at oecd average in pisa and timss were seen not as good as the chaps from africa and the middle east . 
  or perhaps the western europe was being xenophobic ? 
  it seems that we countries do n't mind taking in migrants from africa and asia , as long as they 're not russians . 
   but , the reason to let the eastern states access the eu was mostly political . 
  it was economical . 
  western europe got extra market , closed ee factories , bought local banks for cheap and then reaped profit from loans . 
  and the extra loans helped to prolong the ponzi scheme called economy . 
  yes , precisely . 
  why do you think yeltsin got into that conflict anyway ? 
  because the nkvd/kgb/fsb and the aparatchiks managed to slowly take over government structures again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ida-viru_county ida-virumaa is slowly being russified by soviet colonial inertia , the share of estonians is at 19,5 % and in decline ( it is at about 50 % in the countryside ) . 
  the population of the whole county is also in decline . 
  at present , estonians are not able and not willing to repopulate and assimilate ida-virumaa . 
  one would have to wait for 70 years or longer until the local population has halved twice . 
  after that repopulation and assimilation might become feasible , but it would still take 6-12 centuries to do that and at the far end of that horizon ida-virumaa would submerge due to rising sea levels . 
  so ida-virumaa is a lost case one way or the other .
