  but somehow the membership of nato was sold as a combo together with the eu membership . 
  i suspect that this requirement was at the request of germany , who subsequently has spent the following dozen years to subvert the nato defense planning near russia . 
   you expect that kind of irrational behavior from common people ( not saying it 's bad , just saying it 's irrational ) not from politics who have to look beyond today . 
  such behaviour is rational . 
  individually rational . 
  even collectively rational . 
  what is irrational is juncker saying that uk wo n't go anywhere because he says so . 
  edit . 
  or even better , merkel saying that external borders should be kept open in order to save schengen . 
  it would be a pipe dream just as that one of `` getting rid of poverty and hunger in the world '' . 
  what the third world needs is an enforced one-child policy ( and sterilisation , if necessary ) . 
  you ca n't achieve that neither via islam nor via democracy . 
  and i doubt that they would be ready for secularism without democracy . 
  or is it ? 
  bronx before us . 
  this seems kind of relevant : http://eurogenes.blogspot.com.ee/2012/04/so-whos-most-european-of-us-all.html http://eurogenes.blogspot.com.ee/2014/01/another-look-at-lazaridis-et-al-ancient.html, 
  well , if europe does not treat islam as equal to nazism and communism , then that effectively means that the terrorists have won . 
  and the terrorists are winning at the moment . 
  soviet communism and nazism started with very similar terrorism acts , but they eventually upgraded to tens of millions of culls . 
  if such terror acts are being done by 2nd and 3rd generation muslims from eu countries , then that merely shows that immigration rates have been too high to integrate and assimilate them . 
  if such terror acts have been done by 1st generation muslims from eu countries , then that either shows that they immigrated here as a 5th column or that they consider eurabia as their home and the act merely as part of the civil war in eurabia . 
  because if they were integrated into europe , they would not fight for arabia . 
  either way , muslim immigrants arrive as a distribution of good and bad - you ca n't separate them , they come as a combo - the venom within a goat milk . 
  the tails of a statistical distribution can only be separated from the center through discrimination , segregation and apartheid - in all other cases you are stuck with the combo and the venom will do its magic . 
  edit . 
  and the tails have a tendency to grow back . 
  and the offspring from the good tail suffer from regression to the mean . 
  actually about half of all males of the baltics older than 43 years old have first-hand experience from 2 years of conscription in the soviet army together with the ( central-asian and caucasian ) muslims . 
  edit . 
  about 10 % of those have conscription experience longer than 2 years . 
  and a lot of them got more experience from the soviet afgan war . 
  it actually makes sense . 
  natives are able to help immigrants to integrate and assimilate themselves only if the ratio of natives and immigrants is at 9:1 or better . 
  integration only happens through interaction . 
  if that ratio goes down , then integration speed goes down as well . 
  a 95 % native country can integrate and assimilate more immigrants in a given time period than a 80 % native country - which means that in a 80 % native country it would make sense for the natives to try to help only a small subset of the immigrants . 
  i think you should ask this on some more extremist-leaning subreddit . 
  and even then the posters there probably do not represent a representative sample of those who might actually beat other people based on looks . 
  the responses here might give a sense of false security . 
  what is possible will happen eventually ( and people get beaten up on streets , it happens ) , it is only the matter of time ( and space ) . 
   ilmatyynyalus = air pillow ship yes , sorry , i thought about the pillow bag , not the pillow . 
   `` lento '' is flight , not flying . 
  in estonian , ` lend ' means both . 
  so i drew fast conclusions . 
   `` never '' is too strong a word . 
  i disagree . 
  there is a reason russia has failed . 
  one could say that us is failing . 
  they are too big , too many biotopes , too little native peoples , too many ( edit . 
  much ) internal migrations . 
  except internationalism will never happen . 
  the alternative to national states is the tribalism of the cradle of civilisation - that of the middle east . 
  the middle east is not behind europe in development - it is centuries ahead . 
  also , if mankind ever wants to tackle the environmental issues , that can only happen with stable biotopes which require stable native peoples . 
  edit . 
  all the mena civilisations have mastered is desertification . 
  there is that european pagan tradition of jumping over the camp fire on midsommer 's eve . 
  there are even folk stories of some not making it over the fire . 
  so the immigrants need to practice to integrate . 
  cheer up . 
  you 're not doing as badly as sweden and the land of juncker . 
  estonia is on its way up there , oh gawd !!, 
  i agree . 
  islamic revival would have emerged against communism with or without western interference . 
  and it would have targeted western europe with or without western interference . 
  europe did nothing during the 7-10th centuries to cause creeping islamic states in europe . 
  h\u00f5ljuk and lennuk make much more sense than those finnish ilmatyynyalus and lentokone . 
  air + bag + base and flying + machine . 
  why not leijokki ? 
  and lennokki ? 
  i am sorry to say , but ilves 's talk is inconsistent and he is being liberal with the concepts he uses in his speech . 
  when he talks of refugees from syria , we all know that the refugees among the illegal immigrants are in minority , even more so those actually from syria . 
  we should also acknowledge that the post-wwii exodus from central europe between soviet russia and germany stemmed from a local population of about 100 million - a population which was not growing any more and that flow was cut by fortress warsaw pact . 
  while today the third world desiring to move to europe is 2 + billion and multiplying several times over during this century alone . 
  immigrants of wwii were of a christian background , immigrants of today seem to be majorly muslim . 
  there is also the difference that the population among which ilves came from were 100 % literate by the end of the 19th century , while the third world population that currently produces immigrants has an education level comparable to that of estonia 300 years back . 
  there is also that tiny issue of europe having an ecological footprint several times over 100 % of sustainable level , more immigrants are not gon na help in that . 
  europe has already provided sanctuary to the absolute amount of syrians several times over the absolute amount of estonians of the 1940s . 
  why such comparison ? 
  because at 1900 ad , there were more estonians in estonia than there were syrians in syria . 
  nowadays there are 25x more syrians in syria than estonians in estonia ( and 40x more syrians in syria than pskovians in edit : pskov oblast ) . 
  in estonian language , tjah would mean `` perhaps it is '' . 
  ... it was the biggest catastrophe of the 20th century , as some say . 
  you have just presented all the kremlin talking points . 
  that 's funny , because socialists were the first to be targeted in soviet russia by the bolsheviks . 
  international socialists aka bolsheviks hated jews just as much as did nazis . 
  soviets killed jews way before nazis got going . 
  the wording of your questions do not seem relevant to the prior discussion . 
  what you should think about is that finns and icelanders are also nationalists . 
  and that both national socialists and international socialists ran criminal regimes . 
   the word ` national ' is the key word . 
  i beg to differ on all accounts . 
  this claim as if `` europe lives in irrational fear of immigrants '' seems to be a new pan-european meme of the pro-establishment . 
  fear is considered irrational . 
  perception of threat is rational , so are strategies and tactics to avoid or minimize such threats . 
  stable biotope requires stable populations . 
  relatively fast migrations destroy stable populations and biotopes . 
   hyper-pc , over-educated and monied enough to be isolated from economic hurt while in general i tend to agree with you , an average hyper-pc has no clue about the geometric sequence and its properties . 
  to be fair , neither do many of the economists . 
  before one starts worrying about the far-right , one should eradicate the other side of komintern .
