  in germany , that ratio is 80 % : 20 % = 4:1 at the moment . 
  if the ratio is over sustainable level , then the assimilation rate will slow down at least relative to the change in ratio . 
  so the assimilation speed in germany is over twice less from the sustainable maximum . 
  the amount of immigrants , however , is twice more than the sustainable limit . 
  which means that over 75 % of the immigrant population in germany wo n't be able to integrate and assimilate . 
  which means ghettos and ethnic conflicts and possibly a civil war in the future . 
   the kapo chief , arnold sinisalu , issued a statement saying there appeared to be no political motivation behind the incident . 
  it was just a few days after obama visited estonia and promised full support from the us and nato . 
  so i would not exclude the political angle even if kapo denied it . 
  the trial in russia ( pskov ) , however , was entirely political . 
  but how many families have smartphones ? 
  with smartphones , you do n't really need a teacher , you can teach yourself . 
  also , self-organising older students to teach younger ones should be a no-brainer , even if all the parents are away working all day . 
  what about methane from fracking wells ? 
  sniff it away ? 
   congratulations , you 've played an actual role in solving global warming problem !, 
  any solution to that particular problem has to include total end of anthropogenic co2 and methane ( and cfcs and those other compounds ) . 
  sniffing alone is not a solution . 
  indeed . 
  it is a bitch when you ca n't gerrymander issue combos as easily any more . 
  one-issue voting takes away all the fun in horse trading . 
  even nations long subjugated by force retain cultural identity . 
  and here we are talking about a fully voluntary process respectful of all cultures . 
  do n't need to like the idea of eu federalism , but it is not a fukken mongol horde . 
  it took the swedish establishment only 25 years more to reach the low level of natives in a national state ( estonia and latvia ) . 
  i 'd say that the swedish establishment is merely 50 % as bad as the soviets were . 
  but both are on the same direction . 
  as to `` voluntary '' , i do n't suppose you have referendum results from sweden to support your claim ? 
  not likely . 
  in a multikulti society , the trenches run deep and stay forever ( or at least until one side wins ) . 
  the migrant crisis wo n't end even if the migration would end . 
   immigration policy and asylum policy are different things . 
  but migration limits should include both . 
  the latter ( mining the seas and land borders ) is inevitable to have any hope of keeping the first . 
   in today 's world there is no `` build a wall and they ca n't enter '' . 
  they find other ways , they enter where the wall has a crease , they enter in disguise , they-still-enter . 
  some might be able to sneak in , but they can be screened and caught and sent back or sent away to the more remote regions of greenland . 
   the only real way to lower unemployment is to create more jobs , not to limit the number of people who compete for existing jobs . 
  agrarian societies had 100 % employment . 
   since i believe a substantial amount of illegal immigration is inevitable , the stance of `` not one more '' exhibited by many of the `` further-right '' parties - like the one that rules poland - is unrealistic and counter-productive . 
  i believe quite the opposite - with the presence of illegal immigration , the policy of `` not one more '' makes perfect sense and is very productive as a goal . 
   `` reasonable '' is an entirely subjective term , i am afraid . 
  let 's have a referendum on it . 
  the ones claiming to be specialized in politics know nothing of it . 
  and besides , they are the minority . 
   yes , i 'm not disagreeing with that . 
  but the fpo are n't centre-right . 
  parties like the tories are centre-right . 
  you do n't seem to be getting my point . 
  the tails are equal by definition . 
  if 50 % is far right , then the other 50 % is far left and the centre has 0 % . 
    that depends on the definitions of ` european ' and ` green ' . 
  `` european greens '' by definition stand for europeanness , thus they stand for conservative nativism and animism and stand against mass migrations . 
  international `` european green '' is an oxymoron , just as `` representative democracy '' . 
   the european greens contain the vast majority of green parties in the eu . 
  yes , there are conservative greens like the ecologist greens of mexico , but the majority of the green movement are socially liberal . 
  green politics in itself does n't have links to any social policy , i do n't believe . 
  because you have green social conservatives , social liberals , and even green economic liberals . 
  again , by definition , true greens have to be regional conservatives - thus nativists trying to protect local ecotopes and biotopes . 
  the global environment ca n't be protected without protecting local biotopes . 
  a green economic liberal ( without being a conservative nativist at the same time ) is yet another oxymoron . 
  a social liberal ca n't be green by definition . 
  conservatism is about upkeeping the precautionary principle . 
  liberalism is about not caring about the precautionary principle . 
   imagine if the majority wants to kill ( because yes , no reason ) - are they still right ? 
  i trust in the majority . 
  you trust in the minority . 
  the chances that the minority would decide to kill is many times larger than the chance that the majority would decide to kill . 
   maybe you 'd like to reflect on the unanimous rejection your exponential idea received here . 
  nonlinear population dynamics has growth and collapse phases . 
  the closer you get to the population limit , the faster and harder you fall . 
  sahara used to harbour a civilization ( edit : a mena civilization ) . 
   by the way , crossing the sea over a boat barely floating is incredibly dangerous . 
  0,2 % maritime losses are actually very low . 
  true refugees in 1944 had losses of tens of percents . 
   i understand the point of people saying `` we can not welcome them all '' and because they are scared that a huge amount of foreign people will change the city they live in and they love . 
  they are right , change must not be so fast , people are proud of their heritage and fell endangered . 
  but i think we need a united effort to solve the problem . 
  that would be the mandatory one child policy in the mena and sub-saharan africa . 
  assuming that there would be enough water left even for that scenario . 
  any other ( more `` humane '' ) policy would only make matters worse . 
   at the same time though , i do not believe that closing the borders would end the migrant crisis in the long run . 
  in essence you are advocating for open borders and thus for getting rid of europe . 
  make no mistake , there is no europe with open borders . 
   well yes . 
  but the centre-left is not equidistant to the centre in comparison to the far-right . 
  geometrically . 
  logically . 
  you are introducing an artificial bias . 
  without such an artificial bias both tails would be equidistant . 
  if the left is centre-left , then also the right would be centre-right . 
   even on a two-dimensional grid , the greens would be closer to the centre than the freedom party . 
  the tails would have to be of equal size . 
    a `` green '' allowing mass migrations is not really a green . 
  true greens are conservative nativists / animists , who oppose mass migrations . 
   unfortunately the european greens might disagree with you on that that depends on the definitions of ` european ' and ` green ' . 
  `` european greens '' by definition stand for europeanness , thus they stand for conservative nativism and animism and stand against mass migrations . 
  international ( edit : intercontinental ) `` european green '' is an oxymoron , just as `` representative democracy '' . 
   we have different perspectives of how the society and democracy should work . 
  lol .
