  an interesting way of putting things in perspective - an irritation of the elites influences the public . 
   this is due partly to the differences between the interests and views on foreign policy in moscow , on the one hand , and in washington and brussels , on the other . 
  again forgetting the interests and views of the intermarium . 
   the chance to integrate russia into europe 's security institutions , which could have prevented or at least mitigated today 's disagreements , was lost in the early 1990s . 
  it was tried , but russia managed to poison each and every organization it was allowed entry . 
  russia lost it . 
  the only fault of the west was to be deaf to the russian intelligentsia who had been warning the west ( since gorbachev times ) that appeasement of kremlin is counterproductive . 
   nato is a guarantee of your safety . 
  and yet russia has several divisions and subdivisions behind estonia 's border against 200 nato guards and 4 fighter jets . 
   first of all i do n't see why it would be in the interest of the baltic and eastern european countries who are either/both members of the eu or nato to sign a treaty stating they will respond to any infraction on ukranian or georgian soil . 
  because georgia is our close neighbourhood and anything that russia does in the caucasus it inevitably will try to do in the baltics as well . 
  the omon attacks in the baltics happened after the tbilisi massacre . 
  that half was probably an n1c1 man . 
  / s but more seriously , was he the r1a or r1b man ? 
  does any of the haplogroups constitute  50 % ? 
  nazis were far left-wingers . 
  :p and poirot was far too often right . 
  linguistic change propagates more easily from a more dense / larger population to a smaller more sparse population . 
  coastal regions and islands ( saaremaa , etc. ), 
  are more densely populated . 
  thus uralic came here either from south or via the river daugava . 
  there was not enough population density to the north and east of estonia to cause language change from those directions . 
  if uralic language came here during the corded ware period , then it came from ( via ) prussia and the ancestors of balts were the mediators . 
  in that case the transit chain would be of zero length , if everything would be part of russia ( russkii mir / russian world ) . 
   that connection is not only about money . 
  i agree . 
  nevertheless , it is about class conflicts . 
  cultural genocide is a usual byproduct of class conflicts . 
  we are e-smashing !, 
   prussia was a great example of both sides of that coin . 
  while i mostly agree with you , i have to note that prussia was a colony , not a nation state . 
  prussians used to be balts . 
  it takes more than 4 centuries to change that . 
  european nationalism would be impossibly big . 
  nations divide according to different climate conditions . 
  there is no single climate in europe , thus the notion of a european nation is nonsense . 
  it would become possible only in the sense that 99,9 % of life of europeans would be spent indoors within the technical conditions specified by brussels ( air humidity , temperature , air recycling , etc. 
  actually the word for a state derives from a tributary or a watershed , implying that each tribe governed its own river system . 
  thus the notion of a nation is tied to a region . 
  you are describing a class conflict versus national subdivisions . 
  rich identify with rich . 
  nationalism is for the natives . 
  patriotism is for the citizens who want to become ( more like ) natives . 
  chauvinism is for the individuals who want to become imperialists . 
  the difference is the language ( baltic-finnic ) and corresponding pisa scores . 
  archaic indo-european language is simply no match for stone-age uralic . 
  and that is the main divide between us , since balts used to speak uralic as well . 
   the moment nato abandons one country , then the others at the edge get more nervous and make their peace with russia hoping to avoid further aggression , strengthening russia . 
  while that may be on the surface , those wary neighbors of russia would also start to acquire independent mad capabilities . 
  and not just nukes . 
  there is that . 
  it is already happening . 
  nationalism exists only in symbiosis between the native land and the native people . 
  the land of others is not native land , thus that outside land is outside of nationalism . 
   sure , that 's why countries have been trying to conquer others for millenia , to hurt their natives . 
  glad you start to understand . 
  shorter transit chain would be via poland . 
  just admit that you are cornered . 
   you can be a nationalist while still wanting your country to annex others . 
  you ca n't , because any such aggression would hurt your own native country . 
  russia is the prime example here . 
   germany and the soviets were both very valid examples of highly nationalistic countries ... not even close . 
  sticking your fingers up your ear holes and humming does n't make it less true . 
   nazi comes from nationalist for fucks sake , their whole rhetoric was highly nationalistic . 
  their expansionary policies stemmed from ` socialist ' . 
  if they were nationalist , then they would have had to abandon prussia back to the native balts . 
  they do n't pass ukraine . 
  rail baltica has a safety perimeter which would easily accommodate a gas pipeline . 
  land pipelines are cheaper . 
  and russia wo n't have a pretext for a naval blockade of the baltics . 
  you would have to search the . ee domain for nabucco and `` south stream '' , within the english language articles . 
  i got this one , mostly about nordstream : www.evi.ee/old/lib/valispol7610.pdf, 
   crimea has a strategic value for them . 
  the only strategic value of crimea is to enforce a black sea naval blockade to the ukraine or to project military power to the balkans and beyond . 
  poland would be an ideal platform to project power further west ( and north ) . 
   and let 's not write off eu and nato just yet . 
  logistics depends on either germany or sweden . 
  germany is politically unstable , at least when concerning the former mrp region . 
  is sweden ready to take the role of germany ? 
   from energy safety point of view ns2 is good because it will not depend on transit countries actually it will continue to depend on transit countries - namely the transit country of russia . 
  much of the gas comes from turkmenistan and other - stans . 
   the thing is , that the current transit countries will lose money for transit , as it 'll go directly to nordwest . 
  it is worse than that - the gas price closer to russia will be higher than to those who are further away from russia . 
  it is like rerouting all the us exports to the eu through finland . 
  so is brussels . 
  the thing or number that brussels does to those who go to work there is nothing short of a miracle - almost complete brainwashing in a very short time . 
  60 % from 67 % is 40 % , which is larger than 33 % . 
  as to e.on , the fact is that german government has been supporting its cause far more than has the french government its own company . 
  the pipe does not pass through french territorial waters . 
  as i recall , estonian government has been supporting nabucco and been against ss and ns . 
  there is a good alternative route along the rail baltica and via baltica . 
  you know , from lithuania to poland and then further on . 
   when has eastern europe ever cooperated ? 
  they are attacking everything and never give any compromise . 
  eastern europe would have been happy for the compromise of a complete ban on eu internal common market agricultural subsidies . 
  or to immediately raise the subsidies for newer member states to the same level - all for the common market to work more flawlessly . 
  that has not happened yet and not for the lack of interest of ee member states . 
   actually many european nations want it . 
  it is not only germany that has stakes in this , there are french and dutch companies involved as well . 
  one moment you mention `` european nations '' and the next moment you mention `` french and dutch companies '' .
