  so , 1 % of casualties over the mediterranean is not much , especially when also considering the natural death rate of said population as a whole ( which is around 2 % annually ) . 
  1 % annual death rate is about average for young men in any country either drowning , death from jumping injuries , drinking to death and traffic accidents . 
  so you are looking at an average casualty rates for that specific risk-taking population segment . 
  as far as i know , southern italy is nowhere near the current level of 69 % of natives in estonia and latvia . 
  from the perspective of integration and assimilation , it does not matter whether the incomers are refugees , colonists or just plain immigrants . 
  in 1947 , estonians constituted 98 % of estonia 's population , today it is 69 % . 
  that was not part of the membership deal . 
  still is n't . 
  why not put such issues through a referendum within each eu member state ? 
  a rhetorical question would be why it has n't been done already . 
  and btw , i am sure that when there is a will , there is a way , but has anyone found out how to leave the eu yet ? 
  eu population is only about 500 million , so unless you already count russia and ukraine as members , you wont get 700 million . 
  14 million from 500 million is about 3 % . 
  of that 500 million , about 30 million are first-generation immigrants from out of europe . 
  assuming doubling in each generation , the amount of immigrants would be maybe around 12 % of eu population . 
  the speed of integration and assimilation is relative - the ratio of natives against non-natives . 
  historical assimilation rates ( for example finno-ugric tribes in russia ) are around 10 centuries , with a half-time of around 5 centuries ( immigrants reaching parity with natives in about 5 centuries ) - that translates to a dangerous assimilation / immigration rate of around 0,1 % annually . 
  assuming that local natives can manage 0,1 % annual immigration ( an optimistic assumption ) , the share of non-natives should never be above 10 % . 
  if the share of non-natives is above 10 % , assimilation rates slow down considerably , or the risks of counter-assimilation shall rise considerably . 
  looking at current eu figures , even if we account other europeans as `` natives '' ( for example poles in britain ) , the share of non-europeans is already above 10 % , which means over the long term , european culture is already at risk . 
  taking into account different nations within the eu , the risks for national cultures is even bigger . 
  there are eu member states where the situation is much worse . 
  in latvia and estonia , natives form only about 68-69 % of the population , the ratio of natives to nonnatives is 68/32 = 2,1 . 
  the borderline case with 90 % natives would give 90/10 = 9 . 
  so latvia and estonia are at least 4x worse than the borderline case , meaning that integration / assimilation rates there are at least 4x slower than the average borderline case . 
  one could argue that with a 50 % / 50 % split , there would be a tie and no assimilation , so the above case is even more simplified and rosy . 
  taking also into account different birth rates and open doors to networked families ( and the endless regeneration capabilities of africa and asia ) , 2 % immigrants could very soon boom to 20 % or more . 
  i 'd say that europe is already well over the safe carrying capacity of migrants . 
  and that is also supported by anecdotal evidence of growing unrest in all parts of europe - the native peoples are sensing and acknowledging the threat of above 10 % of nonnatives . 
  if 10 % of migrants is a borderline situation , any more means conflicts , including military conflicts . 
  the same happens in the animal kingdom , most of the humans are no different , especially the lowest common denominator who also happen to be the most prolific breeders . 
   what ? 
  do you think europe was always like today ? 
  rape is natural because it happens in nature and humans have done it for millenia . 
  rape is not natural because it has always been a punishable crime . 
   men did n't always ask women nicely to dates , there was in fact a time when humans used to rape other humans often , or kill each other . 
  that does not make it natural . 
  natural is what and how the society decides . 
   pillaging and raping happened all the time . 
  that was not natural . 
  estonia 's official position has so far been to accept prior schemes as voluntary one-time schemes . 
  the government would find it hard to make an about-face . 
  they are between the rock and the hard place and the citizens are watching intently . 
  edit . 
  ekre party is at 2-3rd place already . 
  rape is not natural in these parts of the world . 
  has never been . 
  the eighties coming back ... moscow was also quite dependable to do everything in its power to break up the ussr . 
  we need merkel to shut up and do what eu countries between germany and russia demand . 
  the vishegrad fantastic four ( vff ) . 
  natural is always good . 
  while unnatural is always bad . 
   parties are indeed relatively representative organs , you 're out of your mind if you think otherwise . 
  that was not what i claimed . 
  i claimed that parties ca n't possibly be claimed to represent the will of the majority of citizens without frequent checking via referendums . 
  especially if the polls show the opposite in a statistically significant way . 
   let 's praise the referendums . 
  you do n't seem to possess knowledge of what a democracy is and how a state works . 
  your problem is that you do n't seem to understand which positions are defensible and which are not . 
   who , lizards ? 
  not the people . 
  show me the elections where citizens of all eu member states could vote for juncker . 
    by now it is a proven conspiracy that the governments and the eu crats have been playing into the hands of corporations . 
   where ? 
  where is it proven ? 
  let me guess . 
  on conspiracy theory websites . 
  in leaked documents . 
   that is like one ridiculously famous small town in a region of 500 million . 
  do n't overestimate the popularity of isis . 
  but you have not sampled the opinions of other immigrant getos . 
  so you actually have no clue on the actual stats . 
  and yet you jump to conclusions . 
   not by default , only in effect perhaps , which i either may or may not agree upon . 
  thing is , all of these - cracies have `` levels '' , like there 's a level of plutocracy in every society , it does n't mean that the societies themselves are actually plutocracies . 
  like the soviet union in the end can be described with the word gerontocracy ( rule of the old ) , yet it does n't mean that the state was actually ruled by old people exclusively . 
  in pure form they are mutually exclusive . 
  it makes no sense depicting hybrids as pure . 
  some would say that hybrids are both . 
  i prefer to say that hybrids are neither - hybrids are unique by their own , thus not pure democracies . 
  any assessment is always bidirectional . 
  it definitely does have to be one criterion . 
  likely even the one . 
  it is called applied math . 
  your lack of will of spanish nationality stems from the past imperial nature of the spanish empire . 
   so you think the eu is like the soviet union . 
  more and more , yes . 
  the similarities are obvious for everyone who have experienced both . 
   yeah it 's clear . 
  your views have nothing to do with reality , just a fictional world you made up in your head where the refugee crisis is anything like the ethnic cleansing russia did in certain regions . 
  lol . 
   except there is n't any tyranny of the minority , it 's representative-democracy . 
  representative democracy is an oxymoron , if it does not represent the will of the majority of the citizens on every issue . 
  it is based on the concept of a statistically representative sample ( of opinions ) , perhaps you have heard of it . 
   not everyone shares your ideas , in fact , a majority of the population does n't share your ideas ... 
  the majority of the citizens of each and every eu member state share my ideas on mass immigration from outside of eu . 
  i can give reference to polls if you like . 
   so maybe that 's why you 're not getting what you want . 
  i bet you 're the kind of person that is willing to ignore that though just to get what they want . 
  you bet ?
