  their presence is based on other interests of the us , namely easing power projection into the middle east and africa ... bs . 
  italy suits much better for those directions . 
   unlike other nations with comparable economics we do n't have an interventionist strategic culture but rather the exact opposite ( culture of reticence ) . 
  with the disappearance of the warsaw pact germans did n't see a point in keeping an army with 12 divisions when there was virtually zero military threat . 
  you did n't really address my point of germany spending 1 % within nato while others having to spend 2 % in nato . 
  and all the political schroederism on top of that . 
   the real crisis that 's happening in greece and the hysterically politicized overreaction to what 's happened elsewhere in europe are two very different things . 
  not really . 
  if anything , so far the hysteria has been in greece . 
  when finns finally flip , it 's hakkapeliita motti style . 
  when germans flip , well , biogas is a renewable resource ( esp if the fuel comes handy ) . 
  other nations can flip just as easily . 
  the fact that you do n't see much hysteria yet is no indication of what 's to come if pushed further . 
  europeans ate their fellow citizens less than 100 years ago . 
  and then there was that reconquista that never really ended . 
  where ? 
  everywhere . 
  you can . 
  you need an e-notary service and state approved timestamped digital signatures ( marriage is 1-click away ;-) ) . 
  you need to overload the joke . 
  by telling germans to learn turkish first , russian second , etc. , etc. 
  arab would have to take a number in the queue . 
  that is how we here in estonia spar with the russians about the official status of russian language in estonia ( it does have quite a strong regional unofficial status ) - we tell them how many other languages they have to learn first ( including seto ) to get their own one as part of the official ones . 
  no special favors . 
  edit . 
  on second thought , let germans first learn all 28 eu languages , then russian and turkish , then jidish , then maybe arabic . 
  israel might have more trade with the eu than does the arab world . 
   and the end result is an enormous humanitarian crisis in greece . 
  that would be the end result in any which scenario . 
  only some of the scenarios would have a crisis all over europe . 
   ah yes the netherlands , the country with the largest proven domestic gas reserves in its soil of the eu and a net gas exporter is very concerned about that . 
  it had something to do with that netherlands gas company doing business with gazprom . 
  maybe to get access to some gas fields near the kola peninsula or novaya zemlya . 
  e. http://www.eon.com/en/business-areas/gas-storage-and-transport/nord-stream-pipeline.html, 
  you are not pointing it out , you ca n't , because the data is not comparable . 
  and even if it were comparable , you have n't actually shown that the data would support your claim . 
   quite frankly right now it 's sheer economic thinking that keeps the us installations in germany . 
  no doubt , just as it is sheer economic thinking for germany to cull its army while selling weapons to other nato member states ( to eastern europe ) , to russia and to the middle east and elsewhere . 
  germany spends 1 % to defense and sells weapons and improves economy , while eastern europe has to spend 2 % while buying weapons from germany . 
  it 's a win situation : reap the benefits from the residing us troops and from the military armament of eastern europe . 
  getting rid of agricultural subsidies and quotas would erase 2/3 of all the benefits . 
  eastern europe is all for that . 
  just bring it . 
  the rest of the benefits is called for `` convergence process '' . 
  if the immigrants would make western europe descend to the level of eastern europe , then i 'd say that that is true convergence ;-), 
   would also really help if the eastern european nations would lend a helping hand but oh well ... 
  the baltics already know first-hand how difficult it is to integrate immigrants . 
  in 1990 , non-natives comprised of 40 % of estonia and 50 % of latvia . 
  the point is that integration and assimilation speed is proportional to the ratio of natives versus non-natives . 
  which means that if that ratio goes down , the speed of integration will decelerate ( eventually to a halt and even reverse ) . 
  which means that integration would be 20x faster in a society with just 1 % of immigrants versus a society with 20 % of immigrants . 
  no help to germany from here . 
  we can give you advice though - close the borders , limit immigration , cut benefits . 
  it is the whole cultural package . 
  every bit of it . 
  just like you ca n't exclude the tails from a distribution . 
  you have to deal with the whole of the distribution , every bit of it . 
  you were us ;-) baltic-finnic . 
  not in the 9th century ad , more like in the iii millennia bc . 
   the problem is developed people do n't understand how people around here think . 
  most europeans actually understand it . 
  the problem is that the political establishment of eu and eu member states do not represent a representative sample of the will of the eu citizens . 
  you are comparing apples and oranges . 
  the listed top h1-b professions require top education , which ca n't be compared with a general nationwide average . 
  also , the h1-b results are that of the average , while the general results are that of the median . 
  try to compare with this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_income_in_the_united_states#by_educational_attainment ... and look for at least masters , possibly for professional degree income . 
  while that may be , none of it would explain why germany so emotionally tries to keep those us troops in germany , instead of in poland and the baltics . 
  lol . 
  those are light and medium black breads . 
  where are the dark and black black breads ? 
  there is a secret : you only become white by eating dark bread . 
  not just any dark bread . 
  there is black dark bread , there is dark dark bread and there is light dark bread . 
  hair and eye and bread colors do not look the same to everyone . 
  what some call dark bread might be white bread to others . 
  in some countries a white bread is not called a bread at all , it has a distinct name . 
  we do n't have it , but we can construct it easily : aluka + joove . 
  the home part is only part of the statistic . 
  the other part is in tallinn . 
   `` 2nd and 3rd generation immigrant '' is a contradiction in terms . 
  it is n't . 
   e.g. 
  many of the factors that contribute to higher costs for parts of the immigrant population , such as higher number of children , does not apply to these groups ( birth rates revert to the median typically within one generation ) . 
  but that is exactly why we can call them x-generation immigrants - because they still behave differently from the natives . 
  and they do behave differently . 
   the papers in question are explicitly considering immigrants based on where they were born . 
  their citizenship is irrelevant to the analysis . 
  that does not solve the problem at all , because 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants are still immigrants . 
  you could compare sarkozy with churchill and roosevelt ( or truman ) . 
  except that uk and us eventually formed nato , while france ( and germany ) is lukewarm about nato . 
  germany prefers to keep the us troops within germany instead of positioning those to poland and the baltics . 
   you still talking about that ? 
  in this case it is relevant because it shows up on the opinion poll patterns , which later on become backed up by future reality . 
  it is called 11 centuries of experience of living alongside russia . 
  what are your credentials ? 
   the percentage agreement is the relevant act . 
  that act was about de facto recognition of a de facto situation . 
  mrp was about planning to cooperate to attack and divide up countries . 
   for the uk , the census data matches up well with the estimates given . 
  there 's certainly no justification for assuming they are anywhere remotely near that much off .
