  does that also apply to nazism and communism ? 
  as far as i know those are banned . 
   second , this gal is n't spreading anything . 
  she just covers her face . 
  with a piece of cloth . 
  she is part of the collective borg . 
   oh look , it 's godwin 's law !, 
  great , just great . 
  perhaps you should pass . 
  i am a citizen of a country that also spawned alfred rosenberg and the likes and we intend to keep such violent currents at bay here . 
   what discrimination ? 
  when decisions have been made by the minority and the will of the majority has been ignored . 
   and what 's that got to do with issue discussed here ... ? 
  national states usually have a clause in their state constitution to promise to uphold the native culture and native language . 
  spreading violent monoteist foreign culture would run counter to the constitution . 
  you probably do n't like it , but spreading islam is like spreading nazism - latvians should know the best because baltic landeswehr started to spread the proto-nazism in latvia in late 1918-1920 . 
   women mentioned in article says it 's her choice . 
  is n't that proof enough ? 
  it is n't . 
  because the rule is not meant just for those 3 women . 
   you just described minority discrimination . 
  always better than the majority discrimination . 
   she 's latvian , her husband is latvian ... what migration ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  and stalin was georgian and soviet russia liberated independent georgia of its freedom in 1921 . 
   and again , that woman is a native . 
  in every mean , even in your fucked up one . 
  actually that is debatable . 
  a native latvian would hail for perkunas or pek ( k ) o. 
   nope , that majority could suck dicks if the legislative majority has n't been in the mood . 
  the class conflict between the establishment and the citizenry . 
  still going on . 
   again , why we should be affected by any , even totally fucked up , rule abroad ? 
  because everything is connected . 
  mostly by immigration in this case . 
   a woman from op 's article is a native . 
  natives do n't raise a boy who will go to the middle east to fight for islamism . 
  stalin was not a georgian / ossetian - he was a self-designated soviet man . 
   you 've missed my point : to play lol ( integrate ) one need just a hand or two . 
  you missed my point . 
  the majority of the citizenry decide on the social contract . 
  one needs more than two of its own hands to integrate . 
   why the fuck me or any other european should be influenced by something that 's happening fucking elsewhere ?!, 
  well , if you are here , then you are affected . 
  and if a lot of people come from there , then we here are also affected . 
  action - reaction . 
  home rules or social contract , does not matter how it is called . 
  you are actually looking ridiculous if you did n't consider past events and past experiences . 
   you could ban or at the very least obstruct pretty much anything by claiming it upsets the majority and many countries do , whether that 's lgbt , roma , jewish , civil rights or any other minority group trying to fight for their cause . 
  the majority will could do anything , within the scope of it being a majority . 
   being a majority should not enable majority terror ever . 
  that is for the majority to decide . 
  not for the minority . 
   that a majority is on that opinion does n't make it reasonable or respectable ... perhaps . 
   , just stupid on a larger scale . 
  perhaps not . 
  but it is the will of the majority . 
  on borders and sovereignty - the scope of the majority depends on where to draw borders . 
  natives are usually in majority in their native lands . 
  if they are not any more in majority , then they have the right to demand cultural autonomy . 
   but can we prove it is n't ? 
  we do n't have to - because of the precautionary principle we at first have to ensure the safety of our own society . 
  the precautionary principle sets the burden of proof on the face veil wearers . 
   also , if we start to ban things done by people `` under pressure '' ... oh boy , it would be a loooong list . 
  anything is possible . 
  migration is part of the survival game of life , where there are no rules set in stone - one has to adapt to the environment and to the other players . 
   so why would it be different if some just want to veil themselves ? 
  because the majority of the citizenry would decide so . 
   whom ? 
  non-natives . 
   they ca n't wear hijab and play lol ? 
  yes , they ca n't , if the majority of the local citizenry decides so . 
  it is called a social contract . 
   this is n't about `` have to '' , this is just about `` forbidden '' . 
  and rightly so . 
  just as there are rules in islamic countries , there are counter-rules in other countries . 
  fyi , here we call the north as bottom , consequently the south is up . 
   nationalism does n't exclude imperialism , in fact , nationalism often leads to thinking such as `` we 're better than them '' and `` it 's our right '' to have more land , riches , power , control and so on . 
  nationalism does exclude imperialism , because by definition nationalism deals with keeping its native people , native culture and native language within its native land ( local native biotope / ecotope ) . 
  native people and native land are in symbiosis . 
  any venture or conquest or assimilation would inevitably disturb that symbiosis . 
  russians are one of the best example - they are so mixed from so much conquest that they have almost completely lost their very essence . 
   there never were any baltic countries or nations until 1919 bro !, 
  of course there were . 
  just read tacitus or the scandinavian sagas or the novgorod chronicles . 
   before that , the baltic countries were part of russia for centuries !, 
  only 2,1 centuries , to be exact . 
  if it were 1,9 then you would not be able to use plural . 
  also , you forget self-determination rights . 
  and that estonia was a legal regional successor to the russian empire , while the bolsheviks of soviet russia were not legal successors . 
   heck , many in the bolshevik and menshevik parties before and after the revolution were lithuanians , latvian and estonian !, 
  so what ? 
  it was the estonian army who destroyed and depleted the latvian red rifles . 
  claiming as if 20 000 latvian red rifles would have been decisive to take russia is like claiming that one could take estonia with 200 soldiers . 
  estonia 's mobilisation rate was about 300 per day . 
  similarly , russia should have been able to mobilise 30 000 pe day against the latvian red rifles . 
  you also forget the russian baltic fleet was stationed in and around petersburg that had tens of thousands of marines and hundreds and thousands of guns , including 305mm naval guns . 
  those guns were not latvian guns . 
  geez , what kind of history don they teach you there ? 
   that 's not how nationalism works .
