   stalin 's and hitler 's ideas were ideas of a minority of people . 
  it seems that you are using demagoguery . 
  it was you who used the phrase `` ideas of the people '' . 
  so now are you suggesting that the ideas of the minority are not ideas of the people ? 
   furthermore , stalin 's ideas were not even elected upon and neither were hitler 's later on . 
  neither are juncker 's . 
   as long as we have a democracy , the parties still represent the ideas of large groups of people and are therefore necessary . 
  the parties are only necessary for bargaining of decision power . 
  in all other cases the static parties are not necessary . 
  such a bargaining solution is something that almost surely will go against the will of the majority of the citizenry . 
  all those actas and sopas and pitas and business method patents - those are not the will of the citizenry and not for the greater good . 
  and passing such bills through the fishing committee is a bit fishy . 
   or rather , what do you suggest as an alternative ??? 
  the parties can stay as part of the house of establishment . 
  they are established parties , after all . 
   nope , got to give evidence , otherwise it 's just a silly conspiracy theory . 
  ttip is just one such example . 
   it was a morally right decision even though the majority was against that . 
  so now you are playing god or a representative of god . 
   it is a question of minority rights and equal treatment . 
  minority can only have the rights granted by the majority . 
  the law treats the majority and the minority as the same : both would have to gain majority in order to pass legislation . 
  all the rest is up to the decisions of the majority . 
  i have faith in the majority , you have faith in the establishment . 
   plus , that is a clear direction where the western world is heading and how the younger generation thinks . 
  you mean the rising isis ? 
  you are a fool to believe in linear evolution and everlasting economic growth and everlasting population growth . 
   we should n't wait for the old goons to die to bring in normal legislation , we should be actively progressive in our legislation . 
  the ` we ' at it again !, 
  you mean the establishment . 
  and thus you as part of the establishment , or at least a faithful follower . 
   of what goods and service purchases ? 
  it was a question of about 50,000 immigrants . 
  that is for you to find out . 
  the capability to service those 50000 does not appear overnight . 
  apparently it takes 2-3 years at the very least . 
   yes , as a jurist , i have seen many of my clients , who are from the lowest levels of life . 
  they are actually regular people , but i would be afraid of our future if the future was directly in their hands . 
  you mean you fear that they came for the wrong specialist for consultations ? 
  regardless , meritocracy is not democracy . 
  and plutocracy is not democracy . 
  so do n't cover with false feathers . 
  false feathers means deception . 
   the establishment is relatively static within the 4 years timeframe , while the will of the citizenry is not . 
  the establishment might be static , but the the will of the establishment is not static and it should not be static . 
  but as i understand in your opinion the will of the establishment should be static for 4 years and should not follow the will of the citizenry . 
   furthermore , the citizenry often does n't see the bigger picture , which the establishment needs to take into regard . 
  that is tautology . 
  it is a math concept . 
  in plain english : the establishment makes itself indispensable . 
  too important to fail . 
   if you ask people dozens of specific questions about specific issues every day , you are going to get stupid answers . 
  is that how you want the state to be run ? 
  i already explained that i want two houses . 
  the house of commons would have the option to veto or nullify or to propose ( and in some iterations pass ) its own legislation . 
  i fear you are lacking understanding about what democracy is . 
   it is not a yelling concert ... 
  it is a yelling concert if that is one legal way to express one 's decision . 
  k\u00e4rajad and the novgorod veche were just that . 
  any legal means of expressing one 's decision on a specific issue would be fine . 
   it is meant to be free choice of the best leaders and representation of all opinion groups , not a direct democracy . 
  that is the scheme that the establishment tries to advertise to the citizenry . 
  but those mind games do not work any more , because the establishment has lost its intellectual advantage and because wrong positions are not defensible for long . 
   i am internally divided whether you are part of the people , who should n't be let to make decisions for us in the first place , or whether you are really so naive to think that all people are capable of decent decisionmaking and that the will of the majority is somehow the best in every issue . 
  that becomes an issue only after you have decided whether to continue to falsely label your sistema as democracy or use its proper name ( whatever it is , not democracy ) . 
    o n average , only 50 % of representatives change in one election . 
  and not because of lack of effort from the voters . 
  the parties remain in 90 + % of cases . 
   and what exactly is the problem with that ? 
  if people are fine with the candidate they chose the last time , why should n't they vote for that party ? 
  you are not fooling anyone . 
  the electoral system of estonia was designed to create the establishment . 
  taagepera himself has admitted that . 
   no , some parties are part of the establishment as the coalition government , while others are clearly not part of the establishment . 
  all parties are part of the establishment . 
  it shows as the coalition would rather accept ekre than accept referenda . 
  the coalition hates its own citizens more than it hates ekre . 
    through a referendum  we had that in 1992 . 
  we do n't need to have it every half a year ... we can have an everlasting referendum , while still making decisions . 
   ( you really screwed your intelligence with this claim ) you are not very convincing . 
   absolute bullshit . 
  supporting mass immigration is one such example . 
  see on tavaline loogikaviga . 
  on page 36 : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_first_en.pdf if 56 % of the citizens of the eu member states want to limit immigration from outside of eu , and if 34 % would want no limits to immigration , then the probability ( of representative democracy ) that 23 eu member states out of 28 would vote for limitless immigration is about 230 parts per billion . 
  if the standard deviation of polling results is 1,5 % , then the confidence bounds for 6-sigma would be 9 % from the mean . 
  even at that 6-sigma confidence border , the probability of 23 out of 28 states voting for limitless immigration would be about 1/5000 . 
  so the chances that we are dealing with a democracy are pretty slim . 
  elaboration : http://vassarstats.net/binomialx.html n = 28 k = 23 p = 0.34 p : 23 or more out of 28 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 2.3022e-7 ( that was the 230 parts per billion ) p : 23 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 ( the 6-sigma confidence border , if standard deviation is 1,5 % ) method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0000258 ( that is 26 parts per million , not 1/5000 ) p : 20 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0022 ( that is 2 parts per thousand )  sinu n\u00e4ide aga ei too mingit konkreetset n\u00e4idet ning ei arvesta asjaolu , et valitsused teevad \u00fcksteisega koost\u00f6\u00f6d ning on valmis s\u00f5lmima kompromisse \u00fcldise h\u00fcvangu ja arengu heaks . 
  demagoogia . 
  it most certainly is one criterion . 
   we already did . 
  that was one year and one season and one electorate . 
  and you are deceiving , we did not have a referendum on that . 
   continuous and everlasting referendums is a logical fallacy . 
  it is n't . 
  internet network communication does that continuously all the time . 
  it works . 
   no , i merely represent the common understanding among the majority of legal and political scientists in the world . 
  you mean part of the establishment . 
   perhaps you should n't argue with your maths degree on that issue ?
