  already happend with nord stream btw . 
  the pipe can be covered with detonators , making it a pipe bomb . 
  any nato fleet that happens to be on top of it in times of crisis - poof . 
  it 's a one-off , though ( ok , maybe two-off ) . 
   quite frankly , belarus is none of our concerns , ukraine is n't either . 
  that is an eu level issue , not to be decided by germany . 
   it is purely logical trying to circumvent problem areas . 
  lithuania + poland can be considered as problem areas already ? 
  seems like problem areas have expanded a lot lately . 
   if this pipeline is violating eu treaties - fine let 's cancel it . 
  but so far , nothing indicates that this is the case ( apart from claims from eastern european or central or whatever you wan na call it governments ) . 
  there is this thing called eu common market . 
  nordstream2 is violating those common market principles . 
  such strategical networks should be decided at an eu level ( and nato level ) , not at a country level . 
   it is still russian gas . 
  the gas is actually komi or nenets or mansi or turkmenistan gas . 
  russia ( proper ) is merely a transit country . 
  the majority of the citizenry should . 
  so i gather . 
   it 's not very fitting for this situation , though . 
  well , german colonists in estonia at the j\u00fcri\u00f6\u00f6 uprising at 1343 attributed to estonians the saying of : `` not even a foot-high german shall be left alive in estonia '' . 
  that saying was used by the germans to wipe out lot of estonians , including a lot of women and children . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  europeans are basically hunter-gatherers and trappers . 
  in many european languages , the word for money derives from the word for skin ( fur ) . 
  edit . 
  the skins were sold to the south . 
  edit2 . 
  google trends shows that `` far right '' seems to be more popular than `` far left '' . 
  this story repeats `` far right '' , lots of stories repeat `` far right '' . 
  a lot of labeling going on , i guess . 
  perhaps even a media bias . 
  if not police and not military , then that leaves militia and paramilitary . 
   there will not be a referendum , which invalidates the use of public opinion data in your observation . 
  only a referendum could invalidate the statistical observation of poll results . 
  so you failed again . 
   public opinion data can not be used to determine the probability of governments voting one way or the other in the council . 
  it can be used , if one tries to measure the probability of democracy . 
  that 's the point you 're so desperately trying to avoid . 
  mine the straits , it has the added benefit that nobody would go for a rescue . 
   it is an estimation of probability , not an observation . 
  estimation of probability is part of the statistical observation . 
   based on faulty data , therefore incorrect . 
  the data is roughly correct , deviations are accounted for . 
  and the claim of faultiness could ultimately only be tested with a referendum . 
  so you failed again . 
   ... your prediction on the outcome of the vote remains incorrect . 
  you are so wrong you do n't even comprehend how wrong you are . 
  it was not a prediction , it was a statistical observation . 
   are you now saying that opinion polls do determine government decisions ? 
  only in cases where government decisions follow the poll results . 
   i dispute using poll results in the first place , so any deviation is irrelevant . 
  you have yet to show any skill or grasp of statistics . 
  therefore i am afraid that you do not understand what you are talking about . 
  poll results can deviate from referendum results , but the standardized spread of such deviations is called `` standard deviation '' . 
  so , accounting for possible deviations makes the poll results equivalent to referendum results , unless one suspects outright deception either with the poll or with the referendum ( or both ) . 
  there is no contradiction and i have already explained it . 
  with lack of referenda , polls are a ( poor ) substitute . 
  however , i did include 6-sigma calculations based on standard deviation of poll results , if you know what i mean . 
   do you or do you not admit that this estimate of probability is wrong , going by what the political system in eu is currently , and not going by what you would like it to be ? 
  the estimate is right regardless of the current political system . 
  you might get confused with the part in the paranthesis . 
  or you might get confused of the fact that the eu refugee legislation has no defined upper bound for refugees - the lack of such upper bound in fact means limitless immigration . 
   as for your whole commentary on democracy , it is simply not compatible with what european , western , and even estonian democracy is . 
  and do n't forget the russian democracy !, 
  the only true democracy is the one that follows the will of the citizenry . 
  all the rest are misnomers . 
   if you think government decisions going against random opinion polls and not having referenda on everything makes a country or a union not democratic , then by your standards democracy does not exist in reality , and it never did exist . 
  well , democracy partially exists in switzerland . 
  and it has existed on several occasions in the past , also in estonia before 1224 ad . 
  it is not the lack of polls , polls are just a poor substitute to referenda . 
   what most of us living in europe consider to be a democratic society is evidently something entirely different . 
  want to test that claim in a referendum ? 
  oh , right , referenda are not allowed by the establishment . 
   i 'll settle for an explanation of what the basis for using single issue opinion polls to predict government policy is . 
  your whole premise is false . 
  democracy is the will of the people , ie . 
  the will of the citizenry . 
  i already proved that on at least one issue eu establishment has not followed the will of its citizenry . 
  therefore the political system within eu is not democracy . 
   if you have a problem with that , you have a problem with more than just immigration . 
  of course i have problem with more than just immigration . 
  the problem is that of lack of democracy . 
   there is only one law . 
  which is not democratic . 
   no , i mean it has served everyone who lives in a democratic society well . 
  wan na throw a referendum on that issue ? 
  oh , right , referenda are not allowed by the establishment . 
   you 're contradicting yourself . 
  if you think it 's a problem , you acknowledge it to be the fact . 
  you are not making sense . 
  the problem is the fact . 
   if you acknowledge it to be a fact , the premise for your statistics is faulty . 
  and here you are provably wrong again . 
   politics deals in laws , not subjective perceptions . 
  laws of the establishment , not of citizenry . 
   no , it is a perfectly functional system of governance that has served us well for a long time . 
  the ` us ' ? 
  you mean you are part of the establishment ? 
   hence , representative democracy .
