   europe is under attack , civil war , refugees are raping white women left and right . 
  i am not exaggerating . 
  you are not exaggerating . 
  some rape victims narrowly escaped the first refugee rapist only to be raped by another one a 100 meters away . 
  there used to be such punishment `` steeplechases '' for serfs and slaves in europe until the 19th century . 
  edit . 
   there is no excuse for idiotic ideas . 
  there can be only one excuse for idiotic ideas - that of the will of the majority of citizenry . 
   the sole mainstream parties ' policy to blame this on , is immigration ... 
  there are many reasons . 
  in all such cases the establishment has ignored ( and/or ridiculed ) the will of the majority of citizenry . 
   could you perhaps explain who these people are and what their supposed will is ? 
  perhaps we could have a referendum on their will ? 
  that is an irrelevant point . 
  what is relevant , is that the election was not just about juncker - thus the election was not about juncker . 
  so were hruschev and stalin . 
  gorbi was special because despite to all his efforts , he managed to dismantle the soviet union . 
  kind of reminds me of juncker . 
  how so ? 
  animists do n't kill without a necessity . 
  animists do n't seek out conflicts without necessity . 
  animists do n't overbeed , they live within the carrying capacity of their native environment . 
  all finno-ugrians . 
  you know , the uralic side of indo-uralics . 
  possibly balts and ( north - ) germanics . 
  possibly older natives of the british isles . 
   they can chose the party to rule . 
  so in other words they can choose their ruler among allowed rulers . 
  not what democracy is about . 
   the point that we disagree is the direct democracy . 
  obviously . 
   i do n't think we should have referendums for everything . 
  any democracy requires at least the option to have referendums on anything . 
  if there is no such right , then it is not a democracy . 
   by all means list your source . 
  i already gave it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#migrant_background german citizens of no migrant background : 64.7 million ( 80 % of total population ) [ 38 ] total population is 80.2 million . 
  [ 37 ] 64.7 % 80.2 = 80.67 % `` natives '' and thus 19.33 % non-natives . 
  where `` natives '' are individuals whose all parents have lived in germany since 1949 . 
  so if anything , that statistics overestimates the share of natives . 
   so that 's 64.7 million natives against 10-11 million non-natives . 
  your numbers do n't seem to be correct . 
  80 % and 20 % , 4:1 ratio . 
  yours is a 6:1 ratio . 
  the non-natives comprise 16 million , not 10-11 million . 
   coupled with the fact that a fair number of the non-native immigrant groups do n't generally get along well , have no central organisation and other than balkan wars era ak47 's have no way to get any armaments much less take out drones or tanks . 
  i would n't be so sure about any of that . 
  especially when concerning future . 
  so was gorbachev . 
  it is very relevant to the argument . 
  we did not have an election on juncker . 
  we had an election on aggregated issues , of which one was juncker . 
  any votes on aggregation of issues ca n't be disaggregated . 
  thus we did not have an election about juncker . 
  edit . 
   the essence is that you voted him in as democratically as any national prime minister . 
  representative democracy is an oxymoron . 
   and they can decide on their own , but in elections . 
  no , they ca n't decide on their own . 
  not on every matter . 
  which is what `` on their own '' really is about . 
   you voted for parties and those parties elected juncker . 
  exactly . 
  any votes on aggregation of issues ca n't be disaggregated . 
  ... the citizens should trust the scientists and specialists of their own field , but still decide on their own ( not through the man-in-the-middle scam ) . 
   and they can , in the all the elections we have . 
  elections are about the man-in-the-middle scam . 
  thus you are deliberately misleading , again . 
  no , we did n't . 
  the election was not directly about juncker . 
  and any votes on aggregation of issues ca n't be disaggregated . 
  animists . 
  there is a difference . 
   the top people of the eu have way more insight and knowledge what 's going on than 99 % of this sub . 
  that is by malicious design , not by brain capacity . 
  the open sourced legislation by the bazaar could run circles around those `` top politicians '' . 
  between the natives and non-natives . 
  europe with open borders would be an impossibility . 
  but now you are contradicting your former self . 
   i prefer to trust people specialized in the subject rather than people who know nothing ( or very little ) over it . 
  the citizens should not trust a politician , the citizens should trust the scientists and specialists of their own field , but still decide on their own . 
  the politician playing the man-in-the-middle is part of the scam . 
  the depletion of ground water reserves was entirely their own doing . 
  a marshall plan for a rabbit population . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   i mean , i could swim that without the slightest bit of trouble . 
  many have tried that and got busted . 
  including some former kgb apparatchiks after the kohver incident . 
  so the border river does not prevent immigration , but it helps to catch the illegal crossings . 
  what estonia can do is to be thorough in accounting each and every person in estonia - who they are , their biometric data , how they got here , all the relevant events that have happened with them while in estonia . 
  and to put the violators into prisons . 
  perhaps even onto an island prison . 
   if the countries they passed can not provide for refugees in a humane way do we not have the moral responsibility to provide for those fleeing from war or persecution ? 
  no country nor continent could provide for all the refugees forever , without compromising its own society . 
  and that applies especially to those migrant source countries who are experiencing a population explosion at the same time when their countries are running out of water and arable land . 
  no , it is because the european establishment denies the citizens direct democracy . 
   500 + million population , a million-ish refugees , two at most . 
  who 's the delusional one ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#migrant_background the speed of integration and assimilation depends on the ratio of natives versus non-natives . 
  a maximum sustainable rate of assimilation is not above 0,1 % annually , which translates to no less than 90 % of natives and no more than 10 % of non-natives , so that sustainable ratio is at least 9:1 .
