  and if the outcome is unenforceable by design and mass defections are expected , then again the whole idea of such a market loses its purpose . 
   well , its not exactly a `` small '' forum , but fortunately , it is n't an accurate depiction of the actual discourse or the actual political opinion . 
  it honestly used to be so much better . 
  lol . 
  and you based your opinion on what ? 
  on referendums or on polls ? 
  actually we should all generalize as much as possible . 
  you have to accept the whole distribution with both the tails and the horn ( s ) . 
   well these 100 billion are mostly spent in germany and are therefore an infusion into their own economy . . it 's not as if that money will instantly dissolve so would be a strong border fence and land mines . 
  just look at the baltics . 
  the soviet colonists are scoring at or above oecd average at pisa and timss , but the countries are still woefully behind finland and not ahead of the vishegrad four . 
  i have not advocated for torture . 
  i have merely stated rational alternatives . 
  sterilization is just one ( edit . 
  optional ) part of one of those alternatives . 
  open borders would be a genocide for most ethnic groups . 
  according to the us election calculators i am more left leaning than sanders . 
  but trump would be my third choice ( according to the calculators ) . 
  ... at the lands of western balts and baltic-finns . 
  unidentified flying leptons ? 
   facts ? 
  where ? 
  are they secret facts that only you are allowed to see , or are you going to at some point share them with us ? 
  i already stated those facts . 
    those without a homeland live for profit  oh look , another one of your opinions . 
  we all have them , you know . 
  some of us are intelligent enough to provide evidence when we give sweeping statements , some of us ... not so much . 
  well , obviously those without the homeland do n't live for homeland . 
  or do you disagree ? 
    because the local environment is special . 
  and the native culture has adapted to the local environment . 
  that is enviro 101 . 
   no , thats your narrative 101 . 
  you 're just making shit up . 
  anyone can just make shit up . 
  special to who ? 
  you ? 
  everyone ? 
  what native culture ? 
  does every country only have one native culture ? 
  the country i come ( uk ) from has at least 4 . 
  local environment is special for those living within that environment : humans , animals , plants , the whole ecotope . 
  natives are those who live in balance within the local environment . 
  some countries have several native cultures . 
  national states usually have one native culture . 
  but even if a national state has several native cultures and several ecotopes , the main criterion is still whether those several ecotopes live in balance both within and between each other . 
   you could homogenize it if you make all people live in the `` corridors of brussels ''  er no you can not . 
  there is no going back , my friend . 
  your neighbourhood will never become all-white again . 
  lol . 
  nature ensures that europe will always stay whiter than africa . 
  europeans have always been relatively whiter , probably since the `` fossil apes of europe '' ( you should search for that ) . 
   homogenisation is the result of a process . 
  yes . 
  and the establishment is trying to carry out and manage that process . 
  they will fail , of course , again , as always . 
   its not something you can ` achieve ' , without some serious ethnic cleansing or forced in-breeding . 
  yes , so ? 
  nothing that the establishment would not do for the benefit of their own class . 
   mind you , you 're sounding like the kind of person who would vote for those two terrible things . 
  i prefer direct democracy . 
    you are still servicing the citizens . 
  native citizens , not internationalists . 
   ill bite : what the fuck is and ` internationalist ' ? 
  someone who likes globes ? 
  someone who goes on holiday more than once a year ? 
  someone who is n't scared shitless when they hear different languages ? 
  are you the opposite of an ` internationalist ' ? 
  am i one ? 
  an internationalist is someone who resents and acts against national states and tries to build or breed an international people aka soviet people . 
   you may have never left your home village , but i assure you , people have been ` international ' for thousands of years . 
  its really not that scary i have been to places . 
  internationalism has always existed , yes . 
  but so has nationalism . 
  it is like a symbiosis , when working right . 
  but internationalism can be a parasite trying to kill its own host . 
   your argument does n't get more complicated than ' i do n't like foreigners ' . 
  if you can back up any of your old-fashioned ideas , go for it , but really , you just sound like an angry teenager at the moment . 
  well , i let other individuals to judge that for themselves , each of their own . 
  statistics . 
  math and logic - such an inconvenience . 
  just ignore it . 
   resource issues are a distribution problem though , not availability . 
  only in an infinite world with infinite speed of transportation ( and likely with no gravity ) . 
  so that effectively rules out most of the universes . 
  international conventions are contradicting each other . 
  universal rights of individuals would mean definite genocide of ethnic groups . 
  the best thing to do is to limit their population . 
  they should do it either voluntarily themselves , or borders should be shut down . 
  well , then failure it will be ( or is already ) . 
   i was not contesting the claim that the eu citizens were opposed but that the eu commission pushed to let everyone in . 
  read up on the eu - african agreements on future free movement of goods and bads ( the people ) . 
  then read up on the statements of juncker and other leaders . 
  talking of redistribution , instead of enforcing borders , is about `` letting everyone in '' . 
    well , they would n't receive benefits elsewhere either . 
   why not ? 
  i ca n't think of a single european state that pays no benefits at all . 
  that is about to change due to high numbers of immigrants . 
  welfare states are history . 
  thin state is the future .
