  edit . 
  oops , seems like schlatter already answered that . 
   and how is that comparable to the soviet union because if anything was true it 's that they did play ball ... whether you wanted or not . 
  vishegrad got it easy . 
  the baltics repeatedly got different import-export bans and `` mishaps '' . 
   that sounds incredibly vague and silly do n't you think ? 
  so do you have a source ? 
  google : us warns britain over brexit google : brussels warns britain over brexit i ca n't give more specific sources at the moment . 
  there have been threats on eu exit to britain and to other eu countries . 
  some have been specific , some vague . 
   that any new agreements & treaties they sign wo n't be based on the old ones which they drop when they leave . 
  well , the choice between belarus or switzerland or norway still stands . 
  there is nothing odd about it , it suits for a threat bluff . 
  but one would have to brexit to call the bluff . 
  crimea is just as much part of russia as is the baltics . 
  non-recognition policy will run its course until the occupation has been reversed . 
  well , if you believe that there exists only one definition of nationalism in the books then you are most certainly wrong . 
   kids born after the war acting like they were a part of it annoy me to death . 
  that 's why i hate nationalism . 
  here the kids playing war are offspring of soviet colonists - children of internationalists . 
  icelanders are fiercely nationalist . 
  the we . 
  good to know . 
  likely defined by those who consider themselves as not nationalist . 
   estonia also had a ton of wars in the last 100 years , which is my point that nationalism brought casualties . 
  not really your strongest point . 
  the wars in 1939 were started by stalin and hitler . 
  they were internationalists , hitler merely masked it ( he had plans to assimilate 50 % of estonians into germans ) . 
  the war in 1919 came about because of ... internationalists ( at first , colonial powers and eventually bolsheviks ) . 
   ok , so , what you consider nationalism - wanting a country full of your nationals , countrymen ... has also caused wars . 
  nope . 
  nationalists merely wish to preserve their native culture within their native state . 
  a national state usually assumes that non-natives eventually assimilate themselves with the natives , but assimilation is not forced by the nation state . 
  you ca n't ( should n't ) force assimilation , it would damage both cultures - the one assimilated and the one assimilating . 
  assimilation should run its natural course . 
   though the proposal is to make all europe be called eu , and not bigger germany , bigger poland , bigger estonia , etc. 
  there have been plenty of proposals to switch to just one eu language . 
   i 'm personally passive to the issue as to which nationality i am , because i personally find nationalities to be bullshit . 
  on a personal level it would not matter . 
  but on a national level such indifference to nationality would show that some damage has already been done . 
  but whatever identity has been damaged will be regenerated in one form or the other . 
  would you care to offer a counter-definition of nationalism ? 
  one that would be about expanding out of the nation-state ? 
  any forced assimilation will also change the nation who assimilates others . 
  one would only need to look at russians . 
  if you expand , you will be in the process of losing your old national identity . 
  contrary to texas , estonia has exited 2 empires within the last 100 years . 
  we have experience . 
  i have to repeat again - nationalism is about keeping your native culture and native language within your native land . 
  nationalism is not about conquering other countries , colonising them and assimilating other natives there . 
  edit . 
  if anything , the latter ( conquest , colonisation and assimilating others ) is internationalism . 
  no , for estonians that would be nationalism . 
  while what happened in crimea is not nationalism . 
  why ? 
  you see , because estonians are native in estonia while russians are not natives in crimea . 
  you can more easily understand nationalism as nativism , comprising of 3 aspects : native land , native people living in the native land , native people keeping their native language and culture within their native land . 
  moving elsewhere into neighbouring countries is not pure nationalism , it is certainly not nativism . 
  it can also manifest itself with an eexit . 
  mostly economical . 
  that if you exit , then we wo n't play ball with you ( and you might be viewed as belarus , not as switzerland or iceland ) . 
  i would n't be so sure if , say about 10 million portuguese would decide to permanently relocate to estonia against the will of the local estonian citizens . 
  eu legislation would allow that , the will of the citizens would not . 
  i repeat , russia in crimea is not nationalism - it is colonialism and imperialism and chauvinism . 
  euism is yet another form of nationalism . 
  earthism is yet another form of nationalism . 
  tribalism and clannism is yet another form of nationalism . 
  you ca n't get rid of identities , they will regenerate and reinforce themselves . 
  how so ? 
  both estonians and finns are ultra-nationalistic , yet there has never been war between estonians and finns . 
  what happened in germany and italy before and during wwii was not nationalism , it was colonialism and chauvinism . 
  what is going on in russia is not nationalism , it is colonialism and chauvinism . 
  etc. , etc. , etc. 
  a circum-baltic region would make a lot of sense . 
  brussels is practicing fearmongering with possible exit repercussions , just as moscow used to do . 
   the tallest on record being a more than 210-year-old tree growing in estonia which stands at 46.6 metres ( 153 ft ) . 
  for sweden it would be sexit ? 
  it makes sense to leave the old eu and gang up to create a new one . 
  without brussels . 
  within the old eu , you do n't reform brussels , brussels reforms you . 
  denmark has quite many 30m giant sequoias already . 
  i am envious . 
  but the highest pinus sylvestris in estonia . 
  bestonia stronk and into nordic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_pine overall , i think that m3 per hectare would have been a more fair metric . 
  central europe would look better . 
  one lightning would be ` v\u00e4lk ' in estonian . 
  also used for describing flash in photography . 
  i think brexit would be great . 
  even better if many other eu member states would also exit and form a new eu . 
  edit . 
  greece can stay ( and devaluate ) . 
  it is about cold , but it is reserved for a specific case of cold that arrives after the sun disappears . 
  and it is also specifically used for the shadow side of the house , for example . 
  l\u00e4hme vilusse - let 's go into the shadow . 
  all the mentioned documented attacks seem to have been in latvia and lithuania . 
  the attacks in estonia seem to be undocumented . 
  but the media blame is assertive , just as with the arson case in the vao refugee centre - no suspect has been found , but ethnic estonian nation as a whole are being blamed by the media ( and probably only in the estonian language media , neglecting the russian language domain ) . 
  there is an estonian verb ` vilama ' which is the same as ` vilkuma / vilkkua ' . 
  also , ` vilu ( s ) ' means ' ( in a ) shadow ' .
