  i could show you ( based on those poll results ) that germans are relatively the most extremely positive towards kremlin . 
  and that the largest rift within the nato countries is that between germany and poland ( and especially men of eastern germany ) . 
  there are many different ways of being ` bought ' . 
  it can be a profitable barter transaction . 
  estonia does not get to be a poster child for nothing ( even if you are worth it ) , you have to pay for it . 
  and all those close friendly lobby contacts have tied them up . 
  it takes balls to go against such a strong wall of public opinion . 
  either balls or a large compensation . 
  but which is n't ? 
   but , germany as a whole views russia less favourably than almost every other country polled . 
  not so . 
  quite the opposite , in fact . 
   `` but only 44 % of italians and 38 % of germans see russia as a major menace . '', 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/1-nato-public-opinion-wary-of-russia-leary-of-action-on-ukraine/  `` roughly half or fewer in six of the eight countries surveyed say their country should use military force if russia attacks a neighboring country that is a nato ally . 
  and at least half in three of the eight nato countries say that their government should not use military force in such circumstances . 
  the strongest opposition to responding with armed force is in germany ( 58 % ) , ... '', 
  perhaps you can take enough time to explain how and why the software patents were to be pushed through a fishing committee ? 
  a full lifecycle insurance and reinsurance by reputable private sector insurance companies . 
  one reactor meltdown in europe is estimated to cost about 6 trillion eur , so such a full insurance would at least have to have that 6 trillion eur coverage . 
  as of yet , not a single nuclear reactor in the world has full private insurance , at least to my limited knowledge . 
  that would imply that any pro-establishment statement would be considered ok by default . 
  tell that to those who insist that more immigration is needed for the economy . 
   this is because when the take away restaurants came to exist they would n't just be stealing existing business from existing restaurants , but actually inclining more people to spend more frequently . 
  that does not make sense in many ways . 
  are you saying that a new type of a restaurant makes people eat more ? 
  if so , then additional obesity decreases real economic welfare . 
  there is a mosque in estonia . 
  it is indoors . 
  also , there is nothing weird about trying to avoid future threats . 
  you do have car insurance , right ? 
  mmm , not really . 
  polls have shown that quite a large share of german men view putin favourably . 
  then add the nordstream 2 / mrp2 and you are set . 
  germany has been humble towards the wwii victors and the jews , but the mrp victims are not even noticed , just business as usual . 
  demographic processes take centuries , even millennia . 
  just wait and see . 
  not pussies . 
  they are bought , part of the establishment . 
  just as estonian mass media . 
  according to polls , of all the eu member states , estonian people are the most against mass immigration . 
  mostly solar . 
  wind is also the result of solar . 
  nuclear lacks insurance , thus it can not even be considered as an alternative . 
  constant growth is impossible due to the physics of the universe . 
  even additional space dimensions would not enable it . 
  i already gave you logic . 
  you denied it . 
  why the / s ? 
  the other side of the komintern needs to be eradicated , for good . 
  i repeat , the stats are already grossly misleading . 
  there is no rate of growth that would be theoretically sustainable . 
  eternal fixed rate growth is unsustainable . 
  it also creates a rift of water between estonia and russia . 
  what is left of estonia , that is . 
  inflation of crime . 
  you see crime numbers decreasing because of the devaluation of the penal system . 
  i am telling you that the stats are misleading . 
  `` born in norway to norwegian-born parents '' does not equate with ethnically norwegian . 
  that would have had to have been a step change , not a linear or geometric or loglinear trend . 
  no , they do n't qualify . 
  russia has enough old camps for them if they want to stay in russia . 
  the alternative is to return to where-ever they came from . 
  the statistical lie lies in the ` children ' . 
  not true . 
  estonian share of immigration is shown as at 15 % , while in reality it is at about 30 % , so twice as much . 
  edit . 
  also , ` ethnic locals ' would require 1000 years of residence , not 3 generations . 
  devaluation of the penal system brings about hyper-inflation . 
  syrians have multiplied 25x in the last 100 years . 
  europe has already taken in the amount that syria had 100 years ago . 
  case closed . 
  in 1990 , ethnic latvians comprised about 51 % of latvian population . 
  80 % of rest were recent soviet colonists . 
  how 's that for adapting to multicultural societies ? 
  those soviet colonists consisted of about 100 different ethnicities , some of them muslims . 
  estonia 's figures were 61 % at 1990 . 
  and 95 % of the 39 % were recent soviet colonists . 
  you are making the mistake to assume that citizenship would give a clear picture . 
  it does n't . 
  as an example , not all norwegian citizens are ethnic norwegians . 
  not all swedish citizens are ethnic swedes , not all estonian citizens are ethnic estonians . 
  the 200 000 ex-soviet colonists now-estonian citizens carry out the same amount of crime than the 900 000 ethnic estonians . 
  if you want to have a country then you also have to enforce your borders . 
  no borders - no country . 
  it is that simple . 
  if i am not mistaken , during the european middle ages rapists were put to death in a preferably painful manner . 
  it is the european left who has banned death sentences . 
   ` selfish ' post-communist countries unused to diversity that is a patently wrong statement . 
  estonia and latvia have had plenty of diversity in the form of former soviet colonists . 
  even the official stats have shown that estonia actually had a higher ratio of immigrants than sweden until last month . 
  neither germany nor sweden stepped up to take those colonists after the reindependence in 1991 to adhere to the hague and geneva conventions on war , colonisation and genocide . 
  some solidarity . 
  they could have had 2 million immigrants at oecd average education level , now they 've got 2 million immigrants at the level of 2nd grade . 
  and estonia is to the north of denmark and scania . 
  in my opinion , central europe is between germany and russia . 
  thus , eastern europe is the european part of russia . 
  does the soviet colonisation into the baltics account ? 
   in mediterranean summer , you reach +30 \u00bac almost every day , and if you wear socks , they will be sweaty in 5 minutes after leaving home . 
  well , we never have guests at main apartments at such a warm period ( that 1 day once in a year ) . 
  guests will be invited to summer houses , where if warm enough they can go barefoot .
