  far-left has done more harm to europe than far-right ever has . 
  nazis were socialists . 
  it might derive from ` per\u00e4se ' , which derives from ` per\u00e4 ' ( bottom / back / behind ) . 
  hungarian `` igen '' seems the same as estonian `` ikka / ikke '' ( meaning : always / of course / for sure ) . 
  = it ( sure ) is !, 
  `` k\u00fcll k\u00fcllale liiga ei tee '' = ~ `` enough never hurts enough '' ( there is never enough yes ), 
  the easy solution for the nuclear lobby , because they would still get the business . 
  while the government would ignore the need for insurance reserves to the order of 6 trillion eur . 
  i spoke only good of mormons . 
  morons , on the other hand ... 
  if the situation were critical , such persons would not have any children . 
  but somehow they managed to raise their population 10-fold in 100 years . 
  so - not critical , at least not in the sense you are suggesting . 
   we live in a globalized world , `` everyone at his own home '' doesnt work . 
  `` my address is soviet union '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vum-hshy3gk did n't work out . 
  never have . 
  never will . 
  that is the source of economic growth soros has been after . 
  together with economic destruction . 
  all policemen would have to pass an estonian language test at required level . 
  mormons could perhaps do that in 6 months , but morons could not in 50 years . 
  there is also that awkward requirement of literacy , many menas and sub-saharans tend to lack in that . 
  add to that that there might not be any common language to start the learning process . 
  oh , and i am not entirely sure , but i suspect that only estonian citizens would qualify to become a policeman - that would take several years . 
  so , tough luck . 
  you sound more and more like a bot . 
  the limits were raised . 
  i have a very simple answer : with attribution studies on a regional level . 
   but who got sick because of the disaster and who got sick because of other reasons ? 
  you are going in circles here . 
  which part of the `` attribution studies '' on a regional level do you not comprehend ? 
  you mean you are unable to search for obama decided ... ? 
  google : obama approves raising permissible levels of nuclear radiation in drinking water as for the eu , google : eu ordinance 297/2011, 
  yes , decided by obama in the usa ; another decision in the eu , another one in japan . 
   but who are the victims ? 
  who gets compensated ? 
  those who get sick . 
  and the causes ( and prospective compensations ) are determined by attribution studies . 
   i have n't decided anything mate . 
  you have implied . 
   so the state gets to keep the money if i become sick ? 
  sounds fair to me ... state as the middleman in this case ensures that indirect costs will be collected as a tax or as a fine . 
  and that the victims are being compensated . 
  there is both external exposure and internal exposure . 
  or did you believe that drinking and eating ( and inhaling ) does not count as exposure ? 
  you keep making fool of yourself . 
  carry on . 
   but they have n't reached a consensus . 
  that is not for you to decide . 
   then we 're back to who gets refunded and who not . 
  there is a middleman called the state . 
  i already did . 
  the latest search tips and references i gave in this branch . 
   its impossible to know what caused a cancer . 
  shows how little you know . 
  it is not necessary to know precisely for each individual case what caused the cancer . 
  it is enough to be able to assess that over a set of cases , for example on the national level . 
   so to which scientists should we listen ? 
  to the consensus of those active scientists who are not paid by the relevant industry . 
   scientists do n't even agree on the effects of radiation yet , let alone they can make an accurate prediction of how many extra cancers something will cause . 
  whether the science agrees or not on any field issue will be decided by the field scientists , not by you . 
  and the agreements and disagreements emerge from scientific articles , not from opinion pieces . 
   but who 's cancer has been caused by a disaster and who 's cancer is natural ? 
  that is decided by attribution studies and assessments . 
  as i already mentioned , you are trying to play the old tobacco war tricks here . 
  oreskes and conway in their book `` merchants of doubt '' ( and many others ) have written quite a lot about those practices . 
  exposure limits were raised . 
  you are clearly incapable of scientific approach , so you should leave that for scientists . 
  edit . 
  you can learn a few tricks from the `` tobacco '' merchants of doubt . 
  but i am sure that you are already a fan of those tricks . 
  search for : raised radiation limit water raised radiation limit food http://www.activistpost.com/2011/04/eu-follows-epa-raises-acceptable.html http://fukushima-diary.com/2012/02/japanese-government-is-going-to-raise-the-safety-limit-for-infant/ [ councilor of radiation belonging to ministry of health , labour and welfare returned the report to allow them to raise the safety limit of infant food , which is from 50 bq/kg to 100 bq/kg . ], 
   scientists do n't even agree on the probalistic numbers , how does a particular cancer case get refunded then ? 
  how ? 
  it is called science . 
  you take the probability distribution and multiply it with the impact distribution . 
  and then integrate . 
  something like that . 
   if there 's an 1 % extra chance for a particular cancer the patient will receive 1 % reimbursement ? 
  i was thinking on compensating to only those who become ill ( affected ) . 
   this was your claim . 
  i have yet to see any evidence that any european reactor is insured to even close to the 5.8 trillion eur insurance upper limit set by the referenced study . 
  thus my claim that there is no insurance is essentially correct . 
  you are a demagogue . 
   til the japanese government is an industry body . 
  yes , all governments are basically industry bodies . 
  that is the essence of representative democracy - representation of business interests . 
   but the legal framework is very dodgy , how will you try to prove your cancer was caused by radiation ? 
  probabilistically . 
  and it does not have to be based on individual cases at all , it can be on state-level aggregate statistics . 
   odd 2 comments ago to refuted limits set by the government and now u use them as a source . 
  one is iaea , thus international industry body . 
  the other is not an industry body , but still international . 
  can you spot the difference ? 
   you are the one making a claim . 
  actually i raised 3 questions about insurance upper limits in specific countries pertaining to the possible 5.8 trillion eur damages brought about by a future nuclear incident . 
  no health and life insurance at all . 
  genetic defects develop and propagate for at least 20 generations . 
  a prolific individual ( ghenghis khan ) might have millions of offspring after 20 generations . 
  lower , yes .
