  people need to visit forests . 
  if forests are not available , then one has to compensate . 
  they desperately need more multikulti to be cured of their disease . 
  kantaa kaunaa = to hold a grudge, 
  ok . closed for foreigners ( for non-soviets ) . 
  but as far as i know , as a rule foreigners were not permitted / supposed to leave tallinn . 
  not that it was enforced . 
  because it might show that there is a continuum between the humans and apes - and that goes against the doctrine of humanity . 
  um , the city of tartu ( not sure if it can be called a city ) was not closed . 
  as everywhere else , soviet military bases were closed but most of the city was quite open . 
  tartu was not like sillam\u00e4e or paldiski , not even like narva . 
  also , to your name h\u00e4\u00e4y\u00f6aie i can only respond with \u00c4ia\u00f6\u00f6\u00f5ud . 
  i have n't had that many lols reading a piece in a long while . 
  lol . 
  all the naivete and doublespeak . 
  perhaps you could specify for which post do you designate the / s, 
  the refugees are the soviet army ? 
  you may even have a point , because illegal immigration from russia to estonia has doubled every year . 
  colonists are colonists . 
  natives are natives . 
  the difference from 2016 is that this time we have guns . 
  but we still retain the cool heads . 
  the island of odensholm is in estonia , at the rim of the neugrund meteorite crater and near the baltic clint . 
  the karja church in saaremaa has an odin triskele sign that ties together odin and the kaali meteorite crater . 
  thor / taara is a ( half - ) deity all over northern eurasia . 
  komintern tends to do that . 
  the way to neutralize radical leanings would be to join with them and then restrain them . 
  like what happened in tallinn may 15th , 1990 . 
  we need to be able to mount flash standoffs with the ability to restrain ourselves at the same time . 
  um , iivi anna masso was almost labeled as a nationalist in finland , while she was considered leftist multikulti in estonia . 
  the best way to do that would be to relocate the tens of thousands of us troops from germany to poland . 
  oddly enough , germany is against such a development . 
  russia is financing both far right-wing and also left-wing internationalist parties across the board through europe . 
  now that matude has satisfied your curiosity , would it be possible for you to keep in mind those statistics and refrain from partial accusations in the future ? 
  it is not like the statistics have changed considerably . 
  thus next time the burden of providing evidence ( of significant statistical change ) should be on you . 
  ( but thanks to matude for this time ) . 
  politicians need to be able to make tough decisions . 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/  according to the latest oecd data , the russian federation 's homicide rate is 12.8 , much higher than the oecd average of 4.0 . 
  compared to estonia 's 4.8 , russia 's rate is over 2,5 x higher . 
  also , it has been common knowledge that about 2/3 of the crimes of estonia are carried out by non-estonians . 
  so the ethnic estonian homicide rate would be around ( 4.8 % 3 ) * 1.5 = 2.4 . 
  the figuring has probably something to do with the 30 % of non-natives in estonia of recent soviet colonial history . 
  and the source of non-natives probably also matters . 
  also , i doubt that the homicide stats are reflecting reality 100 % . 
  nevertheless , yes , uk seems to be better in this regard . 
  as good as iceland . 
  but one would need more countries to draw statistically significant conclusions about the causes and effects . 
  a german should learn from the dutch how to build levees . 
  or recall layered defense lines . 
  the win solution would have been to support quick fence-building . 
  fortress europe can happen and will happen . 
   i assume the polls were also pre-election / ` coup ' . 
  they were , yes . 
   the association agreement with the eu essentially meant essentially cutting ties with russia , if just a little bit . 
  no , it did not . 
  it meant russia cutting ties . 
  there is a difference . 
   also , the share of russian-speakers in crimea is amongst the highest in ukraine with over 60 % . 
  well , 90 % of narva people speak russian but they still prefer estonia over russia . 
  actually the pre-war polls showed quite a solid pro-ukraine stance in crimea , even solidifying further . 
  could have been maskirovka though . 
  the swamp is malleable . 
  actually the stories go that the ussr red army was very tolerant of gayism happening within the army . 
  every inch of it . 
  25 % of estonians have been on either end of it or a spectator or a story-teller . 
  the rest of the 75 % have been good listeners . 
  the current youth simply do not have such experience and are thus wary of the western gaylords . 
  real conservatives created nature reserves . 
  contemporary `` conservatives '' worry about how to get access to nature reserves to mine oil and gas . 
  http://estonia.nlembassy.org/binaries/content/assets/postenweb/e/estland/embassy-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-in-tallinn/import/events/special-publication-english/special-publication-2012-english.pdf  the cultural and economic ties that exist between estonia and the netherlands date back to the time of the hanseatic league . 
  a number of churches in amsterdam , for example , used estonian timber in their construction . 
  less well known is the fact that the majority of vegetables grown in the netherlands have their roots , quite literally , in estonian peat . 
  the peat is a very slowly regenerating resource , netherlands has already used up its own peat and is using estonian peat - thus living on borrowed slowly renewable resources . 
  borrowed from the future , that is . 
  the 3 old main parties of estonia are perceived as corrupted to the core , led by either former top communists or by new young broilers who have had no other job but politics . 
  irl is a partial exception regarding leadership , but they are corrupted nevertheless . 
  representative democracy has failed miserably and direct democracy is being denied even with the existence of e-voting . 
  the general plot among the main parties is to ignore the will of the citizens . 
  they ( the parties ) are the establishment . 
  the difference is that usa still has room to grow while netherlands lives on borrowed peat soil . 
  so you are betting on the ponzi scheme . 
  economists and esp those in the financial sector tend to do that . 
  any 6-grader should know that ponzi schemes are unsustainable and end with a collapse . 
  and btw , why should there be any financial capital at all in this digital age ? 
  a net positive over a short period is meaningless . 
  demographic processes work out over centuries and millennia . 
  conservatism is long-term . 
  liberalism is short-term . 
  you are testing my response , right ? 
  i am not revealing my reaction so easily . 
  edit . 
  but i will have my hungry wolf stare on you . 
  or is it ? 
  komintern has carried out some serious shit . 
  war of attrition , yes . 
  including attrition on interaction . 
  they might , if pushed . 
  they do n't respond well to aggressive behavior . 
  they will keep their composure up to a point , but after that anything is possible .
