  there are even more gems in that piece . 
   a spectre is haunting europe -- the spectre of nationalism . 
  that used to be :  a spectre is haunting europe -- the spectre of internationalism . 
  ahem . 
   they appear to enjoy the idea of hurling themselves , like lemmings , off the same cliff as great britain and becoming sequestered single states , long past their political prime and wide open to being pushed around by the remaining global players . 
  like japan and south korea and taiwan and singapore , she means . 
  she also does not explain in more detail who are those `` remaining global players '' who are `` pushing around '' smaller ( nation ) states , if not nation states . 
  in effect she openly admits that globalization is about pushing around and fighting for global dominance - there can be only one . 
   soberingly marginal , pressed up against the outermost edge of that world : europe , the countries of the european union . 
  and if we look for our countries : italy , poland , croatia -- where are they ? 
  again , those countries are just as eye-popping as japan , south korea , singapore or taiwan , if not more so . 
   even before our meals arrive we agree : on its own , none of those pinheads will solve a single one of these problems . 
  translation : japan and south korea and singapore and taiwan have no place at the global decision table . 
  they have to suck up what the `` pushing '' non-national states ( ? ), 
  push to them . 
   the time where the policies of isolated nation states had a global effect is over . 
  the final nail in the coffin , that should do it . 
  and if it does n't , there will be countermeasures . 
   simply raising the drawbridge is not an option . 
  translation - states are history . 
  welcome global slavery for the establishment . 
   then , with our perception of the world -- and hence of ourselves -- properly adjusted or reinforced , ... 
  spoken like a professional brainwasher . 
   but what the statistics say above all is that 42 percent of the people who live in the european union are unequivocally in favour of europe . 
  there is no europe without borders . 
  thus that 42 % can only desire for fortress europe . 
   texts about the cosmopolitan imperative , for example , about how wholly unsuitable nation states are for politics . 
  the other side of the komintern ( or those behind the komintern ) is alive and plotting cunning schemes . 
   anyone initiating something like that -- best of all from outside the institutions and under a catchy name -- would have no trouble gaining all manner of european funding . 
  wannabe professional politicians pay attention now . 
   that question is : and then ? 
  -- so a fence has to be erected to stop the refugees -- alright , and then ? 
  what happens at your fence ? 
  and if a refugee tries to climb over that fence with her four little children ? 
  think of the verdun . 
  did the enemy manage to sneak in under the disguise of 4 children ( i have doubts about the `` little '' part ) ? 
   this may in turn lead the governments of denmark and the netherlands , currently in the thrall of far right populists , ... ca n't have an article without mentioning the catchphrase `` far-right '' , neglecting to mention the `` far-left '' and `` the establishment '' , of course . 
  google trends for : `` far left '' , `` the establishment '' , `` far right '' https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=%22far%20left%22%2c%20%22the%20establishment%22%2c%20%22far%20right%22, 
  you seem to be among the eternal progress / economic growth dreamers . 
  a hint - none of that is possible in a finite world or in a universe with finite interaction speeds . 
  you probably would not recognize an arithmetic sequence , which for decades has been a standard test question for entering the 1st grade at school . 
   42 percent is a figure that wins elections . 
  it equates to 200 million people . 
  an enormous , silent majority that has only to emerge from its silence and join forces to form a potent pro-european citizens ' movement . 
  42 % is a majority . 
  wow . 
  such brain capacity and capability of reasoning . 
   china tried the state regulated restrictions on population growth . 
  ( and they did n't even need sterilization for that . ), 
  they are facing a potential population collapse right now because of that . 
  no , china is not facing a population collapse . 
  china is facing a slow population adjustment following a population expansion . 
  a population collapse would be several times reduction of size of population in 1-2 generations time . 
  the population of syria has increased 25x in just 110 years . 
  usually the population collapse is faster than the population explosion . 
  fish stocks ( and some other species ) have plummeted 100 times . 
  with bau , expect the middle east population densities to reach the levels of inner sahara desert . 
  they could avoid that , but even a mandatory one child policy might be too little too late by now . 
  and that is why i mentioned forced sterilisation as one option . 
   there is also a far better method for population control . 
  it 's called education and health . 
  they do n't have time for trying that any more . 
   i also doubt that migration has to lead to destructive alteration of the existing social structure . 
  mass migration inevitably leads to destruction of local habitats . 
  it is pure logic . 
  lol . 
  dinosaurs died out because of changes in environment , but i expect you to deny that . 
   i am concerned for your wellbeing . 
  your concern is misplaced . 
  i am concerned of the planet and of the humanity . 
  universal human rights are in contradiction to the universal physical laws of this universe . 
   `` if europe can not act together to persuade a significant majority of its citizens that it can gain control of its migratory crisis then the eu will find itself at the mercy of a populist uprising , which is already stirring , '' he added . 
  so again there is that mythical entity ( called europe ) that needs to dictate to the majority of native europeans how they should live in their own continent . 
  if europe is not the majority of native europeans , then who is it ? 
  edit . 
  that quote was from the bbc story : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36304721 edit2 . 
  and from the statement of sir richard , it rather seems that that mythical entity is ruling over europeans , who are getting restless and planning for an uprising . 
   russia - vladimir putin - meaning : vladi - leading ; mir - peace ; -  leading of peace  putin -  someting connected to route ; or in finnish : valta + mereen p\u00e4\u00e4ttynee : trickled / flown down into the sea edit . 
  putin has some veps roots . 
  edit2 . 
  in estonian : valg + merre p\u00e4\u00e4dinu, 
   forced sterilization with a specific target group is a form of indirect genocide and considered as a crime against humanity . 
  it is not if that specific population would otherwise spiral into a population collapse . 
  sterilization would merely ease and lessen the decline . 
   it 's also a form of psychological and physical torture . 
  it is merely a ( better ) alternative . 
  they can choose either state regulated restrictions on breeding or choose to have a population collapse . 
   why would open borders be genocide for most ethnic groups ? 
  because that would alter / destroy the stable environment of the natives . 
   we are just not egoistic and value the human rights and realize that those apply to everyone . 
  that is impossible because of universal physical laws of the universe . 
   we would have a refugee relocation scheme which is fair to all member states , as well as to the asylum seekers . 
  in case you had in mind the stable matching scheme circulating around in the media , then here are some of my notes : it seems that the proponents of such a market are neglecting several assumptions . 
  first , in any such a market , the parties always have the option to decline the market offer . 
  thus according to that , any country can decline any migrants assigned to this country . 
  and any migrant can decline any country assigned to him/her . 
  it is very important to understand that without additional enforcement , such markets are operating based on free will . 
  and also the country quota should be the manifestation of the free will of the majority of citizens of the country , not some quota assigned to that country by the un or any other outside organisation . 
  and if one were to think of enforcing the market outcome - that could only be done together with almost total border enforcement and interior enforcement . 
  thus if one were to argue that such a specific market with an enforceable outcome is necessary for the reason that the border enforcement is a failure , then such an argument would be faulty .
