  ever closer cooperation - i wonder where else i have heard of that . 
  edit . 
   and how are you saying that `` this means war '' without even backing it up ? 
  this means war because history does not have any such similar case that did not result in a war . 
   your statement is easily disproven in relation to the current situation , because the most culturally homogenous societies are exactly those which refused to take any refugees . 
  it is not disproven . 
  v4 are being careful to adhere to the principles i mentioned . 
  furthermore , you ca n't possibly disprove the principles i mentioned ( ok , total permanent brainwashing might be a possible solution ) . 
   all the while countries which have already had significant immigration by people from other cultural backgrounds like sweden and germany have agreed to take even more . 
  the governments ( the establishment ) have agreed to take more , not the countries ( the citizens ) . 
  the establishment is not the country . 
   that 's mostly accepted by the populance , because even tough there are noticeable problems which stem from failed immigration ( not refugee ) policies in the past , most people have first hand knowledge of one or several people who have integrated successfully . 
  single success stories are like lottery wins . 
  the overall chance of wins in a lottery are way below 100 % , more like 50 % . 
  quite many of east european governments have been bought off by brussels . 
  it is a mafia . 
  the space in western europe is finite , not infinite . 
  eventually it would spill over . 
  yes , we would be willing to take in a limited amount of refugees directly from camps . 
  i already calculated estonia 's annual limit - about 10 . 
  only direct votes for juncker count as votes for juncker . 
  everything else is layers and layers and layers of obfuscation away from that . 
  brussels asks us to take a share from infinity . 
  a moderate immigration rate is that which is at or below 0,1 % of the native population annually . 
  that would ensure that natives would always have at least 90 % majority . 
  v4 ( minus hungary ) adheres to those standards . 
  likely none other . 
  you forgot the various restrictions that have hampered east european competitiveness . 
  those `` subsidies '' were actually a compensation for the incompetitiveness of the western europe . 
   he was the spitzenkandidat for the epp . 
  if you cast a vote for a party that belongs to that euro group , you were casting a vote for him to be president . 
  none of those votes were for juncker . 
  if you buy gasoline that partly originates from venezuela , then that means that you support chavez . 
  i already did . 
    and his report is full of conflicts and inconsistencies . 
  you just sprinkled that in hoping no one would notice ? 
  it 's not full of ` conflicts ' and inconsistencies . 
  it is . 
   why are we talking about immigration ? 
  you need to help the readers here , last we were talking about juncker , now immigration . 
  juncker was talking about immigration , or at least implying . 
   and , it is hugely important to mention whether the immigration you speak of is from within the eu ( whose culture and genetics is similar ) or from outside of the eu ( places in africa have cultures that are very different and genetics that trounce us in marathons ( kenyans ) , but absolutely fail academically compared to us . 
  so yes , immigration results in lower pisa scores . 
  your point being ? 
  immigration within eu lowers pisa scores as well , but not as much . 
    we know by fact that juncker has repeatedly expressed his will to keep the citizens away from decisionmaking . 
   what people like you seem to think is that in a democracy leaders have to follow the will of the people . 
  yes , that why it is called a democracy . 
   it is not so , if you want that then you 'll have to set up a direct democracy . 
  you are confused . 
  in a direct democracy the citizens decide themselves on issues , in a representative democracy the politicians should provide a statistical representation of the will of the citizens on each and every issue . 
   leaders are voted in and trusted to make decisions for a nation . 
  trust without constant verification is empty . 
  democracy is not about trust . 
  democracy is about distrust . 
   it 's not about giving refugees better conditions than the weak in your own social systems , it 's about giving them shelter and not letting them die . 
  it is about getting rid of the welfare state which would be sustainable only in a monokulti national state . 
  getting rid of a welfare system is much more painful than introducing it . 
   in other words : the economic impact of migrants was larger back when the geneva convention was agreed upon than it is today . 
  integration and assimilation has nothing to do with money . 
  it has everything to do with the ratio of natives versus non-natives . 
  that ratio today is worse than it was after wwii . 
  that ratio will also dictate the true costs ( including indirect and unaccounted costs ) to the host societies . 
   and if some countries populations are too racist to accept these basic rights , they are free to leave the eu . 
  that could only be verified by annual referendums on the exit issue . 
  otherwise it is just a balloon of hot air . 
   nevertheless , the european continent will crash and see the most costly mistakes in economic history unless we get together much closer than we do now , and ideally become one country . 
  it 's a big project , the first of its kind to happen in this way without military conquest , but it 's a noble ideal worth fighting for in my opinion . 
  european federation is not even in the maps . 
  the maps tell of eurabia or afrope . 
  you can also forget about peacefully creating a unitary state out of 28 + independent states . 
  this means war . 
  he has tried . 
  it would be easy to impose strict trade balance . 
  by the majority of those who matter . 
  those are not quotas . 
  those are shares of infinity . 
   eu subsidies are rich member states ' solidarity with the poorer partners . 
  actually it is just one part of the `` convergence process '' . 
  the other part being production and export restrictions ( and uncompetitive subsidies ) to v4 , the baltics and others . 
   you do n't need to pay them 250k . . you will pay that money if you do n't take them . . 
  which means you need to pay that money . 
   not millions , just a million and some more as of now . 
  un and other organisations say otherwise . 
  that eu should take in 10 million within 5-10 years . 
  `` should '' being the operative word . 
   in the scandinavian countries the dansk folkeparti and sverigedemokraterna are economically centrist and support a welfare state . 
  a welfare state is sustainable only in a monokulti national state . 
  thus afd is on the right track on this one , i am afraid . 
  thus no one should be . 
   sigh , still the same disregard ... his very influential report is just full of disregard , is n't it ? 
  indeed , juncker is full of disregard of ordinary citizens . 
  and his report is full of conflicts and inconsistencies . 
  we know by fact that mass immigration has already considerably lowered education ( pisa scores ) in eu countries . 
  we know by fact that mass immigration takes away money from defense and from social security . 
  we know by fact that mass immigration distorts labour markets . 
  we know by fact that juncker has repeatedly expressed his will to keep the citizens away from decisionmaking . 
   he 's corrupt now ? 
  i thought i was just arguing with people that he was n't a scumbag but now he 's also corrupt . . okay then . 
  well , there 's only one way you can claim that . . with proof .
