  one could have used the same argument in 1939 to reason the partitioning of poland . 
  both ussr and germany were dependent on each others trade . 
  that is a funny claim , because a russian ` research vessel ' entered estonian waters during the nordstream 1 mapping and building phase and ` took samples ' without approval of estonian authorities . 
  mind you , estonia was part of nato then . 
  there is a continuity of cheka/nkvd/kgb / fsb running things . 
  contracts with kremlin are never straightforward . 
  there is no truth outside court judgements . 
  if a party misses a payment , you ca n't judge the causes , you need a court for that . 
   plus in the end , it does not matter . 
  russia made a credible threat to cut off ukraine due to this issue , endangering our supply stability . 
  of course it matters . 
  it is part of politics of both past and future . 
   i do n't think that russia needs north stream as a justification . 
  you do n't seem to know a lot about russians . 
  ever heard of the aftermath of the orzel incident in 1939 ? 
   `` orze\u0142 sank no enemy vessels during her journey from estonia to britain , although soviet authorities blamed her for sinking the soviet tanker metallist in narva bay on 26 september , the incident being used as a pretext for the soviet invasion of the baltic states . '', 
  ussr not just blamed estonia , ussr towed in an old ship and tried to sink it with cannon fire . 
  they missed and failed to sink it . 
  they may have also tried to torpedo it , ca n't remember , but eventually that old ship was towed to somewhere else ( edit . 
  this is by coastal eye witness accounts and possibly also based on photos ) , estonia got the blame and eventually many months later finland managed to sink that ship with coastal artillery fire ( near hanko i think ) . 
  as you can see , kremlin has a habit of staging events for excuses . 
  nordstream fits into that pattern . 
  says you ( and russia ) . 
  nordstream certainly helps to set up such conflicts . 
  there has been no court judgement as far as i know . 
  thus you should keep the behavior and its judgement as separate . 
  we do n't know who is guilty until the court decides . 
  how about those fat tires , tested in antarctic conditions ? 
  they are selling those tires to bicycles and trikes , i just saw one yesterday . 
  although the usual forks might be too tight for it . 
  the safest would be a quad bicycle with fat tyres . 
  you should let that judgement to the arbitrage courts , otherwise you might give the impression of partiality towards kremlin . 
   i doubt it . 
  it is physically impossible . 
  anything possible will happen , given enough time . 
  and that 2 billion is not set in stone , it is likely increasing . 
  i found this : http://www.gallup.com/poll/124028/700-million-worldwide-desire-migrate-permanently.aspx only 700 million , but it is a start . 
   `` gallup finds about 16 % of the world 's adults would like to move to another country permanently if they had the chance ... ... gallup finds residents of sub-saharan african countries are most likely to express a desire to move abroad permanently . 
  thirty-eight percent of the adult population in the region -- or an estimated 165 million -- say they would like to do this if the opportunity arises . '', 
  african population is projected to rise to 4 billion by the end of the century . 
  ceteris paribus , 38 % from 4 billion is 1,5 billion . 
  then add the asians and others . 
   well , show me an example of the russian navy ` guarding ' north stream inside the territorial waters of another country . 
  there was that incident of russian navy bullying the lithuanian cable-laying ship to sweden . 
  then there have been several incidents of russian navy harassing finland 's vessels . 
   all that matters at that point is : eu or not eu - and ukraine is not eu . 
  and if we want to be precise - cheap gas is already flowing through ukraine . 
  as you yourself wrote - in case of cutoff ( ukraine would have a source of cheap gas nearby ) . 
  also , nothing prevents eu + ukraine to buy gas together . 
   until we have proper infrastructure ( allowing us to redistribute gas in europe ) , it does not make sense . 
  you are deliberately stalling . 
  my ( well , not my ) proposal is good regardless of any infrastructure . 
   and i am sure that germany will be opposed to it as it will likely drive up our own prices . 
  ah , the solidarity and the eu common market principles . 
   this would n't help ukraine however . 
  it would . 
  it would bring cheaper gas closer to the ukraine border . 
  i believe you are mistaken . 
  even if estonia would have access to nordstream , estonia could still be cut off because estonia would only have a branch of a sea pipe - no common landpipe of nordstream in estonia . 
  such a branch would have a separate cutoff valve anyway . 
  in other words if estonia ca n't be individually cut off by russia , then estonia would have a cutoff opportunity for itself ( and that is unlikely to be granted to estonia ) . 
   i am aware that the baltics and poland pay more than germany or france . 
  however , this has always been the case , own pipeline or not . 
  actually you are wrong . 
  there was a period when the baltics had relatively lower gas prices . 
   the gas price is independent from transit . 
  only in the bookkeeping . 
  in contracts the gas price includes transit costs . 
  otherwise we would see very very cheap gas prices from kazakhstan and turkmenistan for which russia is merely providing an expensive transport service . 
   why would russia wait for higher prices if it could do this already without having to build new lines . 
  that is why eu has to buy wholesale , not as individual countries or individual companies . 
   north stream surpasses quite a few sea territories . 
  none of it is ` guarded ' by the russian naval fleet . 
  you are not up to speed , i am afraid . 
  sometimes it is called the gazprom naval fleet , but kremlin has a 50 % share of gazprom . 
  fractional democracy . 
  precisely !, 
  eu needs to buy gas from russia at a common wholesale price level . 
  redistributing it within the eu is a matter of the internal common market of the eu . 
  the current higher prices to the eu countries between russia and germany give profit both to russia and to germany ( because of a competitive advantage ) . 
  estonia does not need access to the sea line . 
  estonia ( all three baltic states ) already have separate gas pipes from russia . 
  the problem is that kremlin asks higher price for gas from the baltics than kremlin asks from berlin or paris . 
  an offered access to the sea line was simply a bait to route the pipe through estonian waters and then start guarding it with the russian naval fleet with anti-aircraft missile systems . 
  no , i mean 2 billion . 
  according to polls . 
  i did n't bookmark the source though . 
  eastern europe ( without ukraine and belarus ) is about 130 million people . 
  the third world wishing to relocate to western europe is 2 billion and counting ( and multiplying ) . 
  eastern europe is on par with western europe at education , the third world is not . 
  eastern europeans have read faust , third worlders have n't . 
  none of the baltic countries and poland were offered any land pipe alternative route . 
  the only ` offer ' was to route the sea pipe through estonian waters , ` guarded ' by russian navy . 
  kremlin is still run by the same organisation ( nkvd/kgb/fsb ) that carried out the naval attack on refugee ships in autumn 1944 . 
  8-9 % of the refugees on ships died . 
  and there was the nagging issue of a naval blockade and reoccupation and colonisation . 
  estonian conservatives and greens ( not necessarily party members ) support the sociobiological nativity approach , meaning controlled immigration to upkeep the local social contract and the local biotope . 
  mass immigration will destroy the social contract and the local biotope . 
  europeans have racially been the same for the last 30-40 000 years , let 's keep it that way ( which means more or less constant low immigration ) . 
  btw , estonians have the largest share of whg ( west-eurasian hunter-gatherers ) .
