  ( the one doing the dividing up will only get fingers . ), 
  ( where is sauna , there are estonians . ), 
  ( forest is the poor man 's fur coat . ), 
  ( own land is a strawberry , foreign land is a blueberry . ), 
  ( tears come after long joy . ), 
  `` pole paha '' in estonian would be `` not bad '' . 
  has been repeatedly used by the estonian skiing coach in the occasion of olympic or world championship medals . 
  it was also used in the torino olympic games where estonia got more individual skiing gold than norway . 
  not bad indeed . 
  the other similar praise would be `` p\u00e4ris hea '' ( pretty good ) . 
  as in `` the norwegians are skiing pretty good , almost better than us . '', 
  the rest of the sea besides the straits would be wide and more easily patrollable . 
  you would be surprised how many mines a couple of trillion of eur would buy . 
  we can even use the quantitative easing and fiscal stimulus and write it down as an investment . 
  note the use of ` we ' - the citizenry of eu . 
  there are always alternatives to try to stop the flow . 
  each has its upsides and downsides . 
  land borders can be mined and booby-trapped as well . 
  you seem to forget that europeans are basically hunter-gatherers used to trap their prey . 
  immigration is part of the `` life of struggle '' or evolution . 
  in that `` life of struggle '' there are no rules set in stone . 
  human history has shown that mass immigration means 100 % certain war , sooner or later . 
  the middle east being the cradle of civilisation is simply more evolved on this path . 
  but it is the reason . 
  additional layers of government take additional resources , even at best case . 
  those additional resources would be well spent only if they would bring added value . 
  again , there is a reason why russia is doing so poorly , usa is not doing so well and why the nordic countries have thrived , relatively speaking . 
  in old times , states and empires became formidable after they passed the 3 million inhabitants mark . 
  the optimum range is between 1-10 million inhabitants . 
   what do you suggest ? 
  mines ? 
  yes , why not . 
  it would make sure that nobody would go for the rescue . 
  which would make the immigrants to think twice before trying something foolish . 
  no , it is funny that after 1-2 years germany is still not stepping up to secure eu outer borders . 
   but we should try to minimise their numbers , and by that i mean persuade them and conduct good policy . 
  persuasion is the wrong thing to do . 
  everyone should try to reason , but not persuade . 
  persuasion is too pervasive and perverse . 
  oh , and the `` we '' who should conduct good policy should be the citizenry , not the bureaucrats . 
   i will never forget how my countrymen 's bodies lay to rot in the ukrainian fields , while the russian president has his minions put out a litany of mutually exclusive contradictory bullshit stories to cover up what happened and blame the victims . 
  i hear you . 
  now imagine having to endure such shit for 1100 years and not going insane . 
   most estonians including me are extremely hostile towards russian immigrants , who refuse to integrate , yet in the same time extremely friendly towards whoever has adequately learned the estonian language and integrated into the estonian society . 
  that is called a one-way feedback . 
  the feedback to the other direction shows that 75-90 % of russian speaking voters in estonia vote for the party that has cooperation with the putin 's party in russia . 
  so maybe only about 10 % per one generation will integrate . 
  non-integrated would halve in 6-7 generations ( 200 years ) . 
  3 % would remain non-integrated after 1000 years . 
  democracy does not scale well . 
  neither does bureaucracy . 
  something about more manpower does not hasten project delivery . 
  there is a reason why distributed systems exist . 
  one feature of a pipe delivery system is that for as long as stuff is sifoned through , the pipe is always full . 
  greece could escape the sticking situation only if it managed to cut the flow at the turkey 's border . 
   that does n't work when migrants sink their own ships . 
  if the straits were mined , then nobody would be able to go for help . 
  the relative admission permit rates have gone up as well . 
  the illegal migrants have deconstructed estonia 's defenses , partly `` thanks '' to the kvislings from inside of estonia , partly `` thanks '' to international collaboration . 
  i am sure that the same applies to latvia . 
  we need to close up the borders and tighten our admission policies asap . 
   i was a joke ... none of the migrants even likes here . 
  it 's too cold and nobody speaks their language . 
  that is deception . 
  the reality is this : https://www.politsei.ee/dotasset/218156.pdf the numbers grow in geometrical progression . 
  according to moore 's law the number of transistors on a cpu has grown more than 1 million times in about 40 years . 
   anyone being dedicated enough to reach finland through poland and baltic states should probably be just let through on a matter of principle  nope . 
  as a matter of principle , estonia should stop such traffic . 
  so should others . 
  latvia could make an extra check on the river v\u00e4ina ( daugava ) . 
   there is no doubt that eu heads of state want the uk to reject brexit , so avoiding a political and economic crisis at a time when europe , gripped by the migration crisis , simply can not afford more disruption . 
  britain , as the world 's fifth-largest power , adds to the heft of the eu , and its pragmatism increases its diversity . 
   many are worried about the contagion of referenda spreading through europe . 
  that last one is the big one . 
  the class conflict between the establishment and the citizenry , all over europe . 
  here in estonia we call those as vw-class protected cruisers . 
  notice the professional conduct of leaving the doors open , they work as hydrofoils . 
  http://online.le.ee/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/img_20160112_134049-475x267.jpg sometimes they get stuck , the icebreaker in a distant background is coming to the rescue . 
   damn , these guys would wreak havoc on latvian sprats factory . 
  do n't worry . 
  estonian seal corps ( the 1st division in the bay of liivi and the 2nd division in the v\u00e4inameri / strait sea ) will keep latvia safe . 
  estonian seals are not trained , they are wild kelp forest brothers . 
  estonia also has a crab division somewhere in the bay of p\u00e4rnu , for backup . 
  do n't worry denmark , on the next nato mission estonia can take the danish troops under estonian troops command chain . 
  we would be glad to return the favor ;-) but the planes and tanks are by you . 
   getting some of it is not the same as having folklore ( aka , the collective conscience of a peoples ' ) relating to it . 
  balts have plenty , unlike baltic-finns . 
  http://193.219.76.12/index.php/ab/article/view/51  maybe because you 're not indo-europeans , and have different origins , different customs ? 
   claims require proof . 
  google scholar : formation of proto-finnic -- an archaeological scenario from the bronze age / early iron age , page 63 , valter lang . 
  of course , valter lang has his own educated opinion . 
  but basically what he writes ( or reiterates ) is that there was a south-western influence path along which some finnic ( or finno-ugric ) influences spread from volga - moscow - smolensk - daugavpils down the river v\u00e4ina to riga in the 2nd millennia bc and during the first centuries of the 1st millennia bc . 
  and around the same time other finno-ugric influences moved along a north-western path . 
  those north-western influences influenced the formation of proto-saami , while the south-western path influenced the formation of what today is considered as proto-finnic . 
  the volga starting area was the same , but the directions and endpoints were different . 
  at the same time a scandinavian influence spread from m\u00e4lar to svea to turku to coastal estonia and coastal livonia and up the river v\u00e4ina ( and also from oland and gotland to saaremaa and curonia and then forward ) . 
  at the time when that episode of the southern influence path operated ( 2nd and start of the 1st millennium ) , from moscow to koknese the river routes were a border between the northern finno-ugric peoples and southern baltic peoples . 
  the river trade was conducted by v\u00e4ina livonians , at least until the river crossings near podolsk and smolensk . 
  there could not have been much predominantly baltic peoples to the north of the river v\u00e4ina ( daugava ) at that point , yet . 
  also , the estonian coastal areas were agriculturally ( far ) ahead of the south-eastern balts and volga-finnics , thanks to the alvar soil tech from scandinavia - which means that estonian coastal areas had higher population densities both due to better agriculture and better access to fish and seals .
