  but those limits were raised as well . 
  so your answer is basically void . 
  that is very very limited insurance . 
  http://www.euradcom.org/ http://www.llrc.org/fukushima/ecrradvice.htm european committee on radiation risk advice on fukushima risks ecrr risk model and radiation from fukushima chris busby scientific secretary european committee on radiation risk march 19th 2011 why do you act like a `` big industry '' shill ? 
  http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/rs-japan-to-raise-worker-emergency-radiation-exposure-limits-2101154.html the limit was raised multiple times , then lowered , then increased , for good . 
  usa ( h ) as also increased `` safe radiation '' limits . 
  perhaps you can reference a science article that might be the basis for the sudden raise of `` safe radioation '' limits . 
  you know , from any actual science journal . 
  perhaps the reference is somewhere in that document you linked to . 
  for material damage ? 
  you mean when the roof starts leaking , then the insurance covers the repairs of the roof ? 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  even low-level radioactivity is damaging http://www.sc.edu/news/newsarticle.php?nid=5214#.vu14i0dzdzd the effects of natural variation in background radioactivity on humans , animals and other organisms . 
  anders p. m\u00f8ller1 , * andtimothy a. mousseau . 
  biological reviews . 
  volume 88 , issue 1 , pages 226 -- 254 , february 2013 . http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1469-185x.2012.00249.x/abstract;jsessionid=5bc4e92a9c9cc4ce2ed064299ea8c07b.d03t03 your turn . 
  that is a partial document . 
  and not a science article . 
  its quite striking you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  you see , insurance is a concept where you start making insurance payments . 
  you put some money away for the bad occasion . 
  insurance is not about not putting money away beforehand and promising to pay only after the bad occasion has happened . 
  so i ask you again , where are those insurance payments or allotments - whether statel-level or private . 
  so you do n't have any additional reference to give to support your claims ? 
  scientific debate happens within scientific articles , not within government decisions . 
  part of the scientific debate is a claim that there are no safe limits to radiation . 
   that 's only true if you define `` true conservatism '' as `` shooting people at the border , petry-style '' . 
  conservatives defending against the invaders . 
  the concept of private insurance and reinsurance ? 
  you claim that i have no idea what it is ? 
   the limit is still very concervative as claimed by the decisionmakers . 
  what makes you believe that the official accident reports would be closer to the truth ? 
  edit . 
  do you have any apparently neutral report that would contradict the one that i referenced ? 
   in fact there are areas inside the zones which would be safe to live in too deemed `` safe '' by the governments who have conveniently lifted safe limits before that . 
  so what is the insurance upper limit for the finnish reactors ? 
  and for the belgian ones ? 
  for the french ones ? 
  any upper bound estimate is conservative in the sense that the fat tail still falls outside of the estimate . 
  that insurance is not handled . 
  it has been left for the future society to pay . 
   also 850.000 km \u00b2 is an exclusions zone with a 520km radius lol . 
  the tsjernobyl and fukushima exclusion zones are 30 and 20km respectively . 
  perhaps you are unaware that mushroom picking is regulated in the baltics and in scandinavia after the chernobyl accident . 
  and that the fukushima isotope emissions have been found in lithuanian air . 
  bloomberg : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2011-10-27/fukushima-plant-may-have-emitted-double-radiation-than-estimated [ the plant north of tokyo may have also started releasing radioactive elements before the tsunami arrived about 45 minutes after the magnitude-9 quake struck , contradicting government assessments . 
  `` this early onset of emissions is interesting and may indicate some structural damage to the reactor units during the earthquake , '' according to the report . ], 
  http://www.nature.com/news/2011/111025/full/478435a.html the latest analysis also presents evidence that xenon-133 began to vent from fukushima daiichi immediately after the quake , and before the tsunami swamped the area . 
  this implies that even without the devastating flood , the earthquake alone was sufficient to cause damage at the plant . 
  http://www.japantimes.co.jp/opinion/2013/11/17/commentary/cracks-in-tepcos-311-narrative/#.vu1stedzdzc your turn . 
  http://www.lejdd.fr/economie/actualite/exclusif-jdd-le-scenario-noir-du-nucleaire-595593 you ca n't invest away all risks , thus you ca n't eliminate the need for insurance . 
  investments can only lessen the probabilities and change the impact variance . 
  that is a conservative upper bound , if you know what i mean . 
  upper bound for insurance . 
  the baltics still have over a million old soviet colonists to spread all over eu . 
  the baltics is waiting for a solidarity spread . 
  actually , eussr is surprisingly compatible with the ussr . 
  with the omission of the army . 
  the secret service is fragmented , or let 's say distributed . 
  the party is also distributed and heterogenous ( and led by worldwide elite ) , but much more virile than the soviet one . 
  the press is quite firmly under the control of the party line . 
  one more difference is that the soviet russia / ussr trended into a more lenient system since the start , while eu trends to the opposite direction . 
  we shall see about that . 
   what about option 2a : pipeline through poland and lithuania , but no fees ? 
  sure , why not . 
  with an eu consortium . 
  and with an equal price at the russian border . 
  we shall see . 
  according to a report , one nuclear meltdown in france would cost 6 trillion eur . 
  insure that with private money , and reinsure as well . 
  note that fukushima suffered damage already due to the earthquake . 
  the first radiation leaks happened before the tsunami beached . 
  europe has laacher see which tends to erupt when glaciers melt big . 
  and there is potential for megatsunamis in the atlantic ( storegga slide , canary islands , greenland , etc. ) . 
  and there are occasional strong solar storms ( 2-3 in 1000 years that would wipe out all grids ) . 
  from the referenced article : `` another point of criticism is that mandatory insurance is off the table . 
  in its report , the commission does not address the question of who is liable , and for how much , in the event of an accident at an older plant . '', 
  so , no insurance . 
  profits are privatized , costs are socialised . 
   actually it is . 
  there is no such thing as a eu joint foreign policy yet . 
  this is not a decision that the eu can make at the mement . 
  it is a matter of eu common market principles . 
  and even if there are loopholes to independent foreign policy , it should still in principle be decided at an eu level . 
  the baltic sea is a common eu sea , the use of its resources have to be planned together . 
  the fisheries certainly are planned together , the waste management is planned together , pipe planning is just another common area . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i recall that we have discussed this before . 
  there are at least 3 possible routes : 1 . 
  ukraine + ( central european countries ) 2 . 
  lithuania + poland 3 . 
  baltic sea you ca n't rationally exclude option 2 . 
  at least i 'd like you to try . 
   yes . 
  ferrari does this . 
  it is completely fine to offer different conditions to different people . 
  not in an eu common market . 
  it would be fine in the sense of being fined . 
   because it wo n't be buried in the sea bed , nord stream 2 will reduce the depth of the waterway . 
  which will prevent large ships entering poland .
