  which would mean such `` idiotic ideas '' would have the backing of the majority of citizenry . 
  any support on any other unrelated issue would not be important . 
  you are merely pointing out the design flaw of the party system . 
  those were major issues that decided the rise and fall of governments . 
   assuming that by the will you then define the opinion of the majority of the voters in said referendum you still have yet to define ` the people ' . 
  on what do you base your definition of ` the people ' ? 
  do you base it on their ethnicity , citizenship or country of residence ? 
  the citizens of a ( nation - ) state . 
   or are the people not limited to the border of a country and do we speak for the entirety of europe ? 
  you would have to and the results of individual eu member states , ie . 
  a consensus would be required . 
  or a multi-speed eu might be allowed . 
   how about their age , i mean children are still people . 
  the electorate of the citizens . 
   and even more importantly why do you choose this definition ? 
  because it is already established . 
  the alternative would be a requirement to pass a merit test before the voting happens , to make sure that the person is capable of reasoning and making decisions . 
   if you have established your definition of the people you should wonder what kind of turn-out is acceptable in a referendum to represent ` the will of the people ' . 
  because if 50 % of ` the people ' vote and 60 % vote in favour , a mere 30 % of ` the people ' have actually stated that they were in favour . 
  and again , why did you choose the turnout ? 
  the same rules should apply to the house of commons ( citizen referendums ) as does apply to the house of establishment ( parliament ) . 
  either absolute or relative majority , but equal treatment of both houses . 
   and of course also very important is to establish what a referendum should be about . 
  is it desirable that ` the people ' should have a say in any matter ? 
  yes . 
  the citizens should be able to have a say in any matter . 
  but they should not have to in all issues . 
  there might be some small exceptions regarding some nato issues , but that 's basically it . 
   areas such as public finance , fiscal policies , trade agreements and food health requirements are very complicated matters , should we leave it to the politicians and public administrators which have studied the matters into detail or should we leave it to ` the people ' regardless of their knowledge ? 
  an average citizen is at least as competent as an average politician . 
  more citizens would mean that subsample error would be smaller . 
   and one should also wonder how much freedom you would give ` the people ' in deciding about the running of the country , for example should they be able to impose a dictatorship upon themselves ? 
  direct democracy would not be allowed to ban direct democracy . 
  that rule would be the basis for the continuation of direct democracy . 
  because of gerrymandering of issues on the party level . 
  parties are for obfuscating the will of the citizenry and for enabling the bargaining between parties . 
  any such bargaining at the party level inevitably eventually violates the will of the citizenry . 
   what if 50,1 % want xyz and 49,9 do n't ? 
  is it still the will of the people ? 
  the frequency of referendums on an issue would have to be dependent on the vote dominance of the majority . 
  or one could have open electronic referendums that never stop . 
  actually it does mean just that . 
  you can either escape to another country , strive for a majority backing for your ideals or just bear it out for as long as you can . 
   would the support for the nazis by the people excuse their axtions ? 
  nope . 
  because nazis did not allow direct democracy . 
  direct democracy would not be allowed to give away direct democracy . 
   does a referendum excuse the annexation of the krim ? 
  that depends on the definition of the electorate and on the circumstances . 
  any rf troops within crimea would make any such referendum void . 
  also , maybe one should define the electorate as the current residents who have at least one direct ancestor who was a resident of crimea at the onset of wwi ( or at the time of the october revolution ) . 
  edit . 
  and of course , nothing can excuse annexation . 
  crimea could decide to become independent at first and then some decades later to become part of russia . 
  but again , the prior requirements stand : that of no present rf troops and that of the definition of the electorate . 
   are they already happening with all these refugees who have invaded , or is it like next year ? 
  that is a question for greece and germany and sweden and france . 
  all i can say is that small clashes between natives and soviet colonists in estonia were a daily matter . 
  none of the 20th century madnesses ( nor its individual actions ) were put on a referendum . 
  there are no universal rights in a limited world , nor in a universe with limiting laws of physics . 
  mostly soviets , russians and ukrainians . 
  but in recent years , the number of illegal immigrants have doubled each year . 
  the moor 's law . 
   for the first point , i was only trying to point out that referenda are subject to the same processes as general elections are . 
  the impacting processes might be similar , but the decision mandate given by the decisionmakers is entirely different . 
   as for the second , that 's a valid point of view . 
  personally , i do n't think this will work due to a number of reasons . 
   turnout would be a big one , for example , as would a limited understanding of very complex issues . 
  i suppose it is a matter of how much you trust the electorate . 
  there is no difference in understanding by politicians and the common folk . 
  if anything , common folk tend to understand better . 
  as to turnout , that is actually a plus , because it would prevent laws that have a very narrow backing . 
  also , such referendums can be carried out as electronic and the voting can remain open for eternity . 
  and one can use the two houses approach : the house of establishment and the house of commons ( the citizens ) . 
   in a perfect world , the electorate would read up on the issue from a neutral source , make up their mind on the issue and vote . 
  unfortunately we do n't live in that world . 
  neither do politicians . 
  if anything , politicians live in a virtual reality , not citizens . 
   one only needs to look at california to see how having lots of referenda can mess up public finances or frustrate the will of the people . 
  better public services ? 
  lower taxes ? 
  hell yeah , i 'll take that too !, 
  you can frame the issues as always requiring both the debit and credit side . 
  you can also frame the issues as a choice between two or more alternatives . 
   finally , the wording of the questions at a referendum matters hugely , and who would be in charge of that ? 
  both houses . 
   do n't come to europe , or you will run the rape gauntlet full of refugee rapists . 
  this specific construct is yours , not mine . 
  i would remind the incomers the first reconquista and that native europeans are efficient at accounting and `` cleansing '' . 
  efficient accounting requires literacy and good information systems and we have plenty of it here . 
  i would remind the native women that mass immigration would make running the gauntlet more frequent , perhaps as frequent as every thursday orieteering . 
   right , because if there 's one thing we learned from referenda it 's that those trying to sway the electorate are honest and neutral compared to politicians trying to get elected . 
  how is that different from all the lobby trying to sway the politicians ? 
  are you perhaps suggesting that it is easier to buy off the will of the majority of citizenry than it is to buy off the will of the majority of politicians ? 
   also , those voting in referenda always vote on the issue and never use the vote to voice their complaints on any number of unrelated issues . 
  that is an easy one - you ca n't voice your complaint at a nonrelated issue if you can have referendums on all the issues . 
  so the answer is more referendums , not less . 
  nope . 
  elections are for obfuscating the will of the citizenry . 
  only a referendum on a specific issue can reveal the true will of the citizenry on that specific issue .
