  but from your response i get that there is an establishment that wo n't allow that . 
   do you mean that the majority would have to approve of every decision before it is adopted ? 
  i mean that the house of commons only has the option to veto or nullify . 
  or to raise its own legislation . 
  by default the legislation passed by the house of establishment would become a law for as long as it wo n't be vetoed or nullified or changed by the absolute majority of the house of commons . 
  but the issues would forever remain open for voting in the house of commons . 
  for example the same sex marriage legislation would always be possible to be nullified by the house of commons . 
   much logical would be to have most issues decided by the relative majority of the parliament and the second assembly only being able to repeal a law . 
  well , that is debatable :-)  demanding the majority of the people to make a click to approve of a law is plain idiotic . 
  not necessarily , but i agree that it would make more sense for the house of commons to mostly just veto and nullify in case of need , so no requirement to give majority acceptance . 
  one ca n't understand game theory in depth without math . 
  one ca n't understand group decisionmaking without math . 
  one ca n't understand operations research without math . 
  one ca n't understand process control and public opinion without statistics and probabilities ( and sigmas are part of that knowledge ) . 
   yet an intentional use of sophisticated concepts is quite often a way to portray a better picture of one 's intelligence and i 've grown relatively distrusting of such behavior . 
  formally i do have degrees in two fields related to the society . 
  i do not claim to be an expert in all of those catchphrases . 
  but if someone claims to have no contact with binomial distribution or six sigmas or standard deviations in general , then i ca n't help but draw some conclusions ( even if my conclusions are probabilistic ) . 
   so what if they are part of the established system ? 
  it is both the coalition and the opposition - they are equal in this issue . 
  yes . 
  both the coalition and the opposition are part of the establishment . 
  which is a problem , obviously . 
   some information is definitely not public , but that 's relatively rare in parliamentary work . 
  there is official confidential information . 
  and there is unofficial information . 
   evidence ? 
  the panama leak is one . 
  there are many others . 
   actually , it 's not . 
  there are specific positions for that , plus the government , plus the media . 
  mps are not public broadcasters . 
  there is official confidential information . 
  and there is unofficial information . 
  such unofficial information is not being broadcasted publicly . 
   smartphone voting is possible , yet in every issue ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that ... with multiple houses there is no need for citizens to spend time for every issue . 
  it would be a blend between direct and representative democracy . 
  and one usually needs to find just one large blunder in legislation to decide to veto it . 
  the amount of legislation needs to be curbed , the quality of legislation needs to be raised . 
  those rules should apply the same to all the houses . 
  thus if you want the absolute majority of the citizenry , then you also have to require the absolute majority within the parliament . 
   i still think that very specific issues ( which though the eu-ukraine treaty was n't ) , only the parliament should be able to vote . 
  people know way too little on such issues or care too little about them . 
  i strongly disagree with that . 
   you are not willing to leave the decision for paet and r\u00f5ivas ( of whom neither are mps though ) , but are willing to leave the decision to hundreds of thousands of regular people , who - it is very unlikely - are any more informed on the issues than these two . 
  actually , it is very likely that the regular people are more informed on the issues and on the majority will of the citizenry than do paet and r\u00f5ivas . 
   while i agree that such a system where the populace could veto a decision would be beneficial , there would still have to be limits , like the protection or equal rights of the minorities etc. 
  nope . 
  no limits should be allowed . 
  the majority of the citizenry has to be able to decide on anything within their realm ( except the right to give up direct democracy ) . 
   furthermore , would you suggest that there be a theoretical vote in every decision ? 
  that everyone could vote against every decision ever adopted ? 
  while i agree that such an option would be possible through internet voting , would n't it still reduce the importance of that second assembly ? 
  i mean , if a huge majority of the adopted laws would fail to see any real opposition by the second assembly of people , then how would we get them to act in a theoretical situation where their vote is actually needed to stop a bad bill ? 
  if the house of the commons has the power to veto or to nullify any legislation passed by other house ( s ) , then for the house of the commons all the legislation is open for voting at any time , the issues are never closed and the voting is never closed . 
  but the result is called if the majority of the citizens have given their vote to one option . 
  if some of the citizens decide to change their vote and the majority decision changes , then so be it . 
  it would also require that any legislation would have to define its own rollback , just as is defined with other types of transactions . 
  uninteresting issues wo n't get the majority of votes from citizens . 
   i am not claiming the representatives are so much more intelligent , i am saying they are more within the system ... you can say that twice . 
  ;-) they are part of the establishment system . 
   ... and they are more informed on the issues on the table do you recall the theory about perfectly operating markets only with full open access to all the information ? 
  well , some markets require that and some do n't . 
  but your admission clearly indicates that quite a lot of information is not public . 
  private information is being traded with , for the benefit of the rich . 
   ... through parliamentary meetings , through work in parliament commissions , through information provided by the party leadership etc. 
  it 's their job to be informed . 
  no , it is their job to inform the citizenry , not to keep that information private . 
   if we get involved , then we need to get informed on our spare time , which at least most of us will never do , unless the issue is hot and important enough . 
  there are ways to lower transaction costs for decisionmaking and voting . 
   literally impossible . 
  an individual citizen does not even have to raise a finger . 
  there are helmets on the market that can read your thought decision . 
  smartphone voting is a bit less futuristic . 
  well , that just shows the limited education provided by those fields . 
  no process control . 
  no math or statistics or probabilities . 
  no game theory - no social contract . 
  in short - nothing useful for democracy . 
  however , the house of the establishment would have to follow the majority rule as well - no relative majority voting wins any more . 
   how about the new bill to change the dates on fishing limits ? 
  absolutely !, 
  the citizenry should be able to legislate and veto on such issues , given that the majority of the citizenry vote for one solution , not just the majority of those who voted . 
   and how about how many chemicals can be in your drinking water in order for it to be safe to drink ? 
  yes , that as well . 
  i would not leave that decision for any paet or any r\u00f5ivas . 
   and we have exactly the same amount of time to learn about these issues as the mps . 
  one does not necessarily exclude the other . 
  many political systems employ two houses . 
  in this case the citizenry would act as just another house of the commons , mostly to veto or to nullify in case the house of the establishment has not followed the will of the majority of the citizenry . 
   it 's not fraud ... that 's how democracy has always worked ... representative democracy is an oxymoron , especially in case of lack of continuous checks ( and corrections ) on how well the will of the majority of the citizenry is followed by the politicians . 
   we need to understand that not every person is intelligent , they are usually easily manipulated by empty promises . 
  who are the ` we ' ? 
  swarm intelligence is good enough for the society , thus you ca n't really hide behind the claim of `` mostly individually moron '' . 
   that 's why representative democracy is better than a direct democracy - at least the representatives of those unintelligent people are intelligent enough to cooperate with . 
  the `` representatives '' are not really above average intelligent . 
  they have special skills - like sociopathy - and they know more about legislation loopholes aka trade secrets . 
   and it is important to note that not all the people have the power anyways , that would be impossible . 
  it is quite possible for all the people to have the power .
