  the radical option would be to give the city of narva ( with all the local russians ) to russia , that way one would get rid of 40 % of russians in ida-virumaa in one stroke . 
  but narva people would not want to become part of russia anyway , thus if they moved elsewhere to estonia then that act would have been moot . 
  estonians do not want to move to ida-virumaa mostly because of the oil shale mining and because of the mainly russian language environment there . 
  perry gives so much insight . 
  / s putin tried to create a donbas in north-east estonia in 1993 . 
   you 're regurgitating the very thinking that sought to stamp out the baltic cultures . 
  the blood tribalism that saw anything not like it to be undermined and replaced . 
  not at all . 
  nation state does not require striving for ethnic purity . 
  it requires keeping ethnic dominance . 
  and for keeping it , one needs relatively strong purity , like 95 % purity would be good . 
  immigrants have to assimilate themselves with the natives , over many generations . 
  it is not the task for natives , it is the task for immigrants . 
   the call of the bone not of the mind . 
  the call of the common mind can only arise from a long coexperience . 
   you 're not just admitting you 're an animal , even the thinkers admitted that . 
  oh , finno-ugrians are not just animals , we are much more , we are animists . 
  animals and natural objects ( subjects ) are our companions :p  but they saw us as an animal reaching for godhood , while you 'd have us settle to dig around in the dirt and throw our shit at each other . 
  humans have to co-exist within local biotopes . 
  anything else is pure fantasy . 
   you 'd be , for example , extremely confused in scotland . 
  you might be describing latvia . 
  the point being that a destroyed / pierced nation state is a mess . 
   and to see someone else 's `` ancient and peaceful past '' laid out to me so easily with little care is tragic . 
  estonia 's confederal past was not entirely peaceful . 
  the whole point of the alliance ( in fact the whole point of forming the counties from smaller parishes ) was to defend from outside attacks . 
  estonian confederation was a bit like eu today - mostly a common market alliance and less of a military alliance , except our confederation did not have the equivalent brussels or moscow ( raikk\u00fcla was just a gathering spot , quite neutral place ) . 
  however , in case of outside military attacks , our alliance put their forces together ( although it often took time to get to the agreement ) . 
   the west had multiple ethnicities amalgamating under singular nations . 
  the colonialism and imperialism , yes . 
  the british empire on the british isles is/was not a nation state , it was an empire . 
  scotland or wales would be a nation state . 
   the baltics , which seems he is from , have a rather touchy subject since russian nationalism disguised under the soviet union tried to homogenise the countries out of existence . 
  so he mirrors the conflict . 
  the baltics were nation states between wwi and wwii . 
  estonia was a confederation of counties from 0 ad to 1200 ad , a bit like the roman era germanic 100-kingdoms . 
  except much less than 100 and they were peaceful among themselves . 
  so in case of estonia , a long-standing alliance of counties formed the nation and nation state . 
   the west had multiple ethnicities amalgamating under singular nations . 
  the colonialism and imperialism , yes . 
  the british empire on the british isles is/was not a nation state , it was an empire . 
  scotland or wales would be a nation state . 
   this is absolutely counter to the emergence of the national state . 
  maybe i was too relaxed with `` national state '' and `` nation state '' . 
  i meant `` nation state '' . 
   and peoples of same ethnic grouping were excluded if they resided outside the nation . 
  that would be because they resided outside of the local region and/or they were not natives there . 
  finnic peoples have been more `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' than any western european could imagine . 
  does not mean though that one should abandon `` travail , famille , patrie '' . 
   living fossils intent on creating stagnant pools of mythologised self-images as the future crests above them . 
  mass migrations turn local biotopes and ecotopes into fossils . 
  estonians and balts are quite familiar with those , they come out of local oil shale and limestone deposits and of sea amber . 
  individuals do not matter as much as biotopes and ecotopes . 
  humans are pack animals . 
  individuals consume the services of a society . 
   the people who conceptualised the nation had bigger plans than the petty tribalism you set on ... 
  it would be naive to believe that a concept of a nation could be invented . 
  it can only be reinvented . 
  tribalism is the fallback in case nationalism fails . 
  internationalism ca n't prevail in any possible future scenario . 
  i agree . 
  the other side of komintern must be driven out of power for good . 
   all the destructive tribalism if you deny nationalism a chance , then you will get tribalism . 
  it is simply how the laws of nature operate . 
  there is simply no way internationalism would become all-pervasive . 
  assimilating ( russifying ) siberians and tatars ( and other native peoples ) in russia is not nationalism , it is colonialism and chauvinism . 
  during the later stages of assimilation it might be called patriotism . 
  only the final stage would be nationalism - after all the native peoples have effectively been eradicated or assimilated . 
   modern society was founded on the enlightenment idea that we all can govern ourselves as a nation to the betterment of each other under a social contract . 
  upkeeping a social contract is possible only in a coherent state . 
  only nation states provide such stability , switzerland is a confederation and usa and canada are too young to tell . 
   there 's plenty wrong with ethnic nationalism . 
  which says that your nation is picked at birth , your identity is predestined ... each individual can decide on their own , but they would also need acceptance from the new nation . 
   your loyalty is expected ... that is expected regardless of the state type . 
   disagreement with the ` national ethos ' is being a traitor ... 
  disagreement by itself would not be . 
  but actively working against the prime goal of the nation state to upkeep native culture might be seen as treason . 
   and if you 're foreign you 'll never be part of the nation ... all nation states give citizenship . 
  even japan and south korea . 
  but those who are given citizenship are expected not to rock the boat , in fact they are expected to be ideal nationalists ( or patriots ) . 
  having conquests in ethiopia or egypt is not about nationalism . 
  those are very anglo-american definitions , colonial i might add . 
  international world does not know patriot states , but national states are well known . 
  so what are those creatures ? 
  national states have a `` dominating '' native etnos , the highest goal of such a state is to keep the native language and native culture within that native land , while trying not to hurt non-natives . 
  however , if non-natives would prove to be a threat for the natives , then a conflict of some sort would arise . 
   nationalism is intrinsically a cause of war and imperialism . 
  nope . 
  that would be imperialism and colonialism and chauvinism , not nationalism . 
  why ? 
  because native peoples become fused with their local biotope , anywhere else they would morph into something different ( into australians for example ;-) ) and native peoples by their very nature are conservative and if possible try to resist unnecessary change . 
  assimilating other peoples in other countries would again cause change among the assimilators , thus that would not be nationalism . 
  estonians and finns are fierce nationalists , yet there have never been war between estonians and finns . 
  yet , what might be the difference between patriotism and nationalism and populism ? 
  i think of it this way that populism is a situation where the establishment in a representative democracy fakes following the will of citizenry , while going about their own aims . 
  in that case , nationalism would be a direct democracy in a national state , or that in a representative democracy the establishment truly would follow the will of the citizenry ( and the citizenry would have levers to enforce their will if necessary ) . 
  and patriotism would be something similar to nationalism , except it happens in a multinational state on its way of becoming a national state . 
   but what i wrote is common sense for anyone who lived in the region and not inside a bubble . 
  what you wrote is far from common sense . 
   are you honestly arguing that the average ee citizen is as familiar with people from outside europe as one from the west ?
