  one could always use the many houses approach , in that case the majority of the citizenry would have the power to veto or nullify any legislation passed by the parliament . 
  the majority of the citizenry , not the majority of those who voted . 
  there is a very slim probability that we are dealing with a democratic system within the eu . 
  the probability of democracy in europe is outside of the six sigma - which would be a great process control achievement for those adamant on preventing democracy . 
  it only tastes bad with excess ( artificial ) fertilizers or if the potato has seen too much sunlight . 
  otherwise , a raw potato tastes sweet and delicious . 
  my opinions are well founded . 
  some by ( edit  binomial tests . 
  check my prior posts . 
  such is life . 
  if one has universal rights to live , then one does not have universal rights to multiply . 
  if one has universal rights to multiply , then one does not have universal rights to live . 
  it is quite simple really , it is the physical laws of the universe . 
  in 1900 ad , there were less syrians living in syria than there were estonians living in estonia . 
  today , there are 25x more syrians living in syria than there are estonians living in estonia . 
  those who are not in balance with their local native biotope have no universal right to live . 
  you are missing the whole point , which is to limit migrations to a certain share of local native population , because integration and assimilation only works with very small immigration numbers - think in the order of 1/1000 or 1/10000 annually with respect to the native peoples within every dimension of the society , for eu that would be about 45 000 up to 0,45 million annually from outside of the eu and a large share of even those immigrants would have to be 60 + pensioners . 
  you are trying to create a market with unlimited supply of bads , except the natives do not want such a market . 
  overshooting migration inevitably leads to a civil war which could last for centuries . 
  the wording was such that the local establishment left their options open whether to adhere to the will of the citizenry or to the will of brussels establishment . 
  formally the local establishment agreed to a one-time voluntary effort within a voluntary scope , not to any quotas . 
  it is all about semantics . 
  do n't worry sweden , estonia will make sure that latvia will continue to remain without a single island . 
  the most successful force against the bolsheviks in 1919 was the estonian army . 
  poles were nowhere to be seen . 
  some finns helped estonians . 
  all the bolshevik western front reserves were waisted against the estonian army . 
  the effects of the current eu breaking up would be overly positive , for nothing else due to less costs on handling mass immigration . 
  the current brussels can not be reformed . 
  within the eu , brussels reforms you - for worse . 
  a new confederate eu would have to emerge , without any power center . 
   possibly some baltic states all agreed to the quota plan last year actually none of them agreed to any kind of a quota plan . 
  read my lips : no quotas . 
  has been the official position of the baltic states . 
  of course , the local establishment can always change their storyline if persuaded with a hefty compensation . 
  shaq attack !, 
  eat them raw and stay fit . 
  tastes better as well . 
  there seem to be a lot of daily propaganda articles floating around in different eu member states that all push the same agenda - that of mandatory sharing of immigrants . 
  there is an industry of production of agenda articles . 
  the class conflict between the establishment and the citizenry . 
  iela ~ = jala = jalg noun declension for ` jalg ' is as : jalg - jala - jalga . 
  the verb for walking is ` jalutama ' . 
  the childish noun for a football game is ` jalka ' . 
  anyway , the proof should be in the history ( if there is proof ) . 
  riga was a livonian town for quite some time , so if those street names with ` iela ' can be dated back to the 13-14th century , then the livonian origin still looks probable . 
  with politicians i would n't be so sure . 
   most germans have no idea about fiscal policy so why the hell should they have a say in it ? 
  neither do most politicians . 
  and not even economists . 
  a funny note , ` iela ' in latvian language means ` street ' , but ` jala ' in estonian language means ` leg ' ( e : or `` by foot '' ) . 
  there are `` pikk jalg '' ( long leg street ) and `` l\u00fchike jalg '' ( short leg street ) streets in old tallinn - those are among the oldest streets in tallinn and likely predate the danish conquest during the crusades . 
  so i 'd guess that the latvian ` iela ' has some connection to livonian language . 
  there are earthquakes and tsunamis in europe . 
  and will be again . 
  the megatsunamis of the atlantic ocean . 
  the storegga slide . 
  the laacher see . 
  the kaali meteorite impact caused a minitsunami within the bay of livonia . 
  also , a super-carrington event arrives about once every 4 centuries or so . 
  are n't there lodja cruises up and down the suur emaj\u00f5gi near tartu ? 
  light blue is the median at present . 
  but given the distribution , light blue might be a transitory state from one extreme to another . 
  then again , one should not assume that change would only happen in one direction . 
  and on the other hand , light blue might become the mainstream . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage#/media/file:world_marriage-equality_laws.svg in statistical terms , the median position is the light blue . 
  both white and dark blue would be extremal . 
   uhh what ? 
  extremism is a very well defined term in a political context and you 're not adding anything to the discussing by making up your own meaning and claiming everyone who does not agree with the majority automatically becomes an extremist . 
  if you continue to show lack of understanding of mathematical concepts ( that of measurement base or measurement scale ) then i am afraid that you can stick to your politics while i can stick to math and logic . 
  extremism is not something that can be defined outside of any statistical notion . 
  it is also flawed to believe that the scope of extremism would be stable in time . 
   that has to be the most farfetched and bizarre comparison i 've seen for a very long time . 
  `` the end justifies the means '' . 
  merkel has repeatedly stated that she will not make compromises on this issue . 
  and juncker has had some interesting statements as well . 
  also note that digenisakritas asked for wannabes . 
  whether they become the real thing remains to be seen . 
  that merely shows that an n-dimensional domain ca n't be reduced into one dimension . 
  actually they did that as well . 
   does that make the polish government extremist because they do not allow gay marriage/partnership which most eu member states do ? 
  assuming that your claim would be correct ( there are actually many different levels of acceptance ) then in respect to such a group of states - yes , poland would be extremist . 
  it is a statistical concept . 
   does it make the united states extremist because they have the death penalty ? 
  compared to the eu or more widely to the west ? 
  yes . 
   your measurement of extremism is absolutely arbitrary . 
  any measurement has a base and thus is inherently arbitrary . 
  you should know that . 
  a politician could be mainstream in respect of the establishment of eu states , yet be extremist in respect to the will of the majority of citizens in most eu countries . 
  the establishment and the mass media are apparently working in tandem . 
  the skewed results are just one indication of the overton window approach . 
   yes , she is n't . 
  if moderates are suddenly extremist to you , maybe you are n't as much of a moderate as you believe ? 
  merkel is extremist by the fact that most eu member states are against her position in migration issues . 
  that is a statistical fact . 
  merkel is extremist also in the belief that open borders should come first - that is a physical extremism . 
   this centre is looking to combat an extremist political leaning that has taken dozens of lives ... 
  such as ? 
  you need to understand that to be in center is not about self-designation .
