  with two nordstream pipes kremlin would have two blowup opportunities to take down at least two most valuable ( edit : naval ) assets of nato trying to come to the rescue of the baltics . 
  i find the ` they ' and ` us ' separation quite persistent to change of times . 
  there is a difference between land rent and land purchase . 
  sort of like citizens technically never buy land from the state , they buy the permit to use it according to state regulations . 
  what the colonists bought , was `` land use '' limited to restrictions . 
  the legal interpretation would have had been based on native american judicial practice or by an impartial broker , say , from the amazon rain forests . 
  the land was the property of the native collective , not the property of any chief . 
  it is similar to nowadays where you would need a referendum to make changes to the constitution . 
  native american tribes in north america always had tribal councils and other collective organisations for making such decisions . 
  checks and balances , you know . 
  the chief could not decide on such matters . 
  if the majority of the citizens vote for a wall , then let there be a wall . 
  if the majority of the citizens vote for no wall , let there be no wall . 
  citizens do have the right to change their mind and decision , do n't they ? 
  indeed . 
  there is rationale behind such german behavior - a selfish rationale , devoid of eu solidarity . 
  vsjoo nashe , as russians would say . 
   it 's because said troops have been there for so long germans can , and do , take them for granted ( just as they take their own military for granted ) . 
  but that does not explain the fud aimed at poland and the baltics . 
   colonies were only established with the consent of native authorities which kind of authorities ? 
  in which country could a prime minister or a president single-handedly write off most of its lands to a foreign power ? 
  i am sure that one could find many bums in new york who would sell the big apple for one bottle of vodka and a handful of glass beads . 
  i always find it amusing that germans love to bash us troops in germany , yet germans would never wish those us troops to leave germany to poland or to the baltics . 
  even the current fud directed at the former mrp victim states seems to be for the sole reason to keep the us troops in germany . 
  edit . 
  must be the famed german logic . 
  yes , but on viking ships we have agreed to speak baltic-finnic ( livonian ) . 
   the west as a whole has become so brainwashed by their own successes and arrogance they can not fathom an outside enemy . 
  not the west . 
  the establishment of the west . 
  easter is the time when migratory birds arrive from the south - fresh meat and eggs . 
  also , the baltic sea ice was largely gone between saaremaa and sweden / denmark by the easter , so the time was ripe for viking some fresh maidens from scandinavia . 
  a new start , so to speak . 
  funny that , in estonian language , the verb ` to impregnate ' is `` eostama '' . 
  and the ` spore ' is `` eos '' . 
  edit . 
  and the ` dawnbreak / dawn + light ' is `` ao + valgus '' . 
  the old word for ` dawn ' is `` agu '' . 
  the finnish for ` dawn / morning ' is `` aamu '' . 
   if repression and carpet bombing were effective in stamping out a hateful ideology , it would have happened many years ago . 
  they tried that on the nazis . 
  did n't work out ? 
  like komintern and soros . 
   the point of my argument was that nuclear power is not outdated . 
  that is debatable . 
  if we define outdated as post-peak-nuclear fission , then it might as well be outdated if it were past the peak . 
   it 's hardly outdated when it produces enormous amounts of power and generates no pollution . 
  nuclear produces nasty pollution for eons . 
  coal mining releases radioactive isotopes , nuclear ( fission ) industry produces other isotopes from existing ones . 
   solar power can not produce the same amount of power in the same physical space . 
  the market for concentrated power is fairly limited and often detrimental . 
   uranium is plentiful enough to the point where it could be considered renewable ... not with current tech . 
  you would need to harvest bacteria harvesting uranium in the wild . 
  but that also tends to spoil the groundwater . 
   it can even be recovered from seawater . 
  and what are the full life-cycle costs for using that ? 
   solar panels and wind turbines ca n't provide the same scale of power without taking up a massive amount of space , and being disruptive to wildlife . 
  every bird migration between north and south has millions of casualties because of humans hunting them . 
  and there have been tens of thousands of windmills in europe and asia since 2000 years ago . 
  one household needs solar space that can be mounted on the roof and walls . 
  yes , i might have been too conservative ( pun intended :-) . 
  internationalists are the evil boogeymen , have been for the last 100 + years . 
  the problem is that the establishment are part of the internationalists . 
  in forest management , usually only about 10-20 % of the planted trees grow up into half-grown trees . 
  the rest either die off or will be thinned out before 50 % growth . 
  as far as i know , not a single new coal plant project has been started in germany since fukushima , 2011 . 
  many projects have been shelved or canceled or terminated . 
  the few coal plants that have been opened were started before fukushima . 
  wottsupwiththat is a great site : http://wottsupwiththat.com/?s=coal&amp;submit=search, 
  so how about that 6 trillion eur insurance that every reactor should have from private insurance sector + private sector reinsurance ? 
  for bolsheviks , in 1917 , socialists were far right . 
  the same principle applies also to forest fires and earthquakes . 
  such military conflicts were likely fought over a trade network monopoly . 
  maybe fur trade . 
  or amber . 
  if it were a colonization event , then the dead fighters would have been more regionally local . 
  traders moved around and thus could have had varied diet as well ( hence the varied isotopes ) . 
  an old-european hansa league . 
  not everybody can be saudi arabia . 
  somebody has to buy for some others to get rich selling raw materials . 
  r\u00f5ivas notes the high level of education among estonian youth , unfortunately he does not show high skills himself . 
  just an example , if finland at present has 2,5 x higher gdp per capita than does estonia , then catching up in 15 years would mean an annual development difference of 1,063 x ( ie . 
  all that while local burning of oil-shale would have to decrease at at least 6 % annually to be able to comply with the main goal of the copenhagen climate accord . 
  and the means how r\u00f5ivas tries to achieve all that ? 
  give the estonian oil-shale industry some tax breaks . 
  pacifism is a pure strategy , thus it is flawed . 
  of course , one could use mind games and hypnotism to even the playground . 
  you can whip your missus any time in a finnic sauna with a birch sauna whisk . 
  and she will thank you . 
  the success of any approach should be measured on a low birth rate . 
  war is a game . 
  wars are iterated games . 
  example : propagation of strategies in the game of iterated prisoner 's dilemma . 
  verdun was pretty invincible . 
  or any other island in the middle of the atlantic or indian or pacific ocean . 
   and is that a bad thing ? 
  such a strategy is good only to the extent that it brings about desired outcomes . 
  one rarely gets to play a game where a pure strategy is a dominant strategy . 
  a mixed strategy requires one to change its behavior from time to time . 
  nato was the first option because east european states knew that militarily ( and mentally ) eu is a whimp .
