  nato as an alliance is like a confederation . 
  one could interpret it this way that it takes about 4000 years of residence to become a native . 
  it seems snow is sneaking in from the west this year , via the lake effect . 
  hiiumaa is already covered : http://www.ilmateenistus.ee/ilm/ilmavaatlused/sademed/ rutgers still shows no snow in lithuania : http://climate.rutgers.edu/snowcover/chart_daily.php?ui_year=2015&amp;ui_day=361&amp;ui_set=0, 
  it is just one campaign in the ongoing culture wars . 
  i 'd gather that the ` west ' has had some pyrrhic victories . 
  `` nuclear is the future '' not before it gets proper full insurance and reinsurance . 
  some say that the geographical center of europe is in lithuania . 
  incidentally lithuanians have also the highest share of autosomal whg ( west-eurasian hunter-gatherer ) , besides estonians , that is . 
  you mean from nasa ? 
  correct me if i am wrong , but just as there is no reactor with full insurance , there is no reactor ( and spent fuel ) that has been fully decommissioned . 
  thus there are no examples of full lifecycle costs . 
  that dam would have to span the whole of denmark and then some . 
  also long dams are usually shallow , while high dams are usually narrow . 
  one would have to create a dune about a kilometer wide or maybe more . 
  maybe 10 km3 of dam material . 
  eventually tallinn will sink as well . 
  our new capital will be relocated back to kunda or more likely haljala or rakvere or tapa . 
  pandivere will be the new saaremaa . 
  and otep\u00e4\u00e4 highlands will be a separate island ( like modern-day muhu ) , barely connected to the mainland - the haanja highland . 
  sakala highlands will be the new hiiumaa . 
  and valga / valka will go under as well . 
  the baltic duchy . 
  the modern equivalent of abkhasia . 
  finland wanted it , but did n't get it . 
  germany wanted it for the baltics , but did n't get it . 
  von der goltz got beaten by estonians . 
  also , read this : http://robertscribbler.com/2015/07/14/at-least-20-75-feet-of-sea-level-rise-already-locked-in-putting-climate-centrals-surging-seas-into-context/ sea levels will rise and riga will drown eventually . 
  so will sosnovyi bor and the sillam\u00e4e waste pool and the paldiski nuclear site . 
  and pretty much all nuclear sites near the coastline . 
  which means that all the reactors have to be decommissioned and relocated before that or it will be left for the oceans and seas . 
  and then there is the threat of super-carrington events . 
  you could have a win-win situation by giving valka back to estonia :-), 
  how about insurance ? 
  i have yet to read of a nuclear reactor with full insurance from private insurance companies and with reinsurance as well . 
  one nuclear accident in europe would cost 6 trillion eur . 
  multiple accidents might have exponential costs . 
  edit . 
  oh , and the river is called v\u00e4ina :-) do the citizens of latvia have enough reserves to cover 6 trillion eur for damages ? 
  and would they like to find it out only after the accident ? 
  tallinn from bestonia ups that to +11.6 c. 
  a small place named korela even unofficially recorded +12.8 c. 
  the opposite to the current eu austerity has to be 6 % annual budget surplus , because the current eu austerity is running a 6 % budget deficit . 
  part of the reason might be population density . 
  canada has a relatively sparse population , so whenever you shoot , you are less likely to hit someone . 
  estonia is not represented . 
  http://xgis.maaamet.ee/knravalik/ gives the following : 1 . 
  forest road / street 2 . 
  park road / street 3 . 
  school road / street 4 . 
  field road / street but the most common occurrence is actually ` maantee ' ie . 
  `` land road '' , it is a classifier . 
  it is theoretically possible to open an outwards opening door with a roundhouse kick , though . 
   apparently literacy is n't equatable to historic fact . 
  you know very well that serfs were n't property and could n't have been sold . 
  actually there were many kinds of lower casts . 
  some were sold together with land , some were sold separately . 
  there was literate property and it was being sold , cheaply . 
   so they get all the power but none of the responsibility ? 
  who ? 
  both houses get both the power and responsibility . 
  but the house of commons is eventually supreme ( although not necessarily on first vote ) . 
    you can , if that set of conditions is framed as one alternative . 
   so you rely on the people writing the questions to guess what the people want beforehand . 
  the house of establishment can give their alternatives . 
  citizens can gather support for their alternatives . 
  the best of the best shall be put on a referendum . 
   in addition , there are thousands of these variants on the issue . 
  you need one for every condition or anddition , and then more for every combination of potential amendments . 
  it is really no different from the way politicians do it nowadays . 
  only more openly and more inclusively . 
    daily policy ? 
  what kind of policy is that ? 
  that is not policy , it is management . 
   most legislation is management and dealing with practical developments , not spectacular ethical dilemma 's . 
  deal with it . 
  i disagree . 
  daily policy is not a policy . 
  it is management , which is not legislation . 
    anyway , with two houses ( establishment and commons ) , the citizenry always have the option to intervene , but they do n't have to . 
   you mean , like representative democracy works now already ? 
  perhaps in switzerland . 
  not anywhere else , any more . 
   no , impossible . 
  that potentially gives a three-way divided vote and still does n't resolve the problem . 
  there are always solutions to the problem . 
  think of preference voting , not of single vote voting . 
   but you see the weakness of referenda : you already need to have identified the right solution beforehand , in order to make it possible to vote for it . 
  clearly the people who select the options have the real power . 
  some fish species manage to implement preferential voting in real life and you are telling me that humans are not capable of it . 
  if a better option pops up later on , then the house of commons could always overturn or change its own decision . 
   another example : option a : raise taxes with 5 % ; option b : raise taxes with 10 % . 
  you see how easy it is to manipulate the outcome ? 
  there is always the option to keep the current state of affairs . 
  also , without an explanation of the cause , i doubt that any citizen would vote for either option . 
  because the citizens want direct democracy , not the old anti-establishment new establishment parties . 
  edit . 
  also because many of the anti-establishment parties have been seeded by the establishment parties . 
  that actually also happened with the peoples fronts in soviet republics in the late 1980s , many if not all seeded by the kgb . 
  only in some ssrs the people managed to overtake those parties from the inside .
