  ken binmore and many others would argue a lot . 
   if they create a shitty law against the will of the parliament , then why should the parliament be disbanded ??? 
  in case of conflict between the two houses . 
  remember , i suggested that bills would have to get an accept from the house of establishment as well . 
   why ? 
  why ?? 
  because of equal treatment . 
   nevermind , i thought you could actually answer a question , not work around it . 
  why the house of establishment ? 
  why not ? 
  it suits them . 
  if it bothers you , then it can be put up in a referendum . 
   only in british political terms alien to this part of the world . 
  i was trying to convey an analogy of two houses , thus it should not seem alien . 
   then what the hell do you mean by `` probability of democracy '' ? 
  i do n't think the latter is an actual concept . 
  the probability that the establishment follows the probabilistic will of the citizenry . 
   right and wrong are not subjects of popular vote . 
  that depends on the context . 
  but we were discussing about your `` reality '' . 
  if you ever want to show that your `` reality '' is common to most of the citizenry , then the only way for that is through a referendum . 
  it is not just about `` parliamentary process '' , parliament is just one way to handle such decisionmaking . 
  the reality is that there is a class conflict between the citizenry and the establishment . 
  not just in estonia , not just in every eu member state . 
  the conflict is global , perhaps even universal . 
   your problem is that you only see quantitative reasons behind everything . 
  yet another , qualitative parameter exists as well and you utterly fail to recognize that . 
  oh , i realize very well what and how the establishment operates . 
  they ( establishment ) go against every scientific field there is . 
  systematically . 
   nope , not one way . 
  but definitely not the way you suggested either . 
  i did not suggest any one way in particular , even though you desperately demanded one to reject one . 
  i was right . 
   first , could you please explain in simple words , what is binominal distribution ? 
  just count the referenda , for chrissake . 
   because democracy = / = majority rule let 's have a referendum on that . 
  each year and every season . 
   democracy encompasses a lot of qualitative ideas , like equal treatment , human rights , rule of law etc. 
  you are playing the oracle again . 
    majority voting would have to be used in both houses . 
   yet , why ? 
  why ?? 
  because the same reasoning would apply to both of the houses . 
   establishment is an often used concept . 
  yet `` house of establishment '' instead of the riigikogu or the parliament just portrays your apparent subjectivity on the issue . 
  the house of lords ca n't apply because in estonia the representatives are n't formally chosen based on a social class . 
   and why house of commons ? 
  because citizenry are the commons . 
  and because it would suggest a similar approach to the two legislative bodies . 
   why do you so boldly use these names ? 
  because ` establishment ' is an established concept . 
  i want to establish it some more . 
   if the the `` house of commons '' adopts a shitty law , which creates a legal conflict , then the parliament should be disbanded ? 
  well , yes . 
  one task of the parliament is to aid the house of commons in decisionmaking , not to obfuscate or obstruct it . 
  also note that i used the word ` repeatedly ' . 
   parties are partial ? 
  yes , in more than one sense . 
   they represent the ideas of the people and are therefore good for the system . 
  you are using demagoguery . 
  all ideas are ideas of the people . 
  even stalin 's and hitler 's ideas were ideas of the people . 
  what matters is which ideas have the backing of the majority of the citizenry . 
   which industrial district are the main factories ? 
  those with the most money and most power . 
    same-sex legislation . 
   an utterly good idea . 
  here you are playing the oracle on behalf of the majority of citizenry . 
   that 's what the government claimed . 
  i am fine with that , why are n't you ? 
  you are specifically choosing to believe a propaganda newspaper and its conspiracy theories . 
  estonian procurement registry should have records for those goods and service purchases . 
  the claims of the government are meaningless without similar ( independent ) claims from the registry . 
   i fear how easily manipulated the masses are . 
  are you talking from personal experience ? 
  so why does the polling stats show that the will of the citizenry and the will of the establishment within the 28 eu states are statistically significantly different ? 
  not so easily manipulated , eh ? 
  have you already seen the new eu financed propaganda videos that were published today ? 
  and now read this : parliament advocates a centralised eu asylum system and legal ways to migrate : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/20160407ipr21773/parliament-advocates-a-centralised-eu-asylum-system-and-legal-ways-to-migrate pretty neat timing , is n't it ? 
   i fear that you want people deciding on issues they have no knowledge about . 
  if the majority of the citizenry decides to vote for one option , then that is the will of the highest power . 
  in all other cases parliament would work as usual . 
  you are fearmongering . 
  fear !, 
  fear !, 
  fear !, 
   if we hire specialists to do deciding for us in private matters , then why do you want to involve the masses to make every decision . 
  we can still hire specialists . 
  but one should always have to have the option to take back all decisionmaking rights . 
   it is a horribly unintelligent solution . 
  more fud . 
   no there is not , the establishment is not carved in stone and the public chooses a new establishment every four years . 
  more demagoguery . 
  on average , only 50 % of representatives change in one election . 
  and not because of lack of effort from the voters . 
  the parties remain in 90 + % of cases . 
  the parties are part of the establishment , individual representatives are meaningless . 
   that exists in parliament as well ... 
  it does not .
