  south scandinavian areas had even higher densities . 
  which means that what came from the volga area was a pull factor , not a push factor , likely most of the influences spread via multicultural merchants and the few people that migrated got integrated quickly . 
  now , my interpretation is that what came from the volga at that time was just new linguistic upgrades , that livonia and estonia ( and likely also svea ) even before that were already uralic and that is the reason why the finnic language prevailed in estonia and livonia . 
  as to the 50 % baltic-finnics in the baltics at the start of the iron age , if you consider all of latvia to the east of river v\u00e4ina ( daugava ) as finnic and then consider 1/2 of latvia to the west of river v\u00e4ina as also finnic , then you will get about 50 % of the baltics as finnic and the other 50 % as linguistically baltic . 
  does not even have to consider any lingering finnic presence in lithuanian coastal areas to get to that 50 % . 
  of course , if we were to also consider prussia and northern half of belarus as part of the baltic linguistical area ( and would not consider the influence of setos ) , then that might tilt the scales in favor of the proto-baltic . 
  edit . 
  a musing . 
  latvian vidzeme , means a median or middle or central land . 
  in livonian and estonian languages it is called viidumaa . 
  at first glance does not ring a bell . 
  but actually there is a linguistical connection , `` silmad vidukil '' means `` eyes squinting / half open '' , so ` vidu / viidu ' has a similar meaning in finnic dialects as well ( the old form of `` squinted '' might have been ` vidusel ' ) . 
  there is also a toponym in saaremaa , viidum\u00e4e ( central hill ) , which incidentally is the highest point of saaremaa which as part of a hill ridge rose from the baltic sea about 7500 years ago . 
  http://flood.firetree.net/?ll=58.3967,22.3898&amp;zoom=10&amp;m=50 edit2 . 
  vidzeme used to be inhabited by finnic ( lets say livonian ) speaking peoples before the baltic language spread there . 
  so to whom was that region a middle land and in what sense ? 
  vidzeme upland also contains the highest point of latvia , which had to be the first point in the region that got free of the glacier / ice lake waters . 
  the northern area to this vidzeme / middle land had to be the uplands in estonia , haanja in particular ( and otep\u00e4\u00e4 and pandivere behind that ) . 
  and the other end was something in lithuania or in western latvia . 
  so if we consider bronze age finnics , then the other end was curonia . 
  but if we consider epipaleolithic swiderians , then the other end was either \u017demaitija / curonia or auk\u0161taitija upland in lithuania . 
   is amber a common element in baltic-finnic folklore ? 
  not really it is , actually . 
  saaremaa coasts get some of it . 
  but again it is open to interpretation . 
   they had the same customs , garments as the germanic peopledoes this apply to baltic-finnic people ? 
  why the hell not ? 
  why should a saaremaa person be any different from a gotlander or a svea ? 
   no , look up his description of the fenni ah !, 
  the typical mistake of indo-europeans . 
  finns are quite atypical baltic-finnics . 
  most of the baltic-finnics lived to the south of the bay of finland until the livonian war . 
  at least half of the population in the baltics ( estonia , latvia , lithuania ) spoke baltic-finnic as recently as the start of the iron-age . 
   and that they spoke a language similar to the celts and germanics i mean , do i even need to ask if this applies to baltic-finns ? 
  estonians speak with foreigners with the language that is best for communication . 
  would a fennoswede speak finnish to a swede ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but almost all fennoswedes speak finnish and one could say that genetically they are predominantly finnish . 
  the same with finnic curonians . 
  i think that both of us have made our point . 
   however , there are very strong north germanic influences - which give us famous linguistic pairs like skirt/shirt . 
  that would be 's \u00e4rk ' in estonian ( pronounciation is not very far from : shirk ) . 
   what 's wrong with wood floors ? 
  for one thing , there are almost no trees in netherlands , thus no wood for floors , so there . 
  another thing is that dark colored stone floors should bask in sunlight and store solar energy . 
  every time estonia 's people say we should be more like switzerland ( direct democracy ) , estonia 's politicians laugh hysterically . 
   eastern europe should have never been a member of the eu in any form . 
  they all have badass conscriptions and private ownership of firearms . 
   but aestii are the balts by now and for now ( and excluding estonia ) . 
  but they are not what they used to be . 
   more importantly finnic hydronyms are much more common in the east than they are around the aestian lagoon . 
  the ones to the east of estonia ( in the ilmen lands ) were sort-of different from baltic-finnic , their classification is open ( maybe para-finnic , something in-between baltic-finnic and volga-finnic ) . 
  estonian language is a coastal phenomenon . 
  seto language is the continental baltic-finnic language . 
  but that in inland ilmen lands was different still . 
  coastal estonians had close contacts with coastal vadja , coastal livonians and finnic curonians and with prussia ( and with coastal finland of course , and gotland and kvenland ) . 
   but there 's no evidence for this :d  there 's no historic record for this there is , but it depends on interpretations . 
  some of that white area ( j\u00e4rva + j\u00f5geva counties ) in estonia is the best agri land we have . 
  i recall that 1 % of estonia 's land is alvar , 1/3 of world 's alvars used to be in estonia but accounting shows that some of those alvar areas have changed into something else . 
  in 1919 , we estonians took almost all the latvia to the east of the river v\u00e4ina , but eventually had to even give valka to those sneaky six-toed latvians . 
   `` valg\u0117 '' means '' ( he/she ) ate '' . 
  `` valgis '' - `` food '' . 
  in lithuanian . 
  seede + kulg = digestion tube ( in a human body ) . 
  kulg / kulgema is quite similar to valg / valguma both in meaning and in form . 
  the food flows down into one 's stomach . 
  i 'd say that the map disagrees with you . 
   kuressaare is curonian now ? 
  tongue in cheek . 
  but just as with the english language , saare dialects are speculated to have been more closer to livonian-curonian dialects than to estonian mainland dialects . 
  emphasis on `` have been '' . 
  :-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jllgtookppa, 
   no , if the territory of southern curonia was finnic they would n't have been curonian , they would have been livs . 
  it is the same thing . 
  there were curonian livs , there were v\u00e4ina livs , there were koiva livs , there were metsepole livs , etc. 
  they were all livs . 
  livs and livonian mean ` sand people ' . 
  they are post-swiderians , swiderian culture is described as a culture thriving on sandy dunes on the shore of the baltic sea / lake . 
  they have retained their original self-designation as ` sand people ' . 
  of course they have ( had ) other names as well , such as ` randalid ' ( coastlanders ) . 
   also , southern curronia ( which is in samogitia ) never had a finnic majority . 
  that is what indo-europeans say . 
  finno-ugrians say otherwise . 
  but it depends on the timescale . 
  what many linguists are reluctant to admit is that regardless of the timeline , the finnic language reached estonia from the south , most likely via maritime routes from prussia or less likely over the river v\u00e4ina ( from smolensk ) . 
  so the finnic language reached estonia over lands that in modern times are inhabited by balts . 
  there can be only one switzerland , only one finland and only one israel . 
  the curious thing is that all those three have so much in common . 
  actually the results are not at all surprising when we consider english language as part of north-germanic language group . 
  baltic-finnics have had close contacts with north-germanics for ages - it would also explain the spread of aesti from estonian shores to prussia , those were finnic curonians , of which nowadays we have kuressaare at saaremaa . 
  baltic tribes were more inlanders and continental , not so much maritime cultures . 
  slovenia has had south germanic contacts for much less time ( only 2000 years ? ) . 
  and that concludes top11 . 
  as i have read , russian language use in schools of latvia is actually lower than the use of russian in estonian schools . 
   that sounds unhealthy ... what 's worse is that this pc is being copied at almost every eu member state by the establishment . 
  in some places it is more advanced than in some other places . 
  the citizenry is fighting back , some more successfully , some less . 
  tensions between the establishment and the citizenry are on the rise . 
  they are venting at somebody they can vent at . 
  the rest are deemed off limits by the pc .
