  i do n't believe that . 
  immigrants that are already uk citizens are likely not accounted for as immigrants . 
  but they should be . 
  the baltics is ready to provide aid to place sea mines on the border of greece . 
  dealing with sea mines is our specialty in nato . 
  estonia and latvia actually have had a larger share of immigrants than germany and sweden since the end of last year . 
  we still have more immigrants than germany . 
  germany needs to take several additional million immigrants to even reach the level of estonia and latvia . 
  without a credible nato , countries neighbouring russia would start to acquire independent mad capabilities . 
  so instead of one coherent nato , russia and the world would have to accommodate a dozen mad neighbours of russia . 
  and nukes are not the only option . 
   unlike you , we have to live with russia next door every day . 
  the us is on its anti-russian crusade and russia on its on us one but us western europeans do n't wa n't to be dragged into that . 
  europe between germany and russia is bigger than either of the two . 
  we have to deal with both east and west . 
  western europe ( esp germoney ) with their munich accords and us with their resets are constantly pissing off people in the mrp ( molotov-ribbentrop pact ) occupied countries . 
  actually even poland officials and public opinion have been naive about the developments of russia . 
  even the public opinion within the baltics has been naive . 
  one really would need to read and listen more to what statements liberals and others in russia tend to make . 
  russia is still violating every bullet of the sarkozy plan . 
  minsk agreements are pretty much the same . 
   europeans were pissed about the possibility of losing out on their natural gas those were not europeans . 
  those were mostly germany and netherlands . 
  the official statistics only accounts for about half of the immigrants , at least in case of estonia . 
  which means that another half of 1st , 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants are accounted as part of the common citizens - which artificially drags down their stats and reduces the apparent gap between the natives and the immigrants . 
  so , yes , the uk-born population itself was also somewhat of `` a black hole '' , but likely not exactly in the sense that you had in mind . 
  edit . 
  also , it should be expected that only such immigration be tolerated that would benefit the local natives - which means that eu immigrants scoring better than the local uk natives is exactly what should be expected . 
  it has been the running joke in estonia for the last 30 years or so : commit a crime in scandinavia and chill out in the scandinavian prison . 
  soviets dealt with everyone who came in , especially with the western spies , but also with most of the naive wandering western socialists . 
  in olden times , none of the wooden ships were 100 % sealed , yet they somehow managed to stay afloat because the excess water was shoveled out of the ship . 
  the uninhabited remote parts of greenland suit fine . 
  not with refugees . 
  the articles you read likely did not differentiate between above oecd-average educated poles and estonians with those of syria , eritrea and afghanistan . 
  well , no , mindless spending is never a good idea . 
  one would need to invest . 
  refugees are a bad investment which destroys other investments . 
  the aliens from alpha centauri will arrive shortly . 
  those suburban and rural areas are dying because enterprises tend to concentrate into the cities . 
  and the immigrants also concentrate into the cities because they like the city lifestyle . 
  the whole syrian affair got started because millions of rural farmers suddenly moved to the syrian cities . 
  that growth was due to a bubble . 
  anyway , refugees are not a growth sector . 
  the only large growth sectors might be the renewables and the passivhaus initiatives . 
  mass immigration will actually destroy the social stability necessary for investments - if your neighborhood might become a dump , you are not gon na invest 20-40 years in advance ( you might buy gold instead ) . 
  the middle east is the cradle of civilisation . 
  the refugees are bringing that more advanced civilisation to europe . 
  the same guilt play is played all over europe . 
  it is a class conflict between the establishment and the citizenry . 
  only the vishegrad fantastic four has escaped the internal guilt play to some degree , but they get more of the incoming external guilt blame . 
  europe needs more direct democracy . 
  in the meantime , keep your mental shields up . 
  i have a suspicion that the strategy of burning bridges has been a deliberate one , something perhaps discussed in the bilderberg meetings . 
  with the likes of soros . 
  to present mass immigration into eu as a force major to keep up the loan pyramid economy for a little while longer . 
  in short term it seems to be working - both germany and sweden show `` robust economic growth '' . 
  but that is a statistical deception , because economic growth is merely a single second order partial derivative of wealth . 
  it also means not overstretching with foreign intervention . 
  just as with immigration , there are limits to the capability of exporting nation building and political , economicial and social support . 
  that limit for eu would be at 10 million per 20 years at best . 
  so a syrian project alone would take 45 years , before eu could move on . 
  edit . 
  i would use up that resource on integrating ukraine and then turkey . 
  the only meaningful help would be to seal off the border between greece and turkey by force and to deny immigrants any entry from turkey to greece . 
  establishment of greece does not want that , establishment of germany does not want that . 
  which means other states will form a coalition of themselves to fend off the flood on their borders . 
  edit . 
  greece and germany are working together atm . 
  saxons , hold strong . 
  there is nothing wrong or special about saxony , the same play is being played all over europe . 
  the same cliches . 
  it is a class conflict between the citizenry and the establishment . 
  it is important to comprehend that this class conflict is pan-european ( at least pan-euean ) . 
  more direct democracy is needed . 
  in the meantime , keep your mental shields up . 
  that depends on personal values . 
  corporations wish for a rootless workers army . 
  the next industrial revolution will introduce smaller more taylored industries , which will reduce job migrations . 
  no , i mean consistently in the 21st century . 
  the trend had become more pro-ukraine . 
  ` sirts ' in estonian language means `` a squirt '' . 
  makes sense . 
  google : internationalists aka internazis, 
  you should try peter the first . 
  i will be the judge of whom i am gon na engage or not . 
  there have been threats about the financial city of london , at the very least . 
  i do n't bother to search for more . 
  the threats are real , but most of them are bluffs . 
  i do . 
  you flaming idiot . 
  we seem to have a different perception of a `` long time '' . 
  and the majority is also debatable . 
  however , i am willing to let the legal local longtime residents to decide their fate in a proper referendum , after all rf troops have left ( including the sevastopol base ) and international peacekeepers have calmed the situation down for a few years or decades . 
  reputable polls in crimea during a russian occupation ? 
  yeah , right . 
  just out of curiosity , were there any polls conducted in norway during the nazi occupation ? 
  did nazis gain the support ? 
  sure , just as 99 % of chechens supported putin after two chechen wars and two decimations . 
  polls prior to the occupation of crimea showed majority support to kyiv and that support was slowly rising . 
  if necessary i can dig up a reference to at least one such poll .
