  try to reach sustainability , one might need to shrink to achieve that . 
  ` karistama ' in estonian means ` to punish ' , while in finnish ` karistaa ' means ` to shake from the heels ' . 
  both meanings have something to do with `` shaking '' . 
  a shock attack maybe ? 
  or a shock retreat ? 
  there is also a finnish verb ` k\u00e4rsima ' ( to suffer , to trim , to axe ) . 
  and an estonian verb ` karastama ' meaning ` to harden ( a person or a hot metal ) ' . 
  another estonian verb ` k\u00e4ristama ' means ` to rip apart ' . 
  ( estonian ) vaen = ill-feeling , enmity , hostility ( before action ) could well be a loanword . 
  the verb ` to war ' is 's \u00f5dima ' . 
  it seems to be related to the verbs 's \u00f5itlema ' and ` sajatama ' - both verbs mean `` to cast a curse or a spell '' . 
  the modern verb is 's \u00f5imama ' ( to curse ) . 
  verb ` sadama ' means ` to rain ' . 
  noun ` sada ' means ' a hundred ' . 
  so a hundred-word curse raining down to the enemy should do it , v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen ( v\u00e4ina + maine ) knows best . 
  ` harc ' any relation to estonian ` haarang ' ? 
  ` haarang ' = a raid / a catch / round-up the verb is ` haarama ' = to seize / grasp / snatch edit . 
  also , ` kaar ' and the verb ` kaarduma ' mean ' a curve / an arc ' and ` to curve / to arc ' . 
  as a rule , single issues do not unilaterally decide election outcomes . 
  single issues do not even spawn revolutions . 
  so you are essentially saying that all the 6000 languages and cultures currently in the world but 1 are doomed into irrelevance in the future ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the world will never freely coalesce into 1 language and 1 culture - that has never happened in nature . 
  and you ca n't enforce it either . 
  your path will destroy every single social contract in the world . 
  without a social contract there will be other kind of contracts , more unilateral ones , skewed to big business , one might even call it post-modern slavery ( although it shall be called liberalism ) . 
  as i understand , the notars ca n't register such marriage into the state registry . 
  without state records , it is quasi-legal , meaning that probably any other state transaction ca n't be based on it neither . 
  the non-estonians perhaps vote religiously . 
  about 15 % of estonians believe in christ . 
  a lot have some other or more than one ( sometimes obscure ) faith . 
  animism is not against gays , but not for either . 
  a local biotope needs to procreate mostly locally . 
  parliamentary decisions usually have very little to do with the will of the electorate . 
  estonians like to hedge their bets on many deities and religions . 
  there are many trees and creeks and stones in the forest . 
  praise the biotope . 
   in others , such as sweden , no referendum was required since the public opinion rather was questioning what was taking so long . 
  in general , it 's not hard to get a feel for the public opinion , even without a referendum . 
  that is circular reasoning . 
  the reality is that even a referendum might be skewed or faked . 
  after two chechen wars where chechens got decimated by moscow twice over , about 99 % of chechens gave their vote to putin . 
   a little something called representative democracy . 
  representative democracy does not work for single issues . 
  you should know better . 
  the electorate is being gerrymandered both by electoral districts , by the allowed candidates and by the chosen set of political statements on issues and the electorate often have no power to call back the elected representative . 
  in other words representative democracy is fractional democracy ( like fractional banking ) . 
   regarding immigration , the eu have a joint immigration policy . 
  the lisbon treaty left the immigration issues for national states . 
   if you do n't like what your representatives are saying , choose new ones ( or leave the union ) . 
  we will choose the latter , because brussels ca n't be reformed . 
  in the eu , brussels reforms you . 
   it does , however , give the state the right to decide who lives and who dies . 
  actually , the old and existing capital punishment laws only give the representatives of the state that authority . 
  according to representative democracy , the citizens ( edit . ), 
  have no say in the matter . 
  but that can be changed so that each execution has to be voted on in a statewide referendum - that would be a double check . 
  and the electronic voting can be left carried out by a neutral third party ( or parties ) . 
   the reason it is practiced in some countries is purely to take political points no , the reason is that otherwise either the prisons will get full or the whole set of punishment regulations are watered down - resulting in a criminal society . 
  the outlaw ` refugees ' in europe at present is a good example of that - as a rule they are not punished for their crimes . 
   if you have an example of censorship being practiced in sweden today i would be very interested to know about it !, 
  sure . 
  for example that pippi longstocking 's father debacle . 
  are you saying that all the dark blue on the map is a result of exactly one referendum in each country with the ` same-sex marriage ' getting over 50 % of votes ? 
  are you also saying that a similar referendum has been carried out in each eu country on immigration rules and quotas ? 
  `` i do n't know if you 're aware of this , but the only country in europe with the death penalty is belarus . 
  they also just so happen to be europe 's only dictatorship . '', 
  so you are equating usa with belarus ? 
  `` i ca n't imagine why you call the abolishment of the death penalty in europe a pyrrhic victory , since it has been thoroughly showed that the death penalty does n't work well . '', 
  it works fine in singapore . 
  about censorship . 
  a swede not aware of any censorship in sweden ??? 
  that is thick . 
  about all those issues : only time will tell which of those individual solutions to culture war issues turn out to be stable solutions . 
  there might not even be stable solutions and the ( unstable ) society will continue to switch from one to another . 
  in this case ? 
  the onset of dark blue on the map via the intermediate of light blue . 
  baby steps against the will of the citizens . 
  new eu gun legislation comes to mind . 
  immigration sharing schemes . 
  drug use . 
  death penalty . 
  censorship . 
  ip issues ( in that field , the establishment forces illiberal initiatives ) . 
  ` positive ' discrimination . 
  actually you can say that a certain probabilistic part of the weather phenomenon is caused by agw . 
  it has been estimated by climate scientists for the 2010 russian heatwave and for the 2003 ( ? ), 
  european heatwave and for some other events as well . 
  it is possible to use neo-shamanistic mental programming against full americanization . 
  native song festivals are one such tool . 
  youtube watch?v = r-fstanmniy, 
  monolanguage europe would destroy the heterogeneity of 28 coherent nation states within the eu . 
  when forced , it will be ( is being ) resisted . 
  the new nation-building of archaic greeks and intruding dorians took about 5 centuries , over 10 centuries in peloponnesos . 
  this timeframe is natural and ca n't be forced ( well , it can , but the result might be that of russia ) . 
  i mostly agree with gagatron . 
  vishegrad 4 is one example of such collaboration . 
  poland with the baltics is another such example . 
  nordics + baltics ( + uk ) is another such example . 
  there is much potential in nationalist/federalist , except that i would call it nationalist/confederalist or even nativist/confederalist .
