  so which was it ? 
  the people or the companies ? 
   just to fuck with us :( fucking would be to cut off international waters in the bay of finland by adopting the full allowable width of marine border and creating a flight corridor so narrow and so curvy that would require a speed of at most 300 knots . 
  and mining the corridor from both sides , just to be sure . 
  russia has to hand over the gas on the eu border and the rest is none of its business . 
   and this is highly hypocritical . 
  especially when talking about ukraine - there is no difference for ukraine in whether it is bypassed in the north or in the south . 
  actually it is very relevant . 
  by analogy to the nordstream , any such russian stream also comes with an endless stream of fighter and bomber jet sorties and naval vessels - effectively creating a naval blockade . 
   the establishment patting one of its own on the back . 
  completely detached from reality , and the rest of the eu community . 
  `` great moral leadership '' is an euphemism for not following the will of the citizenry . 
  she did deny ukraine and georgia a fast track to nato . 
  that was in 2007 ? 
   or it could be just a pretext to deny them . 
  the result would still be the same - reconquista . 
   i assume nazi germany was n't nationalistic either right ? 
  nazy germany was imperialistic , not nationalistic . 
  prussians used to be balts . 
  and all that `` drang nach osten '' for the last 1000 years was most certainly not nationalism . 
   nationalism does n't exclude imperialism at all ... 
  it does by definition . 
   you 're just using a made up definition that suits you . 
  nope . 
  i have merely adopted one that suits to any species , including humans . 
  the decision is obvious - to adopt either finnish or estonian as the old renew lingua europa . 
   conflict ca n't be solved only if one make it a conflict in first place . 
  it exists . 
  and the maker was europe who cast aside of its medieval laws . 
  it used to be eye for eye , tooth for tooth , life for life . 
  another source of conflict is that of monoteist religions . 
   examples ? 
  i am not going to list those examples . 
   but it happens quite often , and of course is an ideal situation . 
  often is not good enough . 
  even just one conflict could unravel any compromises . 
   they do not . 
  i mean game theory , because of course some math is sometimes necessary . 
  in demographic history . 
  but thankfully cliometry was already demoted to just an auxiliary discipline . 
  almost every facet of anthropology needs math . 
   but does one need to ? 
  how do you measure culture ? 
  is it even necessary ? 
  you need measuring in comparative analyses as well . 
  and all kinds of math in network analysis . 
   still , i prefer anthropological & historical approach . 
  both require math , including game theory . 
   or we could just stop fetishizing numbers . 
  one ca n't measure nor assess without numbers . 
   i disagree . 
  imho our purpose is to overcome gray areas between different cultures . 
  in that case one would have to also consider different cultures as different parties . 
   example , when some custom ( let 's call it n ) is banned or obligatory in one culture ( let 's call it x ) , and permitted ( or just not concerning ) in other one ( y ) , common law for x+y should just make n permitted , while followers of x would be free to not do/do n. does not always work that way . 
   problem is starting only when sets are mutually exclusive , e.g. 
  when n is banned for y , but obligatory for x. 
  which is the case with islam . 
   then if any of stances is breaking the harm principle ( e.g. 
  n = fgm ) , other one should be chosen . 
  the harm is reciprocal on a cultural level . 
  this cultural conflict ca n't be solved before the conflict has been solved separately in the middle east and in europe . 
  either europe has to return to the medieval policies or the middle east has to adopt european policies ( well , actually there are several differing policy variants in europe ) . 
  for as long as the conflicting policies have not been `` unified '' in both regions , migrants will generate conflicts . 
   applied math would dehumanize politics even more . 
  hey , we are already messed up by gdp cult . 
  that is just badly applied math . 
  correct math would not be based on gdp alone . 
   and applied math in cultural policies ? 
  big no . 
  social sciences is game theory 101 . 
   so pareto is just a zero-sum thing . 
  no , it is not . 
  pareto is every possible improvement until the start of zero-sum game . 
  edit : actually that beyond pareto is not necessarily zero-sum ; it could be , but wo n't always be . 
  pareto is every possible improvement without violating the `` no harm '' principle . 
  but there are situations that violate the `` no harm '' pareto , but are not zero-sum . 
   sorry , but i do n't agree . 
  if we apply game theory to intercultural or international affairs , it would end very badly . 
  it 's society , not mathematics . 
  and here you are mistaken as well . 
  politics needs more applied math ( and not the kind that soros has been spreading around ) . 
   i do n't see how pareto = harm . 
  http://gametheory.net/dictionary/paretooptimal.html as a logical example , almost all european states and states of the middle east have an ecological footprint that is unsustainable . 
  bringing in people whose birth rate is way above that of natives is both bad to the native people and native culture and also bad for the native biotope . 
  edit . 
  strategy ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elr8i2f5ooe edit2 . 
  to tap = to touch someone tapper = war axe verb ` tapma / tapa ' = to kill, 
   `` some obscure principle '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  harm principle is one of fundaments of cultural liberalism . 
  `` no harm '' principle is basically pareto . 
  but much depends on which are the relevant parties and the possible harm has to be integrated over eons . 
  and as defined in your reference it says little about societies . 
  humans are social beings , just like many other species . 
  putting those two together ( `` no society '' in pareto and `` cultural liberalism '' ) tells that cultural liberalism is actually about genociding existing cultures . 
  one should not apply `` no harm '' principle only on the level of individuals . 
  just a further clarification that whether this specific legislation would be good or bad at this point or ever is certainly open for discussion . 
  but the decision should follow the will of the majority of the citizenry , not of some obscure principle that has never been tried in a referendum and whose interpretation is similarly kept away from the citizenry . 
   first , there is a thing called freedom of belief ( including non-belief btw ) .
