  so thin that newcomers will get nothing . 
   this market is limited . 
  black market is less limited than the white market . 
   perhaps you should also note that borders are a souvereign national issue that the eu can not do anything about ? 
  countries like greece have refused for a long time to get assistance from frontex and the eu . 
  frontex has done nothing so far to stem immigration , frontex brings in more immigrants . 
  therefore no wonder that no sane country has wanted aid from frontex . 
    that is weather . 
  you should look at climate data . 
   nope . 
  the weather was worse in the first three months of 2016 , where we experienced a much higher influx . 
  it is the balkan route being closed in conjunction with the turkey deal . 
  days and months ( and even years ) are weather . 
  decades are climate . 
  water is just one resource that is depleting . 
  one would eventually be running out of space . 
  my prior comment still applies  naah , you are either incapable or unwilling for that . 
   just because you want this to be a related issue does not make it one . 
  we did not see people fleeing syria because of overpopulation or lack of basic resources caused by overpopulation . 
  so you are a science denier . 
  perhaps google scholar search would reveal a bit for you . 
   and no , connecting help of this kind with these programmes would be absolutely ridiculous . 
  it would have to be the prerequisite to give any help at all . 
   apples and pears . 
  they are not potatoes , that 's for sure . 
    brussels would ship them all in . 
  citizenry would fight against it . 
   this is an allegation without basis . 
  actually , it is a fact that has been repeatedly published . 
  on page 36 : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_first_en.pdf if 56 % of the citizens of the eu member states want to limit immigration from outside of eu , and if 34 % would want no limits to immigration , then the probability ( of representative democracy ) that 23 eu member states out of 28 would vote for limitless immigration is about 230 parts per billion . 
  if the standard deviation of polling results is 1,5 % , then the confidence bounds for 6-sigma would be 9 % from the mean . 
  even at that 6-sigma confidence border , the probability of 23 out of 28 states voting for limitless immigration would be about 1/5000 . 
  so the chances that we are dealing with a democracy are pretty slim . 
  http://vassarstats.net/binomialx.html n = 28 k = 23 p = 0.34 p : 23 or more out of 28 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 2.3022e-7 ( that was the 230 parts per billion ) p : 23 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 ( the 6-sigma confidence border , if standard deviation is 1,5 % ) method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0000258 ( that is 26 parts per million , not 1/5000 ) p : 20 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0022 ( that is 2 parts per thousand ) perhaps i should also note that brussels has had more than 12 months to do something significant about eu external borders and instead they have spent all that time to come up with cunning schemes on how to redistribute . 
   they wo n't recieve benefits here if they do that . 
  likely , they would be deported back . 
  which is rather easy given that everyone would be registered under a central relocation scheme . 
  well , they would n't receive benefits elsewhere either . 
  black market ( drugs and like ) is more lucrative in a higher purchasing power region . 
    at current immigration rates it would take only 40 years  the `` current immigration rate '' is around a 100 people a day . 
  that is weather . 
  you should look at climate data . 
  it is part of the same problem . 
  you not recognizing it merely shows your lack of grasp . 
  or you could look at mixed marriage rates ( or rather the share of mixed parents ) and extrapolate from there . 
  naah , you are either incapable or unwilling for that . 
  well , the `` the only responsible response '' was your statement , since i have n't used such a construct . 
  so , to paraphrase your own words , perhaps you might need assistance . 
  the possible future pathways are either : 1 . mandatory one-child policy , possibly mixed with forced sterilisation 2 . closing of borders and letting nature cull the population explosion 3 . all out global resource war , which would result in a population size several times lower than what would be achievable with options 1 and 2, 
  military is always the backup in case civil structures fail . 
  thus you ca n't really separate the two . 
   ancient greece did n't have nation states , it had city states . 
  all those city states were nation states . 
  ionian league city states , etc. 
  sparta . 
    nation states are older than empires . 
   what ? 
  there were no nation states at the time of the persian , macedonian or roman empires . 
  people did n't think in those terms back then . 
  of course there were nation states . 
  as i said , tribal and nation states are older than empires . 
  the stem of the word for a state in estonian language also denotes a tributary and dates back to stone age . 
    and races are older than species . 
   so the human races ( if such thing exists anyway ) are older than the human species ? 
  yes . 
  just as the polar bears and brown bears have existed longer as different races than as species . 
   the only meaningful statistic is : `` how many people do stay here on benefits '' . 
   on the other side , there are also people leaving voluntarily which are not included in the `` deportation '' statistics . 
  the only meaningful statistic is the share of natives among the whole population . 
  and the dynamics of it . 
   we have taken in one million people once . 
  this will not happen again . 
  more like germany has already taken in 10 + million . 
  so your 1 million has arrived repeatedly . 
   if the past crisis has proven anything , it is that the eu does not do what the un wants . 
  that depends on the power balance between the brussels and the citizenry . 
  brussels would ship them all in . 
  citizenry would fight against it . 
   there is , as always in real life , a disconnect between what you want and what you can get . 
  half the people wanting to come here does not mean that we will allow half of them to come here . 
  which is what matters . 
  you will have no say on serfdom within the eu , esp within schengen . 
   which is not backed by the laws . 
  there is no law that would allow you to invite your extended family over . 
  i am sure there are plenty of loopholes . 
  and if there is not enough loopholes , then many such are already cooking at the hands of the regressive left . 
    germany will be overrun in this lifetime  nonsense . 
  at current immigration rates it would take only 40 years . 
  40 years is this lifetime . 
  you denying that fact merely speaks volumes about your level of reasoning . 
  just read on history . 
  as i noted , sparta is one such example . 
  dorians invaded around 1200 bc . 
  assimilation processes were still ongoing at 200 bc . 
  if you look around , there are plenty of similar examples . 
  edit . 
   what does it mean if it exceeds that number ? 
  in that case the assimilation process would slow down considerably . 
  of course not , when the only `` solution '' brussels has to offer is to ship them in . 
  you ca n't buy more water into their ground water reserves .
