  http://maaleht.delfi.ee/news/maaleht/elu/kui-suur-hulk-eestlasi-oskas-lugeda-xviii-sajandil?id=66026278 the russian imperial census of 1898 ( i think ) listed the literacy rates of both estonians and finns at over 90 % and close to 100 % . 
  at the same time , only 27 % of ethnic russians were accounted as literate . 
  the majority should always have the say in deciding the rights of the minority . 
  so how about iceland ? 
   mhm . 
  prepare for a re-settlement . 
  that is what this is all about , is n't it ? 
  estonia has already got the first ones of the re-settlement . 
  it is an example that a 99 + % native state can have healthy trade relations . 
  direct democracy eliminates the possibility of dictatorship within the framework of direct democracy . 
  saldejums is about as much as any estonian would learn latvian language . 
  there is a reason why according to statistics there are very few latvians in estonia and very few estonians in latvia - both assimilate quickly , but only in near abroad . 
  a common state would have a linguistic clash . 
  so does eu . 
   ethnic cleansing is also done through population transfers , as in intentionally and purposely mass transferring ethnic russians in estonia in order to achieve the goal of ethnic cleansing . 
  no , colonisation by itself is not ethnic cleansing . 
  populating the cities of narva and sillam\u00e4e was colonisation . 
  deporting the prior citizens ( and banning return ) was ethnic cleansing . 
  but both are part of genocide . 
   hmm , i wonder if it has anything to do with the rise of the far right throughout europe in the past few years . 
  nope . 
  it ca n't be that right ? 
  you are using tautology . 
  not a good sign of sound reasoning . 
  far right and far left are statistical concepts . 
  deal with it . 
  from the lack of referendums . 
  and from juncker and other establishment leaders advising to avoid referendums at all costs . 
  let 's have a referendum on the issue and find out . 
  no , we ca n't . 
  everything should be decided by the majority of the citizenry . 
  or at least have the option to do so . 
  direct democracy should be the one and only human right . 
  brussels will adopt lithuania and brainwash all lithuanians into eurosoviets . 
  not bad at all . 
   heck , it took the 19th century for europeans to learn to bathe again , after the indians and the chinese shamed them into doing it again ( i know that it was actually coupled with the re-discovery of hygiene as a concept ) speak for yourself . 
  some europeans were born , lived and died in a sauna . 
  us fracking industry actually produces several times more methane than previously accounted . 
  thus us has likely increased its co2 emissions as well . 
  but that 's the thing - the people want direct democracy . 
  `` far right '' is only their second choice . 
  ethnic cleansing after 1947 accounted for just 5-10 % of it . 
  the vast majority was due to mass immigration ( read : colonisation ) . 
  the labeling contest . 
  `` far right '' label is used more often than `` far left '' . 
  statistically speaking , a normal distribution should have equally fat tails on both sides . 
  but this one is skewed . 
   that has nothing to do with democracy , by the way . 
  there are several ready-made package deal versions available to sign the day after . 
  if eu threatens with contra-preferential treatment , then eu is no better than kremlin . 
  eu has in the past had tendencies to desire more preferential treaties with russia when compared to ukraine and georgia and moldova . 
  you are advocating to compromise the principle . 
  the essential and statistical side of that principle is quite simple and clear , just as i already wrote . 
  yours is obfuscation . 
  south korea is over 99 % ethnically korean . 
   first of all demographics are n't being replaced , any speculation about number of kids and how europeans will be a minority in two centuries is fucking garbage . 
  the current trends for germany is about 40 years , max . 
  during the soviet occupation , estonia 's native population declined from 97 % to 60 % in 42 years . 
  google trends : `` far left '' , `` the establishment '' , `` far right '' https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=%22far%20left%22%2c%20%22the%20establishment%22%2c%20%22far%20right%22, 
  the western establishment could always opt to allow more direct democracy instead of the government of `` far-right '' parties . 
  it is the preferences of the establishment to prefer `` far-right parties '' to direct democracy . 
  the electorate prefers `` far-right '' to the establishment . 
  thus , the `` far-right '' is actually a compromise between the two . 
   what europe needs is a component set of politicians who refuse to be bribed by the big businesses that have been the driving force between large-scale immigration . 
  unfortunately it 's difficult to find a politician that is incorruptible , let alone a whole party of them . 
  which is why the party system should be replaced or doubled by direct democracy . 
  the russian end of the nordstream 2 gas pipe in kol\u00f5ma and gulag needs more workforce . 
  come to schroeder . 
  finnic livonian language as state language would be the compromise . 
  vidzeme will be renamed back to vidumaa / viidum\u00e4e . 
  adzele will become at\u0161ola again . 
  cesis will again be v\u00f5nnu . 
  daugava will be v\u00e4ina again . 
  etc. , etc. 
  edit . 
  gauja will again be koiva . 
  if true , it would mean that the pinnacle of democracy in the world that the eu tries to be , does not treat individual states as equal and in fact threats defectors with far worse consequences than that enjoyed by norway , iceland and switzerland . 
  edit . 
  yet another thing that makes brussels similar to kremlin . 
   far-right parties seem to be capped at 30 % of popular support perhaps , but dissent towards governments is way over 50 % . 
  which means that nationwide labour strikes and revolutions become more likely . 
  russia 's logic : if you beat them , it means you love them . 
  the logic of the western establishments : if you insult them , it ensures that they love you ( for not beating them up , yet ) . 
  essentially you are advocating for compromising the principle . 
  plain and simple . 
  it is just another act . 
  i will just throw around some fancy concepts , like : block chain transactions , asymmetric cryptography , etc. 
  something 's gon na stick . 
   paper and pen . 
  in a place with public cameras broadcasting . 
  votes are placed inside a box that is visible in front of the camera . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i was referring to the well-known theoretical observations that there are no ideal voting methods , all suffer from some paradoxes . 
  you need to compromise some properties over some other properties . 
   rather finlandization than russification though . 
  it is basically the same . 
  the first is merely slower . 
   in all seriousness though , fuck the ussr for what they did to you guys . 
  thanks . 
  but seriously , sometimes estonians gather that finns are mentally more broken than estonians .
