   the physical presence of other ethnicities does n't make the society multiethnic . 
  it does . 
  nothing else does . 
   to be that , these countries would have to actively promote minority rights and actively work on including the minorities and their distinct cultures in social/public/political life . 
  the pisa scores of estonian russians ( tests written in russian language ) are above oecd and above rf average . 
  the first cultural autonomy in the world for jews were provided by estonia . 
  you were saying ? 
   their economies would most certainly look very differently if they were chinese puppets instead . 
  never mind the economy . 
  they would be chinnified , like tibetans . 
   which is what sets up the basic conditions for their economy to be successful , would n't you say ? 
  us practically guarantees their continued existence , therefore they have no national sovereignty in any real sense of the term . 
  wrong . 
  us military has done very little to spawn and nurture toshiba , mitsubishi , hitachi , samsung , kia , etc. 
   speaking of europe , suicide rates are also higher in countries with a homogeneous and more nationalistic society , so that statistic appears to follow the same trends . 
  not really . 
  estonia and latvia and russia are very very multiethnic . 
  so is lithuania when compared to average european level . 
  so busted again . 
  i 'd say that now you need to show that all those 50 syrians have left estonia . 
  or admit that you were mistaken . 
   if you profess to have 0 immigration in any circumstances , then you are truly delusional . 
  do n't conflate the issues . 
  i have never made such a claim . 
  however , if the other side says that there is no upper limit , then i say that as a goal the limit is zero . 
  then we need to compromise . 
   we had one year of mass immigration to europe and already the system is in rapid panic mode . 
  the immigration rates in other eu border countries jumped 10x in just one year . 
  that was change - change for worse . 
  and what is even worse is that you choose to ignore it . 
  you also choose to ignore that the un demands eu to let in at least 1 million for the next 10 years . 
   i 'd say there 's going to be maximum one more year of that kind of influx and europe is going to be shooting anyone trying to get in . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  their suicide rates are not much different from the baltoscandian region , so your first argument is moot . 
  as to them only existing thanks to the aid of the usa , lol . 
  that aid is purely military . 
  economically japan has given a lot of credit to the usa , so it is the other way around really . 
  the soviet / russian occupation troops have never left moldova since 1940 ( with the exception of wwii ) . 
  the soviet / russian occupation troops have never left georgia since 1924 . 
  mass immigration will destroy internal cohesion of nation states , which means it will also destroy social contract between the state and the citizens . 
  agw as a tragedy of the commons can not be solved without a solid social contract . 
  both agw and mass immigration are a type of a tragedy of the commons . 
  thus mass immigration will destroy any hope of a solution to stop agw and to spare regional biotopes from destruction . 
  you see , a social contract is not just a contract between citizens and a state . 
  a social contract is actually a contract between the inhabitants of a regional biotope . 
  nation states are akin to private ownership , although it should be seen as a private stewardship . 
  thus mass immigration actually goes against private ownership as well ( that many western europeans have probably found out by now already ) . 
  relatively , yes . 
  absolutely , no . 
  the amount of immigrants to estonia is about 7000 annually . 
  7000 is infinite times higher than zero . 
  the amount of ` refugees ' to estonia is about 50-100 annually and increasing 2-3x every year . 
  estonia is only a few years behind the rest of eu border states . 
  it merely shows that you are either incapable to apply geometric growth principles , or unwilling . 
  i bet on the last one . 
  immigration to estonia is about 7000 annually , that is 0,8 % annually against the natives . 
  edit . 
  the share of natives is much lower in estonia than that in hungary . 
  terrorism is essentially an asymmetrical form of warfare . 
  which means that it can morph into a full ( civil ) war . 
  terrorism is how the communists started and got going . 
  can you count the maximum amount of communist countries in the world ? 
  concerned yet ? 
  initially , bolsheviks constituted a very small part of the population of the russian empire . 
  about as much as muslims today in europe . 
  and as far as faith goes , islamism has an edge over communism , especially concerning the afterlife ( some say it is the afterparty ) . 
  japan and south korea are doing smashing right now , thanks to their native national states . 
  the claim that native national states would be history is just fud and you know it . 
  the international business has wto and whatnot anyway . 
  i do n't know a single instance from history where mass immigration has n't led to military violence eventually . 
  so you ca n't really keep your cases apart . 
  actually , those stats show that the biggest unemployment concerns are among those countries who have recently let it massive amounts of immigrants . 
  estonia 's top percentages are most similar to that of the czech , esp concerning the four top concerns . 
  incidentally , estonia and the czech are also considered as the least religious countries in the world . 
  so that is rationality and threat assessment behind those percentages , not religious emotions . 
  many swedes live in denial , that also goes for the combined effect of mass immigration on taxes . 
  estonians are acutely aware of the accompanying costs that mass immigration brings about , having had more immigrants than sweden between 1960-2015 . 
  the soviet mass immigration is not a trauma , it is an ongoing tragedy - demographics processes take millennia to settle . 
  as to emigration `` not being '' an issue for estonia , estonia has recovered from a 5-fold decrease of population in the middle ages . 
  having 30 + % of non-natives is a much bigger risk for estonian culture . 
  so again , as you can see , it can be rationally explained . 
  the finnic 's \u00fcgis ( e ) / syksy ' might have been 's \u00fc\u00fckis / syyksy ' . 
  to me that reminds 's \u00f6\u00f6tis ' , meaning `` in fallow '' . 
  also , those similar forms go all the way from the baltic sea to the urals . 
  the map is misleading in regard to the many native peoples within rf . 
  edit . 
  alternative old meaning based on the finnish ` syksy ' might have been ` sy\u00f6ksy ' , meaning `` a fall/plunge down '' . 
  in estonian language that would be 's \u00f6\u00f6st ( e ) ' . 
  not a very good match . 
  but maybe . 
  some more : h\u00e4ire = disruption , alert , alarm = finnish ` h\u00e4lytys ' verb ` h\u00e4irima ' = to disturb verb ' ( h ) \u00fc\u00fcrgama ' = to make a loud noise edit . 
  ` haru ' = a branch = finnish ` haara ' verb ` hargnema ' = to branch out, 
  larger rising nations ? 
  which ones ? 
  rising to which level ? 
  you do realize that in a finite world the population has limits ? 
  china wo n't grow much longer . 
  india ca n't , because they have run out of land and water . 
  africa could grow a bit longer , but their current growth is not based on their own - eliminate that growth ( because their current benevolents run out of steam ) and africa is a cardhouse . 
  there is no need for any additional growth .
