  provably oxymoron in practice . 
   that 's just faulty use of statistics . 
  quite the opposite . 
  it is truly applied statistics . 
   people do not vote for singular issues on elections , they vote to elect representatives into office . 
  and that is exactly the problem . 
   opinion polls quite simply do n't factor in at all . 
  lol . 
   asylum laws and eu asylum rules apply , and immigration and asylum have nothing in common . 
  asylum is part of overall immigration , even if ( edit . 
  establishment ) law sees them separately . 
   nobody is going to talk , or vote , about anything related to immigration . 
  that is good to know for brexiteers . 
  you can take the mean or a median . 
  there is plenty of empirical evidence . 
  the speed of assimilation of finno-ugric tribes in russia . 
  the speed of integration of russian speakers in estonia . 
  the fall of achaean greece after the dorian invasion and the following rise of classical greece ( and the assimilation within peloponnesos ) . 
  the fall of rome and the rise of medieval europe . 
   we are dealing with a representative democracy . 
  as everyone can see , in practice ` representative democracy ' is an oxymoron . 
   european countries are not governed by daily opinion polling . 
  one can integrate over time , if desired . 
  would not change the conclusion . 
   also , can we stop with the false dichotomy ? 
  nobody is going to vote for `` limited '' versus `` limitless '' immigration at all ... merkel and juncker and the establishment push for limitless immigration . 
  a hint - immigration laws become limited after an actual low limit has been set . 
  a quota is a required minimum amount ( ie . 
  lower bound ) , not an upper bound . 
  on page 36 : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_first_en.pdf if 56 % of the citizens of the eu member states want to limit immigration from outside of eu , and if 34 % would want no limits to immigration , then the probability ( of representative democracy ) that 23 eu member states out of 28 would vote for limitless immigration is about 230 parts per billion . 
  if the standard deviation of polling results is 1,5 % , then the confidence bounds for 6-sigma would be 9 % from the mean . 
  even at that 6-sigma confidence border , the probability of 23 out of 28 states voting for limitless immigration would be about 1/5000 . 
  so the chances that we are dealing with a democracy are pretty slim . 
  edit . 
  http://vassarstats.net/binomialx.html n = 28 k = 23 p = 0.34 p : 23 or more out of 28 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 2.3022e-7 ( that was the 230 parts per billion ) p : 23 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 ( the 6-sigma confidence border , if standard deviation is 1,5 % ) method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0000258 ( that is 26 parts per million , not 1/5000 ) p : 20 or more out of 28 p = 0.43 method 1 . exact binomial calculation : 0.0022 ( that is 2 parts per thousand ), 
   it 's rare that immigrants do n't assimilate to the host culture within a few generations . 
  actually it is a rule that assimilation takes about 1000 years . 
  perhaps someone should address that to our president ilves and pm r\u00f5ivas ? 
  bacteria growth in a petri dish, 
   immigration is always a net positive in the long run , not accounting for social cohesion and friction between ethnic groups . 
  you are discounting a lot . 
  are you sure you did n't leave anything out of the discount ? 
  the establishment of the west has been in power since the roman era . 
  not so with the east . 
   many of younger generation that have traveled and seen more the ussr , are more open and tolerant . 
  correction : many of those with a job in brussels or strasbourg miraculously become more `` open '' and `` tolerant '' . 
  those who just travel and have ordinary jobs have a more down to earth view and resist mass immigration . 
  time would solve the situation peacefully if the share of immigrants would be small and steady . 
  that not being the case , time will find less peaceful solutions . 
   virtually any credible economist would say that immigration is economically useful and promotes growth . 
  virtually the same economists also claim that economic growth is eternal . 
   by your logic , ussr must 've been really shitty at ethnically cleansing you do n't you think , with 97-98 % of estonians still being in estonia , but must 've been awesome at cleansing everyone else , including russians . 
  i was not gon na make it easier for you to continue to smear estonia . 
  but i can give you some hints for possible reasoning of soviet deporters and nkvd executioners ( troikas aka death squads ) . 
  a lot of russians in estonia were so-called white russians from the civil war ( think of yudenich army ) . 
  estonian communists failed in their coup in 1924 and failed generally between 1918-1939 , therefore stalin did not trust them and decided to turn them into an example . 
  and as i already wrote , 50 % of estonian communists were estonian jews . 
  it is also quite possible that those of non-estonian or mixed background were economically above average . 
  so soviets targeted the elite , above average families and communists . 
   we 're done here . 
  let 's hope so . 
  the other group are actually internationalists , not europeans . 
   multiculturalism is not inviting people to your country to work the worst jobs , putting them in ghettos , looking down on them , and then wondering why they do n't join you . 
   that 's fine but my point was n't that multiculturalism is the most successful , fool proof thing in the universe , only that it has n't actually been implemented here in europe . 
   persistent multiculturalism would require segregation . 
  the alternatives are assimilation or india . 
  canada is too young ( and therefore socially unstable ) to be shown off as an example . 
  canada can evolve into france or britain or india . 
  i am cool with what finnish and estonian languages have when put together . 
  see , it is debatable . 
   you know , i read all the way to this : loll . 
   no , the problem was that within the current estonian borders , in 1947 , estonians constituted 97-98 % of estonia 's population . 
  while in 1990 , estonians constituted 60 % . 
   at this point , i will not read any further . 
  any person that celebrates ethnic cleansing practised by nazis this openly is not worthy of any reasonable person 's time . 
  the ethnic cleansing was equally divided by the soviets and the nazis . 
  the first soviet deportations happened before the nazi attack , among others about 10 % of estonian jews were deported and about 90 % of the deported in the first wave died en route . 
  later deportation waves had about 33 % death rate en route . 
  soviets especially targeted non-estonians ( including jews ) and estonian communists ( of whom 50 % were estonian jews ) . 
  so you can spread your b\u00e4ckmennish hatred as much as you like , it wo n't affect the situation . 
   the estonian ss asshole happily announcing that estonien ist judenfrei was not a hero to be celebrated , and massive purges of jews , russians , ukrainians and other `` subhuman races '' by nazis is not to be celebrated either . 
  and yet , it is still an open question who killed more estonian jews ( imported jews not included ) - soviets or nazis . 
  ( edits to correct the quotation marks . ), 
  i merely wanted to show that your claims are debatable . 
  cuba has one of the best medicare . 
   economic costs . 
  it costs money to build walls , deploy police and army on the borders , and the commerce is impeded by border checks . 
  ( long-term , admitting a lot of migrants costs more , but if spike is temporary it might be cheaper to wait with the walls ) . 
  that is an investment that can be financed by the qe money . 
   idealistic costs . 
  in case of full stop , the damage to the self-image of humanitarian europe could be substantial . 
  damages need to be balanced , pendulum way . 
   in case of filtration , it still needs to be organized properly without actual refugees suffering alongside less-sympathetic economic migrants in the camps ( that 's what happened when greece was overwhelmed ) . 
  precautionary principle would require minimizing the suffering of europe , not of immigrants . 
   she might believe that wars in syria , iraq , libya , etc. 
  will be over in several years and things will go back to normal . 
  if so , just dealing with the spike and not doing any long-term changes fast is a better option . 
  that opinion would go against the un , ipcc and dod estimates . 
   or , even if she thinks that things stay the same or worse , this could happen slowly enough for traditional methodical approach to crisis management ( instead of knee-jerk populist responses ) . 
  the populist approach is what merkel is doing at present - much talk and little result in 12 months , in 3 years , in 10 years .
