my point was that they do n't need to be a majority to cause trouble . 
  look at your country . 
  bosnia , albania , chad , lebanon ... not sure if all of these are foreigners , though . 
  i was referring to countries where muslims are foreigners . 
   from an economical point of view yes can you expand on this ? 
  why would it benefit the economy ? 
  these look lovely, 
  we would have probably won if people did n't vote for us . 
  if a nation even gets 1 point from the telephone votes , the jury ca n't vote for that nation . 
  assuming i understood it properly , it 's such a bullshit system if you ask me . 
  things like this are why i love europe so much, 
  easily one of the best series i 've watched . 
  brilliantly made and very realistic . 
  were . 
  alright , i think it 's bad and you think it 's good . 
  guess we 'll just agree to disagree . 
   every now and then the civilisation gets complacent and needs a kick in the butt to wake up . 
  i like this statement . 
   but right this very moment everything is being done to mitigate the crisis yeah , after the damage is already done . 
   immigration does n't bring flowers and roses , indeed . 
  it brings life to life !, 
  these are very exciting times - risky and exciting . 
  what 's so exciting about mass immigration ? 
  i can honestly see no long term good in this . 
  at the rate we 're going europeans are going to become a minority in their own countries - look at london and the birth rates between migrants and natives . 
  is n't this basically genocide ? 
  how are you going to mitigate this ? 
  what 's the point of this risk , anyway ? 
  just because the chances are small does n't make the problem go away . 
  would it be fine if there was a group of white supremacists killing blacks ? 
  they 're an extreme minority , so who cares ? 
  i personally do n't think so . 
  and it does n't have to be a terrorist attack to be a problem . 
  mass immigration from third world countries does n't bring all rose and flowers for europeans , and that 's a fact . 
  no one ever said that refugees are all terrorists . 
  i 'll just give you my opinion , which is also very valid and rooted in reason - all muslim terrorists are migrants , or sons of migrants . 
  let me just give you another opinion , which is also valid - while being generally peaceful people , radical muslims are not a small minority . 
   those people who commit attacks in europe lived for a long time here so , stop letting these people here ? 
  so , religion ? 
  provide facts and reasons against the arguments you are against instead of making snarky remarks , then people will take your standing more seriously . 
  subtly mocking people that go against your view . 
  what a nice way to try to silence opinions you do n't like . 
  let 's just hope that isis - and the extremist muslim mentality - get wiped out of the earth at some point . 
  yep i 'm well aware that pakistan is a gorgeous region . 
  i 'm probably going to visit it at some point . 
  i think that makes me more of a realist . 
  it 's unrealistic to think that you 've got to care about all the 7 billion people on the face of earth . 
  this is why we have countries and unions in the first place . 
  otherwise we 'd be all a single global union . 
   yet i 'm pretty sure the people who actually died in european soil did n't have `` any obligation to help '' and still risked their lives ( and often paid the price for it ) for our future . 
  are you referring to us soldiers here ? 
  being obliged to do what their country says is actually their job . 
   i 'm glad that there are some people out there that are not as self-centered and selfish as you . 
  caring about the future and the people of my country and europe , i do n't see how that makes me self-centered and selfish . 
  was a desire to help people the only reason us helped ? 
  did n't there were other interests of political nature ? 
  i think it 's not worth risking your life for people you do n't know and that you do n't have any obligation to help , but that 's just my opinion . 
  their choice in the end , i guess . 
  why do people even bother going there , that 's a question i would like to be answered, 
  nope , not at all . 
  they are actually far-left , open borders and soft stance on eu, 
  provide a counter argument or consider that your opinion is full of shit . 
  [ yeah like , there is no way that 's real ] ( https://youtu.be/mfe0qaiofmq ), 
  i think it 's because there is a jewish elite in the west that controls media and banks , who work for israel 's interest at the detriment of europe . 
  i have nothing against jews , my problem is with the elite . 
  why was he a crazy maniac who deserved to die ? 
   the point of pride is your influence no ? 
  no , pride comes from association , even if there is no real influence . 
  you do n't have to score the goal to take pride in your team winning the game . 
  so , to answer your question :  if you have no influence on something , and it would have happened regardless of your existence , then why feel good about an achievement ? 
  because sometimes a particular achievement is achieved by someone that you can feel represented by - associated with - even if there is no direct influence on your part . 
  when you are part of a group , however real or abstract that group can be , you feel inclined to take pride in that group 's accomplishments . 
  are you more likely to root for e.g. 
  an olympic athlete from your own country or one from another country ? 
  does it matter that it was just a chance that you are from the same country of one athlete or the other ? 
  that is the point . 
  let 's reverse the roles then . 
  what if it was your dad that was responsible for an amazing achievement ? 
  would you feel pride in having an awesome dad or not ? 
  or would you say to yourself `` oh the pleasure i 'm feeling is so nonsensical and irrational , i did absolutely nothing ! '', 
   we had no control in where we were born or who was in our tribe to teach us our values . 
  but dads ( ancestors ) do have control on where kids ( discendants ) are born and the values they learn . 
   your son is influenced directly by you in his opinions , dreams and goals . 
  so would it make no sense for a son to be proud of a dad that influences him positively ? 
  see where i 'm getting ? 
  the point i 'm making is that the way a son would be proud of a dad that left him with good values and a chance to succeed in life , the same way i feel proud of those ancestors that fought and sacrificed themselves for the idea of a free country with all the rights and liberties that it offers , for which my son would n't have been able to succeed without them in the first place . 
   i am naturally more immersed in the culture of my country yeah , that 's what i was getting at . 
   that does n't make it better or anything . 
  never said it did . 
   anyone who finds them interesting or useful ? 
  which makes us go back to the previous point : as you said , you are `` naturally more immersed in the culture of your country '' . 
  it 's poles that will care about the preservation of their cultural identity , not anyone else . 
  if poles were to drop their customs , language , traditions , etc. 
  no one else would come pick them up . 
  all that represents the beauty of poland would vanish . 
  i believe that what makes the world beautiful is its diversity . 
  if we did n't care about preserving the qualities that make up the cultural identity of our countries , the world would probably start to look dull and boring . 
  their actions are what made the country - with all its qualities and freedoms - what it is today , that 's what i take pride with . 
   and i definitely do n't see why i should care more for polish achievements the idea is that you are more associated to your country than any other , on the basis of culture , language , ethnicity , traditions , etc. 
  all key tenents of what makes a nation .
