  yes , i know , its originally from ireland . 
  but , as always , we imported the commercialised us-version of dressing in green and getting wasted . 
  nobody here is irish , so nobody knows whats being celebrated on this day , but people just like another reason to get drunk , i guess . 
  ok , just note that this thread is full of people correcting the glaring errors in your original post . 
  just google it ffs . 
  you ca n't explain every undemocratic tendency with `` lmao we 're a republic anyway '' . 
  again , those two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  the two concepts are n't really related to each other . 
  please read up on what `` republic '' and `` democracy '' mean, 
  literally 100 % of the time this comes up in the 21st century its some asshat on fox news parroting that shit . 
   they are not a democracy . 
  they are a republic . 
  oh please , not that shitty gop talking point again . 
  austria ( and many other countries ) is a republic and a democracy at the same time . 
  those two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  thanks for reminding me and ruining my day, 
  tried walking to a grocery store in orlando once . 
  returned hours later without reaching the store and nearly getting run over a couple of times . 
  in other words , you 're absolutely fucked without a car and sidewalks are often non-existent . 
  i like the sz but their style of writing headlines is giving me cancer . 
  its a city full of rich-kids with daddy 's credit card, 
   damn you , prussians !, 
  we certainly can agree on that, 
  [ try again ] ( http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/5457f4d269beddd24059ce5c-800-600/01-633.png ), 
  grumpy self-depreciation mixed with constant complaining and morbid jokes, 
  i do n't like ads, 
  lower austria has n't got the memo, 
  religion - fuck no food - yes , love it fashion - no , lederhosen are for 18th century farmers and tourists gestures - do n't know any austrian gestures , so i guess no, 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i just thought it is kinda cool regardless . 
  also road signs in and around vienna have `` brno '' , `` praha '' and `` bratislava '' written on them . 
  [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f2/a23_knoten_kaiserm\u00fchlen_1.jpg/1920px-a23_knoten_kaiserm\u00fchlen_1.jpg ) , makes me feel european and connected to my neighbours . 
  i was exaggerating , but its close . 
  lots of lower league teams as well . 
  london itself has like 10 pl teams, 
  no you do n't get it the thing is that you are wrong and we are right, 
  this is the only correct answer, 
  whats wrong with netto ? 
  they saved my from starving in munich . 
  went sailing in mazury lake district in north-eastern poland . 
  got out of the boat late at night to pee and as i returned there was a full-grown wolf standing there just looking at me . 
  fortunately he was way more interested in the nearby garbage bins . 
  i probably would n't have been tasty anyway , with all the booze in my stomach and the crap in my pants . 
  also good for the mobility scooter industry, 
  and this is a good thing ? 
  this `` purity '' is completely subjective and bound to change . 
  in the early 1900s the german variant spoken in prague of all places was regarded as the most `` pure '' form . 
  lmao . 
  us students ca n't even leave their cafeteria, 
  went to school in a small town directly at the austrian-czech border . 
  free periods were spent in another country ( this was before czechia joined the eu ) . 
  `` let me tell you about your language '', 
  i have literally 5 euros on my bank account, 
  honorable mention to schneebrunzer and eierb\u00e4r, 
  every polish guy i 've ever seen playing online games was by far the best player on that server . 
  this guys are freaking pros and their username is always somethingsomethingpl . 
  in battlefield i choose to change server when i notice too many of those pl guys running around . 
  this has n't changed since unreal tournament btw . 
  i recently saw the austrian movie `` jack '' and it made me quite angry how it portrayed unterweger as this sensitive mysterious guy , when in fact he was a psychopath and cold-blooded killer . 
  it felt like the filmmakers and artists involved fell for his charisma , yet again . 
  the autobahn is the one time where the usually level-headed , pragmatic , collectivist germans go all `` muh freedoms '' . 
  it 's astonishing , really . 
  lots of emotion in this topic , which is a non-debate in pretty much every other european country afaik . 
  i also like it , it has that pessimistic sad-clown feel to it , which makes it quintessentially viennese . 
  but , unless you have kids , i would n't recommend it to tourists , you 'll literally only take a picture of the ferris wheel there . 
  they 've got something for all you lederhosen wearing germans as well :  wienerschnitzel , the world 's largest hot dog chain , is tipping its stein to the company 's `` sort of german '' roots by offering grilled bratwurst in celebration of oktoberfest . 
  sausage and oktoberfest fans are encouraged to break out their lederhosen and take part in the 200-year-old global celebration by heading to their nearest wienerschnitzel to try the new grilled bratwurst , available now through october . 
  smothered with mustard and kraut or grilled onions , it 's like an oktoberfest in your mouth . 
  * eye twitches *, 
  apparently there is a restaurant chain called `` wienerschnitzel '' [ trigger warning ] ( http://www.grubgrade.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/footlongs-wienerschnitznel.jpg ), 
  yes !, 
  got to mention alltagsgeschichten . 
  especially the donauinsulaner episode . 
  gut , eierb\u00e4r . 
   deitsch oh so close . 
  or speaking in austrian dialect . 
  so they managed to butcher their own name . 
  shows how much these folks know about germany and the language . 
  dude , those breaks are put in place for commercials first and foremost , there is no way to sugar coat it . 
  or do you really believe nfl coaches need two hours during the game to figure out their tactics ? 
  i watch a lot of nba and i often get some kind of international feed , where the feed stays in the arena whenever the us audience is bombarded with ads . 
  and then you see tons of bored fans and players scratching their balls literally waiting for the commercials to end so they can continue playing . 
  it 's why kiss-cams and cheerleaders are a thing . 
  they keep the people somewhat entertained during the constant breaks . 
  truth is , american sports fans are numb after decades of corporate throat-fucking . 
  the rules would be fine , it 's the two hours of commercials for 15 mins of play that does it for me . 
  well there is a difference between using a tractor and messing around with genetics , do n't you think ? 
  krampus 1 . 
  spend lots of time preparing horrifying mask 2 . 
  get absolutely shit-faced 3 . 
  proceed running around town , wearing said mask and beat people with sticks . 
  bonus points for smacking hot girls . 
  i know some of our neighbours do this as well , but nobody takes it as serious as our alpine folks . 
  when germany sends its people , they do n't send their best . 
  they send nc-refugees and east german waiters . 
  they bring their towels and their tunke . 
  they explain jokes . 
  and some , i assume , are named kai . 
  well i guess i got lucky then , since most germans in vienna have the charisma of a chainsaw and the voice of a obersturmbannf\u00fchrer . 
  i only come across imperial units when looking at height measurements in nba basketball .
