  i 'm sure there would be some `` mental institution '' with bars waiting for him , if he lives that long . 
  meh , we tried that `` local power '' thing in the past . 
  did n't work out that well . 
   '' reserving '' a beach spot with a towel rip germany, 
  `` herrenbrot '' to be elected next german chancellor, 
  does n't this take all the fun and competitiveness out of the game ? 
  genuinely curious about that . 
  yeah , the super bowl is its on beast . 
  look , here is beyonce , here are some fighter jets accompanying the final notes of the us anthem . 
  seems like the game itself does n't really matter . 
  its a little bizarre watching from the outside . 
  i have n't ever played it . 
  not sure how this is supposed to be done without all the padding or risking severe injuries ( or taking any potential fun out of the game ) . 
  i 've watched a couple of games ( my brother is a huge nfl fan ) and it could be pretty fun , if it was n't ruined by the endless commercial breaks . 
  seriously , you guys need to revolt against that shit . 
  its not a sport with commercial breaks anymore , its a 3 hour commercial with short football breaks . 
  every non-european who is interested in this topic needs to watch the bbc documentary called `` gypsy child thieves '' , the title says it all , really . 
  organised theft , child abuse , arranged marriages of underage girls , gypsy `` kings '' living in ridiculous mansions - you name , they do it . 
  the whole thing is available on youtube ( too lazy to look for the link right now ) . 
  this should be recommended viewing for everybody on reddit , who is like `` omg europeans so racist towards gypsies '' . 
  seriously , watch it and tell me your country would tolerate that shit . 
  that being said , there is also a lot of confirmation bias . 
  if i see a well-dressed dude on his way to work , i would think he is turkish or whatever , but not roma . 
  otoh if i see a beggar with a child on the subway i immediately assume they are gypsies ( and they are 99 % of the time ) . 
  what i 'm trying to see is : there are some well-integrated roma , they just are n't as visible as the non-integrated ones . 
  idk about any recent immigrants from iran . 
  most of them are from syria , afghanistan or northern africa . 
  its too early to tell how they 'll integrate - and keep in mind that the `` old '' immigrants had 30 + years to integrate , so its way to early to compare those two groups . 
  most iranians in austria ( and i guess most of europe ) , came shortly before and after the islamic revolution , which means that most of them are more secular and educated than the `` average '' immigrant . 
  also their perception is pretty positive in my opinion , if i hear `` iran '' or `` persia '' i tend to think of ancient culture , great food and beautiful women . 
  that is not the case when i hear `` afghanistan '' or `` saudi arabia '' . 
  get on our level pls, 
  i agree , there should be something like a mentoring program ( do n't know if mandatory or not ) , where locals and refugees can meet in an informal setting and just talk about whatever . 
  it does wonders for our mutual understanding , when you can attach a real face to the news reports . 
  my gf befriended a young syrian girl ( about 12 or 13 yo ) in a park about a year ago . 
  she basically just walked up to her and asked if she can sit next to her , then started talking . 
  her dad was killed by jihadists and she and her mother left for germany and then decided to stay in vienna . 
  now they meet about once a month at the same park and i went with her the last time . 
  it 's incredible how much of the german language this girl managed to learn in a pretty short period of time . 
  uhm , ever heard of guys called kkk ? 
  i 'm betting 5 euros on `` brainwashed since birth '', 
  psa : do n't ever go to oktoberfest if you want to experience something `` authentic '' or `` german '' . 
  imagine the worst music ever made by mankind being grunted by a bunch of shitfaced canadians in fake lederhosen . 
  * that * right there is the truly authentic oktoberfest experience nowadays . 
  i never got the whole ancestry thing . 
  what do you guys expect ? 
  walking through berlin and everybody will recognise and greet you like some long-lost relative ? 
  do you think you 'll gain any advantage because your grandmother lived there at some point ? 
  sometimes it seems like americans see europe as one tiny village , where everyone knows everybody and be like `` ahh good ol' krauty mckrautface , have n't seen him around since 1905 , welcome back son . '', 
  truth is , you 're just another american tourist to them . 
  and thats okay . 
  i guess we would get drunk and make fun of the germans, 
  anything close to the swiss border . 
  vorarlberg ( the most-western part of austria ) has the highest average income , despite being like 90 % mountains , because of people commuting to switzerland for work . 
  we are cheap labour for them . 
   when people complain about us standing on both sides of the escalator . 
  not true at all . 
  thats how you spot the non-locals in vienna . 
  a slight push and a death-stare usually does the job . 
  til u/ante _ portas personally started ww1, 
  i know , i grew up there and everybody with a half a brain left for the city as soon as possible . 
  thats just plane wrong, 
  for * some reason * this works better with a german or austrian flair, 
   viennese suburbs  vienna said no-one ever, 
  oh shut up , south-canada, 
  lmao , no way . 
  bayern would be `` nordtirol '' and vienna the capitol . 
  meh , sounds like some triggered bild-editor heard about `` piefke '' and decided `` now i 'm gon na come up with something * really insulting * '', 
  haha , got it . 
  go on , then . 
  uh sorry . . but at times it 's hard to tell with you guys, 
  viking people do n't have friends . 
  two possible options come to mind : 1 . his friend did n't smoke any weed , but wanted to tell a stoner story after returning . 
  his story sounds like what people , who have never tried it , think the effects of cannabis are like . 
  2 . he dropped a shit ton of acid or shrooms and does not want you to know . 
  so you guys shoot our archduke and then kept the coffee houses ? 
  yeah , for some reason i just thought of german speaking cities . 
  prague and vienna have a very similar vibe indeed . 
  hamburg is disqualified because of the weather . 
  well , we 're better * habsburg pride intensifies * berlin is cooler tho, 
  idk its two completely different cities . 
  despite somewhat sharing a language , they do n't really `` compete '' in the same categories . 
  berlin is a huge , dirty and hip metropolis with a weird mix of old , new and communist-style buildings . 
  in comparison vienna is tidy , laid back and filled with historic architecture . 
  imo berlin `` competes '' with cities like london and paris , while viennas counterparts are munich and zurich, 
  i also liked it a lot . 
  thats kind of the point though . 
  every tourist loves it , while the rest of germany often resents it and everything it stands for . 
  imo its a mixture of : - the typical resentment against a nations capitol ( as seen across the world ) - a dose of envy for the cities vibrant lifestyle ( berlin does n't even feel `` german '' to me , its the only truly multicultural place in germany ) - a lot of understandable criticism ( berlin somehow manages to generate a net loss despite being the capitol and having twice the amount of people than the countries 2nd largest city . 
  pretty spectacular ) . 
  you 're now a moderator at r/aeiou, 
  also worth noting that `` mediocre '' in austria mostly means having a mid-level job at a medium-sized company and spending a huge chunk of the income on hobbies , outdoor activities and travel . 
  not too bad tbh . 
   but , as always , we imported the commercialised us-version of dressing in green and getting wasted . 
  i like that we have four distinct seasons . 
  summers are hot , winters are cold , spring is mild , autumn is cloudy . 
  none of that weird in-between shit . 
  does not want to share the oil money . 
  / s sort of, 
  st. patricks day .
