  and every time i feel sorry for anyone who has to use that shit . 
  instead of just saying this guy is 211 cm tall , in the us they have to write he is 6 `` 9/4 .89028043 pleasekillme, 
  `` german german '' can melt steel beams , but not hearts . 
  taxi driver , who `` lost '' his high school diploma, 
  get the corporate super-pac money out of politics . 
  shorten the election campaign to something more sane , like two months . 
  get rid of the electoral college , its not 1840 anymore . 
  have more than two relevant parties . 
  make it easier and faster to vote , there are too many hoops to jump through in order to cast a vote . 
  basically , start from scratch . 
  germany, 
  everybody i ever met from bonn seemed to have a chip on his shoulder regarding his hometown . 
  source : most germans in austria just say which part they 're from , bonners go on a complex-ridden rant . 
  no because stoners are quiet, 
  i 've never heard of this , until encountering a tanzverbot in munich . 
  suddenly the music is turned off , the lights go on and everybody is told to leave and most people shrug and go home . 
  absolutely mind-boggling . 
  whats the point of public holidays other than getting wasted ? 
  tl ; dr : - born in ( nowadays ) austria - raised in austria - achieved greatness in austria - died und buried in austria is actually german, 
  nowadays , the biggest remaining difference is humour imo . 
  austrian humour is often described as very twisted , dark and self-depreciating , but at the same time very indirect and `` behind your back '' . 
  it 's all about reading between the lines and context . 
  german humour seems very innocent , naive and childish , but at the same time seems confrontational and `` in your face '' . 
  they basically say exactly what they mean . 
  people from southern germany seem to adjust quite well in austria , while people from the north and the `` middle '' ( austrian comedians refer to the area as `` humour sahel zone '' ) seem to struggle fitting in ( esp in vienna ) . 
  otoh , i had to really scale back my cynicism while doing an internship in munich . 
  otherwise people would 've thought i 'm mean and a bit scary . 
  source : lots of germans in vienna, 
  i 'll stay away from the obvious ones like saudi arabia and say it 's the us . 
  this is based on my recent experiences with american expats in vienna . 
  they put on a huge smile and loudly exclaim the greatness of things . 
  we prefer resting bitch face and complaining - in silence . 
  nope , not popular at all . 
  my family is a centuries old mix of austrian , german , czech , slovakian , polish and hungarian - in other words : a typical austrian family tree . 
  nothing special really , but in the us i 'd probably be seen as king of diversity . 
  also , if your ancestry is n't 90 % poor farmers you 're being lied to . 
  as others have said , it 's inevitable . 
  funnily enough , it 's going to be the big corporations pushing for it at some point , because at the end of the day they want the people to be able to spend money on their products . 
  from that moment on even conservative and neo-liberal politicians will push for it and it 's going to be implemented surprisingly fast . 
  i just hope it happens before mass unemployment and angry voters open up the abyss ( looking at you 1920/30s ), 
  * winks harder *, 
  dude , why should european left wing groups define themselves through anti-trump policies ? 
  they 've got our own eu politics to be upset about . 
  you guys and your president are n't as important to us as you tend to believe . 
  stop forcing young kids to make decisions early on . 
  at age 12 i had to decide if i wanted to focus on languages/arts or mathematics/science . 
  i chose science , not out of interest , but because thats what all my friends did . 
  most boys chose science , most girls chose languages . 
  had lots of mathematics , physics , chemistry and biology classes and i hated every single one of them . 
  i 'm working in media/film business now , so i gained absolutely nothing from that decision . 
  since one of these kings was black and austria does not have a large black population , it also leads to [ this , which will upset americans once they find out about it ] ( http://www.br.de/themen/bayern/inhalt/kult-und-brauch/feiertage-heilige-drei-koenige-epiphanias104~_v-img__16__9__xl_-d31c35f8186ebeb80b0cd843a7c267a0e0c81647.jpg?version=232e3 ), 
  idk why , but i always mess up `` mayor '' ( as in mayor quimby ) . 
  impossible to not make it sound like `` major '', 
  this so much . 
  people from all over the world go there to take `` sound of music '' tours , yet most of the austrian population does not know the film , most of us have not seen the film and we probably would n't like the film if we somehow happen to see it . 
  it 's like me going to japan to visit the locations of an austrian kung fu movie , a spectacular waste of time . 
  yes , i totally agree . 
  unfortunately `` protest '' votes in austria have traditionally always gone to the right ( read , fp\u00d6 ) . 
  i do n't know if thats because of the lack of alternatives on the left or if there are no alternatives on the left , because voters do n't demand that option . 
  in theory , the greens could have filled that void , but they are too busy with niche topics for their 15 % clientele . 
  the kp\u00d6 does some really good things ( they give a lot of their income from politics to charity ) , but they ca n't rid themselves of their own ideological flaws . 
  austria : so the historic big two are sp\u00d6 ( social democrats ) and \u00d6vp ( christian conservative ) . 
  they are similar to spd and cdu in germany or labour and conservative in the uk . 
  and they are facing similar problems : the social democrats sold out quite a long time ago , abandoning their key demographic , the working class , and instead bending over for corporate interests . 
  the christian conservatives have an aging and shrinking voter base and their primary concern is somehow regaining power and pleasing their wealthy overlords . 
  in fact their policies only benefit the top few percent of incomes , but they get elected by the rural folks , because `` it 's always been that way '' and `` values '' . 
  both of those big parties are bleeding voters to the fp\u00d6 . 
  they are right-wing populists and they 've been around a very long time ( founded by actual nazis after ww2 ) . 
  they are anti-imigration , anti-eu and anti-everything , as long as they do n't have come up with solutions themselves . 
  it 's a never ending cycle . 
  whenever the fp\u00d6 gets popular enough to gain power , they fuck up in most spectacular fashion . 
  the following election they lose a lot of votes . 
  then the population is n't satisfied with the government and the fp\u00d6 starts regaining votes and the cycle continues . 
  right now they are on the cusp of gaining power once again . 
  then there is the green party , which has its roots in the anti-nuclear movement , but has developed into a fell-good niche party for upper class urban folks . 
  unsurprisingly they are quite strong in the nice parts of vienna , but not so much outside the college-educated hipster crowd . 
  latest addition are neos . 
  they are a business friendly , liberal party . 
  they want tax cuts , less government and are mostly backed by a quite well-known billionaire . 
  then there are others like team stronach , but they wo n't be relevant after the next election . 
  best austrian rapper has to be kamp from vienna . 
  dude just has the perfect mix of twisted austrian humour and incredible rhyme schemes . 
  ( `` sobald ich losrap ' gibt es \u00c4rger , denn ich bin ihr todeslistenerster , wie josef hickersberger '' ) [ example 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poltk7ac3ts ) [ example 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxscnkuqxwg ), 
  maybe things have changed in the meantime , but when i was caught with some weed at schiphol about 5 years ago , the young security guard just laughed and pointed towards a waste bin . 
  i guess i just got lucky or the amount was too small for him to bother . 
  but yeah , i would n't advise it . 
  it 's very easy to get that stuff in barcelona . 
  you do n't need to go to amsterdam to hook it up . 
  most : all the shit we overcame as a society and the way we rebuilt our country and economy after ww2 . 
  also the rich cultural heritage , especially when it comes to music and high arts . 
  least : you know , all the shit we did , which we had to overcome later . 
  yup , teeth are like stars - yellow and far away from each other on a serious note : i think its because in the us getting braces and whitening your teeth seems like the standard procedure for everybody . 
  here we just use braces if they are really necessary and less for cosmetic reasons ( although this is changing ) . 
  whitening is very rare in my experience . 
  what you consider yellow is actually the natural colour of human teeth . 
  afaik `` tschechei '' was used for czechoslovakia , seeing how its a mixture of `` tschechien '' and `` slovakei '', 
  not sure i 'm buying the `` tourism '' argument . 
  versailles , sch\u00f6nbrunn etc have no actual monarchs residing there and they still get tons of tourists all year . 
  yes , special occasions like some royal wedding might boost the tourism industry every once in a while , but is it worth paying for some grannies palace ? 
  not sure if it counts as conspiracy theory , but that military coup in turkey had false flag written all over it .
