you could 've tried colonising your next-door neighbours . 
  worked pretty well for us . . wait , no it did n't . 
  i give up . 
  you seem hell-bent to prove vienna is literally baghdad . 
  i find that very hard to believe . 
  it also depends on where you go ( as a tourist its probably the nice areas ) . 
  for example inner city krakow is really nice , whereas in some other districts you can get stabbed for wearing the wrong football scarf . 
  or take paris , if you take the train from the city centre to the airport at night , you are accompanied by lots of police with machine guns to keep you safe while going through the banlieues . 
  this is simply not the case in vienna . 
  i 'm sure there are many more examples . 
  this list is made for upper-middle class expats , to help them decide on a location . 
  obviously it ca n't include suburbs and smaller cities . 
  personally , i 'd be bored to death in a suburb . 
  if anything remotely interesting is in the city , i might as well live there . 
  just know that the g\u00fcrtel , while pretty bad , is nothing compared to the really dangerous parts of other big cities . 
  so what you 're saying is that a vienna-sized karlsruhe would be the highest ranking city on that list . 
  we will never know . 
  right now , it ca n't compete . 
  the 15th district is in no shape or form `` one of the best parts of the city '' . 
  located close to the westbahnhof and the g\u00fcrtel , it was always known for prostitution and drugs . 
  yes , there are some slightly shady areas here , but 1 . every big city has them and 2 . 
  viennas `` bad parts '' are other cities `` decent parts '' . 
  i highly doubt infrastructure , esp public transport , in karlsruhe is the same . 
  munich public transport is shit compared to vienna and its # 4 overall on that list . 
  vie airport is 12-25 mins away by train . 
  a much smaller city claiming to have more green space than a city with 1.7 million people , is like an unemployed person claiming he has more leisure time than somebody working a full time job . 
  with 300k inhabitants you 're supposed to have more green space . 
  also , viennas prater park is about twice the size of ny central park , there are countless smaller and medium sized parks and the giant donauinsel . 
  finally , no way the only difference is culture . 
  there is a reason vienna has been # 1 for eight straight years , while karlsruhe did not make the list . 
  these two play in different leagues . 
  well , yes . 
  vienna is nothing special , if you exclude what makes it special . 
  yes , eastern european cities like venice and vienna are n't big tourist destinations . 
  uncharted territory , really . 
  i 'd give an independent bavaria about two months until it turns into a catholic one-party theocracy . 
  they are germany 's texas , after all . 
  not only expensive , but shit in comparison . 
  i 've never witnessed as many delays and irregularities in another european country as in the uk . 
  it 's only logical , since private companies are set up to cut costs and reduce quality in order to make/increase profits . 
  americans itt : `` it 's the nigg . . uhm , urbans . 
  need more guns '', 
  hahahaha `` stephansdom station smells like vomit because of migrants and addicts '' is a new one . . people talking straight out of their ass again i see, 
  ok , got it . 
  just pointing out that the description does n't really fit the picture . 
   excluding foreign names  kofler , pichler , moser , gruber wat, 
  play stupid game win stupid prize, 
  unless they have some new kind of drinkable beans they should n't even bother, 
  r\u00fcpert m\u00fcrd\u00f6z, 
  that dude is like the prototypical polish fellow, 
  you just had to make this about the us too , right ? 
  just bow down to your real torte and strudel eating overlords , both of you, 
  well , you can . 
  you just have to specify which type of penis . 
  right now short ones ( `` kurz '' ) are in vogue . 
  bz\u00d6 lost a seat to the green party in carinthia , if i remember correctly . 
  the whole thing then went to court , i do n't know what was decided there tbh . 
  afair it was a normal vote for some party and a dick drawn next to another party, 
  in austria a party once lost a seat in regional parliament , because some hero decided to draw a penis on the ballot . 
  edit : aaand my most upvoted comment by far is about a penis on a ballot , which might not even be completely true . 
  til the italian anthem is dissing our eagle ( tbf the eagle actually looks like its losing feathers ), 
  you know what ? 
  i appreciate your effort on that post . 
  well done . 
  migration , shrinking wages , being unhappy with `` german dominance '' - none of these things are exclusive to the uk . 
  hell , nearly every european country is complaining about them . 
  yet , you 're the only ones taking extreme measures like brexit . 
  seems like you found out how to use google , congrats . 
  this does not answer any of my questions , but i did not expect any serious answers anyway . 
  also if you read my first reply i wrote that `` many of my compatriots are stupid as fuck '' . 
  again , i 'm not the one denying the stupidity in my country . 
  funny that you bring up the migrant crisis . 
  austria took lots of refugees ( 3rd per capita after germany and sweden if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  meanwhile the uk helped bush destabilise the whole region , then got so scared they had to leave the eu . 
  i thought my post is going to trigger t_d , instead its a bunch of salty brexiteers . 
  cheer up guys , your side won and you 've successfully fucked yourself with a cactus . 
  enjoy . 
  ok , so whats the reason for brexit , then ? 
  i 'm interested what you are going to pull out your ass to explain that one . 
  why attack polish shops a day after the referendum ? 
  the whole leave campaign was obviously based on nationalism and a false sense of `` making britain great again '' . 
  you can attack my country as much as you 'd like , i 'm not getting triggered by that . 
  also , comparing hofer to literally hitler shows that you ca n't be more than 16 years old and skipped history class a few times too often . 
  also , please lecture me about the humane and non-violent history of the uk , would you ? 
  first of , yes , many of my compatriots are stupid as fuck . 
  second , you seem to think the austrian president has actual power , when in fact he is a representative figure like the queen . 
  third , it was the second round with only two candidates left . 
  finally , a majority of brits voted for brexit based on xenophobia and `` muh sovereignty '' . 
  you guys did n't even need ukip for that . 
  get off your high horse and face the facts . 
  who has never been to or known anything about france, 
  americans , you can stop pretending to speak french now . 
  you have time until fall to learn german . 
  austria , netherlands , now france . . all got away with an black eye only uk and us went full retard . 
  so , what ? 
  you have no choice but parrot some right-wing blog ? 
  edit : i just realised that i 'm talking to a mod from r/mittromney with an england flair . 
  ca n't make this shit up . 
   diversity macht frei blogspot seems legit, 
  this dude would n't just walk out of prison .
