  you have to reach nationalist terrorists hanging out with drag queens levels . 
  who said they were n't . 
  nah , just get a bunch of gay guys to patrol . 
  russians are terrified of them . 
  russians flew over ireland a couple of times , we legalised gay marriage , no russians . 
  it 's a crusade against jihads . 
  bull-shit . 
  it 's been going round and round since the six day war . 
  you do n't like that they want to wipe israel off the map so you want to them to have nukes . 
  why do n't you learn about the deal ? 
  why use more sanctions to get a better deal when you can use even more sanctions to get and even better deal . 
  the us concerns were completely manufactured to begin with . 
  typical tourists . 
  i was expecting a map or something , my brain ca n't process this . 
  i 'm not sure if i should care either . 
  it 's handy . 
  like we have a president but he 's basically an ambassador ( based off the queen in the british system ) . 
  it 's useful to be able to send your official head of state off to some ceremony or official visit while you effective head of state ( prime minister/taoiseach ) can be in negotiations or something . 
  somewhere like the us where the positions are combined the same person has to do both which means time is taken from meeting and decision making to do ceremonial stuff . 
  by that evening the whole country is back to where it started but everyone has a different bike, 
  nothing really , we drink and eat potatoes , i have no problem saying that . 
  we 're in the european union one , we 're just mixed in the the dirty continentals . 
  the main country is missing . 
  this colour coding and my eyes do n't get along . 
  i like immigration , and alcohol . 
  who says they do n't want to, 
  i 'm very happy with this . 
  and if the whole middle east was all neat and compartmentalised we would n't have this mess but it 's all connected . 
  iraq, 
  reject , or said something on a survey . 
  island in the north atlantic , no not that one . 
  yeah but they leave their towels to claim the beach until next year . 
  hippy germans . 
  i image is rug is also black , on a black carpet in a black room . 
  how many black jackets is your leader wearing ? 
  look , you can try to convince me that all that happened but it did n't . 
  if it did the whole country would be able to speak irish and we cant . 
  i did pass and i was forced to rote learn stuff . 
  i have a feeling you 're a teacher and a good one by the sounds of it but we went all that lucky . 
  we 're sticking a firework on it , we 'll see how it goes . 
  i think it 's that french and other european languages are thought conversationally while irish is thought by rote learning . 
  a lot of it is like taking someone who does n't speak english and making them memorise a book of shakespeare . 
  i learned more french in 1 year than i did learning irish for 10 years . 
  i do n't think we have it . 
  unfortunately as long as russia keeps acting the way it is it will continue to be a buffer state regardless of anything nato does . 
  russia would like the whole of eastern europe to be a buffer for it . 
  maybe we should build a pub module and the other ireland can build the other pub module . 
  i 'm a vegetarian and had a french friend . 
  it was very difficult to explain what a vegitarian was , i almost had to draw him diagrams . 
  they 're already trying to get boys and girls seperated and sex-ed removed from irish schools . 
  since we have n't finished secularising our schools really pisses me off . 
  oh , i 've seen that they pull the skin around their teeth back and like just bear their teeth at you . 
  it 's freaky as fuck . 
  christmass markets . 
  typical yanks, 
  this is like watching polandball . 
  yep . 
  yeah , i was around there for a while . 
  they get worse weather at some times of the year but at least they usually know when it 's going to be good or bad so they can plan shit . 
  yep . 
  we 've gotten a nice half day here and there but it 's been humid and raining , like angry torrential rain . 
  typical , dublin gets all the nice stuff . 
  i blame enda . 
  fields of athenry . 
  it 's about the the english punishing an irish man in the worst way possible , turning him into an australian . 
  we all learn the irish language from about 7 years old to about 18 years old , some people who live in previously remote areas speak it as their first language but most people do n't . 
  how it 's thought in school should be studied as a lesson into how not to teach a language since most of us leave school with only pidgin irish . 
  we can only string childlike sentences together in bad grammar and there is n't much opportunity to get better . 
  yep all green all the time . 
  i thought it was just something tourist said until i left the country for nearly a year and coming back it was like the colour was turned up ( like on a tv ) . 
  it rains a lot , europe is having a heatwave and it 's still overcast and raining . 
  i 'm actually kind of impressed . 
  is n't it awful, 
  not really, 
  i 'd bet my shoes on it . 
  if the people vote to leave the government as much as possible will leave in name only and remain part of the eea and quickly come up with a bunch of treaties that amount to something like eu membership . 
  if it was up to politicians i might agree with you but the british public is n't crazy about eu ( or europe as they call it ) . 
  british politicians and media have been scare mongering about eu/europe for a long time . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know weather it 's foreign polling companies or what but they polling companies do n't capture the second , third etc preferences very well . 
  you 're both right . 
  the procedure is the d\u00e1il ( parliament ) votes for the taoiseach ( prime minister ) . 
  but what nearly always happens is the largest party and their coalition votes for the largest party 's leader . 
  yeah . 
  i think we 're in a kind of transitional period . 
  the two big parties are kind of antiquated and divided along old civil war lines which is long over . 
  ireland has always been kind of left leaning and labour has been the largest third party for a long time but they moved a bit right and got decimated . 
  both of those things cause half a dozen new parties to spring up just before the election . 
  so there are a bunch of tiny parties and independents now . 
  personally i would love to see ff/fg either go away or modernise to the point where they 're unrecognisable but i 'm not crazy about this transitional situation . 
  the new left parties basically need merge and some of the independents need to join up so there 's a solid left party rather than little party-lets and leftish independents . 
  generally we do always have coalitions but this one is a bit weird . 
  a bunch of new parties were created before the election , the two big parties basically tied and the biggest third party which generally forms a coalition with one of the bigger parties was decimated . 
  so they 're trying to figure out what to do . 
  a coalition with sinn fein ( totally not the ira ) has been taboo up to now , fianna fail and fine gael are similar enough but hate each other , it would be like the democrats and republicans merging in us politics , and the rest are so fragmented that it would be a nightmare to keep them onside , if you look at the new left parties they ca n't even agree to form one party and they have similar views , trying to get them to agree with a right ( by irish standards ) party would be tricky to say the least . 
  tldr : pr/stv does usually produce coalitions but this is a weird election . 
  to be honest i like the current way of doing it . 
  yeah politicians are stressed for a few more days but it 's more democratic . 
  one company could mess with the voting machine but with the auld ladies counting them all the auld ladies with need a huge conspiracy that they 'd have to execute oceans 11 style under the eyes of the watching public , which would be more impressive than anything . 
  strike dramatique,
