being into latvia soon . 
  should bring potato ? 
  ireland , we do drink but we 're not religious , even those that are are quite about it . 
  this is awful to say but some dictatorships are starting to look pretty good . 
  yes . 
  have you never bought a product before . 
  i think after the ussr fell they built a marxists idea of a capitalist country . 
  they made sure the means of production go into a few people 's hands for example . 
  they take whatever number they want voluntarily , ireland is taking 4,000 ( plus families ) . 
  in this case it 's the romans changing just in case . 
  that 's all in your head or you have a very very thin skin . 
  we need this word in english , badly . 
  lads !, 
  stop with the daily mail . 
  it might be true but the daily mail just makes things up meaning that it should n't be trusted . 
  find another source . 
  or if the sea level rises or something . 
  oh , crimes . 
  we 've all committed crimes . 
  were they bad crimes ? 
  if they 're talking about money to house refugees , well that just makes sense . 
  the article does n't clear up what money they 're talking about . 
  angry people are louder, 
  wow . 
  we 'd better create a system to let them in through a legal route that includes vetting rather than having them mill around looking for holes in borders . 
  people want to hate them and are desperately looking for the smallest thing to justify their hate . 
  i do n't have a problem with religion but it should be kept to your home and your place of worship . 
  it should be kept out of public life including schools . 
  if you want to teach your kids religion do it at home or have an ad-on class at your church ( or whatever ) . 
  having one religious group of kids kept separate from the other kids leads to a lack of integration . 
  you should see the italian version , shoddy . 
  ireland is taking 4,000 . 
  america is taking 10,000 . 
  ireland must be 40 % the size of the us . 
  ooohhhhh, 
  huh , fucking reading . 
  what are they reading for . 
  it should be noted that sky news is a news corp ( owners of fox news ) outlet . 
  this might be heresy but i think the schengen zone needs to be suspended for a while . 
  i 'm for countries taking people in but i agree . 
  it has to be done in an organised way , not just letting people roam around . 
  ask around eastern europe and find a place that wants the funds and build a big possessing camp designed where details can be sorted out . 
  and send them off to the relevant countries . 
  i take them seriously . 
  they 're bad-asses . 
  it is about peace and tolerance to other muslim men , at least in theory . 
  i like feminism . 
  they snuck condoms into the country in the eighties so lads could ride 'em . 
  that show needs more love . 
  some people hate context, 
  `` but it 's their culture '' . 
  some cultures are shitty and need to change . 
  you 're one of those `` all lives mater '' people . 
  i think this is kinda cool, 
  i was expecting it to be more stark . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  ireland was poor when we joined, 
  im on mobile but the 4000 has been on every form of media were have plus that 4000 can bring their families over . 
  edit : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/ireland-to-take-4-000-refugees-in-new-programme-1.2346948 http://www.thejournal.ie/cabinet-meeting-refugee-migrants-2322044-sep2015/ https://www.newstalk.com/ireland-is-taking-4000-refugees--heres-how-it-will-work-and-what-the-government-says-it-will-cost http://www.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/justice-minister-confirms-ireland-take-6415808 http://www.thesun.ie/irishsol/homepage/news/6631214/ireland-to-take-in-4000-refugees.html http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/refugee-crisis-tnaiste-says-number-of-syrian-refugees-resettled-here-will-far-exceed-4000-in-50m-plan-31515634.html http://www.rte.ie/news/player/2015/0910/20844117-ireland-to-accept-4000-refugees/ http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/10/us-europe-migrants-ireland-iduskcn0ra0xu20150910, 
  i did n't think we had a quota, 
  people go on and on about the numbers of people in jobbridge ( the internships ) it 's a couple of thousand people for 9 months , it 's nothing . 
  vikings , close enough, 
  i can only control what i write . 
  i ca n't control what you read into it . 
  i go hiking , i scout things out all the time . 
  they do n't care about cause and effect . 
  they just duct tape facts onto whatever story there pushing . 
  irish gay marriage vote cause influx of refugees, 
  is there any country on earth where the public vote on every issue . 
  is this a real question or empty rhetoric ? 
  finland is n't a dictatorship . 
  ` tis, 
  i 'd guess , it would be scandwegia , canada , us, 
  irl in irl, 
  if i could walk into a job and could try it while i 'm young but the lack of safety nets would keep me up at night . 
  even if things are good it would be in the back of my mind . 
  yeah !, 
  2nd best shitty island in the north atlantic , suck it iceland . 
  for the nasty dictatorship or the islamists ? 
  you 're not supposed to answer questions , you 're supposed to should angry rhetorical questions . 
  if they can get refugee status they can bring their families over after . 
  i 'm sick of this . 
  no one is calling anyone racist . 
  no one is censoring you . 
  do they let them bring their families over . 
  the men are basically scouts for the rest of their families . 
  they 're running from isis , they do n't give a shit about a narrow hard shoulder . 
  i 'm not a lawyer or british but intent is a big part of the common law system so if you did n't intend to do it you should be fine . 
  i think you over estimate the power of the word `` illegal '', 
  i remember the boom . 
  people were complaining then too . 
  i think so but i 'm sure other people are n't feeling it yet . 
  the traffic into dublin has been used as a messure of the economy and it 's definitively busier . 
  that means more people working . 
  we need to keep an eye on articles like this and the one about the guy shouting on the train . 
  they 're bullshit , intentional disinformation , propaganda . 
  if you have a good source for * real * information , great but in my opinion anyone posting intentional lies should be banned . 
  complete your logic . 
  are you saying that if the `` refugees '' want anything that give anyone else on earth licence to do anything ? 
  that 's kind of open end .
