  that 's nothing to do with pr/stv . 
  we 'd be the same if we had fptp, 
  that 's a nice gif, 
  i know a guy that kicked a cop cars window in while they were in it . 
  he was made clean a local church . 
  in the us he would have been shot . 
  how do you have more rights . 
  we can say what we want , you just can lie in the media and as such are n't ruled by a reality tv star . 
  if you think you have more rights you 're deluding yourself . 
  that map hates colourblind people, 
  only one of those parties has living members with a bloody past . 
  wrong ireland . 
  i think a lot more people were registered , because of the gays . 
  nope , in any out in less than a two minutes . 
  they 're not moving to mars . 
  they 'll just be like norway . 
  how could there be anything to `` get '' if it was a question . 
  you 're asking a question right ? 
  you 're here for information or was your question more of an excuse to be a tit . 
  we need cars until we have something safer . 
  you ca n't walk around with machete 's here either . 
  it 's acutally kind of handy . 
  you have one head of state for actually running the country and you have one head of state for all the ceremonial stuff . 
  the us president must spend a lot of time doing stuff that 's not running the country , pinning medals on people , inspecting things , greeting people , ceremonially visiting places . 
  the president is essentially a super ambassador . 
  he only does faux-pas . 
  he 's being hiding from the media because he ca n't take his foot out of his mouth . 
  latvia has more potato ? 
  what 's the white stuff ? 
  i saw a gun one . 
  i just burned my lip on my coffee , fucking brits !, 
  who said anything about causation . 
   culturally , russians in estonia are really not that different from native estonians holy shit . 
  did you just become so pc you became racist . 
  if you live a country for 30 years and do n't speak the language at some point it 's your fault . 
  does being poor make them not russian . 
  no one said they were inherently evil , just that they were russian . 
  the dodgy bits of estonia are the russian bits of estonia . 
  it 's a bit mad that dublin did n't have an armed response unit until now . 
  as irish as they come . 
  but we like suffering . 
  we know . 
  vicky came over , spoke irish . 
  it 's all good . 
  those are irish companies now :p, 
  i have not problem with all the hot eastern european programmers we 're importing . 
  we have talent . 
  we have the highest population of college graduates in europe . 
  we 're not in antarctica . 
  it takes an hour and a $ 20 ryanair flight to get to europe . 
  we have ports for cargo and decent internet connections . 
  we have ports , it 's fine . 
  europe is far away from the continent of ireland . 
  why, 
  and we 're kind of just getting back to where we were . 
  yeah . 
  there is this leaderlessness idea going around that 's really fucking up organisation like that . 
  you need someone that can make decisions . 
  those brits ? 
  i would n't mind voting left but i do n't like the parties . 
  it 's like the greens , i 'm kinda green leaning but they ca n't run a party let alone a government . 
  they all want to run it and do n't have a chain of command . 
  i do n't like sf either but they have a disciplined command structure ( we all know why ) . 
  right . 
  yeah . 
  they were really vague about their policies for a while but once they came out they were really right wing , like american right wing . 
  all the aaa crowd are idiots . 
  they ca n't even property form a party . 
  it does n't too long to look into them . 
  no need to draw it out . 
  that c\u00fapla focal was a classy move on her part . 
  if she showed up to my house , i would n't bow or anything but i 'd make her a cuppa . 
  if you go waaayyy back and very recent . 
  you know people like that never just spit out what they mean . 
  it 's kind of hard to sidestep that most of our history is either internal or to do with our relationship with britain , and vikings , there 's a bit about vikings . 
  i do n't know about anyone else but when i did history it was a lot about britain and independence but i think it was very careful , there was a lot of `` colonialism was in fashion '' . 
  there was no `` are n't we great , are n't they cunts '' it was as unemotional as you could get . 
  there was a disagreement, 
  as long as the eu exists it will be a scapegoat for british politicians . 
  it does n't matter if it 's reformed or britain leaves . 
  the map changed when you were drawing . 
  you 'll have to start again . 
  it looks like wolverine . 
  morally ? 
  typical of someone from the russian steppe, 
  it 's mainly the law catching up with the population but the marriage equality thing i hope has changed politics for the better . 
  a lot of people voted that never voted before , a lot of young people too , people came from as far as australia to vote . 
  the politicians noticed . 
  that said the title is misleading . 
  there is a discussion going on right now about schools but nothing has changed . 
  it will there 's pressure building as there are unbaptised kids who ca n't find a single school in their area 's that will let them in and a lot more people who baptised their kids just to get them into school . 
  and people are sick of the churches shit . 
  yep . 
  in primary school it consisted of first communion , confirmation and confession twice . 
  no clergy regularly on campus . 
  in secondary ( high ) school there was a religion class for 40 minutes once a week that was more of an ethics class i do n't remember religion being discussed . 
  that said in ireland there are degrees of catholicness when it comes to schools . 
  it might be worse than that , they 're looking into mass graves at the moment . 
  the report will take a while but they 've found hidden mass graves , probably babies born out of wedlock outside several convents . 
  the us media is using us as an excuse to cut taxes on companies and the rich so they 've been pushing this narrative hard .
