  that does n't make them less human . 
  i do n't have a problem . 
  better looking women , more food . 
  they 're learning the language , playing trad , paying hurling . 
  it 's all good . 
  i think if it as gaining rather than losing . 
  you should come over and look around . 
  the hq 's and datacenter 's are n't just on paper . 
  the it sector is huge and compared to the rest of the economy did n't really suffer during the recession . 
  the last time i changed jobs i had employers bidding on me . 
  they 're here because : we have a higher percentage of college graduates than any country in the eu we speak english we 're in the euro we 're made it ridiculously easy for foreign companies to come here , in the past that included the tax thing but it 's also about bureaucracy , for large companies it 's very easy . 
  shit the landlord . 
  ah , the cheque 's in the post , it might take a while . 
  these houses part of the government nationalising the housing debt . 
  1 ) they 're not on the market , they 're soft of locked up until nama , government controlled https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bad_bank designed to hold assets until the market picks up and they can be sold off to pay debts 2 ) a lot of them are n't finished or do n't have utilities like power and water finished . 
  builders dropped tools when the market collapsed , some are ok , some are not finished , come were 90 % but would need investment . 
  3 ) most are in areas where people do n't want to live and do n't have many jobs . 
  they 're not near the cities . 
  the government owns them . 
  the cold war is over , cut the mccarthyist bullshit . 
  no they are n't . 
  they were private property until the government nationalised the housing debt , now they 're owned but the government . 
  we have free german money too . 
  they are there , in like reality . 
  there 's a housing crisis in the cities , these places are elsewhere . 
  the government own them , part of the whole nationalising the dept thing . 
  most of them are own by a government owned bank . 
  they are part of nationalising the housing debt . 
  basically the government bought them . 
  a lot of them are n't finished though or the roads and utilities going to them are not finished . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm saying we should take people . 
  i 'm saying it 's a shame that germany ( and a couple of others ) are left to deal with it because the rest of use are ignoring the issue . 
  this issue is too much for any one country to deal with but if we all take a bit of the burden and spread it we can do it . 
  it 's a german problem because they 're willing to do something while the rest of us are sticking our heads in the sand . 
  yeah . 
  either there is a way to cause piece and he 's not doing or there is n't an easy way to piece and we need to deal with the situation that actually exists , in reality . 
  look we ca n't do anything for anyone until we solve this pesky world piece thing . 
  so all the syrians need to do is bring about world piece , over the weekend , from a train station in austria . 
  i have a feeling that if they leave the eu it will be in name only , maybe loose their voting rights but will be just as much part of the eu in effect as they were before . 
  1916 rising italia '90, 
  that 's a bit of a touchy subject . 
  slightly . 
  yep , it 's a little offensive to dubliners but it was the area of ireland where the british felt safe , the pale is basically the greater dublin area . 
  we would n't really call it that these days . 
  true but there is a phrase for the area outside dublin `` beyond the pale '' . 
  i like hats, 
  no coast , no ports , no people , no drama, 
  it 's my field !, 
  dublin the thinks the world revolves around them and the rest of the county is a bog with no electricity . 
  cork thinks its realy the capital and have a very tonal accent limerick is stabby cavan are tight ( miserly ) the midlands are boring, 
  aww poor you . 
  there is no one stopping from saying anything , you are not persecuted . 
  destitution yes , death no, 
  it think its more to do with this crisis happening while governments are on holiday . 
  yep . 
  that 's part of that tax you pay when buying electronics . 
  any place that sells them has to deal with the old ones . 
  that 's more annoying than normal recycling because you pay a recycling tax when you buy it . 
  ahh . 
  silly season . 
  like were the people that are going to solve it . 
  this is probably an election stunt . 
  there 's no evidence that the pira is back in business but sinn fein it 's political wing are gaining popularity and there 's an election coming up . 
  typical tourists, 
  i 'm ok with the term illegal immigrants . 
  seems fair . 
  i 'd really like if people stopped saying `` illegals '' like we 're texans , `` illegal '' is n't a noun but republicans in the us started using it like that so they can avoid calling them people . 
  why would i know or care what the average user knows or cares about ? 
  well it should n't like you could still buy them together , at least you 'd be dealing with the same crap hardware . 
  i read it congressman . 
  that does relate to the article . 
  most of it was about hardware issues related to new and incompatible hardware that takes a lot of hackery to get working that could have been solved by having and organised , centralised purchase process . 
  if it 's anything like the private sector you 'll try to be organised and some manager with rock up with some laptop he bought in a local shop over the weekend and tell you `` just deal with it '' . 
  most smartphones are linux and people do n't realise it too . 
  or anything new . 
  the problem is n't really with ubuntu , it 's with the lts ( long term support ) version of it which intentionally does n't change except for fixing bugs . 
  there might be rules against it but if it was up to me and the hardware did n't work i 'd just install the new version . 
  i agree . 
  whatever the solution we should should all deal with it together and all take part of the burden . 
  outside, 
  it was hydra !, 
  clearly the problem here is a lack of people with grenades . 
  i 'm sure there 's some in california going mad but who cares . 
  in prison here rapists get killed . 
  they have to keep them in a special wing . 
  it protects the bbc from getting sued by the record companies . 
  the bbc have a deal where they can use whatever music they want but only inside the uk . 
  rte in ireland has the same deal and i would n't be surprised if all the national broadcasters are the same . 
  you might notice if you get the dvd 's of some shows they have different music on the dvd . 
  they have socks now, 
  we 've never actually seen a tan and the colour on our tv 's is n't tuned correctly . 
  not any of the fights i 've seen . 
  the women do n't fight but they start verbally stirring shit . 
  they 'd be telling the the turks that he wanted to smash their shop up and telling the irish guy that the shop keepers hit her . 
  i 've heard it used to be worse but the one 's i met are very like chuggers , but a gauntlet of chuggers all competing . 
  you have to develop a mindset to deal with them but it 's next to impossible to just look at what they have , it 's like hard selling on a whole other level . 
  chuggers : https://www.google.ie/search?q=chugger&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmismujqrxgxwiv5arbch2lnwww&amp;biw=1308&amp;bih=654, 
  we 're not responsible for the uk, 
  not gay enough .
