  that would give me licence to say all sorts of nastiness about you . 
  who thinks it 's a good thing ? 
  the refugees do n't . 
  it 's a shitty situation . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't go outside . 
  * tourist center, 
  we 're taking 4000, 
  get the submarines . 
  to the battle trawlers !, 
  i do n't know about universal but this sounds like what ireland does in the private sector . 
  there are a couple of trade unions and ever few years they sit down with the government and set the terms for the next few years . 
  it would include the whole private sector , everything from teachers to police to civil servants . 
  there are strong unions in some of the private sector too and they are frequently the same unions as above but it 's more ad-hoc . 
  some large organisations will be unionized , small ones in general wo n't be . 
  some places like dunnes stores are infamously not unionized . 
  ahhh , balls !, 
  so everyone is going to ignore the fact the aleppo is n't in europe . 
  so far everyone is saying it ` does n't matter , he 's a combatant ', 
  jesus , persecution complex . 
  no one even brought up the us but you managed to make criticizing the saudis into attacking the us . 
  is this european `` anti-americanism '' i keep hearing about ? 
  that bit is left vague for a reason and they always get pissy when you ask for details . 
  we should borrow greeks gayest island and let some of the refugees stay there for a while , if their willing and they 're cool about it they can enter europe . 
  if they start freaking out we dont want them . 
  refugee camps is n't a country, 
  you may be a psycopath , most people dont kill because its wrong , not because they might get caught, 
  it 's not . 
  it 's cheaper than bottled water . 
  unless there is something wrong with your tap water buy bottled water is stupid . 
  it 's an idiot tax . 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  yeah, 
  yeah . 
  if they want to be in the union great but if they do n't they should n't be in it . 
  the uk will need something else to blame for all it 's problems though . 
  are you making that up ? 
  about the leaving thing , that 's bullshit . 
  there 's on reason we 'd have to leave . 
  the uk would continue be a trading partner . 
  we have lots of deals with the uk that have nothing to do with the eu . 
  unrelated ; if they do leave they 'll be like denmark or switzerland where they 're very similar to the eu members , eu members travel and trade with them very easily . 
  it 's a constant thing in the uk news . 
  europe/eu is blamed for everything , i here they take all the missing socks . 
  it 's not like you do n't get anything out of it , you would n't be in it if you did n't . 
  the eu is n't some bully inflicting stuff on you , you willing joined a club that makes you richer . 
  that 's it . 
  his opinion is whatever the opposite of the prevailing opinion is . 
  people are anti immigration , he 's pro . 
  people switch , so does he . 
  eu migrants makes sense but the eu ca n't force you to take syrians , being in or out of the eu would have no baring on that . 
  that 's why he 's snowden . 
  the guy is willing to get killed for what he believes in . 
  @ 20:00 it says the keith mill 's ( the gay anti equal marriage guy ) video went viral in ireland . 
  that 's really annoying , it did n't go viral , someone ( probably in the us like most of the money on the no side ) paid for that to be played as an ad before every youtube video in ireland for about 2 months . 
  it was irritating as fuck . 
  it was n't viral it was a paid ad . 
  well i ca n't wear one either . 
  i do n't care if they want to wear it . 
  they live in a secular society , they have responsibilities . 
  i basically think we should treat these issues as you would if religion was n't involved . 
  if you want to walk around wearing a balaclava you should n't be allowed . 
  if you want to stop your wife leaving the house you should n't be allowed . 
  it 's not a symbol , its a mask . 
  if just some guy forced his wife and daughters to wear gimp masks in public you 'd understandably go mad . 
  why am i on a rock in the north atlantic . 
  i 'm feeling some free movement in my pants . 
  [ here ] ( http://c1.thejournal.ie/media/2013/09/tumblr_ljq77svywa1qavmeoo1_500.gif ), 
  yeah . 
  i think unless they are at some kind of fetish fair or something ( which is unlikely ) they should uncover their faces . 
  it 's part of being a citizen in a secular society and some muslim countries like turkey do this . 
  that just means that an entire group of women wo n't be allowed to have a passport , driving licence , testify in court , go to banks , probably vote too . 
  so basically saudi arabia . 
  i do n't have a problem with most of the clothes , just the face . 
  people treat people who 's faces are covered as lesser people . 
  covering the face is dehumanising . 
  it 's different from wearing a religious symbol . 
  i 'm not allowed to wear a balaclava, 
  the refugee crisis is affecting europe quite a bit . 
  loud noises !, 
  so around 20 % . 
  that does n't sound too bad unless we are taking 180 % total . 
  no one is saying that . 
  any german women looking for a gimp whipping boy , pm me . 
  what the fuck russia . 
  just chill for a while . 
  it 's all good , we 're all nice . 
  calm the fuck down and we can all trade and become richer . 
  do we have to . 
  scotland can into new celtic union, 
  the uk tabloids are always going on about furners stealing their benifits and complain about the eu and sometimes conflaticing the two . 
  the refugee this might have heated it up a bit but most uk papers really hate the eu and keep running stories about how the eu ( or rather europe , they call the eu europe ) are going to stop them eating sausages and some regulation will make everyone eat frankfurters . 
  well `` i like big butts '' is pretty good too . 
  if your used to it, 
  why, 
  in hd on the biggest screen you can find , its only about the visuals and the visuals are beuitful . 
  everytime iss is mentioned a dozen people say that , its getting old . 
  because americans want us to stay like a postcard from the 1800 's and do n't want us to be a modern country and apparently that offends * them * . 
  the people i 've seen immigrate in over the last decade love irish culture more than we do . 
  i 've know eastern europeans that irish dance , black people that play gaelic games , chinese people that speak the irish language and the quality and variety of food has exploded .
