to another totalitarian dictator that killed milions of people !, 
  ok i was overreacting . 
  lol nope, 
  your opinion is yours and mine is mine . 
  i do n't care also about your opinions . 
  i am a stronk eurosceptic and anticapitalist and you all like to support the eu and capitalism without seeing what they do . 
  are you happy , now i edited . 
  i only said he copycated me . 
  is it because putin is against homosex ? 
  i know , but i did a comparation . 
  not really , i accuse the guys who lead the us since 1945 . 
  strange , because i see that turkish redditors also hate kurds, 
  relevant username , best username . 
  i compared it to the berlin wall . 
  and also i do n't know why i 'm downvotted . 
  maybe it 's because some racists or some guy from that circlejerk / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  i had some upvotes btw . 
  thank that to brezhnev and khruschev , and not russia in general . 
  and also yuo copycated me . 
  yup . 
  we did n't have a choice . 
  like yuo sayings . 
  the us presidents since 1945 has made imo some horrible damages in yugoslavia , bosnia and iraq , but i think this day should be celebrated as it should . 
  idk why they choose high speed trains . 
  why do n't they choose a train that stops evreywhere and goes at 20 km/h ? 
  i died of laughing there xd, 
  inception , mate ? 
  europe is the new india / s, 
  it is trapped in die keller . 
  idk why but on polandball it is a great joke . 
  just make special immigrant trains with like 20 couchette coaches !, 
  do you support erdogan in some manner ? 
  i 've seen many turkish people who support that crazy basescu-like madman . 
  thanks isis and neo-nazis, 
  exactly !, 
  and also in this day , was the 23 august coup in romania, 
  i really do n't know why orban made this berlin border wall . 
  what will be the next thing ? 
  build the giand fence in the middle of budapest-beograd railway ? 
  how will you go trough that fence with the train to praha ? 
  let 's demolish dis wall of shame . 
  or just send the imigrants to other countries such as baltics , finland or here !, 
  well , now we know their defensive policies, 
  a useless invasion . 
  stupid brejnev . 
  he was n't mad !, 
  he did lots of things right ( the austerity was imposed by the imf ), 
  i 'm going to move to cluj , and read a book all the time i 'm in a bus . 
  yes it should, 
  1918 , at the great union with transilvania , bucovina and basarabia ( today a state that does n't want an union ), 
  danish pizza ? 
  see , that 's the truth . 
  and also , the ukrainian crisis subreddit is half of it a ukrainian troll farm, 
  no , i think he 's too strong for a coup, 
  right sector is the real cancer of ukraine, 
  the same should be here , the politicans should listen to the people, 
  apparently i do n't welcome them but the fat cats and pigs in this country ( the politicians who almost never did nothing good ) want them because they kill ppl . 
  how stupid is that . 
  sadly yes :(, 
  send them to finland or the baltics or romania and bulgaria, 
  maybe it 's the only time when american militaries do something right . 
  or maybe not . 
  ak47 : the inanimate fucking object, 
  is it because some people do n't tolerate islam ? 
  a massive genocide carried by radicalists , and possibly some goverments, 
  as a pro putin , i think it 's funny . 
  it actually did not protested , they are sad . 
  quote : however , the russians are n't the only baddies in the show , as the occupation of norway is performed on behalf of the european union . 
  according to the plot , the international players intervene into the country in order to restore oil and gas production , which was halted after a radical environmentalist party won the norwegian election , the local reports . 
  sorry for asking something stupid but , what is welfare ? 
  such horrible racist people , attacking an old innocent man ... 
  rapists are always saved by the justice here . 
  how stupid, 
  haha , but why europe ? 
  yes , indeed, 
  i think . 
  in the past we had some basescu-propaganda news machinery , but now they are debasified ( no more basescu-propaganda ) . 
  if you mean the ukranian crisis and external affairs , that 's another story, 
  i am completley outraged !, 
  is this freedom or fascism ? 
  an old rail siding ? 
  thanks a bunch , 
  possibly . 
  let 's do it !, 
  surley it will be a disaster . 
  i saw a polandball comic with that . 
  but i do n't remember it, 
  as my country has few immigrants ( because our people run away from here to germoney , italy , spain , uk and france ) , in the part of the city that i live ( obor , bucharest ) there are like absolutley 0 immigrants . 
  but there is one schoolmate at my school , mohammad ( from iraq ) and he 's very friendly . 
  other than that , 0 . 
  nope . 
  this is so horrible !, 
  why would some stupid nazi like people attack some greeks only because of alexis tsipras ? 
  horrible !, 
  orgasmic pictures, 
  how about finding slender :p, 
  none , because our politicians suck eu 's balls/d * ck . 
  but there are some who blame the eu for the economic crisis and supporting basescu . 
  time to revise trianon m8, 
  lol that 's just strange,
