at this point i think i have to end this discussion as we have fundamental different views and this exchange of opinions leads nowhere . 
  bus it not about choosing which jihadi to help but about who else to help . 
  that 's not my point . 
  the world has billions of people . 
  billions need help . 
  now look at austria . 
  it 's small . 
  very small . 
  so what can you do ? 
  choose wisely who do you help . 
  your opinion may differ . 
  again , i 'd rather help victims of these terrorists . 
  social service for their kids takes a lot of resources . 
  sometimes a topic does n't end where a thread starts . 
  what about all the people who are fleeing the region because they are not total fuck ups ? 
  let 's help the refugees and victims instead of caring about some inane girls who dream about jihad . 
  do you empathize with the refugees ? 
  do you even think about the families which are torn apart , who 's kids , mothers or father 's are killed ? 
  i think you emphasize with the wrong people here . 
  i 'd rather help 10 refugees who are victims of these inhuman terrorists . 
  let them burn for their mistakes . 
  they do n't add anything to society . 
  but the refugees we can take care about can add a lot more . 
  i do n't really think of them as children . 
  viewing persons under 18 as children is a thing in western countries and not a factual real thing . 
  they can think . 
  they should think . 
  overseeing everything stupid what a person under 18 does is just ... plain stupid . 
  on top of that he is only suggesting all that suffering . 
  who knows what 's really going on ? 
  maybe they just miss facebook and a warm shower ? 
  hey . 
  listening to burzum and doing what these two kids did are different things . 
  i have no problem listening to dunkelheit at any time . 
  it 's just music in the end . 
  so there you have it . 
  they are suffering because they are austrian . 
  they inherited the culture and were blinded by religious sickos to think that they are not austrian , but instead some islamic master race . 
  everyone can fall . 
   but those girls i particulare did not do any of that . 
  they were much more victims of these crimes . 
  from where do you have this information ? 
  i do n't know if they are terrified or even terrorized . 
  they went there to kill people or directly support killings , live with terrorists and serve as their `` wives '' . 
  i do n't think the people in europe need those kind of people to listen to them and let them tell their stories . 
  no one knows what they are thinking . 
  there are smarter people around here who can help people . 
  their example might be used , though . 
  yes , maybe it sounds harsh , but honestly i do n't give a fuck about religious extremists who abuse , rape and kill people . 
  i would agree , but their believe system does n't make them not austrian . 
  in fact they are austrian . 
  being austrian , like being german , describes citizenship . 
  not failed or successful integration into a system . 
  everyone knows you are a part of germany, 
  i 'm actually never buying with my visa or mastercard . 
  when i have no cash i use my maestro or vpay debit card . 
  accepted everywhere . 
  no biggie . 
  i have my credit cards for online purchases , benefits through them and most importantly for traveling . 
  but one thing for you : i could easily afford to eat out every single day and not step into any supermarket at all . 
  but i still like aldi and some products of lidl as well . 
  buying there is not a matter of how much money you have . 
  still the same . 
  tldr : up to 400 refugees engaged in a brawl during lunch time . 
  police managed to stop them at some time . 
  later that day the two groups of albanian and pakistani guys continue to fight each other for hours . 
  no one was arrested , 14 injured, 
  it 's there any other source for this ? 
  i ca n't access daily mail because it 's blocked sure to censorship where i 'm at . 
  they are doing okay ? 
  have you seen the reports from japan where the men cuddle with pillows ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  there are enough minorities who do uphold their values and culture . 
  you 're just extrapolating and writing controversial stuff to get some attention or because it 's easy to see the world in black and white . 
  fuck that . 
  germany already takes close to 50 percent of my brutto wage . 
  i do n't want my culture to die . 
  i do value it . 
  your point of view makes me sick . 
  sounds good, 
  meanwhile this is costing me real money . 
  actually germany is giving out vouchers for hotels and hostels . 
  try google, 
  in germany there are stats available which show that most crimes ( robbery , assault , etc ) are being committed by immigrants or former immigrants . 
  the thing is that we do count everyone as german who has a german passport . 
  so the stats you may see do n't include the fact that many of those with a german passport are indeed not native germans . 
  happy downvoting, 
  i came back here after a couple of weeks to tell you that all of these variations do suck . 
  you just made it worse . 
  please do me a favor and look at it again !, 
  what do you think ? 
  and the last one with yellow is so ugly , i throwed up . 
  yes , people who made it over here to west berlin or west germany got help by the state . 
  scroll down the list to discover japan , india and germany . 
  guess why these economies are striving ? 
  maybe '' huge ass '' is also a bit exaggerated, 
  germans tip since always . . 
  it 's just not hardcore mandatory , as waiters get a wage . 
  anyways , by not tipping within this margin you 're making a huge ass out of yourself . 
  here you can really feel uncomfortable when paying with cash as also the other people in the queue roll their eyes . .
