  but it 's getting more and more common to pay with plastic . 
  some supermarkets even accept credit cards nowadays . 
  and to top it off , some even offer you to withdraw cash in case you are buying for more than 30 $ or so . 
  german cashiers work with the speed of light . 
  but when you pay with plastic you can see them , sitting there , bored like hell and making death plots while the pos unit tries to connect to a bank to verify the card . 
  also they pu the coins on top of the bills when giving you change , so that they can slip the coins in your hand and within a split second you have the coins in the palm of your hand , able to grab the bills as well . 
  no , my car is only for personal use . 
  and it 's only a golf 4 , so it does n't take huge amounts of gasoline , but prices are currently around 1,15 ; 1,19 ; or 1,25 for e10 , super ( e5 ) , or super plus ( 98 octane ) . 
  diesels is somewhere around 0,95 . 
  we have insane taxes on gasoline in germany . 
  nobody knows who raked up that bill , though . 
  it is , in germany . 
  you can easily have a nice dish between 10 and 20 $ . 
  that 's weird . 
  but it happens when they are messing with the tips . 
  normally the tip is shared among workers at the tables , bar and kitchen . 
  that 's the first spot where you can mess with it . 
  second one is obviously something related to taxes ?!, 
   it happened to me when they say that they already typed it into the machine , but i consider this bullshit and then they just have to suck it up that there is no tip . 
  well . . 
  i 'm paying gas in cash , or when i go to a restaurant . 
  i do n't do much other things . 
  both requires me to pay \\  50 euro on the spot regularly . 
  for example when eating with my parents we just kind of alternate who is paying . . 
  they payed a lot until i was able to pay for them , so maybe now i 'm quick to pull the bill to me . 
  have you been in poland ? 
  in the countryside or smaller towns ? 
  never said that you said that it might not happen to a probable amount of theoretical victims . 
  i 'm just used to it . 
  i always have cash on me , and i do have my debit card , and three credit cards . 
  one is a business cc , the other comes free with my bank account and the other is for traveling , as it 's free to get cash with that one - everywhere around the world at any atm . 
  paying with plastic is also more time consuming . 
  and all these awkward `` i 'm looking away while you put in your pin '' postures . 
  omg, 
  i always withdraw 200 or so . 
  never got robbed , though . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  it 's very usual to pay large sums in cash . 
  when you know it you just get it from an atm in advance . 
  exactly . . cash cards are very rarely used by germans , even though the debit cards have also that functionality . 
  in reality the real ec card is dying , it 's just debit cards . 
  some nice online banks are popping up which offer free credit cards on top of your debit card which let you withdraw money without charges from any atm , these are getting more popular , as people like to pay cash  . 
  for example dkb . 
  they even have very low fees for overspending . 
  let 's say 7 % instead of 15 % or even more . 
  errm . . 
  when paying with plastic you just tell the waiter the final sum including tip . 
  this is how it 's done by germans in germany . 
  10 % is common . 
  sometimes 5 or 15 ... 
  when you pay 190 you might want to give just 200 . 
  ( large sum means often less percent ) and with 8,30 $ on the bill you might just make it 10 . 
  oh and by the way ... only fucking morons mix up l\u00e4nderpolitik und bundespolitik . 
  this also applies to the so called protestw\u00e4hler . . , 
  facts ? 
  you mean `` facts '' ... 
  there is no direct link as in `` i 'm pro merkels asylum strategy , so i vote green '' . 
  people have different points of view about multiple topics and vote accordingly , taking different things into account . 
  or how else does it happen , that only around 40 % of germans like the asylum strategy of merkel , but not 60 % vote for afd ? 
  because your assumptions are just plain bullshit . 
  5 hours without food . 
  omg . 
  how bad is that ? 
  how can someone not die ? 
  wrong . 
  it was an estimate for the yearly number . 
  quick google for 800000 fl\u00fcchtlinge as a fact check, 
  ze germans are willing to help out, 
  yeah , europe did n't help the greek government at all . 
  it is in neuk\u00f6lln . 
  you see a lot of balkan people now here . 
  romanians and albanian . 
  i do n't consider them refugees , though . 
  also more arabic people who seem to be new . 
  the area is well known to house a lot of arabic and turkish people for years , but still you can see a difference . 
  at least as a local . . apart from that i do n't have anything to report, 
  they are n't . 
  they apply for asylum and will get rejected . 
  it 's not a secret . 
  you sound reasonable and calm . 
  exactly this is what multiple german reports do write . 
  and those are not right wing media . 
  there is also a mention about how the ones who did n't want to engage in this activity were seeking shelter outside . 
  yeah . 
  horsepower . 
  it all makes sense . 
  they also want to build like 6000 flats per year . 
  that must be enough as we do n't have anywhere near enough currently and miss at least 20k per year without refugees . 
  makes sense now ? 
  everything they plan is unter vorbehalt because they do n't know how they can finance anything . 
  we 're blessed with these parties at power . 
  yep , that is true and my misery , plus add a good job in that city . 
  so i 'm planning to move to the suburbs . 
  small house in the green . 
   then i can say fuck off and do my line in the garden , doing my own party on a massive sound station and a glass of wine ^ ^ cheers . 
  yeah , i 'll do . 
  in my living room ;d occasionally it 's still fine for me . 
  it 's just the daily routine that fits against me . 
  yes . 
  after a couple of decades that rusty glare is fading for me .
