  so tell me again how we get burned alive for not being christian ? 
  how do old people not using the internet make mine faster ? 
  we do have a lower spread than western europe ( bit over 50 % of the population are internet users ) but that 's still double as many users as there are in denmark and with a significantly larger area covered . 
  my provider does n't even offer speeds below 100 mbps . 
  these are the options : 1000 mbps at $ 12,5 / month 500 mbps at $ 10/month 200 mbps at $ 8,5 / month 100 mbps at $ 6.5 / month, 
  what 's he gon na do , increase world cup ticket prices ? 
  that 's a weird definition of religious freedom . 
  regardless , i do n't see any viable alternative to the things he listed . 
  does he suggest allowing animal cruelty and child abuse for some religious groups while keeping it illegal for everyone else ? 
  the only thing even controversial there is france 's ban on covering your face in public . 
  i ca n't take this article seriously when it calls homeschooling a religious freedom . 
  armenia wants to [ challenge you ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-news-from-elsewhere-28588188 ), 
  and you realise there are easily over 100 countries with worse living conditions ? 
  for not being able to imagine living in some of the 1/4 or at least 2/5 most developed countries on the planet like he said , you need to either have a poor imagination or be extremely pampered . 
  keep in mind that all we see reported about other countries are the oddities . 
  you 'll never see a news piece or a reddit front page post about russians or chileans or taiwanese going to work and doing boring shit like everyone else . 
  it 's easy to fall into that trap and form an opinion about life in a place based only on the cultural differences and the strange or interesting tidbits reported , while forgetting that most of their lives are pretty much the same as yours . 
   romania is still lagging behind other eastern european states in terms of the rate of absorption of potential eu funds . 
  at only 25 per cent , the figure is among the lowest in the eu . 
  while this is n't new information , it 's the essence of everything that 's wrong in this country . 
  these funds ca n't be tampered with , so our fine institutions prefer not using them rather than doing something that ca n't earn them a quick buck on the side . 
  why spend time using eu funds on development when you can overpay your friend 's company to half-assedly fix the same potholes over and over again ? 
   `` if you do not stand by our side , the day when islamic terror will reach your homes , your beds and your kindergartens will come soon . '' how am i supposed to sympathize with israel when they keep saying shit like this ? 
  it 's like they do n't understand that the rest of the world does n't see their plight as good vs evil , but rather well-equipped neutral vs poorly-equipped neutral . 
  probably cause it was already [ posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2c8z90/belgian_physician_refuses_to_treat_jewish_patient/ ), 
  no , it 's the same group . 
  roma is what most of them call themselves , it originally comes from [ domba ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domba ) although rom now means ` man ' or ` husband ' in their language . 
  they started migrating out of northern india and their tribes split into rom , [ dom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dom_people ) and [ lom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lom_people ) . 
  in some regions they call themselves kale ( which means ` blacks ' in romani , from sanskrit root ) , manush ( which means ` human beings ' in romani and sanskrit ) and sinti ( disputed meaning/etymology ) they are only called gypsies in anglophone countries , it 's a pejorative derived from ` egyptians ' . 
  in most european languages they are colloquially called variations of cygan/tzigan/gitan / zigeuner which come from medieval greek for ` untouchable ' , referencing their former status in india as members of the lowest caste . 
  if the question were ` how do you feel about bulgarians ? ', 
  rather than about bulgaria , the response would be a lot more positive , same for serbia . 
  when asked this kind of question , other than for the countries with whom we have a special positive or negative relationship ( like moldova or russia ) , people answer mostly based on how they perceive living conditions for a romanian in those countries compared to our own , not based on those countries ' people , culture , politics . 
  we 're between belarus and libya , ouch . 
  she 's fantastic , but hungarian not romanian, 
  actually , we 're suffering the consequences of enslaving them for 500 + years and then acting like we totally have nothing to do with them, 
  they 're not misinformed . 
  gypsy ethnics with romanian citizenship are still romanian , no matter how hard we try to detach ourselves from them, 
  well , significantly more so than now . 
  but i know what you mean , hence my 2nd paragraph in that comment . 
  we were jesus freaks at the time . 
  from 1859 until 1947 even our country 's motto was nihil sine deo ( nothing without god ) . 
  hell , even now dropping that from the anthem would be political suicide in my opinion . 
  bor would foam at the mouth if someone proposed it . 
  the other countries dropped this project years ago , only us and serbia were still interested . 
  i was mostly joking . 
  anyway , i said it because we 're one of the most disliked european countries and threads like these usually ended up being popular opinions that people are too considerate to say or upvote in regular threads, 
  nope , many of those reasons are why i moved away from bucharest . 
  i 've yet to meet a foreigner here in timisoara that did n't love it , and there 's lots of them, 
  i 've known many assimilated gypsies and they are productive members of society like anyone else . 
  in the rest of europe more so than in romania/hungary/bulgaria , they suffer from the toupee fallacy . 
  because if you meet a gypsy that 's integrated in society you wo n't even know that he is one unless he tells you . 
  in other words , it 's easier to rationalize your hate for gypsies if you convince yourself that what you do n't like about them is genetic rather than cultural, 
  we did n't win in the `` which european country other than your own is your favorite '' thread but we sure as hell are gon na win this one, 
   `` there is no logic in attacking something that has a proven track record , '' i always find funny how the scientifically illiterate nutters bring up logics, 
  and this is coming right after their foreign ministry [ trash-talked brazil ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2014/07/25/israel-brings-up-brazils-world-cup-humiliation-and-calls-the-country-a-diplomatic-dwarf/ ) great week for israeli diplomacy . 
   reflecting what the people may want then hold a referendum instead of threatening to leave 100 times, 
  uk acting like a needy princess that has to be wooed is getting tiring, 
  iliescu 's accent is thicker than the great wall of china but other than making up a couple of words it 's not that terrible . 
  his generation was n't anywhere near as exposed to english as we are , very few romanians his age would have spoken better . 
  renzi on the other hand , i was worried he might be having a stroke . 
  you 're saying putin did n't actually ride the buk missile dr.strangelove-style like reddit 's been telling me ? 
   since i do n't understand a damn thing being said in this video it has english captions, 
  if sochi was any indication , in 2018 / r/all will be full of fake photos and videos of the ` terrible conditions and organization ', 
  there 's a difference between answering `` yes '' to a question and actually caring/being passionate about the subject . 
  hypothetically , if both governments wanted it and there was a referendum people would vote for it . 
  but there is no `` traction '' as he put it , no movement in that direction , it 's a very mild support . 
  what the fuck , is it reverse week ? 
  the only reason this was submitted here and is on the front page is because of his ethnicity . 
  that 's agenda . 
  and unsubscribed , loved reading about different bits of europe but last year it became russia russia russia and as soon as that calmed down it 's list of every crime commited or attempted by a brown person . 
  i ca n't figure out if you 're being sarcastic or not, 
  amateurs did n't even beat moldova at it , who lost 1bn, 
  that 's bullshit , maybe if you went to rural eastern anatolia ( do n't know how it is there ) but definitely not in the touristy resorts like antalya . 
  how does this have 10 upvotes ? 
  you guys actually believe you have to be delusional to not suffer because of your body at ages 10-12 ? 
   every person being a 9.4 out of 10 it 's not an attractiveness scale like you 're implying . 
  rating people 's looks from 1 to 10 seems to be common on reddit ( and maybe it 's the same in your country ) , but i 've never heard it used in romania like that so it does n't carry the same association , especially among kids . 
  the smell from that much carbide must be nauseating . 
  i remember some kids from my neighbourhood were playing with this in the early 90s , trying to propel empty tin cans as high as possible . 
  have n't thought about this at all in 20 years but still vividly remember that smell . 
   unwittingly definitely not . 
  am i supposed to be offended that a szekler sells some greater hungary fridge magnets and that whoever manages orban 's facebook did n't feel the need to censor that one photo when they posted dozens of photos from that event ? 
  after all , those photos are about attendees not about orban 's views . 
  orban has plenty of faults but this ` incident ' really is n't something to be taken too seriously . 
   pontexit this ' - exit ' trend is getting ridiculous, 
  i agree that the comment you replied to was a bit reactionary but what do `` marxism , anarchism , and multiculturalism '' have to do with anything on this topic ? 
   i do n't think ~ ~ it would be too bad ~ ~ ftfy, 
  moldova should send some aid to norway, 
  so the whole article is just one big assumption , same guys that created bullshit hysteria about user comments on websites and defamation laws in eu recently , which had 0 to do with eu institutions and affected a grand total of 1 estonian site which were skirting their country 's laws on purpose . 
  how is any of that being closed-minded ? 
  i mean i understand expecting people to do some research before migrating but those are such trivial differences, 
  i did mean that , i just misunderstood you a little as well . 
  yeah , perceptions like this do n't get big changes in a matter of weeks/months but i would n't say it 's particularly slow . 
  would be nice to have some proper polls to compare from several years agp until now to confirm ( or not ) the apparent social change i 'm seeing , but i ca n't really find anything like that . 
  that 's a random forum poll from this month . . unless i 'm missing something, 
   and i feel that it 's never going to change . 
  are you serious ? 
  think what those numbers would have been 20 years ago, 
  a fool like me , i thoroughly recommend vacationing in antalya , been there twice and it was great,
