  reality : of the several hundred dumbasses that left britain with some idealistic caliphate utopia in mind , many want back . 
  some had the brainpower necesary to realize that the british authorities are keeping tabs on them and therefore they ca n't come back or should at least check to see if they can come back . 
  60 of them however , independent of each other , thought they can just resume their old life but to their surprise they were apprehended on arrival . 
  not all at once now , but on a case by case basis since the start of this whole thing . 
  that 's what fallon means by `` we have toughened up now on the issue of passports and the watch on our ports and airports for returning fighters '' . 
  we 're not talking about some commandos trying to sneak in on a boat in the middle of the night , we 're talking about some naive 20 year old ` warriors ' coming back by commercial airliner , using their real names and thinking no one noticed what they 've been up to . 
  i 'm sure there already were some that returned undetected but they 're not trying to sneak back to blow shit up , they 're sneaking back because they 're disillusioned with what 's going on over there and/or miss their old living conditions . 
  imagine how awkward ed miliband would look doing something like this, 
  they 've found some half dead small fry to put on a show just in time for the electoral campaign, 
  no no , britain used to be an enclave in netherlands, 
  9 - a private torrent tracker 13 - imdb to research what we torrent we 're so predictable, 
  they do n't want independence , they want a higher degree of autonomy . 
  and i 'm on board with that , i 'd like it if we shifted more power from the central government towards counties or regions but it 's not gon na happen . 
  usury financial group \u2122 and coming soon : reviva - soul insurance \u2122, 
  this was debunked a long time ago , the woman had jaw surgery if i recall correctly . 
  but i guess you have to dig pretty far back to meet your daily anti-muslim submission quota, 
  seriously ? 
  biased polling can affect the electorate * before * they vote but what the hell would be the point now ? 
  they 'd only stand to lose some credibility by being wrong , with absolutely nothing to gain from it . 
  i did n't know jeff goldblum is from france, 
  not really , ethnically speaking russia is the most ukranian country outside of ukraine . 
  and that was the case even before this year when almost an extra million ukranians emigrated to russia . 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  you 've created this false dichotomy where if there 's a single member of is that did n't join for those reasons then the whole sentiment is wrong . 
  the european members of is and other similar organizations are an insignificant minority . 
  it 's like saying that spain is responisble for the pro-russian rebels in ukraine because of [ these knuckleheads ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2014/08/08/inenglish/1407499653_548928.html ) . 
  which will inevitably kill loads of civilians as `` collateral damage '' , whose surviving family members will hate the west for it and become members of shitty groups like the is . 
  it 's a catch-22, 
  what the hell does the eu issuing a statement of disapproval have to do with sovereignty ? 
  they do that all the time and so do you . 
  literally yesterday you guys [ groaned ] ( http://www.newsobserver.com/2014/09/08/4133903/us-official-romanian-govt-should.html ) about an ordinance from my country , should we fear you for our sovereignty ? 
  nope , and apparently there are also no methods of transportation in iran and turkey . 
  the bus technology did n't cross the bosphorus yet . 
   adrian-constantin leu had been in the ministyr of national defense 's employment since 2001 and had ** thought ** overseas three times in irak and afghanistan was he a soldier or did he go to irak and afghanistan for philosophical inspiration ? 
  well , that 's not surprising given the data on the left . 
  what is a bit surprising is that your opinions of bulgaria and hungary are so much better despite them having a very similar % of gypsy population . 
  do n't challenge us , do you really want the iss stripped down and sold to scrap yards ? 
  also more introverted than the norm , i 'd wager . 
  `` finland sanctions usa '' no more santa presents for you, 
  obligatory [ shish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ) . 
  renzi is the man, 
   i 'm not trying to lecture anyone that 's exactly what you 're doing . 
  `` freedom of speech '' is a key buzzword in your national identity and your do n't seem to realize that this is clouding your objectivity on the topic . 
  you imprison or fine people for threats , libel , inciting to violence , perjury , prank emergency calls , and various other parts of speech just like anyone else does . 
  and suddenly the one part of speech where our laws differ , hate speech , is some sacred right ? 
  freedom and justice have an orthogonal relationship . 
  you ca n't have more of one without decreasing the other . 
  does being naked in public do more damage to society than telling a bunch of your followers that someone should be hanged ? 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with freedom limitations , the world would be in ruins without them , and speech is n't some super special category . 
  yes , i agree that the question is , `` is the law right ? '' . 
  but the answer has nothing to do with popular buzzwords like `` freedom '' , it has to do with whether or not it is beneficial to society . 
   epically trolled is this 2005 ? 
  the language . 
  our emigrant unskilled workers go in far greater numbers to italy/spain for the reasons you listed , plus the weather and the fact that their languages are fairly similar to ours and it 's very easy to pick up the needed basics . 
  but an emigrant doctor or teacher needs to be fluent , so why spend a couple of years to get the necessary grasp on a 3rd language when you already know english and can go there ? 
  you should all switch to welsh , then we 'll be able to keep some more of the people we train . 
  take that , sudan !, 
  we 're more innovative than you, 
  like the article says , this is because of labour laws . 
  despite the recent immigration panic , you 're not as invaded as you think you are . 
  there are for example 8 times more romanians in italy than in the uk . 
  it 's not about who has more cheap labourers but about who is willing to exploit them more . 
   the ones saying that probably he 's an undercover nazi spy ( there 's a lot of people thinking that ) no there are n't , have n't heard anything of that kind until your comment . 
  and you say this based on what ? 
  look at transnistria , it 's been well over a decade . 
  if russia would stop supporting separatists in moldova and now in ukraine , they 'd be pretty much giving them the green light for nato/eu which is heavily against their interest . 
  i hope i 'm wrong but it seems more likely that the conflict will last decades . 
  belgium does n't even look like a composite . 
  are they all clones of that 1 dude ? 
  the sub is about europe , not eu, 
  i suggest people subscribe to / r/ukrainianconflict instead of turning this sub into a clone of it . 
  currently 2/3 of the front page posts are about russia/ukraine, 
  is this how 8 year olds settle their disputes these days , with online petitions ? 
   theyre so quick to brush it off as propaganda which is amusing considering how insane their propaganda movies are , watch [ fetih 1453 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1783232/reference ) if you want to laugh your ass off . 
  tl ; dw : greeks are dirty degenrate scum and the glorious pure-hearted ottomans have to show them the light, 
  only pipes that have been treated in a humane way and grazed on high quality grass from the alps can produce such a delicacy . 
  the coverage in our press is a bit more [ detailed ] ( http://www.mediafax.ro/social/suspect-de-ebola-in-romania-adus-din-ploiesti-la-matei-bals-acesta-a-lucrat-ca-inginer-in-capitala-nigeriei-autoritatile-au-declansat-o-ancheta-epidemiologica-familia-barbatului-izolata-la-domiciliu-13066033 ) , i 'll translate the facts known so far : he worked as an engineer in abuja , nigeria . 
  after returning to romania he went on holiday to vama veche ( local beach ) . 
  started feeling ill 3 days ago ( which is 2 weeks after his return from nigeria ) and had blood in his stools . 
  his samples will be sent to be analysed in germany and it will take a minimum of 3 days until we have the definitive results . 
  he has no fever so far but malaria is also a suspected possibility . 
  all the people known to have come in contact with him are undergoing medical investigation . 
  his wife and son are under quarantine but show no symptoms so far . 
  update : manager of the matei bal\u015f institute says that they 're now 90-99 % certain that it 's not ebola . 
  he says the man suffered of two successive diseases and the combined symptoms of those made him suspected of ebola . 
  he also said he does n't have the consent of the patient to disclose the two diseases . 
  it 's in timisoara, 
  pssh , europe got nothing on our good ` ol [ horsepower ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jetfioe.jpg ) . 
  do n't worry , it only runs for a bit on anniversaries of the city 's [ first tram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/coz1ema.jpg ) from july 8th 1869, 
  cfr use a bunch of [ these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yhp0s9t.jpg ) though, 
  the dutch have floating buses and now even their trains look like submarines . 
  how long until their hands develop webbed fingers ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  pretty much my whole family from my mother 's side are very religious and being openly atheist from a young age never affected our relationship , i received 0 negativity for it despite my grandparents living in one of those overly religious villages . 
  also , i do n't know if this is still a thing but when i was in middle school in late 90s/early 00s religion was a mandatory class . 
  sadly , it was n't about various religions and their history but 100 % about christianity and christian prayers . 
  i and a few others were open about our lack of belief with the teacher of the class and neither him nor the rest of the class made any fuss about it . 
  he actually enjoyed lightly debating us from time to time and always gave us high marks . 
  this class existed in high school as well but you could opt out by making a written request and getting it signed by a parent . 
  about 1/5 of my class opted out and again , there was no negativity or odd looks about it .
