  that 's bs . 
  you ca n't properly keep tabs on everyone ` on a list ' either , no country does . 
  it 's been brought up after so many attacks in so many different countries that the perpetrators were on a list . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-22718000 i would assume your security services do keep tabs on those returning from syria/iraq as that 's a pretty good indicator but when the media says that the suspect from the terrorist attack in france was on a list they almost certainly mean a list that casts a wide net . 
  how does thinking that a 7 year old does n't really understand the concept of gender identity ( or even just identity in general ) make me a bigot ? 
  you 're right in that there is no fine line between what is and is n't relevant enough . 
  but i do n't think this was on the fence at all , it was n't an attack on a hotel that just * happened * to have europeans in it . 
  though it sucks to see so many conspiracy theories and cries of censorship over its delisting , think we should just focus on telling mods what we find relevant instead . 
   what 's so bad about people who decide their gender later in life ? 
  nothing is bad with that and it 's not an inconvenience , like i said i just think you do n't know squat about genders at that age and that we do n't have to make a huge deal about kids having hobbies mostly associated with the opposite gender . 
  that 's what i meant , why not determine that it 's not the latter ? 
  i think it 's difficult for someone to understand the concept before puberty . 
  i said that because in primary school there was a boyish girl in my class that always played football with and talked to us guys ( the only one that had any interest in the sport ) instead of hanging out with the girls , and said multiple times that she wished she was a guy at 8-9 . 
  she 's now married with kids and very feminine in general . 
  i think it would have been stupid if her parents forced everyone to use male pronouns to refer her just because she prefered hanging out with the boys and did n't know that 's not all there is to gender . 
   we limit ourselves to things which happen in europe or have a large effect on the continent of europe . 
  so , for example , serbia 's under-20 football team winning a world title in new zealand ( which happens to not be in europe , apparently ) has a larger effect on our continent than european toursits being specifically targeted in a popular tourist destination that 's just across the water from us ? 
  how is ` not in europe ' a reason ? 
  do they remove g-7 or g-20 summit related news when they 're not hosted in europe and allow them when they are hosted in europe ? 
  there were european victims , how is this not relevant to europe ? 
  how is screwing their country 's economy helping their cause ? 
  i do n't understand how these radical troglodytes think , they 're hurting themselves more than ` the west ' with this shit, 
   without the need for a psychiatric or medical evaluation . 
  they do n't even determine if this is different than a kid saying they want to be a dinosaur ? 
   i put myself and my office in the hands of the fifa congress so he 's pulling a farage ? 
  i 'm sure the fifa congress will vote for him to stay and blatter will say he 's reluctant to stay but owes it to fifa to respect their decision, 
   why did n't he sticked the original thread , which already had many comments ? 
  it was a link post not a self post , i 'm pretty sure those ca n't be stickied , never seen one in any case . 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of the word ` censorship ' . 
  i agree that maybe it was n't the best course of action but how does making a sticky megathread make us not able to discuss this topic ? 
  silly ponta thought it 'll all blow over if he hides in turkey for a couple months, 
  congrats on being the first person to discover it https://www.google.com/search?q=zergonovicic, 
  yeah i 'm sure that 's why my comments went from 6 to 0 and everything other than `` sweden yes '' and your comments got downvoted in the last 3 hours when this thread was n't even on the front page of the sub that whole time . 
  the brigading here is as subtle as a brick to the face . 
  that 's not the issue , it 's the vote brigading that happens in every thread crossposted from there . 
  look how almost all the comments here have the controversial dagger sign or are in the negative . 
  another ~ ~ anti-immigrant thread ~ ~ x-post from / r/european !, 
  if they prefer that sub , i do n't get why they feel the need to brigade this one all the time, 
  more like a toolbox . 
  and if you learn a 2nd language as a child it literally alters your brain structure . 
  if languages were just 1:1 translations of each other , different phonemes , arranged in the same way , expressing the exact same things i would agree with you . 
  but there are so many things that you can fluidly express in a language and only crudely approximate in another , so many thoughts lost in translation . 
  so much of our communication influenced by syntax . 
  and overall the differences in meaning and syntax have an impact on your cognitive process when you switch between thinking in different languages , there 's a million studies on this topic . 
  some even argue you have a different personality in other languages , though i 'd say that 's a stretch . 
   `` unicorns '' ? 
  worth at least 1 billion  ltm additions ? 
  how many were added to the list in the last year, 
  yeah the discrimination in schools is the worst possible thing we can do regarding the integration problem . 
  but it seems very difficult to stop that , same as stoping bullying in general . 
  upvotes do n't mean `` i approve this '' , they mean `` this is relevant '', 
  if he wanted to resign , there are easier ways to do that without destroying your career . 
  and i doubt he 's that great of an actor, 
  that i can agree with , hungary is fine and so is my country which i do n't plan to leave despite many of my peers having done so . 
  i 'm glad you found a place that you enjoy more , but your views ( and even mine , though in a different way ) are only a niche when it comes to quality of life and what people generally appreciate in a society . 
  and in your case i 'd say it 's more of a difference between developed and developing european countries rather than specifically between netherlands and hungary . 
  i still do n't see how having a good social safety net makes a country a shithole or why people that do n't start companies are lazy . 
  maybe they have other goals and priorities , other things that make them happy . 
  is it that wrong to not have to worry about where you sleep tmorrow ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  you ca n't feel accomplished unless people you do n't deem worthy are in misery ? 
  yeah let 's have more homeless people so that those with an already good life can feel a little more smug about themselves . 
  should n't have been removed but can we not make some melodramatic us vs them thingy again ? 
  both of those sources are just . . ugh . 
  feel dirty giving them a pageview, 
  that would make pirate parties win by a landslide, 
  everyone knows that eastern europe consits only of the kamchatka peninsula , the rest of us are glorious western and nordic yuropeons, 
  i know , the passage that i was referring to was about hdp which is the party of the kurdish minortity . 
  but even for regular parties it 's a huge difference from 10 % to 5 % . 
   10 % vote required to be in parliament that seems like a lot , here even parties of tiny minorities such as ruthenians or croatians that got less than 0.1 % of the vote have 1 representative in the parliament . 
  first thing i do when entering a thread like this is ctrl + f `` romania '' , and it 's always what i expect so not sure why i do it, 
  why do n't they donate to or promote game studios from african/arab communities or countries instead of trying to shove american race relations into european mythology ? 
  i think the point is that after a short while you do n't have to look to the far right because you get used to what each color band on the left stands for, 
  i do n't mind it , i even like the tags before arrows like r/footballhighlights / has, 
  the problem is that here in eastern europe even integrated romas get discriminated because of what the non-integrated ones do . 
  but worst of all is how roma kids get treated in primarily non-roma schools or neighbourhoods . 
  my worst memory is related to this , and even now over 15 years later i still get angry when i recall it . 
  when i was 8 or 9 i was staying at my grandparents in a rural area for a while during summer break , which was very common at the time . 
  there was not much to do so i was playing football most of the time with random kids that were also visiting their grandparents . 
  the day that i was to return home , just a few hours before leaving , i saw these two bigger high school aged teens that i had been playing footy with for most of the week messing with a gypsy kid that was my age . 
  then one of them proceded to hold the kid 's head while the other one pissed in his mouth . 
  afterwards i alerted some of the adults but nothing really came of it , if it had happened to me or any other ethnically romanian kid there would have been some serious followup , but because it happened to a gypsy it was swept under a rug . 
  so yeah , dehumanizing any ethnic group brings a special kind of rage in me because no one deserves to be treated/judged based on what other people from their demographic do . 
  well , this is important but i 'd say 4 threads about it on the front page of / r/europe is a bit much . 
  and in general there 's a very low bar for what romania related news show up here . 
  just because we 're overrepresented on this sub does n't mean we have to push this stuff so much . 
   and may your era have no slavery and no humiliation of man by man . 
  guess we found this message too soon, 
  we 'd have 2 if it were n't for those pesky vietnamese, 
  wow , how retarded do you have to be to do that . 
  these guys not only risked their whole future for ** 1 ** immigrant but also hurt their cause by producing such a headline . 
  the fuck is a `` gayregional '' ? 
  and anglos are the only ones that pronounce [ `` r '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0avsvyv.png ) so half-assed . 
  i found poland 's numbers a little surprising , they have like 3 muslims over there yet they are second only to italy in their anti-muslim sentiment . 
  are you shitting me ? 
  there 's even 2 pissed off orthodox priests in this video asking the police `` why are you defending them ? '', 
  i know exactly how influential the orthodox church is in romania & moldova and what their rhetoric is regarding lgbt . 
  cause their priests tell them to care, 
  it 's just how humans work . 
  if the majority of young brits spoke swahili and you did n't , they would make fun of you .
