  it would be treated as if you could n't swim or were missing any common skill like that . 
  sorted it by top of all time and i 'm crying with laughter over here , thanks for the link, 
  the whole powermod thing does n't make any sense to me . 
  for one , why would anyone want to mod a dozen large subs ? 
  that 's like a full time job minus the getting paid part . 
  and secondly , why are they chosen over people that actually contribute to a sub and have an interest in it besides being power hungry ? 
  nah , candles are serious business for the romanian orthodox church . 
  a few years ago it was all over the news that they had started fining churchgoers that were using `` unofficial '' candles , as in not sold by them . 
   in 2011 , romania imported from north korea candles worth eur 350 million . 
  fucking hell , do we at least tax this or is it part of the church 's exemption ? 
   would n't it have been hypocricy if a terrorist state ( term by lithuanian president ) received points from lithuania ? 
  you do realise states ca n't sing , right ? 
  russia 's borders do n't have vocal chords . 
  would it blow your mind if hypothetically a lithuanian judge at the olympics would give a russian gymnast a mark above 0 ? 
  also nice shitpost , mate :  2.2 reaction gifs and memes are not allowed here . 
  it 's pretty obvious that he 's joking . . 
   the racism against moldavians within romania this word sure is getting dilluted , soon enough we 're gon na call our siblings racist if they make a joke about us, 
  how do clickbait blogposts like this reach the front page . . 
  that [ unbearable i-hdi ] ( http://puu.sh/hlpmz/e286d3e5a3.png ) . 
  ` funded ' and ` founded ' are 2 very different words ... 
  they 're not a random biker group , they are funded by putin 's administration to act like a pr machine for the kremlin . 
  they even threw a concert/show to celebrate the annexation of crimea and portrayed ukrainians as fascists in it . 
  how do people still fail to pick up your sarcasm every single day , sheesh, 
  from the quotes in that article i did n't get the impression that she 's from ` the other side ' . 
   and besides that does n't mean he lost his talent did you open the link ? 
  i 've seen 8 year olds draw a face better than that . 
  these shows are n't about talent , they 're about sob stories . 
  and his sob story was a twisted version of the murder , made himself seem like a victim and lied about what he was sentenced for . 
  i like how the sub is moderated , they only remove junk submissions that do n't follow the rules . 
  maybe they changed it , i only hear tchaikovsky on that site, 
  [ 1900 version by same author ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e589j.jpg ), 
  not really sure why but i find the youtuber style of editing and talking the must fucking annoying form of media in existence . 
  after 10 seconds it feels like torture , i 'll never understand why it 's so popular and they all do it like that . 
  that 's completely different . 
  religion class in romanian high school & middle school is basically preaching , it 's only about orthodox christianity and with an emphasis on the bible and prayers , not on the history or philosphy of it . 
  when i was in middle school it was still mandatory but i was lucky to have a down to earth religion teacher that did n't hold it against me that i was n't religious . 
  he even enjoyed debating with me on the subject , although i was just a dumb 12 year old like any other , and all he asked of me for marks was to argue my points of view . 
  in high school it had just became possible to opt out but only with a signature from one of your parents , which was pretty messed up but a step forward nonetheless . 
  there was no social pressure or pressure from the teachers for me like other romanians have encountered , no one cared much if you opted out or not . 
  i opted out and so did 3-4 other atheists/agnostics from my class and also a few whose religions were different branches of christianity . 
  others kept it even though they were non religious due to it being an easy class that could raise their average score a little bit . 
  since when do the dutch speak for all of eu ? 
  they were against us every step of the way as well, 
  ca n't believe this is controversial , the userbase of this sub changed so much in the past 2 years, 
  he 's being sarcastic , he always is . 
  and people always take him at face value . 
  / u/executivemonkey is reddit 's sisyphus, 
  baader-meinhof phenomenon, 
  almost all of the romanian ones are missing . . 
   i found a wiki page for the nightclub fire https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colectiv_nightclub_fire there 's a section about conspiracy theories , sad . 
   another thing is that people are thinking the nightclub tragedy was a setup to mask the death of the policeman no one takes that seriously , they 're a few conspiratards like ' 9/11 was an inside job ', 
  i do n't , but it does n't have to be one or the other , those are n't the only 2 options . 
  neither does any other leader . 
  if someone took a cheap shot at may or hollande i 'd find it just as bizzare if the thread were full of triggered people . 
  not to mention that we 've already had a guy with very similar character flaws that was the butt of all jokes here ( berlusconi ) without anyone losing their shit defending his honor . 
  not that juncker is n't a colossal prick , but when did this sub become trumplandia ? 
  nice sample size , mate, 
  seems i 'm missing some context , why is there an army of reporters/photographers there and a front page thread about a guy stealing a sleeping bag ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i see [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oswddre.jpg ) every single time there 's serious rain in a pl game, 
  i definitely associate those with the uk . 
  i always see them in shots of the crowd in premier league broadcasts , very rarely seen any anywhere else . 
  hey you do n't need to be a caveman to not be into the experimental post-modern pizza scene, 
  you 've seen people put garlic sauce or tartar sauce on their pizza as a condiment ? 
  ketchup at least makes some sense, 
  http://www.pizzeriagiovanna.ro/meniu/specialitati-timisoara/ here you go . 
  and calm down with the cult like fervor , you act like it 's blasphemy that i have n't seen this . 
   a person who finds out something odd that 's all there was to my initial comment , even added the caveat at the end to make it clear i was n't contradicting your initial comment . 
   yes , if eastern europe is a region . 
  a simple google could give you some hint that the `` ketchup habit '' is quite common even in timisoara http://www.pizzeriagiovanna.ro/meniu/sosuri/ http://www.dopopoco.ro/detalii-sosuri-timisoara-965 again , i 'm not saying i know that no one here puts ketchup on their pizza here , i 've just never encountered it , that does n't make me special . 
  i also have n't seen any of the other sauce options in those links put on pizza either . 
  they seem to be there mostly for the other fast food those places sell like the barbecue , fries , shawarma , chicken strips , all of which do commonly come with those kinds of sauces . 
   well , i 'm pretty sure of what i have ordered less than a month ago and it came with small recipients of ketchup so it is a regional thing , not sure what the point was of the rest or why the combative tone was necessary for a discussion about ketchup . 
  you 'll find it 's a lot more uncommon to eat only home cooked food until 10 + than the reverse . 
  also you 've gone from saying this is a current thing to only people that grew up before the 90s can possibly remember it . 
  26 , definitely have n't seen ketchup put on pizza in the 90s either . 
  might be because i 'm from tm . 
   the existing pizzerias were using recipes which looked similar to american pizza rather than italian ( and many continue today ) pretty sure ketchup on pizza is an oddity in the us as well . 
  i 've never seen anyone put ketchup on their pizza or any pizza place even offer ketchup , might be a regional thing . 
  yes , the euro , certainly not the limitless amount of [ lies ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) about the eu in the british press . 
  and certainly not lying to people that leaving the eu and staying in the eea means no immigration . 
   do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  went by train timisoara-bucharest and back this summer , 1 hour late both times , took them 10 hours for a distance of 550km ( much slower than our trains were in the 60s , mind you ) . 
  ac was not working and everyone was sweating like hell , bathrooms were incredibly dirty with overflown toilets . 
  the only part worth seeing on that route is the surroundings of orsova , the rest for the most part looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qnplvsh.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z27onwj.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uxdoq1x.jpg ) ( not my photos ) . 
   do any of you have advice for a train-traveller in romania ? 
  i do n't recommend travelling by train in romania . 
  they are filthy , slow , always late and not exactly scenic either , 90 % of what you 'll see between cities are overgrown weeds & trees on both sides of the tracks . 
  but if you insist on doing that , no you do n't ever need to buy tickets in advance and reservation is included in the ticket , buying them separately used to be a thing but many years ago . 
  it 's merely one example , extradition to romania is routinely refused , the 2nd link is an example from the uk last week . 
  there 's no way he 's going to prison , and it 's extremely unlikely he 'll even be judged in romania . 
  you 're forgetting how little diplomatic power romania has , people from western countries have nothing to worry about crimes comitted in romania , even if that involves killing someone . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teo_peter https://drystone.com/news/extradition_to_romania_banned/, 
  it 's fucked up that even in the clearest possible case of a fake report , there 's 0 accountability for it in their own country and not an iota of criticism from the rest of british media for it ( presumably due to fear of being sued by sky ) . 
  imagine fake reports about smaller issues that do n't force authorities to investigate . 
  then what ? 
  a government watchdog is out of the question because there 's concern about it trying to shape what is shown in the media . 
  other media companies are n't willing to touch their competitor 's misdealings with a 10 ft pole . 
  and you 're left with [ lies upon lies ] ( http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/euromyths-a-z-index/ ) that shape the future of countries with no consequences whatsoever for telling them .
