well , i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  there 's no shortage of assholes anywhere but the huge majority will treat you nicely no matter where you 're from . 
  i do n't think it 's healthy to extrapolate some nasty encounters into ` translvanians think like this ' and ` transylvanians think like that ' . 
  as for the elections , it 's only normal that regions become topical for a couple of weeks given how clearly outlined the electoral map is . 
  personally i 'm trying to look at the bright side despite my own frustrations about it , the fact that ponta 's voters are the oldest ( 55 % over 50 ) and the least educated ( 44 % only completed mandatory shcool or vocational school ) is a good sign . 
  there will be massive changes in our society in the next few decades once the generations that grew up post-89 become the majority , we 're one of the countries with the biggest education and cultural gaps between generations which should translate into accelerated progress . 
  i do n't even know who these `` we '' and `` you '' are supposed to be . 
  i moved to timisoara several years ago for university and stayed afterwards . 
  in this time i ca n't say i recall the subject of austria-hungary being brought up , and certainly not somekind of pride about it . 
  i also did n't witness or experience any regional animosity or people seriously caring where i or anyone is from . 
  at most you hear a couple of jokes about people from ardeal being slow or people from oltenia being incompetent or people from moldova speaking funny but with no malice whatsoever and mostly only after people are familiar enough with each other for those kinds of things . 
  in another comment you made a deterministic argument about how it 's not the merit of people currently living here that their opporunities are better than those from less developed areas ( which is true ) . 
  but now you 're contradicting that point of view by saying how valiantly `` you '' fought the ottomans to preserve the national identity while `` they '' were so content to be `` slaves '' . 
  i may be completely wrong here , but seeing how confrotational you are about these things is it possible that you bring up these subjects and rile people up into being assholes to you about it ? 
  because i have n't encountered the same beahviour and have friends here that also from other parts of the country and did n't have any problems like that . 
  nice going op , with the whole fake `` ca n't we all just get along '' followed by shitting on transylvania on every comment . 
  you know the saying ` the raindrop does n't feel responsible for the flood ' ? 
  that 's what you 're doing here , you 're part of the problem that you 're complaining about . 
  the source says that they hired locals to do face to face interviews rather than just compiling 2nd hand data so i do n't think baptism comes into play . 
  maybe retired folk and old school housewives are more likely to be at home and in the mood to answer questions from door to door knockers than the ones who work/study . 
  same here . 
  we 're undoubtedly one of the most religious countries in eu but 99 % is not close to reality . 
  i know far more people from my generation ( mid 20s ) that are either atheist/agnostic and/or simply do n't care about religion than i know religious ones . 
  perhaps it 's accurate for people over 50 but that 's about it . 
  oh wow , title made me expect that he simply did n't know that but the way he goes on and on with `` why would you do that ? '', 
  is ridiculous . 
  it 's like he 's trying to prove that it 's not him that 's wrong , but ireland is wrong for not using the pound . 
  there are far more people that speak english in romania than hungarian , it 's not even close ( same goes for serbia ) . 
  also i find it hard to believe that fewer people know english in germany , austria and bulgaria than turkish . 
  the term ` second language ' is too ambivalent here given that there 's no explanation whatsoever . 
  do they mean the 2nd most popular language overall , the 2nd most popular first language , or the language that most people have as their second ? 
  because , for example , most people that know hungarian in romania know it as their first language rather than second . 
  same goes for polish in the uk . 
  so looking at that makes it seem like they refer to the 2nd most popular first language . 
  but then you look at france and italy which blow that theory out of the water . 
  cause there are far more native arabic speakers in france than native english speakers and there are far more native german and sardinian speakrs in italy than english . 
  and then there 's portugal which pretty much destroys any pattern that i could possibly find here . 
  mirandese has only 15k speakers , it would n't be 2nd in any category . 
  this map is confusing , the methodology is indecipherable no matter how i spin it . 
  he 'll definitely get more votes than ponta from the other candidates but it 's highly unlikely that it will be sufficient if the gap is as big as the exit polls suggest . 
   they adapt to new situations yeah , by switching their position on every issue depending on whether they 're in power or in the opposition . 
   the fact that parties are converging on the middle ground they are n't . 
  most have no real affiliation except on paper . 
  psd is no more central now than 10 years ago and pnl is no more central now than 10 years ago . 
   if you ca n't find what you 're looking in the middle chances are your views are already too extreme to be healthy for the widespread society i 'm not sure you understood my point at all . 
  i would vote for the center-left if they were n't so sleazy . 
  my whole point was that i ca n't vote for them , not because of a difference in ideas on paper , but because of corruption and all sorts of foul play in practice . 
  everything you say is as if you 're responding to someone complaining that there 's no extreme left and right , whereas i was n't anywhear near suggesting that . 
  i 'm saying it 's bad that parties have no actual agenda whatsoever , it 's all done on the fly depending on what 's good for the party , rather than following any coherent set of thoughts . 
  they only exist to be in power , that 's their be all end all . 
  in developed countries they vote based on their views on economy regulations , social services , healthcare , education , military , worker rights , taxes , drug policies , minimum wage , abortion , and you know , other normal issues like that . 
  and of course theirs also flop here and there but at least they 're making a minimal effort to make it be about ideas . 
  here they 're barely even pretending it still has anything to do with policies , it 's like voting for your favorite color , no party has actual views that they try to stick to . 
  i 'm having a hard time understanding what you 're on about . 
  i do n't decide for everyone , i 'm supposed to represent * my * views . 
  `` elements from across the board '' are supposed to come from people with different views . 
  but having to vote against your own economic/social positions due to corruption and general shenanigans is the opposite of a healthy democracy . 
  a healthy democracy is me voting for what i want and you voting for what you want , not both of us voting for what you want because the parties that are theoretically supposed to represent my views are a clusterfuck . 
  elections are always depressing for me . 
  [ this ] ( http://puu.sh/caf96/30580e54ce.png ) is where i stand on the political compass but today i voted for one of the most right wing candidates . 
  why ? 
  because there is no real left-right in romania , parties ' policies , positions and alliances change at the drop of a hat . 
  so it only really makes sense to vote for whoever you think is the least corrupt rather than for whoever is theoretically closer to your political views . 
  everyone in the other threads about ukrainian officials put in dumpsters . 
  that was just funny , but because this one specifies ` female ' in the title you suddenly see comments like `` savages '' and `` humans are the worst '' . 
  i see most of those opinions on reddit on a daily basis . 
  in the 19th and early 20th century romania was basically france 's fanclub, 
  you 're the only one with 30 posts in this thread , pretty sure no one here cares about dick skin as much as you . 
   you guys always struck me as being basically exactly like us in the west because we grew up doing pretty much the same things and consuming for the most part the same information/entertainment/culture . 
  the same ca n't be said about our parents and grandparents whose formative years were extremely different than their western counterparts . 
  the difference between generations here is way bigger than in the west and so is the difference between urban and rural populations . 
  cognates , how do they work ? 
  darren fletcher/steven fletcher , or more exactly : darren , darren darren , darren darren , darren da-rren fle-tcher steven , steven steven , steven steven , steven ste-ven fle-tcher it 's a variation of the [ yaya/kolo toure song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svh4g9gxq7w ) which uses the tune from [ 2 unlimited - no limit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oknwhagxvle ), 
  i find this whole ukip thing interesting . 
  the biggest problem that emerging parties have is getting exposure , that 's why we so rarely see new parties shake up the established ones regardless of what they stand for . 
  because they get talked about so little in the media that most people are n't even aware of their existance or ca n't put a face to their name . 
  ukip quickly went over this hurdle because for years now they 're being made fun of in every single british talk show , which unsurprisingly is far better for a small party than not getting any publicity . 
  i watch a few panel shows ( like have i got news for you ) and i swear every week for the last few years ukip has been talked about more than all the other parties combined , and farage is talked about more than the pm . 
  maybe they disagreed with the `` our people are not perfect '' part, 
  or for people that know how language works . 
  i do n't make the rules that 's why i said `` are considered '' rather than `` are '' , people simply use the west/east divide in colloquial speech when referring to europe far more often than western/central/eastern . 
  and notice that [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/map_of_usa_midwest.svg ) is not quite in the centre-left side of the us and yet everyone calls it midwest . 
  the most accepted geographical midpoint of europe is in lithuania . 
  if you were to separate europe vertically in 3 blocks with that point in the middle then yes , basically only russia and eastern ukraine would be in the eastern third and ` eastern europe ' as a term that would refer to the technical easternmost third is pretty close to useless . 
  colloquialism always wins over technicality when it comes to how most people end up referring to things . 
  and the colloquial western/eastern european divide is based mostly on the economic discrepancy between the two sides which is biggest on the poland/germany and austria/hungary borders . 
  that and the fact that europe has been for a long time heavily shifted west from a cultural perspective . 
  portugal , spain and even iceland are `` heavier '' than some rock on novaya zemlya or in the urals which gives this slight illusion that europe ends where russia 's cultural area of the country ends , rather than where it actually does . 
  same principle applies to the midwest example that i gave , it comes down to cultural influence and the movement of cultural influence at the time that the term was adoped rather than pure geography . 
  that 's how it is , outside of academia language is much more alive and chaotic and does n't give a shit about predefinitions . 
  that 's why if you 're taken by force by someone , even if you 're 50 , you 're still ** kid ** napped . 
  common speech affects definitions more than the other way around sorry for the rant . 
   transylvania is first of all in central europe  banat is half-balkan-half-central-europe , are you serious ? 
  even hungary , poland , bosnia , etc are considered part of eastern europe , let alone transylvania or banat . 
  and this is coming from someone currently living in banat . 
  but yeah , the balkan line would have worked better for greece . 
  we do n't have a problem with it . 
  yes i do , why the hell would they return otherwise ? 
  it even says in the article that some actually contacted the authorities to ask if they can come back let me save you guys the trouble and translate this article . 
  what the sensationalist headline alludes : 60 hellbent jihad warriors conspired to stealthily get into the uk and put a destructive plan in motion .
