  from my experiences most europeans and european countries are very much alike . 
  but arriving at kairo is nothing you can compare to in europe . 
  for finlands sake there 's nothing you would get shocked about there except for their language which is kind of unique and funmy sounding ( i should know , i 'm from sweden ), 
  they 've been growing steady like this for [ years  ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/macedonia/gdp-growth ) with a mean of ~ 3,85 % , although a small deacceleration can be seen . 
  their unemployment rate have also been steadily decreased and once they get to 10 % things will not move as quickly as it does now . 
  my guess is that the next 10 years mean will continue to be above 3 %, 
  can you elaborate ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  she 's know for saying stupid things but liguistically speaking she was n't wrong when saying olycka in that sentence , although i admitt she could 've chosen a smoother approach and used a synonym that does n't bear such a strong association to luck or something that was n't on purpose . 
  ask your grandfather , he probably did military service in macedonia or kosovo . 
  [ salad here ] ( http://www.villagefeast.com.au/2009/10/30/simple-cabbage-salad-zelka-salata ), 
  actually , the `` pizza sallad '' came along together with the jugoslavians that came to sweden in the 70 : s . in macedonia for example they have this vinegar cabbage together with their snaps . 
  very interesting, 
  put your thumb over the latvian dudes hair and you get micahel scofield ( wentworth miller ), 
  foreign as in non-germans or non-european ? 
  i mean obviously this was n't done by domestic europeans ... 
  seriously , fuck our politicians and ourselves for bringing this shit upon us . 
  i have zero trust in getting any pension whatsoever from this state . 
  the day when you see politicians work fulltime until they 're 72 then i can do that shit, 
  i 've seen greeks claim napoleon was greek . . some even went as far as claiming old mayan and incan words derived from greek . . 
  i actually felt sorry for greece with all the problems linked to immigration . . but seeing how you treat your neighbours i think you had it coming that macedonia closed their borders on you . 
  keep doing what you do best , blame everyone else . 
  you 're right , people should not be treated like dogs . . 
  but if this really was a case of a refugee he would look at it this way ; * on the one hand : security , shelter , a place to live , roof above your head , food , water , possibility to work , be happy ... * on the other hand : war , unsafe , nowhere to live , chaos , misery , no possibility to work the conclusion is that this guy was dreaming of a place that do n't exist on this planet and was hoping to get everything served on a silver plate, 
  do n't bother asking a greek about minorities , they do n't keep that kind of census . . they measure demographics according to religion i.e all orthodox christians fall under greek orthodoxism and are therefore ` greek ' . 
  there are macedonian speakers in the northwest of greek macedonia and pomaks in thrace . 
  me and some friends visited last summer , we never had any trouble with the local people . . then we met some people from denmark and it all went south, 
  i would never recommend anyone come visit sweden either because to me it 's all everyday . 
  still lots of people vacation here and find it amazing . 
  so you did your research and still visited the place ? 
  then you can only really blame yourself . . ohrid , macedonia is amazing . 
  great food , cheap alkohol , carneval feeling during summer and great nature . 
  generally , all balkan countries have some of the most impressive landscape ( much thanks to the mountains ), 
  looks like some people are angry because they will have to take care of merkels problem, 
  did you know that greece has a region called paionia ? 
  they should 've kept russia at arms length ... 
  funny things to notice : * sweden having among the highest taxation rate in the world still 0 % mention it as a problem * estonia worries the most about the immigration issue while being the european country with the highest net emigration rate . 
  it 's funny watching movies from the 90 : s , all the cars had the lights off even when driving through tunnels . 
  taxi ( 1999 ), 
  europeans pay taxes by default , there 's no choice to make , tax is withdrawed before your salary even reaches your bank account . 
  and at the end of each year , the only thing you get is a tax return form that you need to sign . . 
  so , what will happen when all world countries are in nato ? 
   atheists , skinny girls , fat girls , lama 's . 
  you really built the tension , and i was laughing really hard at that last one . 
  thanks, 
  do n't take this the wrong way but ... it 's not you ... it 's me . . 
  we will bring our skiis once more, 
  here 's a thing i noticed ; there 's so much shitty comments on internet in general that it does n't matter if those people are from troll factories or if they 're just speaking out their minds . . they 're all brainwashed or braindead in some way . . 
  * how do you keep a norwegian occupied forever ? 
  - you write `` turn page '' on both sides of a piece of paper and give it to him . 
  * how do norwegians cut the card deck after shuffle ? 
  - they pick up half the cards in the deck and rotate them 180 degrees around the normal . 
  * what is more stupid than a norwegian ? 
  - two norwegians * what do you call smart people in norway ? 
  - tourists * do you know why norway will attack sweden in approximately thousand years ? 
  - because that 's when they will get our jokes . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's not like there 's a bazar convention where all the top exporter countries gather and you could just jump booths when country x do n't want to sell you 20 000 rifles , 500 tanks and 135 jets . 
  the mentality you 're referring to is what caused the whole real estate crash in 2006 and the shitstorm that followed in 2008 . 
  if you instead reverse the thought process things could look very different : country x refused to sell over reason y. 
  country x is right ... we should also decline to show these fuckers that they need to change . . 
  any sofisticated army uses carl gustaf rocket launcher . 
  and although i think boycotting selling to countries because of their internal politics is kinda pointless when it 's only done by one country i think it will have a long term impact as more countries follow suit . 
  sweden/nordic countries tend to be very progressive in these questions ( sometimes too much so ) . 
  heated floors are common in sweden as well but you 're comparing icelandic houses to swedish rental flats built in the 60s . 
  also you have warm springs all over, 
  says the one who uses inches , feet , yards , furlongs , miles , leagues ... gallons , ounces , pounds . . 
  seriously , how many thous is a league ? 
  no wonder you all need to pay for college . 
  you talk about independent heating which many already have , but when it 's continiously -20 to -30 degrees outside in some winter months and you want to have 21 degrees in your house and use electricity to heat it up you can easily pay up to 800 $ in a really cold month depending on the size of your house . 
  not so fun anymore eh ? 
  yes we have exactly the same problem . 
  it 's cold so you 'll shiver but not cold enough so you can turn the heat on ... 
  our number one problem in sweden right now ( same story every year ) it 's not warm enough outside so you 'll still freeze but it 's not cold enough that the you 'll be able to turn the heat on ... 
  thank god i 'm moving in three months to a villa where i can regulate my own damn temperature . 
  tropics , 25 degrees here i come !, 
  yea that 's definitely the one !, 
  i do n't recognise that name though , i only know the greek name kopanisti since before . 
  anyways you made my day , that mixture is amazing . 
  you can try the recipe on the site , it 's really fast and easy . 
  do you happen to know the name of the feta/chili dish ? 
  ajvar , pindjur ( really nice ) and lutenica ( hot ) . 
  these are wonderful meze dishes i ate while in macedonia , also scrambled feta chese mixed with one of the above ( do n't know the name though ) . 
  in sweden we have saltgurka and [ dillgurka ] ( http://www.ewerman.se/sv/content/dillgurka ) which is a cucumber pickle ( vinegar or vinegar essence with salt water and dill ) really nice and fresh . 
  changes profile picture on facebook ... 
  as always it 's not about what you eat but how much you eat ... 
  found the bulgarian, 
  first italy and now macedonia . 
  are the quakes from the same tectonic plates ? 
  we all know the answer to that ; p\u00f8lsekorv down their throat and a carlsberg in their hand, 
  nordic welfare : +3 cultural bonus for swedes -30 % unrest against mena, 
  til great britain and france was an old man yelling, 
  did n't know we were joking about ww3, 
  seriously , everything that guy zuckerberg touches turns into the creepiest shadiest stuff ; what a snake . 
  the best thing i heard was when [ mojang ditched a deal with oculus ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/notch/status/448586381565390848?lang=en ), 
  actually , i was in macedonia back in 2008 together with some class mates and we met theese really good looking serbian women playing in a quite `` professional '' handball team . 
  they all referred to macedonia and macedonians as south serbia or south serbians . 
  but you know we were partying and they were hot so who gave a fuck, 
  my friend arrived yesterday , he 's in ohrid now . 
  weather is okay,
