helms deep ? 
  zwei is pronounced tsvaj caesar is pronounced sesar, 
  i did n't realise that when i was typing because we use the latin verision in swedish . 
  an independent thrace could 've actually been a reality . 
  they had a similar organization as the macedonians did, 
  you speak like the slavic migration happened like this syrian one where all refugees are heading for germany . 
  do you really think they had borders like this 2000 years ago ? 
  that you had greek border patrol strolling around and blocked the slavs from enetering `` greece '' . 
  if you think that slavs did n't settle in all of south eastern europe think again, 
  to be fair i do n't actually believe that greeks stand behind this censur , anything done in this manner is contra productive ( one of the reasons sd have had so much exposure here in sweden ), 
  you have to be stupid if you think that 2 million people all of a sudden decides to call themselves something they 're not, 
  oh but no politician could say that , ot 's not pc enough to say that women and children are weaker than men, 
  do you mean that more people would be willing to accept refugees if the smallest option would be 100k people ? 
   might check if their candidate is from austria though , just in case . 
  do n't forget to double check so his name does n't begins with a , you can never be safe enough . 
  how to tag ? 
  being hospitable might work when you bring in 1 % of the most educated , wealthy people of a nation . 
  i would like to see how charitable you could be when the other 5 million syrian refugees start reaching your borders, 
  what about these people ? 
  * moldavia a romanian region , and moldova the republic * luxembourg a belgian province and luxembourg the republic * lichtenstein a german principality and lichtenstein * lappland a swedish region , and lappland a finnish region, 
  do you see me writing torsh\u00e4lla , eskilstuna , s\u00f6dermanland , sweden ? 
  should n't germanys proudest moment be [ this ] ( http://images.football365.com/14/07/800x600/brazil-1-germany-7-full-time-scoreboard-world_3170011.jpg ) ? 
  the way i see it you just trim your sails to the wind, 
  i 've been to both greece and macedonia and a lot of you really look the same . 
  wait , do n't you have a region called paionia in greece as well ? 
  what is there left for them to name themselves ? 
  username checks out, 
  i 've been to several balkan countries , and the ` hate ' that you call it is nothing more than trashtalk and in 10 generations ~ 200 years you will be happy if there are two ` races ' left to walk the surface . 
  none has been proved . 
  still , do you see swedes laying claim on all of the viking heritage ? 
  macedonia is a region and even in ancient times it was a mix of tribes . 
  but seriously though , why do you think balkan countries struggle ? 
  because if you would 've put even an ounce of interest to solve important things instead of being stubborn arguing about shit things you would actually be some of the most successful parts of europe , im serious . 
  the number of full blooded spartan citizens number in the thousand by the time of philip . 
  you read right , thousand . 
  and then get mad when you 're told you ca n't, 
  political differences aside , balkan countries share a lot in common . 
  personally , i hope that this crisis will bring you closer to each other in dealing with this urgent but delicate matter . 
  he probably thought you were niko beli\u0107, 
   legally move here that was the problem, 
  it 's funny , this is exactly how i reason here ( in sweden ) . 
  by the time i 'm ready to retire there will be minimal pension and you 'll need to work till you 're 75 ( which has already been suggested by the former ministers a couple of years ago . ), 
  sure , the life expectancy will be a couple of years higher with our modern generation , sadly i do n't imagine the immigration will pay my pension ... 
  you are comparing a freelance with being employed . 
  being a freelance means that you are your own business , not an employee . 
  when employed , the salary that you pay tax on has already been taxed once ( it 's called social fees ) by the company that you work for ; being selfemployed means that you will need to pay social fees and income tax by yourself . 
  un declaration of human rights article 15 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone has the right to a nationality . 
  ( 2 ) no one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality . 
  * http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ it is considered undemocratic to deprive the free individual of his rights to self determination , as in the case with greece ; greece have plenty of minorities : * albanians in epirus and attica * macedonians in western and central macedonia * bulgarians and turks in thrace most of these minorities do n't have rights to declare nationality and must instead choose between major beliefs such as : * orthodoxy * muslim * chatolicism * judaism of which the majority belongs to the orthodox church ; greece in turn , only recognises the greek orthodox church within the state therefore you will see most minorities cosidered greeks in the census . 
  it 's funny when a greek minister talks about vitalising democracy ; meanwhile their own citizens do n't even have the option to declare what nationality they belong to , only their religion . . 
  because nordic countries do n't have real life problems to deal with , therefore stuff like this can be practised . . 
  is that because of earths current rotation ? 
  do they pay for using it ? 
  ( i 'm serious ), 
  stolen ones do n't count / s, 
  sweden is like nokia in 2008 . . closing your eyes while driving your car to work would result in better situations . . 
  half the times the mothers are twice as good, 
  hey man !, 
  no offence taken , i just wanted to explain the probable cause . 
  i 'm very open-minded and i make the same joke you just did every day . 
  have a great weekend !, 
  the northern countries have an average population density of ~ 20/sqkm and in some areas it 's as low as 10 while many places in europe mainland averages between 300-1000 . 
  ofc people who crowd with 10 times more people on a daily basis are going to be more easy going and not so laid back . 
  if people are free to believe in pastafarianism then you can call yourself what you want ya fucking wank, 
  or a martyr, 
  balkans have some of the most beautiful places on earth , yet it 's so sad how much of a shit hole it is because of reasons like this ... 
  you said it ; modern . 
  we 're not talking about the modern greek province here , we 're talking about the country of macedonia . 
  you can downvote me all you want , but the real question is how you think you have any right whatsoever to dictate others right to self determination . 
  if your neighbour told you to change your name because his kid had the same name , would you change it or would you be looking at him like he was a retard ? 
  also , there 's no beef between other countries over a fucking name : * moldavia a romanian region , and moldova the republic * luxembourg a belgian province and luxembourg the republic * lichtenstein a german principality and lichtenstein * lappland a swedish region , and lappland a finnish region greeks have urged macedonians to change name to paionia an ancient kingdom related to the area , but oh wait , there 's a greek region named after that too . 
  also take this un declaration of human rights and choke on it ; because there 's nothing greece or you can do about what macedonians call themselves  article 15 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone has the right to a nationality . 
  ( 2 ) no one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality . 
  * http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/, 
  because it 's all about getting a head start compared to your neighbours even if it meant selling your grandma ... 
  how the fuck do you know where macedonians origin from ? 
  are you a demographist ? 
  do you believe that the region of macedonia was just empty land were slavs settled and decided to start calling themselves macedonians ? 
  do you also believe that you ( frenchmen ) are not in any way connected to gauls ( celts ) because of the frankian ( germans ) invasion ? 
  then why the fuck would todays macedonians not have any connection to the ancient ones ? 
  also , greece pulling the slav card is getting ridiculous as if the slavs just stopped once they reached greece . . fyi slavs settled all the way down attica and even reached as far as peloponese , so genetically they would n't be any different from the macedonians, 
  hence premium where music can be pre-stored for use without connection up to a month , requires some planning obviously, 
  you 're saying you have the same values , goals , views of life that you had 10 years ago ? 
  gim me a break, 
  you pay tax as an unemployed here in sweden and i think you do in other countries as well , but yeah this is n't a good argument for voting, 
  are you saying people does n't change ? 
  who do you think make up the society ? 
  `` it 's called soccer '', 
  i get that , but we 're not talking about autobahn here ... 
  imagine speeding 26 kmph on a 30km/h road . 
  that 's a 86.7 % increase and should not be taken lightly as there 's a good reason for the speed limit . 
  it 's a great idea which i think they have in norway as well . 
  the price for speeding 20 km/h and up here in sweden is $ 500 . 
  100 is n't reasonable , especially with the german wages ... 
  then my point is still valid, 
  one question though ; have you been to either finland or egypt since you took them as an example ? 
  from my point of view you 're way out of the ballpark if you assume that finland would make you feel equally shocked compared to egypt . 
  i 'm saying this because i 've been to both countries and i 've also been to most european countries including croatia , serbia , macedonia .
