  currently , they 're allowed back into their home countries after returning . 
  with control of your borders , you can deny them re-entry into the country . 
  - something we 're currently unable to do due to eu law . 
  agreed about it breaking up , but the 15 years i think is optimistic . 
  it 'll come to a head very shortly when the piigs start squealing again . 
  the eu can deal with the euro crisis in two ways ; centralised economic policy ( a fully federalised europe ) or breakup of the euro zone . 
  i just hope it 's peaceful when it happens . 
  and yeah , i 'd be happy to help rebuild when this anti-democratic monstrosity finally chokes under its own weight . 
  so long as its an economic area only , as was agreed originally . 
  yes , it 's amazing what you can do when you control your own borders . 
  and in a year or so , they 'll be able to come to the uk totally legally . 
  sorry europe , we 're still european , but brexit ca n't come fast enough . 
   i never said that . 
  the article makes a couple of specific points about the motives behind suicide bombings and terrorists ' knowledge of islam . 
  everyone is free to worry about religion all they want , just not ignore facts . 
  i 'm not attempting to ignore facts , its just that the article pointing out that isis peons who blow themselves up are n't the sharpest tools in the shed is n't mind blowing , they 're pawns . 
  it 's using the title ` suicide bombers are most often `` sadly ignorant about islam '' ' that irks me , it implies that suicide bombings are un-islamic , which is not the case . 
   nope . 
  also , it 's not by `` western liberal '' journalists , but by a journalist in a major centre-right danish newspaper . 
  nothing you said disproved my guess . 
   then it 's good that he does n't dismiss any relation . 
  he just says that the primary causes are something entirely different . 
  it 's not that he dismisses it , i disagree with his conclusion on the primary cause . 
  not to say that kicking the hornets nest has n't increased the rate of getting stung . 
   let 's go find the actual study and look at the data and reasoning . 
  a lot of the data he is using has nothing to do with islam , as he states a lot of the pre 2001 data is related to the tamil tigers . 
  feel free however . 
   mind you , the data about them being ignorant of islam is from another study . 
  let 's try finding that too . 
  the fact that the pawns are n't islamic scholars is hardly a mystery , but they 're not the one 's in charge . 
  which means the title is n't a direct lie , its just materially misleading . 
  the implication that suicide bombing is un-islamic is both the current political line , and wrong . 
  again , feel free to find the study  no , that 's not how the solo taxonomy works . 
  by `` prestructural thinker '' i 'm just talking about how you relate to the particular material in this particular situation ... that is , total inability to relate to something relevant , process it , and then make a relevant point . 
  i 'm sure you 're a fine chap otherwise . 
  no reason to think otherwise . 
  i 'm sure, 
   i am no philosopher , but if you really want a better world then you should read about the history and philosophy of science and abandon this immature approach to facts you may not agree with . 
  that is called common sense and objectivity . 
  you tell me to look over the history of philosophy and science and then in the same breath say do n't worry about religion ? 
  pull the other one , it has bells on . 
   not once did you relate seriously to the actual article . 
  the article is a joke , almost a propaganda piece . 
  suggesting that islam is not related to suicide bombings , its just that they 're defending their homes is bullshit . 
  the only reason these people considered it their home is because they 're muslim and its the caliphate !, 
  it also ignores the fact that these acts are justified using the quran and hadiths - by those responsible . 
   research of thousands of attacks , `` peons , '' a former islamic scholar ... 
  does n't matter what facts are brought to you . 
  wo n't be of use to a prestructural thinker . 
   that is no normative prescription . 
  that is an observation made from facts . 
  they compare `` the book '' ( as you like to tout ) with their answers and conclude that they do not match . 
  simple . 
  logical . 
  factual . 
  not a single word about how anything ought to be , just an observation on how it is . 
  yes , they 're talking to the peons , not the islamic scholars that these guys are listening to , who do actually know the quran  of course it is , but it is not a closed yes/no issue . 
  in what way is it holy , divinely inspired , the reveal truth ? 
  in what way is its message to be understood ? 
  this is called a qualitative method in methodology , not a quantitative one . 
  that would be the mental masturbation i was talking about - you 're a philosopher i take it ? 
   that is false , but even if you mistakenly choose to throw anything but natural sciences out of the word science ( an obvious mistake ) then you should keep your anglo-saxon absurdities to yourself . 
  we can use the german wissenschaft , the danish videnskab , the latin science , the french science , if you want , they 'll all prove you patently wrong . 
  if it does n't follow the scientific method , which philosophy outside of logic does n't and social sciences ca n't due to inability to control the variables , its not a science . 
   like imprisoned is members , mentioned in the article , who do n't even know the religion they are supposed to represent . 
  bit of an overreach there on what they said :  `` they are sadly ignorant about islam and have difficulties answering questions about sharia law , militant jihad , and the caliphate . 
  but a detailed or even superficial knowledge of islam is not necessarily relevant for fighting for an islamic state , '' lydia wilson writes in the magazine the nation . 
   a lot more than your obvious trolling . 
   more than you 'd think . 
  not that it matters . 
  you make no effort to hide that you do n't care about facts or no facts , it 's exclusively about hating a group of people . 
  i 'm not trolling or hating , i just want my children to grow up in a better world than mine . 
  so i dislike the idea of totalitarian religion with a prescription to replace the culture and law of their guest country gaining ground in mine . 
  the history of europe is the struggle to rise up from under bronze age books , at the cost of millions of lives . 
  that is now fundamentally at risk , simply due to demographics and a lack of integration . 
  wow , shame you cant get the time spent writing that back . 
   this is research made from observations , containing no normative prescriptions about religion at all . 
  `` sadly ignorant about islam ''  ... and your assumptions about how religion works are factually wrong . 
  the holy book is n't holy , is n't divinely inspired , the revealed truth ? 
   i guarantee you that if you asked a researcher of the science of religion ( a field of research at many universities across the world ) i have a new winner for title of grandest oxymoron social sciences are not science , philosophy is not science  they would tell you about hermeneutics , exegesis , branches within branches of denominations , and a lot of other knowledge about religion that is much more reliable and nuanced than these assumptions you make . 
  yes , philosophers engage in massive amounts of intellectual masturbation  but you could also just take it from muslims themselves like brussels ? 
  or paris ? 
  or london ? 
  or new york ? 
   if you can get an english translation of the former lebanese imam ahmed akkari 's book `` my departure from islamism '' , an autobiography by one of the key figures who traveled to the middle east to fuel anger toward denmark and the west during the crisis following the newspaper jyllands-posten 's publication of drawings of muhammed . 
  i 'm sure he has something valuable to say / s  one of the main themes in his book is how much disagreement and strife there is between the various factions using the same mosques in denmark out of necessity . 
  salafists vs muslim brotherhood , pro-militant jihad vs anti-militant jihad , etc. 
  if it was as simple as you made it , there 'd be no denominations and no factions because `` that 's just the way it is '' . 
  except that it is not . 
  at all . 
  and just how much disagreement is there amongst them about the punishment for adultery ? 
  apostacy ? 
  insulting mohammed ? 
  shariah law ? 
  there are many different brands of rat poison , its still rat poison, 
  what is it with western liberals telling people how their religion should be practiced ? 
  i know they have a god complex , but the entire schtick with religion is that the holy book is , you know , holy . 
  the book is what tells you how to live by the religion , not some overpaid , under qualified liberal arts major . 
  the wbc is more christian than catholics , because they actually live by what the book says . 
  its the same with isis , they 're just following the book .
