nobody is doing that . 
  if the netherlands veto something on the eu level that needs unanimous approval it wo n't pass and it wo n't be implemented . 
  because that 's been the pattern before right ? 
   but i do n't see why the dutch referendum should influence german foreign policy . 
  and i do n't see why the dutch should be able to block eu things that do n't need unanimous approval . 
  thats the downside of the eu , things require unanimous approval , this is why the eu is still dealing with the greek issue . 
  the dutch just happen to be the only ones in europe in this instance that had the ability to force a referendum , everyone else could 've had one if their governments allowed them, 
   unlike you , i have a lot of work to get done before the weekend so i do n't have time to respond to all your incoherent rantings and conspiracy theories . 
  you know what they say about assumptions right ? 
   transnistria nope , they just have troops near crimea  south ossetia/abkhazia you mean the countries that were imploding in civil war that russia stabilised with peacekeepers ? 
   crimea we 've already discussed this . 
  it 's 90 % russian  donetsk ditto , plus a defence against eu expansion  and it has bullied other nations into remaining in its sphere of influence . 
  like every other power on earth ? 
   like threatening to expel moldovans working in russia if moldova moves closer to the eu . 
  a country living up to its national interest . 
  damn those pesky russians . 
   no matter how much i type here you 're still going to go to bed thinking the us and eu are evil and russia is a beacon of morality thats just not what i 'm saying at all . 
  what i 'm saying is that russia is merely acting in their national interest in the face of aggression from the eu and us . 
  no one is perfect , not even the eu or us  sure it may have a hundred dead reporters that did n't agree with the kremlin , ditto for opposition party members . 
  like i say , not perfect  but hey , the us and eu are evil , so by default russia is good the quality of the eu , us and russia are not determined by how good the others are  if you are actually in the uk enjoy the prosperity your evil country allows and your relative freedoms russians can only dream of i will , but you may understand , it also allows me to appreciate that acting in the best interests of your own people is not evil  i know quite a few russians that wo n't even go back for a visit because they are so brainwashed by the evil west they actually think it is a better place to live . 
  be careful you do n't give the west moral carte blanche, 
  at least there 's sanity somewhere on the globe . 
  seriously considering a relocation across the pond if the god emperor is elected, 
  because thats how the eu system works ? 
  it 's either all or none . 
  the other countries in the eu did n't even bother giving their citizens referendums on it . 
  they just signed it like good little minions, 
   except the us power has global benefits . 
  globocop has benefits and downsides . 
  it all depends on who 's at the wheel . 
  ( protip : things go badly when it 's jesus )  the fact of the matter is the us does not go around annexing countries nah , just bombs them into the stone-age and the rapes them of natural resources  and in fact smaller countries invite it to open bases on their soil mmm that tasty international development money  it is a bit different than the prior imperialist times . 
  yeah , we have cameras now, 
  lol  fuck nuance , you 're either with us or against us . 
  it 's great to see the intellectual integrity of the masses is n't it ? 
   i guess that 's why european countries are at war all the time with each other , right ? 
  because europe is one big mexican stand-off ? 
  snark is only funny when it 's got some relation to the discussion . 
  europe chose the trade agreement approach instead , over which the eu has grown like a wart  too much computer games , kid . 
  or you 've been watching some weird documentaries . 
  or you know , read a history book ? 
   solid argument . 
  well the summary of your argument is that turkey commits suicide and your defence is that they have nukes . 
  nato has nukes in turkey , its a very different situation . 
   turkey shot own a russian jet plane . 
  nothing happened . 
  turkey 's got nukes , so russia can do precisely fuck-all no , russia did nothing with it because it was in their interest to do so . 
  they 'd been saying for a while that turkey was funding isis and buying their oil . 
  putin ended up looking like the elder statesman and erdogan looked like a crazed islamist dictator . 
   oh , by the way . 
  it 's a nato member . 
  so , while turkey can close the bosphorus , because that 's their fucking territory , any military action against turkey would be a declaration of war [ except it 's clearly an act of war to do so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits )  of russia on nato . 
  good luck with that . 
  which means turkey is n't covered by the defensive pact of nato . 
   the dutch government is the one that should agree with the dutch people , not the french/german/other . 
  agreed  and while a eu wide referendum would be great , politicians of other countries do n't have to follow the will of 64 % of the 30 % of the dutch people . 
  well , actually they do . 
  you cant just ignore the process thats set up for these treaties just because its inconvenient . 
   the other 70 % could have a variety of opinions they did n't share ( from not caring to no to yes ) . 
  and had they voted , their opinions would have mattered  you should be asking for a referendum , if you respect democracy , not elected officials to bow to other nations ' opinions . 
  thankfully britain is having a referendum soon , so hopefully yeah , we 'll get our democracy back, 
  were your country a decent country , you would have a referendum on it too . 
  most eu countries have an unelected minister who pretty much signs whatever the eu puts across their desk . 
  thats why only a few countries have referendums when the eu massively expands its powers via things like the lisbon treaty, 
   why are we encircling russia ? 
  because they are/were a superpower , same reason we 're doing it to china  is there some sort of cold war everyone has been missing ? 
  its been going on for years , it 's never really discussed because everyone assumes its just a good thing to keep russia bottled up and sanctioned it tends to be referred to as the [ new great game ] ( http://www.policyinnovations.org/ideas/briefings/data/000033/ ) a continuation of the same policies for the same reasons as the old great game  is anyone attacking russia , a state with nuclear weapons ? 
  you ca n't physically attack a nation with nuclear weapons , but what you can do is isolate them , sanction them etc  does anyone want anything except peaceful trade with them ? 
  yes , submission to the will of the us and eu  the fact that the russians are paranoid does n't really excuse them . 
  lol , it 's not paranoia if they really are out to get you, 
  by unelected , i was referring to the eu commission . 
   so russia is under threat because they canno attack the eu . 
  got it you know how international diplomacy works right ? 
  it 's the same as all politics , it comes from the barrel of a gun i have a bigger stick than you , do as i say if russia can not threaten the eu , they have no power , and thats not in their national interest . 
  mutually assured destruction , and the peace it brings , only works if its mutual  also , all turkey needs to do is close the bosphorus hahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahah  which they can , they 've got nukes after all ahahahahahaahahahahahahahah  and all that black sea naval power becomes completely useless . 
  you 're very funny . 
  if turkey closed the bosphorous , that is a declaration of war , and its an aggressive act , which means that they would lose their protection under nato article 5 and russia would once again demonstrate why russia has won every war its ever fought against turkey  that 's why literally no one except russia gives a single flying fuck about the black sea yanukovich was overthrown party because of the kharkiv pact . 
  this is the great geo-political game of encircling russia and china thats been going on since the end of the second world war, 
   it is a bit funny you ignore the actual treaty russia agreed to that recognized ukraine 's territorial integrity and you bring up an agreement with nato that never existed . 
  russia agreed to leave ukraine alone , if the west left the ukraine alone [ the idea that the agreement never existed is bull ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-s-eastward-expansion-did-the-west-break-its-promise-to-moscow-a-663315.html )  nato is a voluntary organization , but i can see why countries want to join yes , it means you 're not going to have your government overthrown by the us and eu . 
  i can understand why people might want that  it has been shown time and time again , if you were formerly in russia 's sphere russia will eventually take a piece of your country by force unless you join nato . 
  oh , like where ? 
  and the same could easily be said of the us or eu , except they tend to prefer `` peoples revolutions '' . 
   also a bit funny you speak about the self determination of the break away regions yet gloss over the fact the countries that joined nato and the eu did so of their own accord . 
  the majority of countries know that joining nato means they get free protection from the us , thats what it is . 
  the majority of countries joined the eu before the eu was the eu or because their politicians thought it would beneficial ( look how thats working out for greece )  it was not at gunpoint as is russia 's typical fashion when has russia expanded in the last few decades ? 
   but i suppose those that want to join the west are exercising the `` wrong '' self determination in your eyes so it can be written off . 
  the majority of people in the eu have never had a say in the new members , it 's been signed off by unelected bureaucrats  lol so they 're not breaking international law ? 
  despite the fact they 're not sanctioned by the wto or un security council perhaps you like living in a world where its one rule for thee and another for me  its clear russia is the aggressor as none of the countries it keeps taking land from are part of the russian federation . 
  they 're just an ex member who was lent land whilst a member , who has now been overthrown by the us and eu  nobody is taking russian land . 
  well , the land was given to the ukraine , the natives are all russian  russia has taken or is taking the land of several other countries . 
  such as ? 
   so yes , russia is the aggressor . 
  despite the first move being made by the us and eu ? 
   no matter how much russia thinks it owns other countries it does n't . 
  crimea is over 90 % russian , and the donbass is pretty much the same  and by acting the way it is it will guarantee more and more will look west . 
  and by acting the way it is , it will outlast the west as we sink into our own manufactured collapse, 
  haha , so desperate, 
  lol , wow , surely you have a better understanding of the situation than that ? 
   do n't like it vote different dudes in the office next time . 
  you know the eu guys are n't elected right ?
