  saying someone who literally interprets the book and follows all of its commandments , rather than just the ones they feel comfortable with is `` ignorant about the faith '' is idiocy of the highest order, 
  i wonder if thats why the media refused to show the pictures of the 200 odd muslims having a street battle with the police to protect the paris attacker . 
  can we have up to about constantinople instead ? 
  well , he 's sort of right though . 
  adblock started as a legit thing , then they decided to allow ad companies to pay them to let ads show . 
  that 's a protection racket . 
  admittedly , i do n't want adblock to go away , but what they 're doing at the moment is incredibly dodgy . 
    how about the german bdi ? 
   since when have the bdi been an eu institution or related to the eu in any way ? 
   clutching at straws much ? 
  you seem to be missing my point , maybe you 're just wilfully ignorant , but once again , the point i was making is this : it 's not in the eu 's interest to make leaving an easy thing to do . 
  as one of the largest lobbyists of both the german and eu governments the bdi is symptomatic of this . 
   specifically , the uk , ireland as its main trade partner and several others who might follow the uk 's lead , like the czech republic  please provide a source for these outlandish claims . 
  just because you do n't like hearing them , does n't make it outlandish , these are legitimate concerns of many citizens of eu countries . 
  ( ireland ) [ http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ibec-boss-warns-of-irish-exit-from-eu-after-brexit-1.2213938] ( czech republic ) [ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/czechrepublic/12170994/czechs-will-follow-britain-out-of-eu.html] ( holland ) [ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10621264/dutch-would-be-better-off-if-they-left-the-euro.html]  seeing as the eu is a democracy , i guess you must think it 's good ... now you 're just showing your cluelessness , answer these two questions , then tell me the eu is a democracy 1 ) which part of the eu proposes laws ? 
  2 ) do you get to vote for them ? 
  now go learn about ( diem25 ) [ http://diem25.org/]   i 'm not sure what your point is here ? 
  i 'm referring to countries that provide net outflows to the eu as opposed to net receivers of eu funding . 
  if people want free stuff , someone has to pay for it , and if one of the big three payers leaves , what happens next ? 
  do the other two take over the excess ? 
  ( i 'm sure their publics would love that )  the net contributors would be sending slightly more and the net receivers would be recieving slightly less . 
   is this a hard concept to understand ? 
  wow , you 're just not getting this are you ? 
  the point i 'm making , is that there are many reasons that people already want to leave , trying to convince people to stay when they 're going to either pay more or receive less is a tougher sell is this a hard concept to understand ? 
    i do n't know , maybe you could do some research ? 
   where in your `` source '' does it say ireland will leave ? 
   even should the uk exit , it is in ireland 's interest to keep the uk bound up in the eea , and to prevent it from bouncing out of eu trade agreements  so basically the article is about ireland wanting to keep the uk in the eea ...  why are you linking this to me as a `` source '' that ireland will leave the eu when we do ? 
  again , missing my point , i 'm not saying that ireland will leave the eu , i 'm saying that the potential of that outcome forces the eu into making leaving a very unattractive thing for other countries . 
    you 're very abusive for someone who seems not to know about any of this  again , you 've linked a completely unrelated article as a `` source '' that your lies are not lies ; when it is plain for all to see . 
  where have i lied ? 
  you just seem unable to understand the words i have written . 
   i was talking about the eu imposing tariffs , which it legally is not allowed to arbitrarily impose punitive tariffs under wto rules . 
  it does n't need to impose punitive tariffs , it just needs to make the whole thing unpleasant and drawn out . 
   perhaps you are the one that needs to do some research and stop consuming this fud propaganda that you 've taken as gospel . 
  for someone who seems to be epically struggling with reading comprehension , you 're pretty quick to call out propaganda   a lot of people seem to be keen on leaving right now ...  and a lot have always been keen on remaining ( hence why the eu was created and has evolved over ~ 40 years ) ... what 's your point ? 
  well , in all fairness , after that initial entry referendum , no member of the public has had a damn word of say in how europe has evolved over 40 years . 
  it has been decided for them but the eu council and forced on them via treaties like maastricht and lisbon which the public has never had a say in . 
   what other nations are threatening to leave if they do n't get a renegotiation ? 
  just wait , the precedent is now set . 
   my `` reading comprehension '' trumps your abysmal knowledge of european politics it seems . 
  and yet you think the eu is a democracy ...   you think the uk should now no longer be able to renegotiate ? 
  why the hell should one governments feeble attempt at a renegotiation be the final irrevocable one ? 
  what about future members of the country who might feel differently ? 
   my opinion is that we should n't try and get special treatment just because you feel special . 
  because i feel special ? 
  a ) the uk is special b ) the entire point of the referendum is so that the uk public can decide what 's best for the uk public , as you 've already admitted , the eu has evolved , which it will continue to do . 
  removing the ability to renegotiate because you think it 's arrogant to have self interest is both insane and a plain wrong on the next generation . 
   imo the eu should be a two tiered system with purely economic members on one tier and federal/political members on the second tier . 
  which is exactly what the eu was not supposed to be , a two speed europe is the failure of the eu project   since merkel unilaterally decided to let all of mena into europe  do you understand german ? 
  because the only people i ever talk to that claim this are the ones that ca n't actually speak german ; and therefore do n't actually know what merkel said . 
   merkel was referring to the refugees already in europe when she said she wanted to take the refugees in . 
  she was referring to those refugees already arrived in europe , nothing else . 
  you being unable to read properly ( because apparently you 're an uncultured swine ) is not the same as her `` unilaterally deciding '' something . 
  a ) an uncultured swine ? 
  good to see you keeping things classy b ) source ? 
  the welcome culture was n't restricted to just syrians already in europe , at the very least it was an open invitation to syrians . 
  which arguably would have been fine , if , she had the consent of her people , the infrastructure to move the people , the means to check they were actually syrian and was ok with creating a brain drain in the region resulting in a longer more drawn out crisis in the area . 
  apart from the last , which ca n't be known , she never had the former . 
  the consequences of those actions have resulted in nearly the entire mena heading to europe , many of whom are now drowning in the med or starving in migrant camps . 
  so at the best , she 's wildly incompetent and shortsighted . 
   how can you not remember this incident ? 
  yet focus specifically on one tiny event ? 
  the double think with you is insane . 
  wow , just wow . 
  you 're saying that that is n't a single tiny event , but organising the welcome culture and pushing for other eu countries to undermine the wishes of their electorate is ? 
  and you accuse me of double think ? 
    you really should sort out your reading comprehension . 
   you can keep claiming `` reading comprehension '' all you want mate , it 's pretty clear which one of us needs to go back to primary school . 
  idd   so perhaps calm down a little ? 
  stop being so aggressively self-righteous . 
  it 's clearly not your thing  it takes two to tango ... thats axiomatic to most people , apparently you are n't most people . 
  no , apparently not , i prefer more accurate analogies , like it only takes one to put a match to powder . 
  but just to make it crystal clear if you start insulting someone , like so :  like i said earlier , anyone claiming to know what will happen ( e.g. 
  you ) is talking shite . 
  you 're the one causing the problem , not the one responding in kind, 
  in response to :   well , you can have a decent guess though . 
   like i said earlier , anyone claiming to know what will happen ( e.g. 
  you ) is talking shite . 
  bad to respond in kind , but hey, 
   what i want to know is what this guess is based upon , stuff you 've plucked from your arse or academics that know what they 're talking about ? 
  how about the german [ bdi ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-26/forget-amicable-divorce-if-you-exit-eu-german-bdi-tells-u-k ) ? 
  also , you seem such a charmer :  like i said earlier , anyone claiming to know what will happen ( e.g. 
  you ) is talking shite . 
   stuff you 've plucked from your arse but back to the topic  of course there is fear of an eu breakup , just like there was fear of a uk breakup ... that does n't mean it 's going to happen , nor does it mean it 's a good thing ... 
  i 'm not just talking about the uk leaving , i 'm talking about several countries leaving . 
  specifically , the uk , ireland as its main trade partner and several others who might follow the uk 's lead , like the czech republic as to whether its a good thing or not , it depends on whether you like living in a democracy or not . 
   so you also think every country on the planet is unstable then , because all of them give cash transfers from the richer regions to the poorer regions . 
  perhaps you should do a little research on interstate cash transfers . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is here ? 
  i 'm referring to countries that provide net outflows to the eu as opposed to net receivers of eu funding . 
  if people want free stuff , someone has to pay for it , and if one of the big three payers leaves , what happens next ? 
  do the other two take over the excess ? 
  ( i 'm sure their publics would love that )   will its trading partners , like ireland leave too ? 
   is that a joke ? 
  do you have any sort of sources for these outlandish claims ? 
  i do n't know , maybe you could do some [ research ? 
  ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/what-happens-to-ireland-if-the-uk-exits-the-eu-1201725-dec2013/ )   or will they just accept the eu massively tariffing their trade ? 
   again , source ? 
  a lot of hot air is coming out of your mouth with little substance nor evidence . 
  you 're very abusive for someone who [ seems not to know about any of this ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-ireland-idukkcn0su00320151105 )   what happens to other countries that are otherwise not particularly keen on the eu like czech republic ?
