     source : http://www.advisorperspectives.com/dshort/updates/household-income-distribution.php   or maybe you 're not taking into account inflation ? 
   did you even read your or your own link ? 
  they both take inflation into account . 
  yes , it 's true that wages have been shrinking , but compared to the 70s , 60s , 50s , they are still much higher . 
  ok , so wages have been shrinking in real terms for 50 years , yet we still somehow have more money than we did 50 years ago ? 
  color me confused   perhaps we could clone new workers instead ? 
   not neccessary . 
  soon we wo n't need any workers anymore anyway with robots replacing them all . 
  ah yes , the much hyped 4th industrial revolution , which will ensure equality and justice for all . 
  - bs     yes and no , it allowed for family planning , so that families tend to be smaller and later in life . 
  this does n't explain the continuous drop in pair bonding . 
     of course it does . 
  contraception allowes you too have 0 -2 kids instead of 5 -6 . 
    how does that explain the drop in pair bonding ? 
   i am not even sure what you mean by that . 
  how does contraception reduce pair bonding ? 
    do n't worry about the high value people in your nation not breeding , totally not a problem  that 's not how it works . 
  so people from well off backgrounds generally do n't tend to do better ? 
  in the uk , a father has no legal rights to his children , unless the mother consents to put his name on the birth certificate . 
  it 's illegal to get a dna test done to prove the child is yours and even if you did you would still have to go to court to gain any contact . 
  even if you did manage to get contact in court ( assuming you can afford the fees ) you will see your child for 1 weekend in a fortnight . 
  essentially , kids are not the fathers , they are the mothers , unless she decides otherwise , or you have a shedload of money to throw away in court . 
   an initial drop in infant mortality leads to a reduction of the number of children ? 
  the opposite should be the case . 
  why ? 
  if you expect some of you children to die , you have extra . 
  this was demonstrated throughout europe/east asia over the last century  the reason why people have less kids is because they can . 
  theres a difference between having less kids and no kids  with increased wealth comes more indepency so you do n't to have kids to use them as labor or to take care of you when you are old . 
  this is exactly the problem . 
  you do need kids to carry on the economy when you retire . 
  this is exactly the issue that japan has at the moment with an ageing population . 
  the only difference between japan and europe is that europe has imported labour whereas japan decided it was better to have national homogeneity . 
  as to which is better ? 
  when was the last time you heard about something like rotherham , cologne or paris in japan ? 
   with religion losing more and more power people turn also more hedonistic . 
  why have kids if you can buy a boat from that money ? 
  personally , i 'm atheist , but this is one of the best arguments i 've seen for religion in a long time . 
  for the majority of people , the idea of genetic legacy is important . 
  yes , there are a certain number of childfree type people , but not significantly more than throughout history, 
    no legal rights for fathers , unless given permission by the mother . 
   i am not going to get into this because it seems oddly out of place and very agenda driven . 
  the point i was making is about birth rates , it takes two to tango . 
  if dads have no interest in being dads , you would expect to see a massive increase in the number of single mothers ( check ) and a drop in birthrates ( check )   a massive reduction in the take home pay for workers since the 70s  wrong . 
  households have more money than in the 70s . 
   source : http://www.advisorperspectives.com/dshort/updates/household-income-distribution.php ok , just a thought experiment here , how comes it now takes two incomes to effectively support a family now rather than the 1 required in the 70s ? 
  maybe everything just doubled in price eh ? 
  [ or maybe you 're not taking into account inflation ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/jan/31/real-wages-falling-longest-period-ons-record )   which is why we have the alternative , mass immigration eventually leading to population replacement . 
  and eventually the death of secular humanism and a return to religious superstition and honour cultures . 
   like this is the only alternative . 
  there are plenty of other ways to cope with an aging society . 
  please enlighten me ? 
  perhaps we could clone new workers instead ? 
    someone has to pay for their pensions . 
  someone has to care for them in their old age . 
   that 's one of the reason why poor people tended to have so many kids . 
  is it ? 
  definitely not that they do n't budget and have too much time on their hands ? 
  surely if that was a reason people considered having kids , it would be far more common amongst the economically literate ? 
    if you 're one of those people who thinks the world is overpopulated , please realise that the overpopulation problem is occurring pretty much exclusively in east asia , and soon to occur in africa . 
  native european populations have been below replacement levels for 50 years . 
   i do n't think . 
  i think the reduction of humans on this planet is actually a good thing . 
  we are already too manny . 
  i would n't disagree with you , but that is [ soon to resolve itself ] ( http://www.profilepharma.com/en/infections/zc-gcontent/entry/0/1274/2706/multidrug-resistant-infections.html ) so i would n't worry about overpopulation too much   yes and no , it allowed for family planning , so that families tend to be smaller and later in life . 
  this does n't explain the continuous drop in pair bonding . 
   of course it does . 
  contraception allowes you too have 0 -2 kids instead of 5 -6 . 
  how does that explain the drop in pair bonding ? 
    it is and it is n't , money is one of many factors , the super rich tend to have reasonably large families , its the middle class that does n't , because pair bonding has become an exercise in legally sanctioned forced wealth distribution . 
  the poor have the most because they are state subsidised and have the time . 
   except that the poor always had and ahve the most children even in countries or times with no welfare systems . 
  yay - lets breed an idiocracy !, 
  do n't worry about the high value people in your nation not breeding , totally not a problem, 
  it does n't happen by magic . 
  there are mechanisms that cause it to happen . 
  the initial drop is due to infant mortality rates , due to improved natal care there is also a drop due to contraceptives , as a small percentage of people choose to go childfree . 
  that does n't explain the continued drop . 
  you 're saying it just happens , and ignoring the mechanism of action . 
  it also does n't explain the continuous decrease in pair bonding . 
  example ? 
  i mean , if you 're referring to africa , the reason is infant mortality rates . 
  if you 're referring to any western european nation its because you get a free house and lots of money for popping out sprogs, 
   what incentives to not have kids do you speak off ? 
  no legal rights for fathers , unless given permission by the mother . 
  a massive reduction in the take home pay for workers since the 70s the ludicrous costs associated with marriage , home-ownership and higher education , which has now been so diluted that a degree is practically meaningless pair bonding has been on the decline for the last 50 years . 
   there is no going back to the 50s . 
  which is why we have the alternative , mass immigration eventually leading to population replacement . 
  and eventually the death of secular humanism and a return to religious superstition and honour cultures . 
   people do n't have kids because they do n't need to anymore . 
  1 in 5 european women are now childless , 80 % of whom would rather not be . 
  and what do you mean they do n't need to ? 
  someone has to pay for their pensions . 
  someone has to care for them in their old age . 
  if you 're one of those people who thinks the world is overpopulated , please realise that the overpopulation problem is occurring pretty much exclusively in east asia , and soon to occur in africa . 
  native european populations have been below replacement levels for 50 years . 
   with modern contraception this is n't the case anymore and having a choice more people opt out . 
  yes and no , it allowed for family planning , so that families tend to be smaller and later in life . 
  this does n't explain the continuous drop in pair bonding . 
   it 's not about the money , it 's about convinence , because otherwise you 'd see the rich having the most children , yet the opposite is true .
