  are the scots really that desperate to claim independance ? 
  i 'm sorry but this is ridiculous . 
  i 'm looking forwards a few years . 
  if things do n't change , it 's going to get ugly . 
   the thing here is : nato had been started to cooperate in a military perspective , the eu to keep the western part of europe intact , and keep it on the american side ( us threatened to stop financial help if european countries did n't cooperate ) . 
  america is bound by self interest to keep supporting europe . 
  if europe started siding with russia , geopolitics would look very different . 
  the us can threaten all it likes , it does n't have leverage . 
   in other words , the eu has always been a political union . 
  for the us . 
  it has no reflection on what the european people have agreed to . 
   well , you joined in the 70s , so you 'd think a majority of the english were in favour of joining . 
  yes , the public was led to believe it was a trade agreement . 
  there was no mention of political union  if not , your beef is with the uk leadership back then , not the eu . 
  it 's sort of irrelevant , to whats going on now . 
  the eu has grown up like a tumor over trade agreements  even after that , ` not having a choice in leaving ' is a bit weird to say , since that is not something the eu implies , but simply something from the uk . 
  apologies , i 'm not exactly following your meaning here . 
  no one wants to leave europe , we just want to leave the eu commission  it 's really weird to hear from someone from the uk , because you are actually going to either vote to stay in or go out of the eu . 
  and its a vote the eu ca n't just ignore  in the same way interpol and europol are not the anti-terrorism units of eu countries combined , it 's simply a overarching organization that has juristiction everywhere in it 's participating countries so we have police cooperation ? 
  great and actually , i do n't want the british intelligence services being merged into a european entity . 
  britain is by far the most important intelligence gatherer in europe . 
  our methods and security are a world ahead of the rest of europe . 
  merging ours with europe would reduce our ability to deal with terrorism , by infecting the whole thing with redundant politics and mindless bureaucrats . 
   europol and interpol mainly focus on bigger crimes , but do n't go after a ` simple ' murderer or thief in the uk who fled to italy . 
  cooperation in a national level goes by eu standards and rules . 
  quite frankly , i do n't like the idea of the european arrest warrant . 
  there have been numerous instances where british citizens have been dragged to places like greece to rot in jail for 18 months before even being charged . 
  the uk justice system is streets ahead of anything europe can offer and i do n't want to lose its protection  the main reason you get hit by an terrorist attack is because you 're bombing isis no no no no no where does this come from ? 
  really ? 
  theres never been terrorist attacks before isis ? 
  are you joking ? 
  jihadism and islamism have been around for a lot longer than isis and will be for a long time after isis has been buried under the sand  i 'm not saying you should stop doing that at all , i 'm just saying that isis beef is n't with the eu . 
  if they were , they would n't attack countries outside the eu . 
  the issue is that the eu does n't allow us to say : `` oh , you 're coming back from syria after having plastered facebook with pictures of you severing the heads of infidels - how about no , your citizenship is revoked , i hope you enjoy syria , your new home . '', 
   i like your statement about deporting people that may have terrorist connections : even though i do think people like that should be arrested , deporting them is simply making it some else 's problem ( france for example ) . 
  now that is just plain egoistic . 
  this is a very tough issue , because as you may know , a lot of terrorists are second generation + immigrants . 
  you ca n't deport those , so for them , yes , prison for life . 
   simply denouncing my arguments by saying they mean nothing is just childish ... 
  i 've studied economics , so i 'd like to think i know where i 'm talking about . 
  let me put it in other terms : apologies , i did n't mean to cause offence , it 's just that when i hear the words `` streamlined '' and `` economic cooperation '' i just think of [ this ] ( http://www.businessbuzzwordbingo.com/ ), 
   political stability can only be attained by also creating political affiliation . 
  er , says who ? 
  the eea was formed to stop a new european war , not the eu . 
  the eu is much closer to causing a new european war than anything else . 
   it began with trying to form a unified western europe against the russians . 
  why would we need this ? 
  we have nato  since we 're no longer in for it for that reason , we have other reasons : yes , we 've not been given a choice to get out since the 70s  at first it was simply to equate laws that would make production for multiple eu countries more streamlined , increasing the economic cooperation . 
  you just said a lot of buzzwords , it means nothing . 
   later on ( now ) it is a good way to coorperate with police ( esp . 
  with the current terrorism threat ) and other parts of legislation . 
  interpol and europol are not the eu . 
  we are far more likely to get hit with a terrorist attack if we stay in the eu , as we ca n't deport people like abu hamza , we ca n't control our borders , and we ca n't stop uk jihadis returning to the uk . 
   the eu is also potentially a very good tool to come up with a solution to the immigration problem . 
  the eu started the migrant problem , they have no interest in stopping it . 
  they desire a new young and cheap workforce in europe to pay for pensions . 
   countries are afraid that they wo n't be heard among the other 26 members , creating a feeling that ` brussels ' is handing out laws that countries simply do n't want . 
  the commission is the place where laws are made , they 're unelected . 
   ` brussels ' is handing out laws that countries simply do n't want . 
  correct and i 'm not even sure where to being on your second point , other than to say : why would you prefer a government further away with less of your interests in mind to a national government that is accountable to us the people . 
  what benefits are exclusive to the eu that make up for that cost ? 
   please understand that i know the eu is flawed as it is right now it 's terminally ill , and it 's only going to get worse . 
   but halting progress in it 's tracks , or leaving the eu for that matter , wo n't solve anything on a larger scale . 
  oh but it would . 
  so many global issues would resolve . 
   we seem to have quite different views about the situation . 
   cooperation and trade are fine you do n't agree with cooperation and trade ? 
   incredibly naive and suicidal european asylum policy . 
  i say naive , because i can fully understand where the sentiment comes from . 
  it 's hard seeing it and wanting to help is natural , but pathological altruism is n't the solution . 
  the eu asylum policy basically says anyone who touches european soil can stay , it along with merkel 's declaration is what triggered the mass migration and before you say it was toppling middle eastern dictators , yes , that did n't help , but before the eu policy and the welcome culture they were n't trying to cross the med in overfilled and barely seaworthy boats , putting millions in the hands of people smugglers . 
  this might be excusable , after having consulted the public and gaining their consent , if germany and sweden had the capacity to handle that many people . 
  now they just have a huge number of people who are illiterate in their own language , have no hope of getting a roof over their heads or integrating into the community in any meaningful way . 
  i say suicidal , because like sweden and germany , we have a very generous benefits system , and if you want to know why that would be a bad plan , have a look at whats going on in sweden right now , and to a lesser extent germany . 
   have a nice day . 
  you too, 
   and for dessert , the dissolving of the eu . 
  you tease  let 's back to the great time we had before that ... you guys remember the golden age between 1900 and 1945 right ? 
  ah yes , that thing we decided trade would solve . 
  why the political union again ? 
  just because i do n't want to be a part of a federalised political union does n't mean i dislike europe . 
  cooperation and trade are fine , but we do n't need to pool sovereignty , and it certainly does n't mean that we need to give up control of our borders or follow the incredibly naive and suicidal european asylum policy . 
  hors d'oeuvre have been served , next the main course ; due 23rd june . 
  impartiality would be a step up from the dribbling lefties who currently run the show, 
  why deport the ones with compatible cultures ? 
  they missed out `` moderate muslim '', 
  considering the demographic changes occurring ? 
  yeah , might be an idea . 
  the only issue is that it 'll be the only thing stopping us from having another european brawl once the eu goes down the toilet, 
  lol , love it . 
  wildly optimistic post skipping over the fact that a united states of europe is an awful idea - top response :  i 'd be very hesitant to suggest anything with a lot of certainty , but i for one would urge europe to not form a united states of europe, 
   are you really so naive ? 
  you sound like the spokesman of a far right party . 
  lol , so desperate . 
  `` i have no case , so smear , smear , smear ''  `` hey , if we just deny them access we wo n't have bombings !, 
  so easy '' !, 
  nobody said that , i said it would help . 
   and by the way , people who go to syria and get trained or fight there already get prosecuted . 
  ah yes , lets continue to radicalise our prison population , thats working out just great . 
  here 's just one example of why it would : what happens to all of these european citizens who have gone to syria to fight for isis ?
