  and i 'm guessing you do n't see the irony in saying they should 've voted differently in one situation to explain a situation where they voted their clear desire . 
  it was n't even close, 
  wow , that 's just so ignorant . 
  you do know its the russian access point to the mediterranean right ? 
  the soft underbelly of the eu ? 
  this encirclement of russia has been going on for decades . 
  go read a history book, 
  agreed . 
  the next few years are looking pretty worrying, 
   no we would n't . 
  wow , this is exactly why the eu is going to crumble shortly , with a decent chance of massive loss of life . 
   30 % attendance and polls showing that people did n't exactly grasped what was this vote about , turning it into general anti-eu referendum yes , the majority of people know that voting against something the eu wants is pointless , you will just be ignored like every other time . 
   will of the people my ass . 
  they just voted , that is the definition of a mandate displaying the will of the people . 
  politicians are elected to represent the will of the people , not the eu, 
  we , the eu, 
  wow , so optimistic  eu : offers trade agreement that allows for reduced barriers to cross border trade . 
  the eu offers the closest thing to the ussr in the present day . 
  unelected bureaucrats ignoring the will of the people and acting in their own personal interests  russia : militarily annexes a large portion of ukraine . 
  you mean the 90 % russian crimea ? 
  that was lent to the ukraine whilst it was still a member of the ussr ? 
   supplies weapons to untrained militants used to shoot down a civilian airliner . 
  when your opponent ( us and the us ) is arming militias , you have to too as for the airliner : a ) thats not proven to be a russian incident , it 's just as likely the result of ukrainian militias b ) whoever shot it down , i 'm pretty sure they did n't know it was a civilian airline as it 's massively counter productive to either side  militarily supports a second break away region that it will either try to annex in the future or keep as a frozen conflict to prevent further integration with the west . 
  the other massively ethnically russian area ? 
  perhaps they 're keeping as a frozen conflict so that the eu and nato stick to the original deal , which was no further eastern expansion . 
   it has plenty of experience creating frozen conflicts for exactly this reason . 
  yes , rather than a hot war in response to the illegal sanctions placed upon the russian government . 
   i can see why ukrainians and eastern europeans in general are more worried about the latter than the former . 
  so can i , you really think russia is being aggressive , rather than acting in self defence, 
  we funded and ran the coup to remove yanukovich , a russian ally so that we could remove russia 's naval base from the black sea . 
  in the process destroying the decades old peace and unspoken agreement that neither nato or the eu would expand east . 
  lol , the eu shills are already here it appears . 
  after what the eu did to the ukraine , we have n't got a leg to stand on . 
  shocker , would n't want to let a little thing like the will of the people to get in the way of the eu edit : lol banned, 
  part 2 :  creating the same standards for producs allows goods to be shipped everywhere with extensive and expansive adjustments , and allows the eu to set a standard for safe and reliable products , that should n't be/won ' t be toxic etc. 
  that is true , to an extent , but you make it sound like no one traded before eu standards were introduced . 
  there 's no reason that we need the eu for any of that , or even that it provides that much of a benefit . 
  especially when you counter it with the costs that it puts on businesses  the eu did n't start the migration problem , the huge amount of people fleeing from multiple conflicts , hunger and prosecution across the middle-east and africa , thinking that people in the eu are swimming in money , and ready to share that wealth with them . 
  the eu did start the migration . 
  whats the difference between whats going on in europe today , and whats happened during every other period of war and migration ? 
  the difference is the eu asylum policy saying that essentially anyone is welcome if they land on european soil and merkel 's welcome culture . 
   the reality is grim however , since we 're not swimming in money , and even less inclined to share the money we do have . 
  many immigrants only learn of that when they arrive . 
  why is it about money ? 
  this is the real issue . 
  it 's not about money , it should be about opportunity , and personal freedom . 
  remember this is supposed to be a hand up , not a hand out . 
   i 'm guessing you 're basing the `` they have no interest in stopping it . '', 
  on the fact that the eu tries to distribute immigrants over it 's members , despite some not wanting to ? 
  i 'm basing the `` they have no interest in stopping it . '', 
  on what they 're doing and saying . 
  you know we have a demographic time-bomb in europe right ? 
  loads of pensions and not enough young people to pay for them ? 
  thats why they have no interest in stopping it . 
  and `` despite some not wanting to ? '', 
  is the understatement of the century . 
  the only countries keen on taking in refugees are germany and sweden and both of them are now starting to reconsider , now their cities are burning . 
   because everyone argees that the crisis should be handled , i 'm just guessing you mean they should stop the immigrants as a whole ? 
  asylum seekers only , and asylum seekers by the un definition , not the eu definition . 
  the rest should be supported in refugee camps in the surrounding countries to the war zone . 
  so that we do n't cause a brain drain in the area , which would massively increase the length and damage of the violence . 
   and the eu parliament votes whether or not they want it . 
  they have been elected , and even then there is the possibility for countries to veto it , as shown in yesterday 's election in the netherlands . 
  ah yes , just like the lisbon treaty , oh and do n't count the chickens before the eggs hatch . 
  the dutch vote is n't sorted yet . 
   i 've talked about it 's benefits above , which have ( in my eyes ) not yet been disproven . 
  and next to that : it ridiculous to think that the parliament in brussels does n't have your concerns in mind , however it 's hard to count in all 500 million concerns , buts and complaints when making legislation . 
  you 're proving my point , the further away a government is , the less representative of you it is . 
   the point i 'm making here is that you ca n't appease everyone . 
  agreed . 
  that 's why i want a government that has less people to appease  to say that brussels only makes laws that people do n't want is hypocritical , since there are a lot of things every country does support , simply not mentioning these is like saying you hate your government for making you drive left , and acting like that 's the only thing the government does . 
  i do n't think brussels is only producing laws no one wants . 
  what i 'm saying is its at the point where the cost of the laws created by brussels that no one wants are greater than the benefits of being in the eu . 
   you base that on what ? 
  there are problems in the eu , but nothing that ca n't be solved with coorperation . 
  the main reason that is n't happening right now is because there are things that need to be changed , including the willingness to do so . 
  the eu is wildly corrupt , massively undemocratic and is paralysed under the weight of far too many totally exclusive needs . 
  the euro is a perfect example . 
  it can not survive as is without continuous cash injections to poorer mediterranean countries from richer northern ones . 
  this was known from the get go and was used to force a situation where federalisation or collapse are the only two answers . 
   what issues ? 
  i mean , really , what issues ? 
  do n't say immigration , simply going out of the eu and closing the borders does n't solve the problem , that 's just making the problem worse for others . 
  you could that of course , but that 's just being a giant ass . 
  the people being the asses are those who said `` you 're all welcome '' , its unsustainable and has resulted in thousands dying . 
  not to mention the pressure on communities and their services . 
  closing the borders forces these short-sighted , morally-superior ego monsters to actually acknowledge that this is neither authorised or desired by the citizens of europe . 
  personally , i kind of think whats happening to sweden is karma . 
   i must say i respect the way you bring forth ( good ) arguments against mine , this level of argumentation is something you ca n't really find in the netherlands itself , as there are a lot of people either not giving a shit about this or simply yelling the same 2 ( invalid ) arguments over and over . 
  agreed . 
  the fundamental issue is that no one is able to talk about these issues . 
  it 's a pleasure to chat to someone who is willing to . 
   have a good day . 
  and to yourself, 
  response is really long  part 1 :  the eea was formed in 1994 ( ! ), 
  to increase eu trade . 
  the eec was the beginning of major eu cooperation between european countries . 
  you 're correct , apologies , it 's the eec , not the eea that was implemented to stop another european war . 
  the point i was making though , is that we do n't need political union for that purpose  what ? 
  where ?
