   like always the eu will allow them to leave or remain , it 's up to the people to decide . 
  a lot of people seem to be keen on leaving right now ...   even if the uk stays do they now have the right to demand renegotiations ? 
   of course not , we 've already renegotiated once , why should we get to dictate the terms of the eu to its 27 member nations ? 
  hmm , that reading comprehension tripping you up again . 
  i was referring to the other nations . 
  now the uk has had a crack at renegotiation , why should n't everyone else ? 
  as to your `` answer '' : a ) you do know the difference between negotiation and dictation right ? 
  b ) you think the uk should now no longer be able to renegotiate ? 
  why the hell should one governments feeble attempt at a renegotiation be the final irrevocable one ? 
  what about future members of the country who might feel differently ? 
   now you 've gone full / r/conspiracy ... 
  since when does germany decide the `` cultural future of europe '' ? 
  since merkel unilaterally decided to let all of mena into europe without any kind of background checks or infrastructure to bring them or the consent of her people , resulting in the deaths of hundreds of people by drowning in the mediterranean , not to mention whats now going on in germany , or merkel 's demand that the rest of europe take in the `` refugees '' she flooded her country with in her own moral grandstanding and shortsightedness . 
  you really should sort out your reading comprehension . 
    as i said , it 's a guess . 
  pretentious douchebags with reading comprehension difficulties ( e.g. 
  you ) ( and merkel ) make it far more likely though . 
   `` my bullshit has been spotted , now i must insult people and make myself feel intelligent . '', 
  it probably has n't occurred to you , but i was parroting your asinine comment from earlier :  like i said earlier , anyone claiming to know what will happen ( e.g. 
  you ) is talking shite . 
  when i said i was making a guess :  well , you can have a decent guess though . 
  so perhaps calm down a little ? 
  stop being so aggressively self-righteous . 
  it 's clearly not your thing, 
    the eu is going to attempt to screw the uk as hard as it can , specifically so that other countries feeling the urge to leave rethink it . 
   source on this ? 
  as i said , it 's a guess , but surely you have noticed the fear of an eu breakup , economically its not stable other than by permanent transfers of cash from net productive countries like france germany and the uk to net deficit countries i.e greece , ireland , ee etc what happens when 1 of the big 3 providers like the uk leave ? 
  will its trading partners , like ireland leave too ? 
  or will they just accept the eu massively tariffing their trade ? 
  what happens to other countries that are otherwise not particularly keen on the eu like czech republic ? . 
  even if the uk stays do they now have the right to demand renegotiations ? 
  the eu is neither politically , culturally , ethnically or religiously aligned now . 
  they can agree on practically nothing . 
  the more these crises bite , like the piigs squealing and germany unilaterally deciding the cultural future of europe the more the divisions in the eu appear unreconcilable . 
   like i said earlier , anyone claiming to know what will happen ( e.g. 
  you ) is talking shite . 
  as i said , it 's a guess . 
  pretentious douchebags with reading comprehension difficulties ( e.g. 
  you ) ( and merkel ) make it far more likely though . 
  well , you can have a decent guess though . 
  its not going to be a pretty divorce . 
  the eu is going to attempt to screw the uk as hard as it can , specifically so that other countries feeling the urge to leave rethink it . 
  mind you i tend to think that will only slow the inevitable collapse , of which the brexit question is just the first step . 
  maybe i 'm just cynical , maybe diem25 will achieve something . 
  i 'm not holding my breath, 
  yeah , i 'll just vote for someone else ... 
  turkey controls the bosphorus , which is the only exit out of the black sea into the med for the russians . 
  nato will never pass that up , which is why i 'm not so sure about the article 5 thing . 
  were russia to respond to turkey , nato might well defend the bosphorus straits, 
  uh huh , sure . 
  up until 5 years ago it never happened elsewhere . 
  oh no , that would be awful / s edit : ah yes , because a wildly undemocratic bureaucracy who seem more concerned with funding their pensions than listening to their people seems to be working out just great for the europeans, 
  people keep saying that , yet all those arrested for it in cologne were syrian . 
  not sure about the ones in the rest of the cities affected by the extra handsy ones on new years . 
  i 'm sure that 's why you 're covering your ass with `` almost exclusively '' though . 
   there is no point in discussing with you when you dont even bother to read my or your own link . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  the link you sent is to do with household incomes , which prior to the 70s were the result of 1 person and subsequently were the result of 2 and yet they 're still pretty much flatlining ? 
  and yet you say its increasing ? 
  the link i sent you was from the guardian ( yes , i feel appropriately slimy ) in my defence it was the first link in google i found that seemed like it was showing the point . 
  this is a [ better one ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/real-wages-decline-literally-no-one-notices-2013-6?ir=t ), 
    why ? 
  if you expect some of you children to die , you have extra . 
  this was demonstrated throughout europe/east asia over the last century  exactly . 
  and why are you getting extra children ? 
  sorry , i do n't follow ? 
  poor people used to have lots more children because they brought in extra money from child labour , they had extra because there was a high instance of child mortality . 
  with the reduction in child mortality , birthrates drop to a level that assumes that the children wont die . 
  they have a lot more now , because they are subsidised with housing and money per child . 
    theres a difference between having less kids and no kids  in average people have 1.5 children . 
  which is 0.5 below replacement level , i.e the population is shrinking . 
  and i bet you that that figure includes children of immigrants , who as a group have above replacement birth rates . 
  i.e if you were to look at just the indigenous people , the rate is much lower . 
  remember its almost exclusively the indigenous peoples that carry on the culture . 
    this is exactly the problem . 
  you do need kids to carry on the economy when you retire . 
  this is exactly the issue that japan has at the moment with an ageing population . 
  the only difference between japan and europe is that europe has imported labour whereas japan decided it was better to have national homogeneity . 
   on a macro scale you might need children to keep the economy going but on an individual scale you are much better off saving for retirement without kids . 
  yes , i agree with you , the me me me generations are a real problem for society . 
   the idea of genetic legacy is losing power year by year . 
  thankfully they do n't breed as a rule , so time will take care of this issue . 
  it 's a shame that they are n't aware of the damage they 're doing in the meantime . 
    yes , there are a certain number of childfree type people , but not significantly more than throughout history  statistics would disagree with it . 
  theres a difference between being childfree through choice and not, 
    ok , just a thought experiment here , how comes it now takes two incomes to effectively support a family now rather than the 1 required in the 70s ? 
   you can easily support a family on one income if you keep living like the people in the 70s . 
  people today spend much more money because there is much more shit to buy . 
  hahaha - ok , not even close , not even vaguely . 
    is it ? 
  definitely not that they do n't budget and have too much time on their hands ? 
   poor people always had more kids even when they worked 16 hours a day in the factories of the 20th century . 
  yes , because children worked and brought in money to stop the family starving . 
  nowadays they bring in money via government assistance . 
    surely if that was a reason people considered having kids , it would be far more common amongst the economically literate ? 
  because the economically literate just take the money they would have spend on their kids and put it into a savings account instead . 
  you seem to be thinking that the only reason people had kids was because they needed them to support their old age . 
  completely ignoring the fact that its a normal healthy feature of humanity to want to have kids . 
  people are n't having kids because it 's disincentivised    wrong . 
  households have more money than in the 70s .
