  if it is so then the initial skimming during basic training is too lax . 
   anaerobic power : [ ... ] the female top 25th female percentile overlaps the bottom 25th percentile for males this shows that they were too lax in the initial selection . 
  they have full access since 2000 . 
  there have been no decrease in effectiveness caused by having them in combat roles . 
  as of today they make around 8 % of our armed forces . 
  do n't be so sour , kraut . 
  welcome to the 21st century . 
  maybe if we press balkan + central + soviet we can reboot moldova . 
  the cull needs to continue , but because of environmentalist pressures key figures involved in the extermination are being investigated . 
  accusations are about the excessive use of pesticides and the health risks for the population of the area . 
  first time i heard of it . 
  i 'm in my early 20s if this matters . 
  yup . 
  * whoa *, 
  in estonia ? 
  this could work , but strict external border control must be implemented , hopefully with financial help from non bordering countries . 
  a marvelous song i found on / r/italy that i could n't resist to post here when something about russia popped up . 
  [ trading places ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trading_places ) and [ home alone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/home_alone ) have been on the air every single year around christmas . 
  we also have the opposite , every christmas has a low effort comedy movie with big names of the trash movie scene that is forgotten weeks after it hits the theaters . 
  edit : [ balto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balto_ ( film \\ ) ) is also frequently aired on christmas afternoon , i loved the cartoon as a child . 
  his introduction is a perfect description of italy 's relationship with the vatican . 
  our social progress has oil tanker anchors thanks to it . 
  lube is on me if someone wants to shove it in his holy backside . 
  enjoy the tourism while this fad lasts ... then it will become yet another area that looks like old soviet block houses . 
  it 's hard to deny that there is a lot of resistance to eu influence from eastern europe , just as much as the `` old '' eu is resilient to compromise . 
  interesting , but this statement  this is not to say that the west never uses double speak itself . 
  it does , but of a different kind . 
  in the west , double speak may be used to cut some corners and solve some thorny real-life problems , but it has never become a norm nor led to a sustained double reality . 
  rules can be breached , but they still remain rules , even in the eyes of those who breach them . 
  in the soviet system , it was vice versa : rules were known to be fictional even in the eyes of those who followed them . 
  is hypocritical in and of itself . 
   15 % reports there are disturbances . 
  most of those are made by them \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af cue answers with episodical events proving a trend . 
  heh , italy 's worse but does n't get as much of a bad reputation . 
  our government is not so secretly anti-sanctions . 
  they get things wrong with a moderate frequency tho . 
  / r/badhistory is the sub that collects and corrects most of their bigger errors . 
  * another one bites the dust *, 
  our funeral car park is dominated by stretched sedans from mercedes and a few chryslers . 
  well , iceland is in the middle of nowhere . 
  she did good , but not nearly enough to grant her the nobel prize and the fame . 
  when she started yes , but once she got enough recognition and donations increased her guests received less then 10 % of them . 
  she had the means , but wasted them . 
  `` give them comfort as they die '' , she did n't run hospices , but shelters , poorly managed ones . 
  almost like a. . . sealand . 
  germany is still the strongest economy in the eu and it 's not going to change in the foreseeable future . 
  true , they are receiving a lot of migrants , but economic outlook and day to day life has n't changed significantly . 
  sheltering poor people and curing them with nothing but prayers , truly the most catholic way of life . 
  and let 's not forget that becoming a saint requires that at least a miracle must have happened in one 's life ... 
  wow , he 's polish stalin . 
  edit : worded poorly , i meant to compare him to a dictator , not a communist . 
  what does it do ? 
  no , stopping cooperation with the west and allowing even more boats to pass . 
  europe has to , and is actually doing , take the diplomatic route . 
  goes well with a swedish fika . 
  to be fair russia is n't the only one treating its presidents like a cult . 
  trust me , a lot are n't . 
  but we ca n't just throw them into the sea . 
  any uninhabited island big enough to hold a settlement is also a natural reserve . 
  space is not a commodity in the boot . 
  lol yeah , tell that to libya . 
  they menaced multiple times to end all discussions with europe if they saw non libyan vessels in their waters . 
  i ca n't pinpoint the law in the uk code . 
  but i thought there were strict limitations on who can see security footage . 
   lets you share `` subjects of interest '' with other facewatch users even if they have n't been convicted . 
  ie the entire world . 
  one does not require a special permit to become a user . 
  security guards and similar profession need some scrutiny , and even them ca n't see * other premises * footage . 
  exactly , there 's plenty of old mines that can be made viable for nuclear waste storage . 
  and technology can work in making them more and more efficient and safer . 
  there is an immense potential energy ready to be exploited but irrational fears block it , it 's enraging . 
  this should n't stop renewable energy development , just assisting it while it gets enough pace . 
  that 's citizen arrest , most countries in the world have it . 
  can the citizen be held responsible for injuries , even the minor ones , inflicted to the criminal and how does it cost to prove yourself innocent ? 
  the focus of the argument was that most countries make you pay more in fines and fees if you try to stop a burglar then to just letting him go with your stolen possessions . 
  the only effective defense for this is getting a burglary insurance that covers every medium price possession , which honestly is just absurd . 
  * ... has taken my sight , taken my speech , taken my hearing , taken my arms , taken my legs ... *, 
   but ... 
  nuclear !, 
  * * is what led to italy 's referendum on closing our nuclear power stations :(, 
  i 'm baffled by the fact that this does n't violate privacy laws . 
  bad italy , bad !, 
  never mind what happens in the uk . 
  related : france is not alone here , if a thief is not directly threatening your life you essentially have to let him rob you . 
  you have to just call the police and wait , legitimate defense is close to impossible to prove , and even if you manage to do so you 'll owe thousands to a lawyer and will have wasted multiple hours going to court . 
  why ? 
  because it 's quite common for a burglar to sue the victim that injured him . 
  the sad part is that the majority of the population shares the idea that people have to wait for the police to arrive and stop the burglar ( like he 's gon na wait ... ) so things are hardly going to change . 
  they are n't guarding the business ' interests , they are guarding a vital infrastructure . 
  when choosing to deploy a limited amount of troops it 's only logical that they are used to guard something related to italy . 
   images and videos of the incident showed dozens of youths tearing down fences , throwing beer bottles and fireworks at police , and chanting slogans against the proposed centre for asylum-seekers . 
  acting like an ape , way to prove your point of view . 
  idk lol, 
  while also guarding the dam , yes . 
  i have written my previous comment poorly . 
  subtitle :  troops will provide security for contractors from an italian firm who have been given the job of repairing the massive mosul dam after it was seized last year by isil italians troops are protecting an italian business . 
  and now i 'm hungry . 
  they did n't do a background check though . 
  big difference . 
  you know the eu is doing things right if those tech giants act so scared .
