  surprise anschluss, 
  that title looks drunk, 
  uh uh , i can name two : joint marriage and gay legalization . 
  better late then never ... 
  slovakia looks like an alternate history version of italy . 
  another case of someone not understanding what encryption * is * . 
  my ears !, 
  they 're bleeding !, 
  i did n't think when i wrote it , it 's possible ofc . 
   france - 10 % + unemployment pfft , come back when your youth unemployment is  40 % , mr. 23 %, 
  nice . 
  why do they even need an \u0151 ... 
  there 's \u00f3 , \u00f4 , \u00f6 , \u00f2 , \u00f8 , \u014d , \u00f5 already . 
  that 's ... sad ? 
  you ca n't have both a blowjob and an handjob at the same time . 
  quite active , seeing its binary strength, 
  that big red cross is really handy . 
  ps : much 2 aircraft carriers . 
  [ 95 auxiliary boats ] ( https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flotta_della_marina_militare#navi_ausiliarie ) not pictured . 
  sorry , will post clean link . 
  [ 95 auxiliary boats ] ( https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flotta_della_marina_militare#navi_ausiliarie ) not pictured . 
   campaigners also slammed the company for not allowing users to permanently delete accounts that 's explicitly illegal at an eu level afaik . 
  english source summarising the italian link : http://www.thelocal.it/20160303/dripping-rat-blood-closes-roman-forum-ticket-office, 
  government with weak majority , some weak rhetoric about bailed out countries having caused mistrust in the government and thus menacing eu stability . 
  and be even more irrelevant on an international level ? 
  no , thanks . 
  the pound will be weaker , so i 'd argue that wages would remain the same * in the best scenario * . 
   private initiative and free market competition and starting from scratch , like all ex-soviet satellite states . 
  it 's easier to build good infrastructure from the ground up that continuously patching it . 
  you know , a stable libya also makes that isis thing easier to manage . 
   < redacted  if that 's not a strawman ... but we 're not doing personal attacks here , 
   acceptably intelligent people aka buzzfeed artifacts . 
  endemic high level corruption risible infrastructure and research spending political reforms made to favor certain powers or just vote grabbing initiatives . 
  state spending made by increasing debt and not fueling economy growth . 
  high taxes and difficult access to credit . 
  rigid employment system and no minimum wage law low disposable income for young people, 
   french for italy ? 
  nope , english taught since primary school . 
  but italy 's close minded and natural exposure is really limited . 
  italy , 1944 - balvano train disaster . 
  500 deaths   the train of silent death   on march 3 1944 , at the peak of world war ii , a station master in the italian mountain town of balvano grows increasingly concerned . 
  it is 2:40 am , and train number 8017 is running two hours late and can not be contacted . 
  but the night is black , cold and wet , and he decides to wait until daylight before attempting to search for the train . 
    the silence of the night is interrupted by the arrival at balvano station of the brakeman from the missing train , giuseppe de venuto . 
  he had crawled along the tracks from the train , arriving at the station only able to gasp `` sono tutti morti '' before collapsing . 
    * sono tutti morti * - they 're all dead . 
    civilian and military authorities were dispatched up the mountain to the site of the train , stalled in a tunnel . 
  inside , they found a scene of horror . 
  426 people sat peacefully in their seats . 
  they looked like they were sleeping , but they were all dead . 
  so what had happened ? 
  there was no signs of a collision , no evidence of derailment , nothing to indicate what had killed hundreds of people , most black marketeers riding illegally under the chaos and restrictions of a nation at war . 
    those restrictions had led to the tragedy . 
  the italian war time government , unable to afford good quality coal to fuel the trains , relied on low-cost substitutes which emitted large amounts of carbon dioxide . 
  on the night of march 3 , the overloaded train had struggled to gain traction heading up the mountains on the icy tracks , and had stalled in a tunnel . 
  in an attempt to restart the train , the fireman stoked the fire with large quantities of this low quality coal , filling the tunnel with carbon monoxide . 
  carbon monoxide is an odourless , colourless , tasteless gas . 
  it binds with haemoglobin in the blood , so rather than victims feeling like they are suffocating , most simply lose conciousness ; the passengers of 8017 never knew what was happening . 
    the victims of the balvano disaster were buried in a mass grave and their relatives paid small stipends as compensation from the italian war time government , who attributed the disaster to `` an act of god '' rather than negligence . 
  `` the southern economies '' , seems to me a little too generic , you ca n't put greece and spain or italy under the same umbrella . 
  op wanted an absolute score , and most rankings put ee lower then we . 
  write off asia , then . 
  new zealand is the closest you can get to `` america free '' . 
  for anything more you 've got to make your own country . 
  anywhere but the balkan countries really . 
  if you want hard numbers look at freedom house 's ranking : https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-world-2016/table-scores the higher the aggregate score the freer the country . 
  you can say any crap you want in your everyday life , just do n't broadcast it live on 8pm news . 
  police and judges have better things to do . 
  but you could n't hold from fishing the karma :p, 
  happy ... colorful shoestrings :d, 
  because we import an insignificant amount from them . 
  yeah, 
  being hipster is about elitism . 
  since kfcs and starbucks are big things but rare here , the people ... adoring them are hipsters , after all . 
  crimea is pretty much like kosovo , like it or not its status is not going to change any time soon . 
  there 's really nothing new there , making it official would only increase the gravity of some of the points . 
  nah , we 're not east asian . 
  money throws down every barrier here . 
  short answer : no . 
  long : if you are n't black nor have african traits you wo n't be treated differently by anyone . 
  even then , if you are black but have a clean look you should n't have many problems . 
  to `` fit in '' with most italians you need to know italian enough to have a normal everyday discussion . 
  you will get looked down upon if you act like the typical ibiza partying person in everyday life , and getting irish hammered is not really a thing here . 
  mmmh , get ready to fight for your order in most crowded bars and service stations . 
  apart from that ... a lot of people strive to go to the uk so you should play the card of your nationality when the opportunity comes . 
  * pork with rice and vegetables * , 2 people : 1 zucchini , 5 white mushrooms , 3/4 onion , 4 garlic cloves , 1 tbsp of tomato concentrate , 2 tbsp soy sauce , 6 splashes of tobasco sauce , soy sprouts same volume of sliced mushrooms , 2 pinch of sugar , 3 tbsp grape vinegar , sunflower seed oil , 100g of rice , 200g of pork stripes . 
  slice mushrooms , dice zucchini , dice onion and garlic together . 
  stir vinegar , tomato concentrate , tobasco and sugar together until homogeneous . 
  butter a ~ 24cm pan , heat . 
  pour oil until a thin film covers the pan , let the oil heat . 
  put onion and garlic and let them brown . 
  throw everything else but the soy sauce and rice . 
  cover for 5 minutes , open , add 1.5 glasses of water and the rice . 
  cover and wait until most of the water gets absorbed . 
  add soy sauce , stir until desired density . 
  serve . 
  sounds long but was pretty easy and took ~ 30 mins preparation included . 
  italians are n't blue haired arians , they are essentially muslim for r/europe . 
  i dare you to say `` aglio geroglifico '' fast without getting it wrong :p, 
  you like coffee frapp\u00e9 .
