  what i like best about the us is your stance on free speech and most of all a politician 's public accountability . 
  yes , you government does a lot of covert nasty stuff , but it 's still a lot more open than italy 's . 
  this is an international subreddit , you could at least post an english summary . 
  or not , since this is x-posted in 3 other subreddits . 
  i 'll try to be really simple . 
  there are two kinds of migrants : - economic migrants , the biggest group . 
  they look for better jobs here in europe , most of them are refused but europe does n't deport them . 
  because of that they keep work illegally in europe but with better pay then their country . 
  - people that run away from war or dictatorship ( examples - war : syria , dictatorship : eritrea ) , these ones can stay but have to wait months to be approved . 
  a lot of people come in europe because jobs pay better , not so many go to russia because a lot of russian are poor . 
  now i have to think about what i write ? 
  what 's next , respecting traffic laws ? 
  that 's for a designed office to decide . 
  everyone has a right to basic human hospitality until it 's decided if one can stay here or not . 
   if they 're from africa then they are most likely not refugees eritrea is in africa and is second only to syria for number of people that get refugee status . 
  the japanese are just now changing their policy on their ability to attack other countries military ... uh oh . 
  so , a lot of finns are wooden fikas . 
  ~ ~ jokes aside , this is what happens when a nation 's economy is n't diversified . 
  a market shrinks and an entire nation goes into recession . ~ ~, 
  it 's ... interesting to see that the same countries that want to be in the eurozone do n't want to cope with its minor downsides . 
  a lot of people are hypocrites . 
  italy never started anything after ww2 and in libya ~ ~ we just sent surveillance planes which never attacked any target . ~ ~, 
  they showed the inside of their tents : it 's their responsibility to keep them tidy . 
  too cramped ? 
  homeless centers are worse . 
  i 'm on the side of helping those people , but in that specific situation they are just being spoiled brats . 
  maybe i 'm desensitized but that 's not really shocking , it 's just a dead body not yet decomposed . 
  if you want to be shocked just think that war does much worse than this , and on a massively bigger scale . 
   by the way , hey italy , please make sure illegal immigrants can not come to germany !, 
  fyi that 's just an empty request , it made our police check id more frequently in a single location , which will not last for long . 
  if anything is done at all it 's because that precise area is filo-german . 
  italy 's debt/gdp has always been  100 % in the last 25 years , the last crisis made it worse but it did n't quintuple , now we 're on 130 % . 
  from the moment austerity measures went into place ( 2011 ) the rise is continuing but is slowing every year . 
  i ca n't say that what we 're doing now is the best solution , but being hard on expenses at least put our gdp under control . 
  oddly enough i agree with most of what he said , the only part i do n't is his critic on austerity being a failure . 
  what the north thinks about the south is n't so far off from reality :|, 
  norway !, 
  ... i 'll join that suicide row . 
  `` italy to increase id checks after germany request '' could work as well , but telegraph got to get as much traffic as they can . 
  the title might be misleading . 
   this is n't about suspending schengen at brennero , just more intense controls . 
  [ source ( in italian ) . 
  much immigration wow, 
  first , that 10 % statistic is clearly without source . 
  second : that 's an incredibly inefficient way to export terrorists , you do n't know where he/she will end up be . 
  lastly : virtually every terror attack in the eu was made by people with regular papers . 
  i knew a woman called giorgia , does it count ? 
  then let 's adjust it by purchasing power parity and gini index , the latter mainly to show how much poor/rich contrast there is : uk ppp : 39.510 , gini 36,2 malaysia ppp : 25.833 gini 46,2 this makes the typical poor uk citizen quite better off then a malay one . 
  this without even including the superior uk welfare . 
  well , let 's just say that the uk is a tad lil ' bit richer then malaysia . 
  give me a tank and i 'll be you anti-air !, 
  well , here too . 
  i think all deportation orders can be taken to court by the deportee . 
  that 's really a question for a psychologist , which i am not . 
  rehabilitation , you 're a functioning member of the society , they 're not . 
  seeing as what system norway has i 'd bet recidivism rate is really low . 
  if we send them enough they have to give us a killer deal . 
  i trust you ned . 
  can you take some of ours too ? 
  ours are a tad bit overflowing . 
  pretty please , 
  this is the norm in italy . 
   as far as i know , of the above mentioned countries only italians tend to tip , about 10 % . 
  tipping is not really customary here : it 's reserved for exceptionally good meals , service is payed with the `` coperto '' part of a bill that is included in the bill , if you eat in the location . 
  of course no one will refuse a tip , but since it 's not really customary there 's not a standard rate . 
  one must really be desperate to escape into montenegro . 
  switzerland : no war no new territory :p, 
  great tool !, 
  tried it now on chrome and it works flawlessly . 
  looks clean enough to be adapted for other subs with little hassle . 
  some feedback : - the `` filter action '' field can be removed/hidden , it has only one option ( maybe change its height to 1px ? ), 
  - ~ ~ it would be nice if `` filter color '' had a drop down menu/popup with a list of colors or even better a clickable palette , or at least an explanation/example on how to insert a color ( #blue , #ffffff ) ~ ~ op delivered, 
  what 's the point of using bitcoin if you 're going to give the service information that can be backtracked to you ? 
  they were pretty naive . 
  sardinia : 2x1 offer on consonants aosta valley : fake frenchs, 
  mar\u00f2 flappy bird best bird . 
  i do n't completely agree about what he said but people who got their request refused have 0 rights to stay on eu soil , they should * at least * be strictly controlled . 
  afaik not here . 
   the video itself is nothing but the justice minister bragging about what he has achieved throughout his term for now he 's on par with our pm : he made a [ 17 min video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yem1xnx4uvs ) of himself answering critiques about a school reform in the most condescendent way possible , using a chalkboard and explaining his `` points '' . 
  eh , it 's pretty even : we lost fiume at the same time . 
  row row row your boat away from slovenia 's shore i just want to be out of here away from this balkan bore, 
  well , just to be paranoid : a truck could ram in the road-railway intersection at the last seconds , there 's no chance of avoiding that . 
  those damn extra-eu swiss , ca n't trust them :p, 
   he 's been sanctioned once for not doing enough to look [ ... ] add insult to injury , wow . 
  ghana also takes a major part of the world 's e-waste material with no processing whatsoever . 
  i used a lot of trains in my life here in italy , and every single time i had my ticket checked . 
  yours is most likely a fortuit experience . 
  and its legal office is in italy too . 
  make dem taxes money rain . 
  what a cheerful bot , 
  oh come on ... really :(, 
  tipping is mostly used in restaurants to compliment for an exceptionally good experience , but it 's not the norm : servers in bars and restaurants are payed with the `` coperto '' part included in the bill . 
  most places will not refuse if you round up the payments a few euros ( eg : giving 40 $ for a 38,76 $ bill ) but that 's the extent of it . 
  if memory does n't fail me a few kinds of tipping are illegal : porters and some other jobs are forbidden by law to ask for a tip , but of course they wo n't refuse . 
  is that really different from current day russia ? 
  then what about any long distance running race ? 
  they do : propriety taxes where they live , vat on goods and services they use . 
  mare nostrum had huge economic needs , we played the nice card to receive more funds , and it worked : triton came to be . 
  the sinking of those 700 would n't have caused an operation of triton 's scale alone . 
  we have a 10 year residence rule + being employed at permanent permit and citizenship request to become a citizien , most of the eu wants less years and conditions .
