  our duty is to reply with even greater force , by affirming our values , the values of freedom of which we are proud , and which are stronger than hatred or terror . '', 
   the attackers , moving at the start of the eid holiday , took foreigners hostage at a restaurant , killing 20 before troops moved in saturday . 
  many of the victims were hacked to death . 
   the bangladesh military said most of the fatalities were either italian or japanese . 
  thirteen hostages were rescued . 
   pope francis sent a message of condolence to bangladesh , condemning `` barbarous acts '' that were `` offences against god and humanity , '' the vatican said . 
  * germany i hate yuo . 
  *  we threw bananas at them , not footballs . 
  * spaghetti western star bud spencer dies *  italian actor and filmmaker bud spencer , who starred in a number of spaghetti westerns , has died aged 86 . 
  he passed away peacefully on monday in rome `` and did not suffer from pain '' , his son said . 
   spencer , whose real name was carlo pedersoli , was known among his fans as the `` big friendly giant '' of the screen because of his height and weight . 
  the actor , who was also a professional swimmer , appeared in more than 20 films from the 1950s to the 1980s . 
  he frequently appeared as part of a double act alongside terence hill - whose real name was mario girotti . 
   spencer 's movies included double trouble , go for it , ace high , they call me trinity and a friend is a treasure . 
  `` with our deepest regrets , we have to tell you that bud is flying to his next journey , '' spencer 's family said on his twitter account . 
  the actor 's son , giuseppe pedersoli , added : `` he had all of us next to him and his last words were ` thank you ' . '', 
  paying tribute to the actor , italian prime minister matteo renzi tweeted : `` ciao #budspencer we loved you so much . '', 
   hollywood star russell crowe said : `` rip bud spencer . 
  my heart goes out to your family . '', 
   the actor was a known fan of spencer 's work - at the cannes film festival earlier this year he thanked a journalist for comparing his double act with ryan  gosling in the nice guys to spencer and terence hill . 
   crowe said : `` dude , now you 're talking . 
  that 's a really flattering compliment , thank you very much . '', 
   spencer was born in the southern italian city of naples in 1929 , but later moved to rome , where he became a promising swimmer . 
   in 1950 , he became the first italian to swim 100m in under one minute . 
   he later abandoned his sporting career and began acting in westerns and comedy films - appearing alongside hill in 16 films . 
   the actor said he chose his name as a tribute to his favourite beer budweiser and us actor spencer tracy . 
  slight difference . 
  a child/grandchild can claim italian citizenship , but you 're not automatically italian . 
  italy has no way of knowing automatically if an italian abroad had a child . 
  yeah , crack that cocaine . 
  what does `` greatest country on earth '' even mean ? 
  deutsch ist verboten , pumpernickel . 
  just forget about italy until 2023 , the next elections will almost surely see populists win . 
  no long term changes are likely to happen until then . 
  it went so well that they 're making a sequel of it :d, 
  [ italian sign language . 
  i 'm sure communist display are fine and dandy then ... 
  this is the 21st century , it 's all about accuracy . 
  get your popcorn here : 1 medium bucket for 5 $ / 17 #, 
  that does n't mean that this nation 's outlook is anything but mediocre . 
  we 're in deflation every other month , and in october a government-sponsored referendum is likely to fail . 
  just today the chamber of commerce said that if the referendum is lost italy will go into outright recession yet again . 
  a failed referendum will boost our populist party , which as of now is already getting closer and closer to the government one , leading to a majority for the 2018 elections ( if the government does n't fall before via a no confidence motion ) . 
  if anything long term related is going to change for the better it will be in the later 2020s . 
  italy never had a bailout , not even during the crisis ... 
  it 's a weak economy , but not as much as greece 's . 
  windows has an included snipping tool , way faster . 
  oh absolutely , a referendum should ideally be called only on moral matters . 
  something with the level of complexity of an international treaty , and anything economical , should pass through a parliament with its competent commissions . 
  the average voter is ( and will always be ) quite ignorant on those situations . 
  dailymail links are blocked , but if you search `` europe starts to crack on migrants : french say britain could have trade deal '' on google it 's the first result that pops up . 
  even they put could on uppercase . 
  referendums are a double edge sword when the results are split virtually even . 
  m5s , with help from the northern league , has been trying for a while to pass a * consultive * referendum on the euro . 
  nothing legally binding , just like the brexit one , but which de facto forces the government to act . 
  they could `` easily '' peg the currency to the euro to get around that . 
  haha , m5s populists here in italy are talking more and more seriously about a referendum for an $ xit out of the common currency and back to the ever so strong italian lira . 
  it 's almost certain that the 5 star movement will win the next elections . 
  2018-2023 is going to be a shitshow . 
  what move should eu use ? 
  ultralol megarotfl iperlmfao \u25b6 splash, 
  to be fair even a welsh `` busy '' with a sheep could jump over adrian 's wall . 
  how in hell is the sun an approved source ? 
  come on ... 
  i thought this sub was better than worldnews . 
  look up on european geography and tell me where controlling french continental beaches is in any way border control ... 
  newsflash : french beaches are n't on europe 's border . 
  the aftermath of 1989 was also grim , i liked walls . 
  uhm ... berlusconi basically failed to enact any kind of effective financial countermeasure during the good part of 2 years . 
  at the point he had 0 credibility . 
  at worse you could blame the markets for not seeing the financial genius he was . 
  miraculously the next pm has been one of italy 's main economists and , while hated by the population , managed to give some health to italy 's economy . 
  the same happened in greece with papandreou . 
  the eu had no involvement in the democratic process . 
  hell , the ecb , by having strict rules and massive injection of funds into greece it managed to avoid a default . 
   we saw leaders forced to step down ? 
  nope , we actually got secession desires under control ... unlike our anglo-hispanic friends . 
  i 'll leave that up to document my laziness in research . 
  i speculated that the sum of the seats , by listing the main parties , was near the total amount of seats . 
  coincidentally 37 seats make up 38 % more or less . 
  `` fun '' fact from late 2015 :  vaccine coverage under the safe level of 95 % for polio , tetanus , diphtheria and hepatitis b. 
  measles , parotitis and rubella reaching a coverage of 86 % , 4 point less than 2014 source is the [ institute of higher health ] ( http://www.iss.it/pres/?lang=1&amp;id=1568&amp;tipo=6 ) ( italy 's research branch of nhs ) . 
  eli5 : you need a minimum % to immunize a population against those diseases , italy is not reaching it . 
  pvv , geert wilder 's party , is the main single party in netherlands according to polls . 
  pvv is at ~ 38 % , the second biggest party is at 23 % . 
  http://www.nltimes.nl/2016/05/16/dutch-voters-want-pvv-next-cabinet-not-pm-seat/ probably dutch people could have a more informed opinion . 
  eh , i 'd take mop water in place of pasta cooked by an english . 
  same for italy . 
  [ gone attenborough ], 
  somewhat related : italy has 10 active volcanos with 2 continuously emitting lava and 1 ( vesuvius ) that has explosive eruptions every 10 to 50 years . 
  this current period is the most quiet in vesuvius ' history , so in a way each passing day we 're closer to see half of naples annihilated by the volcano . 
  sure as hell as volcanic monitoring is needed . 
  edit : i can english good . 
  can we put a counter in the sidebar until the deadline is met ? 
  hehe . 
   i 'm slightly bothered by how foreigners judge us based on the false information the `` west '' ( europe proper + anglosphere ) has a distorted view of anything outside of it . 
  turkey , russia , brazil , japan , you name it . 
  the higher the historic-cultural difference the higher the oversimplifications . 
  [ italian constitution , part ii , title i , section ii , article 75 , comma 2 ] ( https://www.senato.it/1025?sezione=127&amp;articolo_numero_articolo=75 )  a referendum is not applicable for tributary and balance laws , amnesty and pardon , on authorizing or ratifying international treaties . 
  i 'd be surprised if some form of this is not present , at least a less encompassing version , in most law codes if not constitutions .
