  just use - [ archive.is mirror ] ( https://archive.is/p9crf ) - or [ page screenshot ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gdizlao.png ), 
  by looking around it seems that training duration for an a340 is ~ 30-60 days . 
  the plane wo n't stay on the ground for long . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/mzyclgudwtw?t=34s ), 
  that 's a minority of cases , but our media like to swim in scandal . 
  shine my dear moon , shine . 
  hmm ... finnish ( korpiklaani ) , swedish ( sabaton ) , ~ ~ icelandic ~ ~ faroese ( t\u00fdr ) and occasionally gaulish ( eluveitie ) and german ( general pop and electronic ) . 
  their government and people do n't have to follow/compromise with other entities . 
  they also have close to a pure democracy as possible with all the referendums . 
  if that orange thing is mozzarella i 'm the king of switzerland . 
   adana a turkish kebap place in front of where i live does adana style kebap that 's out of this world . 
  ok , fill the vatican with them and put a dome over it . 
  cheap healthy food . 
  it 's simpler here . 
  vote , yell . 
   hundreds there 's why . 
  a few hundreds people doing anything in london , one of the most vibrant cities in the world , is not newsworthy . 
  allow registration only in the country of residence , problem solved . 
  but at least a shitty server get 15 $ / h. . . 
  so , if we manage to get france 's unenployment above 25,19 % fn will go into buffer overflow . 
  being poor ? 
   have to make sure that they can resist cyber attacks , and report digital security breaches to national authorities . 
  bwahaha , now they are outsourcing 0-day exploits to the companies themselves . 
  paging / u/hjongoldrake to give you a majestic flair . 
  yay , now you can effectively fight against ehm , uhm ... never mind . 
  yes , let [ suicide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate#list_by_other_sources_.281985.e2.80.932015.29 ) get to you before the illness !, 
  here you technically need a prescription , but a lot of pharmacists do n't ask to see it if it 's not a particularly strong one . 
  4 woman injured , [ rt ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/325027-moscow-blast-stop-russia/ ) let 's just hope this was a simple lunatic . 
  i live in piedmont , the red region on italy 's northwest . 
  i think our pessimism is caused by the number of bankruptcy that have occurred , but the outlook for piedmont in 2015 is +2 -3 % 2014 was a bad year , and people tend to stay pessimist for a while . 
  [ he 's so happy !, 
  the link to this same news was deleted 1 week ago , reason offtopic , let 's see if it can survive this time . 
  sinking nato would mean a +0.01 % to us gdp . 
  currently the us spends 5.2 % of its gdp in education , adding 0.01 % wo n't change a lot . 
  us nato expenses are 0.02 % of the education ones . 
  i see 0.01 % as more useful to boost ties with europe and marginalizing russia . 
  populist parties are the new left . 
  historically the left has being a supporter of `` the people '' , and now everyone can communicate their ideas populist parties are taking that spot . 
  the us , but again , the best case scenario is less influence in europe so less profits for the us . 
  i ca n't see how this can benefit anyone in the western world . 
  because current russia acts as an imperialistic nation , and you do n't want the 4th military in the world and 5th regional economy against you , so you put on a smile and make pacts with it . 
  as long as russia has a strong military the us has to counterbalance it , or risk losing influence in the eu . 
  leaving nato altogether would mean less influence and having looser economic ties with europe , i ca n't see how this can be advantageous for the us or europe . 
  disengaging and leaving only a fraction of us actual power is a valid option , packing everything and going home not . 
  europe has more then 8 times russia 's gdp . 
  i do n't see how preferring russia could be advantageous for the us . 
  i 'm not talking about backstabbing , but just what would be the logical consequence of a less influential us . 
  eastern eu would be pretty much obliged to oblige to russian wills , those little countries are no match to russia , and the richer western countries will see russia as more influential and appetizing countries , shifting some investments there instead of the us . 
  having a foot in europe allows to easily project troops and influence in the middle east and eastern eu . 
  without a counterbalance russia will expand more aggressively and become a more appetizing partner . 
  with the us out of the picture europe could strengthen ties with africa/me/russia and the us could push more on south america and asia . 
  it would be a massive shift of balance , and i do n't dare to speculate who will benefit more out of this . 
  only thing i can see happening is that every party involved will have unpredictable economies for a while thus advantaging the less involved party : asia ie china . 
  this is how i see it , if anyone more versed then me wants to chip in he/she 's welcome to . 
  everyone is going to survive this hypothetical scenario , but it will slow both us and eu economy . 
  the only real winners would be china and russia . 
  if the us out of the picture it 's just more convenient to side with russia , no one needs an easily avoidable enemy . 
  but like you say , if the us sides with europe it would be convenient for both the us and the eu . 
  / u/1143z already answered your first doubt . 
  about the payment : mandate an insurance for non-eu citizens at check-out , or at least a cash deposit that will be refunded upon leaving the country . 
  i think that the court will overthrow that reform if the constitution is so precisely worded . 
  stating that ilves ' position is an anomaly that reinforces the anti-migration argument is a poor choice . 
  a lot of integrated migrants tend to be anti-migration , it 's nothing out of the norm . 
  if the us leaves nato most of eastern europe will get under russian influence , and western eu will work to have closer ties with russia . 
  it would be a strategic suicide . 
  we should also ban sticks and sand . 
  i do n't understand how this measure could be controversial . 
  thank you nonetheless . 
  apparently they want to keeps these information reserved , which is understandable . 
  does anyone know how much power that 3d printer needs ? 
  it would be interesting to know some of its specifications . 
  i 'm cold just by looking at your flag . 
  go out on the street to protest !, 
  oh wait , they ca n't . 
  if this actually passes differences wo n't be massive . 
  those 800 $ will replace most if not all aids coming from the finnish state , and take in account that life in finland is anything but cheap . 
  suicide bombers have a pack mentality , where the unit is sacrificable for the benefit of the group . 
  it 's similar to a parent that chooses to die to save his child . 
  the person mentioned in the newspiece was a suicidal mentally ill person . 
  [ thank you . 
  i bet 1 kilo of coffee ^ ^ ^ ^ not you 're drinking coffee right now . 
  nevermind , it was interesting nonetheless :0 ), 
  i skimmed the article and read wrong , never mind . 
  is there any chance to have a map with political borders ? 
  add every border between any countries he crossed , i 'm pretty sure that 3000 km is n't too far off . 
  ~ ~ and a fake one it seems . ~ ~, 
  there should be a towel to dry yourself , one for each person that uses the bathroom . 
  ok , sorry for my half-assed remark . 
  what an unexpected prolix and defensive response . 
  i could n't care less about how you clean your butt . 
  i agree on the tradition aspect , but there are toilets with an integrated tap if you lack in funds and/or space . 
  pass again once you see clean paper and smell it . 
  do you still think you 're clean ? 
  yes , the water comes out of a classic sink tap with an orientable end . 
  you use a bidet after wiping with toilet paper : it 's not a substitute , it 's an addition . 
  you use a bidet * after * wiping with toilet paper . 
  - wipe with toilet paper - sit on the bidet and scrub gently , cup your hand like you are using with toilet paper . 
  use either plain water or ph neutral soap . 
  it 's like painting a wall : you can use only one coat , but it will leave a lot of paint beads . 
  but in this case you are leaving poop on your underwear and a nice poopy smell will follow you .
