  after that point yes , we are talking about a child . 
  and it 's exactly because of the asymmetrical balance of child bearing between sexes , hell even between mother x to mother y , that a mother should be the one to choose what to do of her body , at least on the embryo stage of development . 
  what if she 's not psychologically ready for the responsibility , or if she simply can not afford to take care of herself and another person without living a miserable life ? 
  why put the life of a conglomerate of cells above one of a sentient being , only because the condom broke or she had sex for pleasure and not for reproduction ? 
  they are both part of a person private sphere . 
  i 'd argue that a fetus , especially in the initial stages of development , is not yet a human being but still part of its host organism , the mother . 
  it 's exactly because of them being on two different levels . 
  gay marriage is arguably more progressive then abortion . 
  it 's like they `` skipped '' a step . 
  why ? 
  objectively gay marriage is highly controversial with no clear ` right ' answer . 
  if you believe it to be murder of a human morals or not is completely down to an individual . 
  abortion has no effect on anyone , is objectively fair etc. 
  completely different story . 
  what baffles me the most is that ireland has gay marriage but not abortion ... 
  on the main subreddits it does still work afaik . 
  country by country breakdown [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nvrzxmg.png ) ( 2010-2014 ) [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/pdf/observatory/trends_figures.pdf ) ( 2001-2014 table and 2010-2014 graph ) . 
  de facto until hollande has the majority , he just needs a vote to extend it . 
  he 's being the political equivalent of a heroin junkie , lol, 
  the monarchy still standed tho . 
   subject to a gagging order for eight months and unable to access the internet , as this was a mandatory coercive measure . 
  this is terrifying . 
  isis panders to muslim people ... roma people are not . 
  poor and marginalized people with different cultural background will prove resentment against the average and richer . 
  a key aspect of any terrorist is resentment , so no , my idea is not `` retardedly '' offensive . 
  most banlieues are not just poor ghettos , but poor areas of ethnic and religious segregation . 
  anybody can see that the situation is a ticking time bomb . 
  one word : banlieue . 
  lebanon , gulf war , bosnia , somalia , kosovo , afghanistan , iraq , libya . 
  this in active combat roles . 
  hardly a pacifist country . 
  i like this funny german , is it for sale ? 
  strategy implies that the tactic , bombing , is used to achieve a purposeful goal . 
  you ca n't win a war with aviation alone , and unless the bombings are also followed by an increased push from the ground daesh can rebuild virtually forever . 
  as of now the french air force is just doing real life training . 
  as much as i hate to say this the russians are the only ones really doing anything purposeful : they are openly , and in an ordered fashion , supporting assad 's forces . 
  this goes against the interest of the west which is fueling the rebels . 
  syria is the afghanistan of the 2010s , and that situation is still unresolved . 
  it 's not by repeating the same chain of events that a solution will be reached . 
  fyi : you 'll have to pay around 15 $ to have a new one issued before its expire date . 
  source : me a year ago . 
  it 's mandatory for any new * carta d'identit\u00e0 * issued from 2013 onwards . 
  you 'll have to give fingerprints when you renew it ( 2019 if you do n't lose it ), 
  for once i agree with our government 's line : that if anything is to be done in syria it should be more then just bombings out of spite with no real strategic plan in mind . 
  getting ourselves involved in syria would have no advantages for italy . 
  and libya has higher priority from italy 's pov . 
  italy 's id ( * carta d'identit\u00e0 * ) has fingerprints since 2013 . 
  unsurprisingly the gap between the two sets of data roughly corresponds to the countries ' income equality , with the offset in `` starting point '' being broadband diffusion . 
  i got an avatar-ish vibe out of that . 
  not bad . 
  the analysis is pretty sound , but there 's one part i do n't agree with . 
   one major concern must be the easy availability of automatic weapons in europe ( although not , mercifully , in britain with its strict gun laws ) yeah , because a law block illegal weapon traders ... 
  the same would happen if a 5 or 10 years old office suite got upgraded . 
  you 're right , but unless the uk got screwed over they should still be able to save seeing that the software vendor does n't get a slice . 
  this means millions will be saved in licences . 
  kudos uk . 
  i meant it with a sarcastic tone , turkey has to basically stop being turkey to get in . 
  not safe for life , it 's used for content with death or extreme violence . 
  you could say this is a. . . trigger warning . 
  fyi : this is on the nsfl `` mild '' side * what is shown * : two people in panic swinging out of their 1st and 2nd floor balcony . 
  continuous flux of people escaping the building . 
  4-5 dead bodies in front of the building 's main entrance , one severely injured manis seen using his phone then presumably act dead after a gunshot is fired . 
  later in the video two gravely wounded people are dragged to safety inside nearby buildings . 
  one young man wounded at his left leg hops away from the scene . 
  video zooms into people dragging what seems a dead body to a corner on the street . 
  people swinging helped inside the builing . 
  multiple shotgun shots ( the typical * pom * ) can be heard in the first half of the video . 
  i 'm going to sleep now , i just hope to wake up with the number still below 200 . 
  just now cnn said 153 . 
  158 is from the italian rainews24 channel that summed the amounts of casualties of each location . 
  158 dead now ... 
  total victims are around 150 , but there are a lot of badly wounded people that objectively wo n't make it . 
  i just hope that they will stay at least below 200 . . fuck i realized the amount this means right now ... 
  the stadium has been evacuated 30 minutes or so ago, 
  the livestream on reddit said 7 just a few minutes ago, 
  hell , terrorists do n't even deserve that . 
  i blurted it out w/out really thinking . 
  they do n't deserve it, 
  yeah , after/during the news of the 30 some people that seemed to get out terrorists in the theatre seemed to have executed the remaining ones one by one . 
  i agree , if anything integration is what will make all of us safer . 
  italian muslim gather together but do not live in ghettos . 
  no unrest has been seen from them afaik . 
  i 've seen 2 tweets from ppl inside bataclan that confirmed this, 
  thanks , i 'm following 4 tv streams couple of twitters and reddit . 
  les halles attack has n't been confirmed by many sourrces . 
  * seems * from 30 to 50 people managed to get out alive, 
  les halles seems under terror assault . 
  unsure, 
  30 people got out of bataclan , probably due to sf assault . 
  stadium seems evaquated successfully . 
  italian news say there were 6 separate locations of attack, 
  50 people covered in blood seem to have got out of the teather, 
  100 hostages claimed on itallian news also . 
  fucking hell 26 . edit : projection from our news says 60-70 victims , still speculation . 
  60 seems the most common amount of reported victims italian news are saying there were 6 separate attack locations, 
  the lack of integration also pays a major factor . 
   even produce a kilowatt of energy , i wish i needed only 1 kw/day, 
  the costs of stopping traffic to update the control equipment of any major infrastructure would be massive . 
  italy 's railway vending machines run on os/2 ( released in 1987 ) until 2012, 
  so , should we arrest target people with a large forehead because phrenology says they are criminals ?
