  forgot to add by raw amount , czech is a big exporter but a little economy . 
  yes , i pulled those news from a couple of top rated news lists without really checking , i 'm removing that one as its imprecise . 
  you 're fighting a good battle , do n't give up !, 
  definitely yes , a lot of the major teams are from piedmont/lombardy . 
   the top 10 funniest jokes of the fringe . 
   `` what 's the difference between a ` hippo ' and a ` zippo ' ? 
  one is really heavy , the other is a little lighter '' - masai graham . 
   `` if i could take just one thing to a desert island i probably would n't go '' - dave green . 
  6.75 / 10 , lol, 
  the rule of law is unbiased and generally speaking we are open-minded , but a big part of our society likes to finds a single minority and goes berserk on it ( the members of this `` hatred group '' also change with time ) . 
  now it 's the period of anti-migrant discrimination . 
  plus there has always been an hatred towards romani people , which are identified using a one-size-fits-all with the most crime ridden gypsy camp . 
  fair point . 
  honestly : fuck those excessively nationalistic assholes . 
  ** italy ** - an international court will rule over what will happen to two italian marines involved in a fishermen killing dispute with india . 
  - an italian protester was arrested in israel while trying to document the arrest of a young boy - prop rifle explodes and kills two actors - vittorio brumotti , a bicycle professional and reporter from satirical news program striscia la notizia was beaten and now fears for his career future, 
  alright , i misread your intentions . 
  they are essentially withdrawing money from an over-shore account with infinite money and a monthly cap . 
  and banks do pay taxes . 
  i see no tax avoidance here . 
  with your logic no country should ever accept tourists , which a foreign retired is . 
  because them and/or their employers already did when paying them their wage , which is the source of pension money . 
  i was referring to the propaganda part of your statement , i see them as nice pictures of mechanical engeneering . 
  it 's equivalent : they are people with money that spends it in the country they are living in , thus steadily fueling the local economy . 
  this is essentially a strange way to visualize a country 's export/import amounts . 
  we have to have it , we are the 5th country by exports and imports in the eu . 
  we need to : - be friendly with russia for its gas , this conflicts with the current sanctions against them - be friendly with the middle east for oil . 
  - adhere to eu rules and push for our interests in it - entertain trade pacts with countries with clashing interests ( eg : china and the us ) the list goes on . 
  well , it 's mainly german weaponry but there are also soviet , american and british plus a couple of french and japanese ones . 
  waaait a second , n \u00b0 16 is a railway gun , not a tank , and n \u00b0 195 , 196 , 197 , 203 , 204 and 205 are just planes . 
  well , although is not one of the most popular it 's still played by ~ 76000 people and we are in the six nations championship . 
  usually in the days of that championship you see commercials with our nation 's players in it . 
  to give an idea of how many people play it : when i was in high school there was usually 1 guy in each other classroom that played rugby . 
  to be fair a retired person does have a steady income : a pension . 
   the team 's role would be to improve eu communications with russian-speaking communities -- not to produce brussels-funded propaganda . 
  propaganda is `` a form of communication aimed towards influencing the attitude of a population toward some cause or position . '', 
  the eu wants to influence east eu population thoughts , this is just a propaganda war . 
  the fact that most of eu people agree with eu side , as it 's expected , does n't change the situation . 
  just for the sake of completeness italy is really not that welcoming by western eu standars . 
  dance puppets dance , mwhaha . 
  we have the higher racist population/migrant ratio :d ... :(, 
   it 's handling by itself most of the migrant crisis germany and sweden would like to have a saying on this , the balcan route is bigger then most italians think . 
  this does n't remove the fact that we have a fuckton of migrants to handle . 
  why ? 
  there is always two people when unloading/loading them : the driver and the recipient of the content . 
  refrigerated trucks are air tight and locked from the outside , there is no way out . 
  as is the right of a sovereign nation to refuse any foreigner that is not under life threat . 
  saved to my pc because this is a diamond of an hilariously racist commercial . 
  inb4 : let them drown, 
  my bad , i was debating with an ahole before and came out too harsh . 
  i thought the / s was implied . 
  it 's a movie ... how many times aliens invaded our planets ? 
  it 's the cheapest way to be safe and foreign troops spend their wage in the city they 're stationed : not everything 's in the base shop/they want more variety . 
   norway accounts for about 11 percent of the european union 's oil and a third of its natural gas . 
  ~ ~ lol ~ ~, 
  ha , suckers !, 
  our taxi lobby was faster then the eu . 
  [ official denial on vatican website , published around 13:30 cet ] ( https://press.vatican.va/content/salastampa/it/bollettino/pubblico/2015/08/28/0630/01376.html ) translation :  in response to a letter from francesca pardi to the holy father , using polite and respectful tones , the secretary of state acknowledged the letter with a simple and pastoral mood , stating afterwards that it was a private reply and therefore not for publication ( which unfortunately took place ) . 
   in no way the secretary of state intends to endorse behaviors and teachings not canonical to the gospel , and actually calls for `` a more intense activity in the service of the young generations and the spread of authentic human and christian values '' . 
  the blessing of the pope in the enclosed letter is to the person and not to any teachings not coherent with the church 's teaching on gender theory , which is not in the least changed , as repeatedly reiterated the holy father recently . 
  so a manipulation of the content of the letter is completely out of place . 
  almost sure he 's militia , and in any case the position is alredy known . 
  funny enough illegal migrants are the most peaceful , so usually unless they block passageways they are tolerated . 
  loan us some cannons please . 
  ^ / s europe needs to act as one to force staability in north africa , refusing migrants will just make them come back . 
  berlusconi is a shadow of what he was just 5 years ago , and in any case he has been a conservative undery every aspect . 
  bossi is out of the political sphere now . 
  salvini quarrels vocally with everyone but is more then ready to compromise with anyone right wing if this means having more power . 
  if someone here goes against the church it 's pretty much only after having prepared a framework or seeing a popular switch of view and riding it . 
  eg : lega nord with anti-immigration , which has been one of their root values since their start , or what renzi is * trying * to do with civil unions . 
  in renzi 's case he is seeing a fertile soil for that , salvini 's campaigns have been operated even before he was in power . 
  again , petty coflicts with the church are avoided if it means less problems . 
  you do n't understand how italy 's politics works : conflicting with cei ( the bridge organization between italy 's politics and vatican ) is avoided when possible . 
  they may not have territorial claims but they still have a really significant part of the population under their influence . 
  think to the vatican in italy like th us military in the middle east : if something does n't go like the us wants in the middle east bombs are dropped . 
  in italy a politician loses support of the catholic wing , thus most likely losing elections if not directly their seat . 
   the move has been six years in a making , following a request by the seventh-day adventists . 
  city officials were not able to discuss the process behind naming the square or the reason for the holdup . 
  the vatican just now said `` we 're ok with it '' , they did n't choose the name . 
  it 's a progress , but not as sensational as some are stating . 
  in 2010 benedict xvi was in power : he was conservative even by vatican standards and if the mayor of rome went against him he would have had committed a political suicide . 
  with francis the church is more open , so they gave green light . 
  you could also try asking the people of r/france . 
  most of them can speak enhglish . 
  oh you blissfull soul from a landlocked nation ^ * , the mediterranean is just a * sea * , not an * ocean * . 
  * = comment deleted , nation was luxembourg . 
  edit : the deleted answer was something like `` how could they be allowed to camp inside ? '' . 
  -- we get some 20000 + of those people every month , especially in the summer , so there 's really not any space left to house them . 
  railway stations have large covered areas so it 's not unusual that the city sets up basic services for those people , which are using them as hubs while they wait for the first opportunity to take a train going north . 
  a lot of them try to go into germany / scandinavia . 
  also : it 's not unusual that people that see their refugee request declined are simply handed a paper stating that they have to leave italy in a few days , but are not actually escorted out , so you 'll imagine where they will try to go . 
  that 's just entry level stuff , i dare them to try and do the same thing at [ ivrea 's orange battle ] ( https://youtu.be/mxwwg-ljh60?t=1m40s ) :p, 
  that might as well be any of our major railway stations . 
  and what bright nights came out of it !, 
  our uk tabloids equivalent are essentially a moltitude of huffington post-style political partisan weekly tabloids . 
  everything here is about politics , there is n't really any tradition of an indipendent press . 
  they are the lowest possible denominator of petty news and star gossip , with some poitics sprinkle here and there . 
  lol what ? 
  yep , it 's better to let russia get as much of georgia as it it wants . 
  what would we want to do otherwise ?
