  they are n't picturing buildings , but masses of people . 
  masses that can move . 
  what really works is turkey closing the tap . 
  wait until october if erdogan keeps on his promise . 
  china ? 
  have you never heard of tuvalu ? 
  it 's incredible how many non sequitur i 'd like to eat horse meat at lunch ... 
  that would still be useless , most of them do n't have documents and the age they 're assigned is a guesstimate most of the time . 
  that 's pretty much how china works . 
   eyewitnesses told the german newspaper rheinische post that the group `` looked mediterranean , '' had beards , and wore their hair long those radical hipster muslims ... 
  and it 's still quite poor , their gdp/capita is on par with romania . 
  consider that religious organization as a website that sells drugs . 
  the state will seize the domain and will pay a lot of attention if people involved in the website will try to open another e-commerce business . 
  change website with mosque . 
  if you select the first letter of a sentence it often `` overselect '' the whole page ... 
  anyway , that church must be registered somewhere as an institution , maybe to simply have tax advantages . 
  you ban that entity . 
  and sharpen your knives , a glassy situation will happen soon . 
  that happens with every special significantly sized raid : overwhelming force to submit in the fastest way possible . 
  be it a drug production facility or radicalization centre . 
  it 's because he 's on reddit , which places him in the young well-off white male with stem education pool . 
  if someone can be radicalized in a few months this means that the person is already really troubled . 
  this has validity up to a point . 
  italy spends quite a little but the forces are deployed in various anti piracy missions , migration surveillance , and have major presence in iraq and lebanon . 
  and the 60 's up to the late 80 's in italy were a completely peaceful time , no internal terrorism or anything like that . 
  that was an article written with the lone intent to be shared and generate traffic . 
  i 'm with you , really . 
  nothing wrong about right wing people , it would be silly to put the majority of them under the same umbrella . 
  eh , bitcoin has the same defects of a total free market . 
  plus , if someone manages to get  50 % processing power they can literally double spend their money . 
  any form of trade needs moderation . 
  looks like threads are going to pop up if someone in germany farts loudly . 
  so much that he used his own self to represent the opposite of ideal physique . 
  right wing extremism is an ideology , you do n't need to have party membership to have equivalent values . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw9calkovai&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=57s ), 
  pretty much what happens here , just with more bureaucracy in the mix . 
  will happily do , mrs. * eva coss\u00e9 * . 
  if you foot the bill completely , 
  lol , we have proportional and one of europe 's lowest average government duration . 
  it looks like a mirror of european . 
  you ca n't kill what 's already dead . 
  then we should expel all of our eastern europe immigrants , they are by far the most offending minority per capita ... 
  british politicians really have a thing for the nhs . 
  eh , only the opinion part is really shite . 
  friendly fire and autoadmin banned him from the game . 
  the article said police already ruled out terror . 
  where did you pull that 10 % form ? 
  nothing new for the northern league , their historic leader has a shitton of convictions for crimes against the nation . 
  [ japan beat them to it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdvspq7megq ) the technology and convenience is already there , but good luck profiting from selling poop meat . 
  not a chance , last poll showed 70 % in favour of italy remaining and 68.6 % to maintain the $ . 
  the same poll showed that trust towards eu institutions has been lowering in the past 3 or so years , except for the bce whose favorability rose . 
  five star were euroskeptic when it was useful to gain votes from the more hardcore protest voters , now they are more on line with varoufakis ' movement . 
  even less on estonian air . 
  we also had a bomb warning today because a wacko called the police with a fake bomb threat . 
  if we also consider abandoned suitcases to be a threat worth reporting there would be one every other week for each of italy 's 20 regions . 
  and does n't flood your market with underpriced products to get rid of their overproduction . 
  bow to the kings of biodiversity , monotone peasants . 
  victory !, 
  he attacked a big group of defensless people . 
  da tovarish . 
  is generally goes with body count heavy surprise attack by ethnically middle eastern people * then shootout * , and * if * the video is true the guy 's ethnicity seemed mainly caucasic . 
  i like to call them octupi , arms everywhere and an ink cloud hiding their true ideas . 
  the comedian , grillo , is slowly moving to the side . 
  di maio is the de facto face and main leading figure of the party . 
  / r/italy is partly biased towards the democratic party ( pd ) , seen mainly as the lesser of evils . 
  the main reason people would vote for the m5s is either protest or as an anti-pd vote . 
  i ca n't give you a good answer to your last question simply because you simply ca n't know what they 'll do once in power , albeit i share the economist 's view on their naivety . 
  [ screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ydfjqdj.png ) -- copy paste : the five star question the new party has a clear path to victory , but fuzzy notions of what to do if it wins jul 23rd 2016 | turin | from the print edition rosario scavo remembers when 80 % of the inhabitants of borgo vittoria worked directly or indirectly for the fiat car company . 
  `` it was a city within the city , '' he says of the firm , to which he gave 33 years of his life . 
  in those days , it went without saying that this working-class district of turin , where the gleaming alps are obscured by dismal apartment blocks , voted for the left . 
  once it was the socialists or communists , more recently the democratic party ( pd ) of prime minister matteo renzi . 
  much of fiat 's production has since left italy for cheaper locations . 
  today , borgo vittoria is a lifeless place . 
  a jeweller 's shop bears the melancholy sign `` i buy gold '' . 
  ( not much though , says an assistant : `` those who wanted to sell have already sold . '' ) as for mr scavo , the energetic 62-year-old has already been a pensioner for five years . 
  he gives $ 300 a month to his university-educated daughter , who has been unable to find any job better than part-time health and social work . 
  such grim economic prospects are one reason why , at local elections last month , the torinese ended 23 years of centre-left government and chucked out their pd mayor , piero fassino . 
  mr fassino had carried on his predecessors ' project of developing turin as a tourism destination , but little of that money reached the city 's fringes . 
  in the run-off election , most voters in borgo vittoria backed mr fassino 's rival , chiara appendino ( pictured ) , of the upstart five star movement ( m5s ) . 
  with m5s riding high in the polls ( see chart ) , the pd is growing worried that what happened in turin could happen in the rest of italy , too . 
  ms appendino is a 32-year-old graduate of milan 's bocconi university , the business school of the northern italian bourgeoisie . 
  that makes her an odd champion for working-class frustration . 
  but m5s , which was launched in 2009 as an internet-based political insurgency by beppe grillo , a comedian , has much to offer such voters . 
  it demands a referendum on membership of the euro , which it blames for italy 's economic ills . 
  it promises a minimum income for all citizens , whether they work or not . 
  its candidates hammer relentlessly on the theme of onest\u00e0 ( honesty ) , a powerful rallying cry in italy 's dirty political culture . 
  and it has tried to engage disaffected voters by soliciting their ideas . 
  ms appendino ran on a platform of 16 planks developed in concert with open-access citizens ' groups . 
  but m5s 's biggest advantage is its ability to appeal to the right as well as the left . 
  ms appendino beat mr fassino in turin 's run-off by winning over the voters who had backed right-wing parties in the opening round . 
  in the european parliament , m5s 's deputies sit with those of the uk independence party and germany 's anti-immigrant alternativ f\u00fcr deutschland . 
  m5s 's eurosceptic tendencies and mr grillo 's hostility to immigration appeal to many on the right . 
  this makes the party highly effective in two-round elections . 
  thanks to an electoral law passed on mr renzi 's watch , italy now has a two-round system not just at local , but at national level . 
  the prime minister is focused on winning a referendum this autumn to alter the constitution so that the next government has a free hand for its entire term . 
  if he loses , he says he will resign , pitching italy into a government crisis . 
  but for his party an even greater danger is that he could win the referendum -- and then lose to m5s in the next election . 
  heads we win , tails we win the run-off m5s is woefully unprepared to govern . 
  its left - and right-wing impulses are in tension , but , says marco ricolfi , a social scientist at the university of turin , the left-wing side predominates .
