  oh , and we 'll probably get some barely floating ferries with 7-900 people in it from egypt and turkey too , 
  ah , the famous italian freedom of speech . 
  you even put the italian flag in the graph < 3, 
  shadow economy , pay under the table with cold cash or bitcoin . 
  might as well be , but if we use that map [ sources ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=germany&amp;country2=italy ) we can see that transportation , utilities and most leisure activities are cheaper in italy . 
  and honestly some of those food prices seem inflated even for an expensive city like milan . 
  there 's also too much variance to really consider the two countries comparable , half of the items are more expensive and half less . 
  big mac index is n't really useful , italy and germany have different eating habits , so demand/offer balance is different . 
  this can be said of most food items . 
  luxury items such as an ipad are n't really an indicator of real life spending either . 
  thank you . 
  that 's worrying ... 
  i 'm for uk staying for what it counts , but that move from the government is quite undemocratic . 
  do you have a link ? 
  those maps are flawed , no way cost of living in italy is equal to germany . 
  data for those graph are based on user contribution , so i highly doubt they 're statistically weighted . 
  afaik the document must be unbiased and present both points , or at least that 's how stuff works here . 
  * lawyer * : `` but they facilitate access to unlawful consumption of copyrighted material . '', 
  * judge * : `` i like you . '', 
  devaluation of the $ most likely . 
  uhm ... the uk has already almost cart blanche on immigration matters by being out of schengen . 
  6 years ago , as a cleaner ... he probably was n't even radicalized at that time . 
  oh , finally the first dutch flag that says something sensible . 
  the plan would have been just a first step . 
  eu admission can take decades ... that 's why technical referendums are an utterly idiotic measure . 
  lol , i can already feel the butthurtness in the comments . 
  that 's a baby allowance , far from covering the costs . 
   how can that possibly be profitable for the aussies ? 
  volume , 35 % of their wine exports (  700 mil $ ) goes to europe . 
  but they should have the right to say it , silencing them just because it 's hardly a good solution . 
  because she 's already out of this world , 
  * what do we want ?!, 
  * we do n't know !, 
  * when do we want it ?!, 
  * who cares !, 
  the meddling of western countries in the arab spring brought long term instability in the region , a prime example is france and uk 's help in eliminating qaddafi . 
  now no faction in that mess has the upper hand . 
  or just the oil wars that started in the late '80s . 
  it 's ridiculous that border countries have to support this burden with no leeway , neither humanitarian relief nor financial . 
  i doubt this proposal will pass , but at least it 's something . 
  irregardless from the source , foreign intervention in foreign wars can only bring trouble back home . 
  if you read the last paragraph it explicitly states  prostitution is legal . 
  hitting consumption and cutting hitting the heads of the ring leaders is the best solution when the offer is about exploitation . 
  by giving fines to the users you do n't need to gather proofs that an actual intercourse happened , but you can stop the act and/or prosecute it more easily . 
  the best solution would be to legalize prostitution . 
  since it 's endemic in the human society a regulatory framework would protect the weakest actor : prostitutes . 
  they 're not making prostitution illegal , they 're going to fine the clients . 
  they 're just reorganizing the security structure , not hiring 400000 more personnel . 
  i 'd heighten security near mexican restaurants if i were them . 
  italia forte . 
  profitability is the name of the game , and france still has the gold medal in that . 
  spain - zara france - airbus/chanel germany - volkswagen uk - bbc/smugness switzerland - rolex finland - nokia sweden - ikea italy - ferrari/nutella, 
  transcription , in case of paywall ( image version : https://i.imgur.com/ukgp6wf.png )  minister says bloc 's immigration system at risk of collapse  italy is pleading for eu help to ramp up the deportation of migrants arriving on its southern shores , warning that the bloc 's immigration system is at risk of collapse without a more aggressive policy on so-called returns . 
   in an interview with the ft , angelino alfano , italy 's interior minister , says the eu should move to secure deals with african nations , which are the source of the vast majority of migrants arriving in italy , offering economic aid in exchange for taking back their citizens and preventing new flows . 
   his comments come as the eu enacts a scheme with turkey in which thousands of middle eastern refugees will be sent back across the aegean sea from greece in exchange for up to $ 6bn in eu aid for ankara . 
  a first group of 135 were returned to turkey on monday . 
   `` europe was able to find the resources when it was urgent -- i am referring to turkey . 
  it 's a matter of political leadership , '' mr alfano said . 
  `` if returns do n't work , the whole [ european commission president ] juncker migration agenda will fail , '' he said . 
   mr alfano 's request reflects renewed nervousness in rome about the migration crisis following an 80 per cent spike in the number of arrivals to italy across the central mediterranean sea in the first quarter of this year compared to 2015 . 
   if that increase holds through the warmer spring and summer months , it would smash the record 170,000 migrants who arrived in italy in 2014 , straining resources and creating a political problem for the centre-left government led by matteo renzi . 
   as the greece plan goes into action , there are worries in rome that it may compound problems by encouraging middle eastern migrants to switch routes and attempt to enter the eu through italy , boosting the numbers even further . 
   `` if syrians do n't want to stay in turkey but want to try the trip to europe , they will go around and try to get here from libya , '' mr alfano said . 
  `` we still do n't have any evidence that this is happening , but we are monitoring . ''  italy has held talks with albania about containing a possible surge in flows through the balkan nation . 
  mr alfano also expressed hope that the recent , if wobbly , establishment of a national unity government in libya could lead to a crackdown against migrant smugglers there . 
   for those who do arrive , italian officials are hoping that an eu plan to relocate thousands of refugees across its 28 member states will relieve some pressure . 
  so far , only about 500 migrants have been moved from italy under the plan -- `` apartment building numbers '' -- says mr alfano , derisively . 
   the eu relocation scheme is reserved for refugees in need of international protection -- essentially syrians and eritreans -- whereas the bulk of migrants arriving in italy come from countries in sub-saharan africa , and are therefore ineligible . 
   italy last year deported 15,000 people , or about 10 per cent of all arrivals . 
  officials believe higher figures are essential to alleviate the country 's burden , even if mass returns could trigger concerns about possible violations of human rights and international law . 
   `` irregular [ migrants ] have to be kept in closed camps from where they can not escape . 
  so how many tens of thousands of people can you keep , year after year ? 
  without returns , either you organise real prisons , or it 's obvious that the system will collapse , '' mr alfano said . 
  `` it does n't take a prophet to glimpse the future '' . 
   italy has struck some so-called `` readmission '' deals , particularly with north african countries , but officials say they would be much more effective if agreed on an eu-wide level . 
  the difficulty is that member states often disagree on what constitutes `` safe country '' for returns and some african countries resist taking migrants back . 
  mr alfano says in addition the eu should try to set up `` triage centres in as many countries as we can along the route to explain to people that they will be sent back '' -- another idea that has struggled to gain traction . 
   mr alfano , a 45-year old sicilian , is a former ally of silvio berlusconi who became interior minister in 2013 under enrico letta , mr renzi 's predecessor , and has remained in the post since then . 
   his agenda includes terrorism as wells as immigration . 
  after the paris and brussels attacks , italy renewed its call for common defence and intelligence sharing among eu member states , but it feels like an uphill struggle , given the reluctance in many national capitals to cede sovereignty on intelligence matters . 
   `` the terrorists have two attacks , we do n't even have a directive on the ` passenger name record ' , '' he said , referring to a languishing eu proposal to share information on airline passengers . 
  `` this is what worries me the most . ''  while italy is frequently cited as a possible target of international terror , particularly as the seat of the roman catholic church , it has not been a victim of a big attack since 1985 and has a smaller share of radicalised `` foreign fighters '' than other countries . 
  mr alfano believes this is down to the authorities ' ability to apply tactics and experience from their fights against the mafia and domestic terrorism in 1970s led by the red brigades . 
  he also says there has been lots of co-operation from muslims in italy reporting suspicious behaviour . 
   `` evidently our model does n't incite hatred . 
  we have sowed well , at least until now . 
  but there is no country with no risk and we can never be certain , '' he said . 
  part that and part french redditors on this sub are not very vocal . 
  italy , spain , uk , german and us politics taught anything is that france will have either a new populist party pop up in a few years or fn will surge up . 
  97 % consider corruption `` widespread '' . 
  this shows how partisanship is ingrained in most italian media , if you want to have a good idea of what happens here you have to follow at least 3-4 sources for every single news . 
  it 's not a dick measuring contest , but an index of dishonesty . 
  so , only the 59 % is a point shared by the majority , ok ... 
  * sky arte hd * has a streaming service , but afaik you can use it only if you have a sky packet and an italian residence . 
  there 's an equivalent from the public broadcaster , the cultural channel [ rai 5 ] ( http://www.rai.tv/dl/raitv/dirette/publishingblock-5d691044-de91-4942-8c9c-4b9bda4b8b79.html ) , and you just need an italian ip to see it . 
  it 's not on the level of arte but the quality is still pretty good . 
  for general italian learning there 's / r/italianlearning, 
  no , that 's because those two branches show almost 0 will to cooperate . 
   the problem right now is that this state of deflation is accompanied by low confidence instead of optimism , well , consumer confidence has been on the rise these last months . 
  this march it was 115 % of 2010 100 % base , +0.5 % of february 's .
