  about the extremely poor : how can an ill and/or extreme poor person afford not life-saving treatment or achieve higher education ? 
  and for one reason or another us life expectancy is relatively low . 
  with this said if you 're not unlucky to be in the lower part of the population the us is one of the most opportunity florid countries . 
  the last two are under the category of negotiable terms . 
  germany and southern states elect their leaders , police forces are effective at least on a basic level , minorities being continuously discriminated * by the state * because they are minorities is an exception , not the rule . 
  greece 's economy is in a dire situation but is n't collapsing , and east eu is growing at a steady pace . 
  with this said no country is obliged to join the eu . 
  there are indeed significant parts , for now minorities , of some states that are in favor of going out . 
  there is n't an `` ideal nation '' , but [ there are requirements to be fulfilled to join . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm ) the turkish state is n't interested in matching them . 
  also , i 'm not aware of any eu state that it 's actually having military conflicts in its own territory ( the kurds ) . 
  let me reiterate that i 'm talking about the turkish political class , not its people . 
  57 % of turkey is covered by something better then a pure landline , eu average is 70 % . 
  and honestly i doubt that most of them know enough to bypass the government censorship , especially the elder ones . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats4.htm ), 
  how * can * you start to care if you are not exposed to critical views ? 
  you accept the status quo as the only option . 
  this is why freedom of expression is paramount . 
  and yes , the turkish state would need a cultural revolution before being able to join the eu , this is n't even a matter of discussion . 
  it 's weird how people are voluntarily staying compact but away from the police lines . 
   lower inequality-adjusted hdi he values equality , so yes , on * that aspect * the us is a shithole . 
  the richest are insanely rich and the poor have really limited assistance . 
  it 's hard to vote for someone else if opposition media is repressed . 
  * sufficient * military intervention . 
  either direct or by heavily supporting a faction . 
  stricter border controls , for once . 
  also , i 'm against * isufficient * military intervention . 
  it 's a victimless crime that basically nobody does , yeah . 
  have you tried horse meat ? 
  it 's like beef , but better . 
  in most countries it 's virtually impossible to charge someone of zoophilia if the animal is well fed , does n't show abnormal behavior and is not physically injured . 
  in brazil , cambodia , mexico , romania , thailand , and part of the usa it 's explicitly not a crime . 
  ( [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoophilia_and_the_law#national_laws ) ), 
  if only more people saw it this way , almost all terror attacks in the eu have been made by eu citizens . 
  it 's kinda what happens for national elections . 
  few days before the voting days state tv rolls psas on how to vote nearly every commercial brake . 
  on a city level you can give 1 of 3 type of votes for the same election . 
  , every region has freedom to decide how to vote its governor and council . 
  cities with < 15000 residents have direct elections ,  = 15000 if a majority is n't reached the top 2 candidates go to ballot . 
  on a national level the low chamber has an hybrid of majority and proportional system . 
  just recently the high chamber has been reformed and now has lower powers then the low chamber ; its elections are done the same time as the regional ones . 
  but the newly elected region council can reject the citizens ' choice of high chamber members for their region ( yup ) . 
  at least you do n't have to vote in italy . 
  wohoo we are getting worse faster then everyone ... :(, 
  i stand corrected on the tactical support . 
  still insufficient tho . 
  not really , the city got into iraq 's government hands after they departed . 
  and afaik it 's still held by the government as we speak . 
   fallujah there were coordinated troops on the ground in that case . 
  ~ ~ the west is hitting strategic targets , there is little to no ground to air coordination atm . ~ ~ removed head from ass . 
  the logic of using only airstrikes to fight them is pointless , the enemy is too volatile . 
  the only real way to defeat them is , surprise surprise , either invade them or massively reiforce 1 faction . 
  but boots on the ground are unpopular , so noone is doing much . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm more supportive of putin 's way in syria then the west . 
  even so , since every third of the world supports a different faction of the main 3 in daesh 's territory , nothing resembling even a step in the right direction has really been done . 
   can i haz independeeenz ? 
  you 're right \u2606, 
  is this a sensationalist title for an article with useless broad comments ? 
  i expected more from bbc . 
  found the finnish immigrant . 
  * whoosh * to me then . 
  it was said by a ministry of economy , and he got quite the backslash from that . 
   it takes into account economic vibrancy and competitiveness , local security , political stability , environmental friendliness , sustainability , socio-cultural conditions and governance . 
  switzerland , being neutral on everything since 1847 . 
  i see it as an imposition of a religion whom i 'm not affiliated with . 
  to know how stressful a country is i like to look at suicide statistics , we have the 2nd lowest sucide rate in europe and are in the bottom 20-30 % globally . 
  it 's hard for people to be really successful but ( and ? ), 
  few are heavily stressed . 
  got to protect yourself from those frontalieri . 
  to understand what democristiani used as an `` insult '' means you have to know italy 's politics starting from after wwii . 
  long story short democristiani was a mega political party with lots of internal currents ranging form almost communist left to center right . 
  it ruled pretty much unrivaled for some 40 years , its end was caused by corruption scandals and secret pacts with mafia and mafia-like organizations . 
  so now renzi 's rivals compare him to democristiani to get people to accuse him of corruption and secret pacts without actively saying it . 
  lol , politics are so intertwined with the vatican and people are quite islamophobic that even talking about that would sink your political career . 
   prison colony ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f ^ ^ human ^ ^ rights, 
  it was just a prank , browsky . 
  a lot of woman that wear a full veil do not go out without a male relative already , this law wo n't change the behavior of those men . 
  let 's force those conservative woman into their houses , this will broaden their views ... 
  there 's clearly an agenda behind that law , they did n't even bother to mask it as a safety rule . 
  this will force those woman into even more isolation , good job ticino ^ ^ / s, 
  carlin has been a hero , but cock 's no muscle . 
  seems a robbery at a bank director house . 
  yes , `` first '' day . 
  correlation \u2260 causation, 
  and the ones still alive were considered by an investigation to have `` made mistakes '' , but afaik there were n't proofs to bring specific people to court . 
  we jailed some people because they used cheap workforce provided by the * camorra * for the reconstructions , but this is another story . 
  the place would have been safe , but almost every single building in the city was n't up to standard . 
  1 of the arguments is that , the other is that the laws in a lot of anti abortion states force great sufferings to a woman , who will still miscarriage , before she can finally abort . 
  another one might be that by forcing people to continue pregnancies they will still abort , but in a less sanitary way . 
  also , if a girl gets raped or has incestuous sex should she continue the pregnancy ? 
  but i 'll stop here , clearly we are on opposite sides of the spectrum . 
  it 's being interesting . 
  an hard drive full of data could be 100 times more useful then assault weapons . 
  i always mess up the adjectives for that region , sorry . 
  well , congrats to the ~ ~ dutch ~ ~ belgian authorities for the efficient reaction then , less then 3 hours and the immediate threat seems eliminated . 
  has reuters ever heard of the hippocratic oath ? 
  i think it 's and volley , rugby and shortly after basketball for the north and south and the same plus swimming for center italy . 
  tennis is also moderately popular . 
  i did n't consider the later stages of development because there should of course be a limit of x weeks from conception for abortion ( in case the mother 's life is n't at risk ) . 
  rules range from 2 to 4 months i think .
