  that is the reality . 
  turkey is a nice country , definately not as bad as europeans see . 
  and not enough good . 
  but it does n't determine whether it can be a member of a political union or not . 
  the equation has so many variables . 
  a turk , a greek and an armenian 's ship wrecked and they trapped in a remote island . 
  suddenly a genie show ups and tells them they have one and only one wish and he will do it . 
  he asks greek first , he answers '' i want to go back to my family '' and in a second he vanishes from the island . 
  he asks to armenian and he answers as greek . 
  in a second he vanishes too . 
  on turk 's turn genie asks for his wish and turk say `` i want greek and armenian to come here back '' . 
  no doubt it was more democratic ( still was not enough ) . 
  there were nationalist goverments , coups , human right violations . 
  but , still it was never like nowadays . 
  it was a poorer but hopeful country , indeed . 
  since you are spanish , this example may be appropriate i guess . 
  spain is ruled under franco pretty long time , and it is a pretty good country now even though all this anti-democratic years . 
  turkey may have something same too , we can not predict much future , right . 
  it can get worse as well too . 
  well , for russia , unfortunately they have n't have this democracy culture even crippled version what turkey had . 
  thats true . 
  even a tinee tiny bit democracy is better than no democracy . 
  enough ? 
  but still , its something . 
  if ( `` if '' is so important ) , not only erdogan but also his mindset and what he represents are gone in turkey , it is still debatable for turkey to be an eu member . 
  for sure if those mentioned factors are vanished , turkey would be a charming and quality country , no doubt on this . 
  eventhough those years of reign of erdogan , turkey is still something , there is still hope for it . 
  however turkey is a big country . 
  by population i mean . 
  that would create problems in eu itself . 
  there is a balance in eu with germany and france and with other smaller countries . 
  breaking balance brings no good . 
  turkey , also wo n't be a dream land when erdogan vanishes out of blue . 
  history is there , emotions are there and current crisis such as cyprus and armenian genocide controversies are independent of erdogan . 
  they are turkish identity problems . 
  also even tough turkey be a super democratic , super human rights country ; mindset of some europeans will never change towards it too . 
  again historic reasons or the fear/antipathy of the different will block the coordination and acceptance . 
  it is not an easy thing to change mindset of europe , too . 
  turkey will always be `` no europe '' for majority of people of europe . 
  on the other hand , if putin and all his mindset vanishes , europeans does n't have much problem with russian culture or anything . 
  it is just a bitter version of nowadays eastern european countries culture thats all . 
  ( of course i know a polish culture is not anything like a russian culture , but it is a fact that it is a transition between western european culture and russian one ) . 
  however the issue is , russia is a even more way bigger and more way stronger country than turkey . 
  that is the reason it can never be a eu country ( i do n't even think they care about it already , russia this way or that way a super power herself and has its own sphere of influence . ), 
  so short version ; 1 ) even a miracle happens in turkey and erdogan vanishes still nothing much change . 
  if putin vanishes there is no reason to anything to be change for eu perspective . 
  chance are 2 % for turkey and 1 % for russia . 
  so turkey wins !, 
  yay !, 
  jon kebab . . looks cool . 
  i guess it would be '' \u00d6zt\u00fcrk '' which literally means `` genuine turk '' . 
  it is a pretty common surname in turkey . 
  ( btw i am not implying that ozturk is a bastard name , there are so much ozturks in turkey that they may find that offensive . 
  i just mean it is a very common surname . ), 
  we have weird surnames , indeed . 
  some of the demonyms does not make much sense in my language and is not widely used too but as below as per your pattern ; izmirli , egeli , anadolulu , turk , asyali from izmir , aegean ( or ? aegeanian ? 
  ? , i dont know how is it in english ) , anatolian , turkish , asian . 
  yes , please ? 
  worse is rak\u0131 mixed with juice ( like votka ) ... 
  i have seen , i cried a lot ... 
  informal way ( formal is boring ) - naber ? 
  ( short version of ne haber ? - what are the news ? ), 
  ( equivalent to what 's up ? ), 
  -- naber ? 
  ( what 's up ? ), 
  ( good , from you ? ), 
  ( good ) - nasilsin ( literally means how are you ? ), 
  ( what have you been doing ? - shortened version of ne yaptin ? 
  ( what 've you done ? ), 
  ( what 'd i have done ? 
  what 've you done ? ), 
  how is it going ? ), 
  ( when you say it you actually say like nasil gidiyo ? ), 
  ( how 'd it go ? 
  how is your ( life ) going ? ), 
  -- ayni ( same ) my favorite ; - nabiyon ? 
  what are you doing ? ), 
  ( what 're you doin ' ) -- napayim , sen nabiyon ? 
  ( what 'd i do ? 
  what 're you doin ' ? ), 
  ( what 'd i do ? ), 
  ok formal one ; - nasilsiniz ( how is sir/madam ) -- nasilsiniz ? 
  ( i am fine , thank you . 
  how are you ? ), 
  ( i am fine , too . 
  thank you ) -- rica ederim ... -- boooooo boring, 
  edit : i actually realized now that i didnt answer the question on the title with that long post below . 
  so what i think when i see them is `` oh fuck she will make me buy that fucking rose , this way or that way she will make me '' they mostly do not include theirselves to the rest of the society . 
  you ( of course just mostly not only ) only see them doing their trade business and/or illegal business , or begging in daily life . 
  however they are not all like this , some roma is living same as other citizens and you cant tell they are roma , but when this happens steorotype vanishes automatically already . 
  if these mentioned roma are somehow a little wealthy or educated , they somehow leave behind that stereotypical behaviors ( as i observe they still preserve their wedding culture tough ) . 
  beside that , they are literally colorful . 
  literature and art on them of course is not reflecting their life hundred percent accurate ( pretty much romantized approach ) , but there is a solid literature and visual art archive over their stereotypical life style . 
  and they are good musicians . 
  i mean great musicians . 
  i guess god created them for music . 
  a funny memory , when i was in wroclaw , i was sitting on rynek myself and a roma came . 
  first i thought she is syrian , but she was speaking fluent polish ( well i am not that fluent on polish yet , so idk if she was speaking proper but she was speaking any how ) . 
  she told me she is roma . 
  she had a little baby girl with her .
