  and you know what happened ? 
  he fleed after he stayed in prison for 3 years . 
  if he was there for 2 more months he would already be a free man . 
  but he chose to not . 
  and he is not an opposition . 
  he was literally supporter of akp on the most important referandum of turkey , similar to what happens to poland now . 
  he manipulated liberals to vote for erdogan 's act of changing judiciary structure . 
  this event let what erdogan is now . 
  in so many occasions he was pro akp and erdogan . 
  if people are being prisoned just for being anti-erdogan , we have better and harsher ones still out without and persecution ( there is obviously a pressure any persecutions on opposition , but what i say is , come on be fair , there are lots of harsher opposition intellectual who does their job , being opposition ) so yay , greece saved poor political victim by granting him asylum . 
  and he is also armenian-turkish so they alse saved armenians from evil turks . 
  nice upvotes . 
  i must add something to your kind wishes . 
  there is something that you europeans does n't understand correctly . 
  there were always secular and more western oriented people in turkey . 
  there is still . 
  and there always will be . 
  they are not shrinking but getting more populous . 
  only thing is , the other part of the turkey is on power now . 
  and they are on government for 15 years now , and what they have changed ideologically is not that much drastic tbh . 
  they only radicalized their own population , they did n't change the social structures of turkey . 
  even the oppressions are not working . 
  and the best part is , erdogan could n't establish its own unique `` culture '' in turkey that he wish . 
  and it does n't look like he will be able to until his death . 
  because , unless how you know , turkey has a strong bond to secular lifestyle . 
  the producing layer of turkey is secular , the cultural layer of turkey is secular ( white collars , artists , shortly educateds ) . 
  and even its uneducated hordes are not like of these middle east countries on the larger view . 
  people seriously think that turkey will be new iran , all i can say as an atheist is lol . 
  different countries , different people , different stories . 
  it is a phase , and it will pass . 
  when i was in egypt i saw lots of people reads koran like a regular book everywhere ( government buildings , outdoors , work etc. ), 
  and it is written originally in their original language . 
  they literally understand it . 
  still , egypt is egypt . 
  egyptians are egyptians . 
  nothing changes with them and nothing looks like will change with them . 
  ( though most of people were ok with me being atheist , they just told me it is a shame , i should be a muslim because i was born to a muslim country , and pretty couple of them tried to reconvert me ), 
  90 's ended . 
  facial hair is not allowed in turkish army . 
  it is a very strict rule for a reason . 
  thats why it was so interesting for me to see bearded american soldiers in movies . 
  i was always thinking '' how can they be a soldier?they have beard '' . 
  looks like most of the armies does n't have rules in facial hair and hairstyle . 
  which i think is a stupid restriction . 
  not : i assume you saw mostly turkish soldiers rather than regular citizens during your military service on border , right ? 
   lies run sprints , but the truth runs marathons . 
  that is a powerful and hopeful analogy . 
  i loved it . 
  thank you . 
  lol . 
  would anyone really be happy because the leader of the country ruins that country and he is aware of it ? 
  that is nice to hear . 
  unfortunately i see in europe some rookies are trying to ruin their countries . 
  this jealousy towards our glorious leader , ahh soo pathetic . 
  guys , please , do not lower yourself more . 
  you can not compete with our glorious leader . 
  these are rookies . 
  they just try . 
  to really ruin your country , try is not enough . 
  you have to believe , too . 
  you have to believe that stars are not unreachable . 
  that is why erdogan is so successful . 
  he believes . 
  he believes we can ruin our country at the best . 
  one day orban , kaczy\u0144ski , putin , all of them will be forgotten . 
  but history will always remember this glorious man . 
  how he succeed . 
  and how glorious he was on his journey . 
  god bless erdogan . 
  edit : wow i woke up to a gold and very nice comments . 
  thank you reddit !, 
  historically or nowadays ? 
  idk about historically but nowadays i am sure it is . 
  i know that concept . 
  it is basicly the `` grandma accessories '' . 
  and donkey have seen some shit !, 
  meanwhile , greek religious ( old one ) souvenirs in ephesus , turkey . 
  ah , makes more sense, 
  why the lady in the middle has green hair ? 
  i thought green hair is only a japanese anime thing . 
  yea , it is disguasting when you mix it with water . 
  there should be a concentrated version . 
  plot twist : it is international star wars day actually . 
  danes are weird people . 
  october thirty-first be with you !, 
  closest i have ever been to denmark is when i was in gdansk . 
  yet i have done 23 correct answer . 
  i guess if i visit hamburg anytime soon , i can be pretty close to the citizenship . 
  i eat danish blue sometimes , does that give extra credit ? 
  according to geneva accords , turkey has no obligation to take refugees from its southern borders ( syria , iraq and iran ) . 
  the agreement signed with that condition . 
  turkey did n't accepted these refugees because of the agreement at the first place . 
  you can not be sure where it belongs until it is on map . 
  and until it is on map , it is in a superposition . 
  whenever i hear this song it reminds me community halloween episode where all school turned into zombies . 
  it was such a great episode . 
  geographicly you are not wrong ( however not correct 100 percent too , and also this middle east defination is so arbitrary ) . 
  however when you are doing this statistical study , it is so riddiculous . 
  as turkey has a figure of 0.07 and has an enourmous population in germany , your conclusion far away from healthy . 
  and also , on this categorization all the countries beside turkey is basicly arab or arabic influenced countries .
