  and i stayed 16 days in poland out of my 2 months visa and came back , thats all . 
  now , any person who had already decided to immigrate to europe can find the easiest shengen area country for visa . 
  can show hisself employed somewhere somehow if he is not already working , can show some money on bank , if this person is eligable enough to buy a 250 dollars plane ticket , 100 dollars passport , 100 dollars visa fee and 20 dollars travel insurance , right . 
  what i want to say is , you guys are not already so hard to get a visa . 
  only thing will change on an ordinary turkish citizen 's life is we will not wait on line for two week for a visa for our two week touristic trips ( really wonder what you guys check all during these two week period , cia database ? 
  ) , it will be easier to schedule to plan our trips easily etc and we wo n't pay high fees as much as 100 dollars per visa appointment ( possibly still will pay some at airport but whatever ) . 
  and if you scare of mass immgiration of poor uneducated terrorrist turks to europe , do n't worry , you father and mother did n't worry that much because you know why , before 1980 there were no visa for turks to europe already . 
  it started after 1980 millitary coup . 
  ok military coups are really bad , but guess who had coup in 1973 : greece , eu member now . 
  and believe me back than before 1980 , turkey was poorer , more uneducated and maybe more terrorist . 
  and even visa-free is granted to turkish citizens , your police will have right to not accept and send with first flight back to turkey the ones that they did n't trust . 
  any country has this right . 
  like british are visa-free to turkey but if turkish police does n't want to take you in to country ( suspected you , didnt like your face , anything ) he has right to not take you to the country and send you back with the first plane to your country . 
  probably . 
  alas that is a misunderstanding . 
  pro-caliphates was not only in `` turkish mainland '' . 
  they were in thessaloniki , in east , in arab populated lands , and basicly at the every corner of ottoman empire . 
  also anti-caliphate organization ( which is in vastly minority ) was around all the corners of empire . 
  so atat\u00fcrk did n't change the system with the help of `` mighty west '' . 
  it is a big misconception . 
  ataturk was n't more modern and anti-caliphate because he is from a `` greek city '' . 
  he was because he was a soldier , army academies was the best school of that time ( well they are still in turkey ) , most of his cabinet and gun-friends was from balkans as much as from `` turkish mainland '' . 
  note : thessaloniki is a beautiful greek city btw . . 
  true that , that 's why i called it an ottoman city . 
  i did n't call it a turkish city . 
  why i implied it , that atat\u00fcrk was not a foreigner in any case . 
  he was an ottoman citizen since his birth to ottoman clay , and till 1923 ( his 42 years of life ) he has been an ottoman citizen . 
  and when turkish republic is established than he was again not a foreigner , because he is turkish ethnicly . 
  when he was born it was an ottoman city . 
  and it was an ottoman city till he was 31 years old . . 
  yes it is , it is partly in europe and if you look istanbul you can ... oppss sorry ^ wrongpost ^ sorry, 
  so , there are around 1 million proto-nazis living in turkey . 
  which makes us partially nazi . 
  so turkey should take reaction against ... turkey . 
  how do you name armenia ? 
  and this should be done otherwise it will be incomplete ; ~ ~ yermaneea ~ ~ gibmoneya ftfy, 
  they say that plateau is one of the best places for quality live stock , due to its climate and fauna that effects the quality of the animal and its meat . 
  unfortunately live stock in turkey is fucked up because of goverments stupid politics and importation craze . 
  how is it in armenia ? 
  apperantly . . 
  probably we just need to consider the cold waves from caucasia and balkans , no presense of hot ocean streams like gulf stream , closed micro climate that black sea creates etc. . btw when we say that much altitude , latitude etc it just makes me think about tits . 
  tits are beautiful ( sorry for lowering our pretty brainstorming conversation so quick , 
  i am not any expert about climate but i suppose there should be other factors affecting snow fall/climate of a region beside just altitude . 
  and i am pretty happy i am living in no-snow mediterrean coast city , 
  konya is in the right middle where you ask , and according to wikipedia it is 1016m . 
  damn , russia . . close the door !, 
  however anatolia , except the foundation and rising period of the empire , was not the heart of the empire . 
  it definately was balkans ( especially thessaloniki , skojpe , edirne and kosovo ) , levant ( especially aleppo , damascus ) and baghdat . 
  asia minor was not that much developed comperably to those . 
  really ? 
  it works on my pc . . 
  if i need to picture the link photo ; it is some ugly ass skyscrapers in istanbul that ruins the city 's unique texture . 
  i will find similar photos , and link soon . 
  edit ; http://haber.sol.org.tr/sites/default/files/styles/newsimagestyle_615x410/public/8670_0.jpg?itok=trn-tkmi http://www.kuzeyormanlari.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/istanbulun-yeni-silueti-3.jpg https://indigodergisi.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/istanbul-gokdelenleri-elektrik-kesintisi-dogalgaz-kaos.jpg, 
  i do not see it stupid at all . 
  these skyscraper craze , imho , must be done in new world countries ( usa , australia etc ) or non-historical , ' i do not know what to do with all my oil money '' arabic cities and maybe china etc. 
  i see , the old world is beautiful with its historic landscapes . 
  this makes my heart bleed ; https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2015/07/26/01/09/throat-860752_960_720.jpg, 
  probably , it is the occupations after the wwi . 
  there is shakira law in israel ? 
  til . 
  interesting . 
  if someone wants to learn turkish for the media products , they definately should learn for the sakes of our comedy movies/tv shows . 
  you can not watch them english subbed/dubbed because they contain so much particular jokes in the living language ( almost as all the comedies all over the world ) . . 
  i do not even want to be modest about this topic because they are really a piece of art . 
  however our soup operas are just cheesy , over drama , ass long products . 
  there are a few quality ones and i am sure they are all faded in other ones : /, 
  love to beautiful people of bosnia as well . . 
  however , overexggarete much ? 
  i assume there is a small turkish minority is bosnia . 
  it is natural them to talk their native tongue , and i believe there is no restriction whatsoever about it . 
  and if any other society wants to learn turkish , well that is awesome . 
  still , i do not see any tiny bit reason to make it mandatory in schools . 
  i speak three languages which turkish is my native language and polish is the one i know less . 
  i can find charming pieces on all of this three languages . 
  and turkish is most charming for me because it is the easiest language for me to express my feelings . 
  however english is so much useful for me to communicate with lots of colors of worldwide . 
  thats what i mean to explain . 
  i am not questioning the reasons of english being the lingua franca . 
  it has been somehow and now it is the reality that it is most useful one . 
  i believe every country must do their best to make their citizens fluent in this language , because it opens the doors of information and cultural exchange for everyone . 
  please do not get my comment to your reply wrong . 
  and thank for your good thoughts about my native language . 
  no they are not superior to any nation in the world as the opposite stands correct as well . 
  what am i saying is ; greek are the core of the good practices of europe . 
  simple , no need to overexagerate or misunderstand . 
  that is historical fact . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would be flattered if a country choose the turkish language as a useful tool and teach to kids but let 's be rationalist instead of nationalist ; teach your kids english , and english well . 
  it opens the door to be a world citizen , which is more important than anything else in this messed up world . 
  well if you ask me i would prefer amercan values over european ones , however what europe has positive today is thank to greek . 
  their history is the lockstone of the european culture . 
  of course rest of the continent added so much more to this values positively ( reformation , enlightment and revolutions etc. ), 
  but greek are the core of these values . 
  no , greece is the core of the european culture . 
  yea 0.07 would be catastrophnic although my older cuisin does n't look like he is getting married soon ( he has a ukranian gf at the moment , but no engagement or anything and if we consider he will get married 35 he wont have much desire to make more than one kid i suppose ) ( and my fiancee is polish . 
  well , their statistics suggests we wont have much kids either ), 
  very nice demonstration tough . 
  i wanted to write mine too . 
  - 1925-1940 granpas grannies ; 2 couples , 9 children ; 9/2 = 4.5 - 1960-1985 aunts/uncles/parents ; 8 couples , 15 children . 
  15/8 = 1.88 - 1985-2017 cousins/siblings/me ; 1 * couple , 1 children , 1/1 = 1 ( or is it 1/15 = 0.07 ?
