  armenia is not europe !, 
  well , i do not agree with my countryman . 
  being european is a vague but also in some extent de facto defined issue . 
  who lives up to roughly defined european culture is european and which countrirs has a significant majority of these kind of people are european countries , that is why russia as well an european country . 
  it is not that much about the land you sit on . 
  and the race or any kind of feature you have is not a measure of how european or how potentially european you are . 
  that is being said , i am blonde , and as i expressed perviously i do not see myself european . 
  which my ancestors majorly were from mainland europe , do not change this fact . 
  and also blonde hair is not anything unique to european continent that automatically defines you `` must be european '' . 
  aside i think finns and hungarians are of course european , and as a turk i do not identify myself european ; what does being blonde have anything with being european ?? 
  are siberians european or portugese asian/african ? 
  being belong to a `` parent culture '' such as european is bordered by concepts such language or religion history or shared historical tragedies etc , not racial or skin color make up . 
  skin color or eye color or curly hair/straight hair are just geographic features . 
  edit : sub-culture to parent culture, 
  it kinda sounds like izmarit which means cigarette butts in turkish : s, 
  oh , that is sad to hear . 
  post 1999 buildings in turkey has eq code applied especially the ones built after 2007 ( the law is updated ) . 
  however just in istanbul there are hundreds of tousands pre-1999 building just still waiting as potential coffins , sadly . 
  i totally see you , madness . 
  look i have a plan . 
  you ... us ... together ... invading ... poland . 
  i 've heard those sports do not have shaky shaky land . 
  if you are ready , fire the beacons on mount olympus , we will see your signal . 
  my family in izmir told me it was nothing like previous eqs , it was pretty intense . 
  at least there are no casualties , it is good . 
  alas , i know our structural condition would create a disaster if the magnitude was a little big higher . 
  i hope it does n't ever happen , but hope is not enough , we should be responsible and smart . 
  and i hope the situation is also good with greek fellas across the sea , and i hope at least they are taking necessary precautions for a worse situation because this geography is a potential killer . 
  ( i know we do not enough ), 
   the point is that ~ ~ every country ~ ~ * the most of the counties * that has a muslim majority punishes homosexuals harshly on basis of their religion, 
  imagine liechtenstein 's coastline if they conquered both . 
  they should consider that . 
  i am not saying taking action , but just consider . 
  impossible is nothing ^ tm, 
  well he has 4 on paper , but reality he has 3.25 kids . 
  probably he would say `` this archer one was a mistake '', 
  kaczynski is technically not the leader of the country ( or am i wrong ? 
  polish friends may fix me ) afaik duda is the president and szydlo is prime minister . 
  kaczynski is just the leader of the ruling party prawo i sprawiedliwosc . 
  we hope so , but truth is ; lots of people will die . 
  one day we will open the reddit again and will see all of this `` oh so sorry , turkey '' , `` be safe guys '' , `` what a tragedy '' post under a `` catastrophic eq in istanbul '' post . 
  because we are actually doing no shite to prevent it in turkey . . 
  it will be huge and it will be bloody and we are just waiting with all of our disguasting laziness and ignorance . 
  still , i hope the best . 
  civil engineer myself, 
  and also a little good foot massage does n't hurt anyone . . 
  it is kinda scary to see it has a increasing trend on the graph too . . 
  poland is like ; `` do n't touch me you freaking almost shaky slovakian bastard '', 
   as i figured , theresa may is taking the path to turkey 's erdo\u011fan ohh , that rookie just would wish ... 
  she was pretty bad . 
  however at least she was dumb enough , she did n't have chance to go worse even further . 
  i really like when woman be active on politics , be strong and present theirselves . 
  i especially like women to be pm ... except when it is uk and turkey . . 
  whenever these countries have female pm , shit goes wrong . 
  most of the red area in turkey has nothing to do with neither mediteranean region nor climate . 
  for f 's sake , they put all the black sea region under mediterranean region which is definately not , not even counting inner-west anatolia . 
  probably map is so simplistic . 
   iranians are relatively progressive compared to turks and arabs in terms of women-men relations brother , you really say that , honestly ? 
  i really do not understand how one can decide to do black propoganda over such issues , what is their goal in the world . . be proud of yourself !, 
  ok i will guess how to write this in latin based on my over ten years of physics education ; podosfairo ?? 
  in the other terms ; 3.14 odifferentialostressangleoffrictionalphaidensityo, 
  it i so dumb to consider a victory glorious or a defeat glorious . 
  it has been done and at the end people with two eyes killed other people with two eyes . 
  when majority of people understand to enjoy history with its reasons and consequences rather that taking it as a football match , i guess we will have a better future . 
  i do n't want to be side of any arguement , neither i think turkish minority is supressed in greece now , however your example of them having 3-5 pm is not working for anything . 
  there are 3-5 armenian pm , couple roma pm and sooo much kurdish pm , ministers and previously prime ministers and presidents in turkey . 
  head of opposition party in turkey is an alevite which are also minority in turkey . 
  if that is the case , no need to complain about turkey 's opression over minorities . 
  of course i do n't know that detailed . 
  but i thought as ; as soon as serbia join to eu , there will be obviously a solid prosperity increase as happened in late-joined countries such bulgaria and romania and also croatia . 
  and i knew as rs wants to rejoin with serbia already . 
  in this case would n't rs side think as '' oh well , serbia is getting a good way , and it is not possible us to reunite with them anymore under this circumstances , so why not a semi-unification under the umbrella of eu '' i assume bosnian bh site is already eager for eu . 
  so there wo n't be physical borders anymore , and with all the minority rights there will be a eu standart that may make serbians in bh happy , maybe ? 
  ( i honestly do not know the minority rights in bh , it can be good it can be bad , i am just ignorant in this case so i do not want to offend anyone ), 
  as soon as serbia be a eu member , rs wo n't be that much big issue anymore and bh will follow eu membership . 
  and it is clear that serbia will be an eu member way before turkey will be . 
  so in this case i see bh membership before turkey ( if turkey will ever be a member ) . 
  croatia is already a member . 
  this situation will ease the things in ex-yugo i believe since there will be less borders-psychology and enthusiasm of being belong to a union again together . 
  i say 10 years for serbia , and 15 years for bh . 
  because noone can steal tarkan , only he can steal you ( r heart with his dreamy moves and lovely voice ), 
  you existed . 
  you were a part of the empire . 
  that was the age of empires . 
  there were so limited nation states . 
  at some point the kings of yours have failed to defend their realm and the soil bulgarian people lives on passed to another realm . 
  beside that , bulgarian people were on this land for soo long already and they are still there . 
  ottomans were good , ottomans were bad , ottomans were evil ; that does n't change that presence of bulgrian people at that geography . 
  but if you are seeking for nation states , they have been fashion after french revolution . 
   ~ ~ poor ~ ~ poorer country then . 
  of course it is still poor . 
  still , better than those days . 
  probably . 
  i do not think at that time there were enough infastructure or classrooms for seperate-age classes . 
  poor country then . 
  awesome historical trivia !!!, 
  so much to learn really . . 
  you also may be right , too but i do not recall such a place . 
  i just thought galata since it is the most famous one . 
  galata , i suppose you refer .
