  not venetian but genoese it was . 
  well at the end they all are italians so you are right on the other hand . 
  wow , great news , great informations these are . 
  i am very proud of this particular situations . . 
  still as you say , in broad statistics things are not bright like this oc . 
  educated part of society is much more progressive than uneducated part of course . 
  will take some time i guess . 
  just came to back up this gentleman . . as a pretty kemalist and atheist person myself , yes i hate erdogan with all my heart , and i hate gulen prick even more of him . 
  and for all my life , even before erdogan was their enemy i was hating him and what he represents . 
  at the end , unfortunately , and not counting the last rigged referandum , erdogan is elected by the people of turkey democratically . 
  he uses his responsibility in a so bad way , betrays the constitution that give him a chance to be president of turkey , his words and actions hurts me and people that i share same beliefs and political view . 
  he is s shame of my country . 
  but gulen is an enemy of my country . 
  i hope the difference between is clear . 
  we are the hipsters of this topic , we hated gulen and what he represents and his fucktard supporters when it was cool . 
  i can not just pitty him just because another person i hate hates him . 
  this is not logic . 
  traditionally not associated with them part is not so fair ( even though the europeans see it that way ) . 
  historically turkish women always been active on rural areas , aggricultural works back than , when turkey was mosty an aggricultural country with no solid industry . 
  and than we could n't catch up the industrial revolution . 
  then europeans had this huge ww2 and their women worked on the absence of the males . 
  then they fought for their rights , they worked so hard for their rights also . 
  ( of course there were more women percentage even before ww2 in europe when you compare to turkey ) what i want to say is , turkish women were pretty much working as well , just not in big cities that much . 
  mostly rural , and turkey was a pretty rural country up to 80s . 
  universities ? 
  as far as i know it is not used for prayer call . 
  there is blue mosque just almost next to it , that may be it . 
  and there is another small mosque adjecent to it . 
  may be that too . 
  there is about 340 churches in turkey . 
  probably you forgot one zero . 
  what is the legal minimum salary in greece , like let say for a cashier in mcdonalds or helper in a store like zara ? 
  i also would add the saudi king ( faisal ? ), 
  to it too . 
  he is definately a 2.0 dictator too . 
  so that makes up to 9 hds . 
  however for the sake of science , we should consider the coefficients too . 
  the usa has some empirical coefficients . 
  1 ) ` muricah , land of freedom ^ tm coefficient ; 0.5 2 ) `` we just support them so we can bring the democracy '' delay ; 0.7 3 ) ben affleck effect ( we support dictators so we can shoot some movies about it , for the sake of art cause ) ; 0.6 so our equation gives ; 9x0 .5 x0 .7 x0 .6 = 1.89 dictator . 
  gosh , he is almost dictator as kimmy . 
  she is not a friend of erdogan ( or probably enemy ?? 
  ) , so it kinda makes her a neutral person in my book . . here is the math ; putin ; 1.25 dictator erdogan ; 1.0 dictator orban ; 0.25 dictator putin + orban-erdogan = 0.5 dictator she likes dictators half . . ( fyi kim boy is 2.0 dictator in this scale ) ps . 
  my book is something like 2 pages , nothing to take serious . 
  still we have the best view o. 0, 
  no , definately they do fall too . 
  still lower than the uneducated hordes . 
  i am afraid about the cycle as well though . 
  unfortunately human just learn by their mistakes , and sometimes they do not learn well or forget so quickly . 
  erdogan side is so strong with her , we should transfer her to `` no '' side !!, 
  of course . 
  it does n't matter . 
  erdogan is herbalife . 
  it does n't work for anything , but if you brand and advertise it well , people will buy it . 
  it will harm you but you will think that it helps because it is advertised as it will work . 
  and orban or kaczy\u0144ski , they are all the same thing with different brands for different type of their particular consumers . 
  education is all we need . 
  and get know other people . 
  the bubble they live in is one of the main reason of this . 
  no it is not right . 
  it is impossible to be right . 
  this people think that way because they are programmed to think that way . 
  no country or no nation can grow more powerful unless there is a wide-range ideas collaborating . 
  however , because of some group 's religious/culturous beliefs , other people 's freedom is restricted is not that cool either . 
  still , as i said , you are right . 
  turks in your country - mostly i guess - are specially picked folks from a special layer of the society . 
  you have n't needed educated people ( you already had ) , you have n't got educated turks . 
  you have needed workers , you have got workers . 
  of course there are lots of people as the european turks in turkey , just they are not that that much majority , they are just a layer of normal society . 
  that transgender lady ( i assume , however she told she is gay , not sure ) is hilarous . 
  she should give her hat to erdogan , that would be cool . 
  the most expensive one you mentioned , can easily make you think it is just a real photo , maybe a black-white one that is colored lately . 
  really masterpiece . . awesome . 
  i am just ignorant , and wonder what are those small island-shape lands right over the georgia ? 
  are they any weird status parts in russia and left intentionally or just a photoshop accident ? 
  is there any information about that part of russia that is worth to know about ? 
  btw , make rossija clay again !, 
  i know this town , you find your love there !, 
  it is just r/europe buddy , just r/europe being r/europe . 
  so basicly , who is closer to switzerland is richer ? 
  yea , true . 
  i guess i made an extra comment which does n't even needed in that context . 
  yes they are . 
  if i am not wrong they are also minority by constitution but i may be wrong . 
  my family is albanian immigrants three generation ago ( not counting me ) . 
  i wouldnt say albenians are integrated but assimilated . 
  in my case , and albenian turks ' case it is not even a little bit problem tho . 
  the last speaker of albenian language was my grandmother and they have n't even tought it to my dad . 
  because they were uneducated , basic farmers , when they came here they just became turkish . 
  sometimes i feel like it would be good to pass the language to other generations but right now i am sure i have so little in common with an albenia albenian ( my family is from kosovo ) , and i am basicly a turk . 
  it is just life . 
  also , i agree now most hated immigrants are syrians . 
  armenians are not immigrants , they are locals already , and most of the time the armenian hater turks had never ever met with an actual turkey armenian in their life . 
  they know such low about them . 
  you can not easily differantiate an istanbul armenian than an ethnic turk until you hear their name . 
  hate towards armenians is just out of stupid ignorance and historic brainwash . 
  syrians probably have more hard times here because first , we have this deep arabic hate subconciously , second we will never be able to integrate them with our education or welfare system . 
  and tbh syrians are not helping either ( because most of the educated ones fleed to europe already ), 
  in decreasing order ; 1 ) 1999 istanbul earthquake 2 ) akp and erdogan 3 ) 1980 coup d'etat, 
  who would n't love greek . 
  most of the fish names or naval terms are greek in turkish .
