  especially in my hometown there are more used . 
  however we indirectly adopted televizyon by french . 
  yeap , still greek . 
   zsebemben sok kicsi alma van i have read this somewhere . 
  `` there is a very little ? 
  apple in my pocket '' , right ? 
  as i say , you can grab the topic but ca n't understandt it totally of course  telephone is a machine . 
  television channels and shows are not as much effective as social media for the new generation . 
  touristic attractions and tourists are determined according to economical and social index . 
  is it a goal ? 
  out ... david beckham is in the stadium , it is announced . 
  supporters are up . 
  manchester united 's manager will try to preserve the score . 
  well this words are borrowed words since turkish is not a iel . 
  and some of these words has turkish equivelances already such ; jenerasyon - kusak sosyal - toplumsal efektif - etkili atraksiyon - gosteri economic - parasal vs. 
  but televizyon is televizyon since there is no equivelant of it in turkish . 
  like all contemprory inventions or inovations or terms . 
  '' gol mu ? 
  manchester united teknik direktoru skoru korumaya cal\u0131\u015facak '' i do n't think any english speaker can understand those sentences but may have a grasp of what is the topic . 
  mom ; 20 dad ; 25 it is really good to have young parents , after all they feel like friends in lots of topics . 
  i am on the other hand is 29 and will get married next year and god knows when will i have kids . 
  i guess this is our new standart now . 
  mom ; 20 dad ; 25 it is really good to have young parents , after all they feel like friends in lots of topics . 
  i am on the other hand is 29 and will get married next year and god knows when will i have kids . 
  i guess this is our new standart now . 
  i am almost sure bre does n't have anything with arabic and have a little with turkish . 
  indeed it could be popularized by turkish immigrant , because it is a common expression on thrace and particular western regions of turkey but it is known that it has slavic roots . 
  bre and vre is mostly used by balkan immigrants in turkey or the habitants of thrace region . 
  so that word is probably has no connection with arabic . 
  may be introduced by turkish immigrants in sweden but it is more possible it is introduced by balkan immigrants . 
  and in turkish it is not used as a equivalent to bro . 
  maybe it does in slavic languages . 
  it turkish is has no meaning , it is just and supplementary word specific to one regional dialect of turkish . 
  no , of course not , in my opinion less population countries are always better . 
  but the point is not much people in a country-less people in a country . 
  it is about economic sustainability . 
  when population gets older , workforce decreases while you need to sustain basic benefits for your increased elder population such as pension fees and their potentially big health care expenses etc. 
  yea this trend thing is real . 
  i remember during 90s we had so many latin soup operas , mid 2000s american sit-coms have been so popular ( they were always there but young population had more tools to reach them not just via internet but also by mainstream tv channels ) , recently i saw some chinese drama ( empire era something ) and even indian soup opera which is really weird in turkey . 
  oh you refer to kurtlar vadisi ( valley of wolves ) . 
  nope , that shit is so different . 
  while ezel is a decent tv series ( was so popular during its air in turkey and to be honest it is a quality production ) , kurtlar vadisi is almost pure propoganda tv show and than movies for nationalistic and conspiracy feelings of turkish people who wants to see turkey as a game changer country and `` everybody is against us because we are right and the best '' mentality . 
  so kurtlar vadisi is just a propoganda tool which akp favors and is so popular by their pool of voters while ezel is a decent quality production by aiming only entertainment . 
  -- clockwise -- admires ; georgia ; their wines armenia ; honestly do not know much about their country . 
  their music ? 
  iran ; their ancient history iraq ; almost nothing syria ; nothing greece ; their ancient history and food bulgaria ; honestly do not know much about their country , but i remember i supported them on world cup 1994 . . and they gave us an amount of good footballer during 90s and 00s . 
  hates ; georgia ; nothing much , they seem pretty chill . 
  armenia ; the tension between us . 
  iran ; their theocracy iraq ; nothing much syria ; nothing much greece ; the tension between us bulgaria ; nothing much also there is a ~ 5km border with azerbaijan and they are similar to us so , i like their funny accent ( or language in other view ) , i do n't hate anything with them . 
  i am working with many of them in construction business , beside they are very warm and friendly people i will just tell two stereotypes i came across with them ; 1 ) most of them have no ambition . 
  they do not care about so much money and choose less responsibility jobs . 
  i have two friends who are actually electrical engineers but work as mechanics . 
  2 ) they freaking love partying . 
  they know how to enjoy the life and they also do not show their ages . 
  beside that stereotypes i met good filipinos and bad filipinos ( also filipinas ) , but i can easily say good ones are majority , filipinos are really good friends . 
  til there is a word in english as bilge . 
  well it is not super common name in turkey but i personally know at least 2 bilge 's . 
  btw it is pronounced as bill-geh ( g of grand ) in turkish . 
  i see your point . 
  that makes me question this figures for europe also . 
  how do they find this figures ? 
  i mean france has open border with all of its neighbours ( switzerland ? ), 
  so it means no passport checking no counting etc. 
  do they also count hotel records , rv parking lot records etc ? 
  aborcja is prohibited in polska !, 
  i really love name `` deniz '' which means sea and since it is unisex , no problem if i had a son or daughter . 
  however my kid ( s ) will be both turkih and polish ( and also american ) , so there should be another name for that catagory . 
  it is better if my wife chooses this name . 
  still i like names mateusz ( matthew ) and olivia or elizabeth . 
  well , my wife would know better that . 
  and if we have a second child as a daughter , i would really like layla ... 'cause eric fucking clapton . 
  ( turkish way of it is leyla but probably layla would be better to eradicate further name confussions ), 
  cypriots can not vote on turkish elections . 
  it gives you goosebumps . 
  best ever . 
  but lyrics wise soviet version is superior imho . 
  do n't think so . 
  these territories would eventually be as same as what adiyaman or bitlis is now . 
  turkey was and is a secular republic for 94 years now , how did it helped adiyaman or bitlis or siirt . 
  and these lands probably would bring more trouble to an unindustrialized nation rather than profits . 
  most of these petrol rich countries has money and some of them has wealth but almost non of them has better conditions for their citizens or corrupted in a way . 
  turkey already has so many potential to make money and be prosperous , only thing we lack is quality people ( eventually quality education of people ) . 
  adding bunch of uneducated , tribal hordes of middle east would n't bring anything better to be honest , we already have enough of in our own people and refugees . 
  example ; syrian refugees . 
  and even if there is one , i would n't want to go to his heaven . 
  i do not like hypocrite beings . 
  `` never compromise , not even in the face of armageddon '', 
  not exactly stereotype but ; * true : we are europeans * false : we are europeans, 
  of course . 
  that explanation is very logical . 
  still , i have another question . 
  since sweden is a pretty coastal country , and i assume sea life and sea food should be an important part of culture , right ? 
  i would expect that immigrants to settle on coastal parts more instead the mid-west . 
  but at the end i know sooo little about sweden to be honest and even less about swede-americans . 
  so swedes moved from a mostly poor , cold and miserable place to ... minnesota . . 
  they should at least try georgia , or florida , 
  nope , quarter pounder . 
  my fiancee is from rzesz\u00f3w . 
  it should be one of the most conservative part of poland , as i know . 
  still i have n't live any major incident there .
