  not compared to the prize armenians paid of course . 
  such a legacy for a huge empire and such a shame . 
  i am happy that you understand the psychology behind this . 
  i was correcting one of your expression , that is it . 
  beside that , i hate to know that there are lots of people in turkey as you mention . 
  there are lots of people who hates armenians and rationalize this action towards them . 
  i believe they are not the vast majority but i must be fair to say they are there . 
  there is no excuse to praise this type of people , under no condition . 
  this is aside , i wanted to point what an ordinary turk and turkish governments ( i am intentionally not using the term akp , because this is common for all turkish goverments ) thinks about this topic . 
  genocide is a crime against humanity , massacres are a crime against humanity and forced replacements are a crime against humanity . 
  just , they are all not the same thing . 
  intention behind them is different . 
  ottoman empire is guilty of its this very action because whatever the intention was , it still created a huge and unfixable tragedy in hukan history . 
  we call it genocide or not . 
  the discussion is if it is genocide or not . 
  for sake of being fair , it is never an issue of `` nothing ever happened in 1915 '' by turkish governments . 
  the only point is turkish governments do not classify it as an genocide . 
  the only discussion part of it if it was an genocide or not . 
  when i was in high school ( 12 years ago ) it was even in history books . 
  biased and sided but it was there . 
  so the case is not turkey claims nothing happened at all . 
  the only thing the parties do not find a common base is if it is genocide or not . 
  and historians discuss this , however some governments do not even let you to discuss . 
  so saying `` here is a huge pushback from the turkish government and people that it * ever happened at all * . '', 
  is not fair . 
  everyone knows that one of the biggest tragedies of the human history is happened in that year to armenians . 
  yes even the turkish government and turkish people ( aside nationalistic shits ) knows and recognize that . 
  beside that , they do not consider it in the terms of genocide . 
  no reason to delete at all of course . 
  here is a clear version then ; i have no problem by banning of praising the idea of genocide of course . 
  example ; `` you should kill this x people whole '' i have no problem by banning of praising of an existing genocide/massacre/tradegy . 
  example `` i am happy x have been genocided '' i have no problem by banning of rationalizing a genocide/masacre/tragedy . 
  example ; `` yea , x has been genocided but they deserved it by doing y '' but i do not believe in ban for saying for example `` i , for a reason , do not think this is classified as genocide/massacre/tragedy '' and what i wanted to express at the first place is ; when the last example i gave is banned , it creates a path for a hate speech for the second party . 
  than it becomes so normal for those ones to use expressions as `` turks genocided armenians '' . 
  like all turks are responsible of this event . 
  it ultimately creates the perception of `` yes turks are genocidals '' . 
  this leads the path of thinking `` sure , turks genocided armenians , arent they evil already '' . 
  and guess what does it leads ? 
  surprise , it is not peacekeeping . 
  r/europe is my most active sub . 
  and one can be sure , that it is what we have in this sub . 
  i am not against to the criticizing of political bodies/countries/empires etc. 
  i am not against criticizing the actions of these bodies . 
  i am not against criticizing the actions of mass of nations . 
  but if our purpose is keeping the peace by banning genocide denial , than it is hypocrite to not see what these encourages in this sub ( and in real life already ) i believe everyone has right to defend itself and every nation does so . 
  if you just say `` no i wo n't listen you all because my idea is set on stone for sake of pewcekeeping and my views on you will be based on this event i decided is true '' , than there is something wrong . 
  with one side of the medal , what you say is rational . 
  however you do not see the other side of the medal tbh . 
  under this sub or lots of subs , it is so common to find the expressions like `` turks genocided armenians '' , `` you first answer how you genocided armenians '' etc. 
  this things are never a cause of ban or even a reaction of common sense . 
  please tell me how does this help our `` holy peacekeeping mission '' ? 
  on humanist base , i agree almost everything with your comment . 
  however the reality is not that simple . 
  please comfort me by saying `` this expressions does n't help any to hatred towards turks '' . 
  let 's not fool anyone , if banning something is what the powerful one wants , than it is banned . 
  there is no logic behind it . 
  my own country does this on lots of topics and i hate it with all my heart . 
  when europeans does it , i have no aim to like it , too . 
  yes , could 've been , but those persecutions , tragedies and maybe we call some of them as massacres ? 
  are not genocide in term . 
  as far as i know there is no genocide committed against turkish . 
  you were referring armenian ? 
  surprisingly this is not the case . 
  i know it sounds weird but , in his prime ministry kurdish language had more freedom like having a channel on government owned tv , widespread kurdish education , university departments on kurdish language etc. 
  and i have personally heard that he called turkish as an `` unefficient and unsuficciant language '' ( because he likes to lick arabs and their language ) so , as a anti-tayyip myself i can see him as a disgrace to turkish language so easily . 
  why he does n't want to learn english then ?? 
  probably he is uncapable of , that 's why . 
  it is already ambiguous whether he has a bachelor 's degree . 
  he is not much an intelligent man . 
  he brags how he does not read any book in his personal life . 
  that is a masterpiece of erdoganish literature at the best . 
  the art , the taste of it . 
  it is like reading crime and punishment in russian . 
  thank you for sharing the beauties of this beautiful language . 
  problem in istanbul is it expanded too much `` too quickly '' . 
  and the non-quality of the responsibles of that time did n't help it either which let super ghettos and slums . 
  istanbul is doomed to expand . 
  but if it could be expanded in long run rather than couple decades and with a good management it would be different . 
  unfortunately it is now a big shame to its precious and beautiful history . 
  sorry he does n't have this expressions in erdoganish so you can not tell him that . 
  when you say this it is auto corrected to `` we are the helal highways , they are jealous our helal highways . 
  they are nazi , we are the best '' you really should have a english ( nazi language ) - erdoganish ( best language ) dictionary to understand what i mean . 
  the answer is hidden in question . 
  it should n't be that hard to find the answer . 
  when you are a world leader , the world have to talk your language . 
  in this particular case ; erdoganish . 
  one should n't worry , it is so easy to learn . 
  something like `` we are the best , everyone is nazi , they are jealous of us , we built highways '' it is not that hard to communicate with him tbh . 
  to be fair , we can not say `` belgians killed 10 million people '' . 
  it sounds like belgian nation is full responsible of this . 
  he was a monarch and most of the time , nations does not have any power to assign a monarch or be responsible of what they did since they had so much power . 
  well basicly who did this crime against humanity were belgians in nationality but not the ones who are regular people of this country . 
  however , in my opinion the sad part is europeans forget how they become what they are now . 
  you are wealthy compared to other nations of the world . 
  you are developed and having better civilizations now . 
  but this has happened not just how you were smart and hardworking but also with sucking the other parts of the world and sorry to say that but `` stealing '' from other people . 
  i mean an ordinary belgian person did n't have any fault with what happened in congo . 
  but this ordinary person got richer by what happened in congo . 
  and this particular ordinary person got a better edication thanks to that . 
  improved himself .
