  if this gulen prick had succeeded , we would not have that . 
  and turkey has a strong secular , western-like ( i hate this expression but whatever ) , democratic and republican population . 
  thats why erdogan will never be successful about his full dictatorship dream . 
  he couldnt , he wont . 
  he only satisfy his disguasting ego , he makes a fortune , he makes his surrounding millionairs if not billionaires . 
  but thats all . 
  we are the guarantee of modern turkish republic . 
  he wont be able to ruin these ideas in our heart . 
  so if erdogan is -1000 , this gulen guy is -100000 . 
  thats why we are standing against him as a whole country . 
  i am an opposition supporter ( chp-leftist secular party ) , for like 30 years we were saying '' this gulen prick is so dangerous , he wants to demolish secular republic and establish a shithole like iran w ; th homeyni '' gulen is opposition to only the modern values and human rights of turkish republic . 
  noone is sacking opposition . 
  erdogan is suppressing us ? 
  yea he does because he is a prick . 
  does erdogan make us silent ? 
  yea he has plenty of media and paper and companies that doesnt let us express our thoughts much . 
  still turkey has a strong democratic background that how much erdogan rapes it , we still are represented . 
  we still have a voice . 
  and erdogan is elected democratically so it means he may be gone democratically too , and one day he will go and turkish republic will still survive . 
  but this gulen cunt is a total threat . 
  he is against democracy . 
  any kind of coup is against democracy . 
  and there is no way to get rid them off and set up the democracy again after them . 
  yea we hate erdogan , we hate his dictotorial shit , still he is an elected president . 
  he came with democracy and he will go with democracy . 
  gulen is only opposition to my beautiful , this way or that way secular , this way or that way free country . 
  gulen was never into politics but still did all of his things underground . 
  like a venom in your veins . 
  he worked for 40 years for his plans over turkey . 
  dont get me wrong , this situation is not enough for me , i want more freedom , i want more human rights , i want more voice , i want to live my life in a more free , more democratic and more rich turkey , and this will happen without erdogan , when erdogan is gone it will be better . 
  but as being a passionate supporter of the biggest opposition party of turkey , i dont fucking want that gulen prick . 
  he is poison . 
  edit : and do you know why gulen couldnt succeed the coup attempt ? 
  because when he started the flame he thought the kemalist secular soldiers will join to his attempt also because of our hatred towards erdogan . 
  but kemalist soldiers didnt support the coup . 
  they gave this gulen prick the middle finger . 
  because yea we hate erdogan but we love our country . 
  and little david is made resignated of pm , by erdogan after his fail over syria and russia politics and honeymoon with eu . 
  and there is already a whisper around that david is actually pro-gulenist and that is why he has been made resigned by erdogan . 
  so for russian payment , both orderer and doer of plane shoot-down is punished . 
  true , then geography does not mean much . 
  that is all i am saying . 
  there are lots of reasons to not take turkey to eu and there are a few reasons to take it in . 
  but geography is not any of them . 
  it is silly to consider geography as a reason to not let turkey into eu . 
  ( besides border with syria and iraq and isis and iran and andandand ) but you got my point . 
  if nowadays turkish soil was a part of the greece and only greeks were living in turkey soil , greece still would be an eu member . 
  so , geography is not important . 
  no , turkey is neither culturally nor ideologically part of europe . 
  everyone knows that . 
  i did n't already say anything against it . 
  all i do not get is , why would it be a problem for a country to be in asia ( especially so close to europe one ) as long as you have the values of europe ? 
  if it is a problem , why cyprus and malta are members ? 
  clear ? 
  beside all you counted are true , why would you care if turkey is mostly in asia geographically ? 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  cyprus is in asia geographically . 
  malta is in africa geographically . 
  israel is in asia totally but still more european than turkey and would be a eu member so easily i guess . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#migration i could n't understand your point unfortunately . 
  on the link above , you can see how many illegal immigrants europe had in 2014 and how many of them is turkish immigrants ( turkish passport holders , turkish citizens ) . 
  well you ca n't see because evenif we assume there is illegal immigration from turkey to europe it is less than 7000 people obviously . 
  and guess what , europe is about to visa-free albania soon , who gave almost 9000 illegal immigrants in 2014 . 
  well if you are talking about german turks , french turks , dutch turks etc , they are not illegal , they are rightful citizens of those countries . 
  they have been called by very itself of those countries to create a working force . 
  and if it is the case that turks will flow to europe after visa-free travel , well they would do it while all these poor syrians are doing , looks like it is not that hard to pass to greece from western anatolia . 
  and apperantly these starving turks did n't do it . 
  man , what you say is really weird . 
  not the part that germany has bad experience with turkish `` guest '' workers . 
  it is obvious that turkish germans are problematic and could n't managed well regard of assimilation . 
  that is not my point . 
  the point is when germany desperately needed to workforce , they called turkish workers . 
  noone said that they will be `` guests '' or anything . 
  they went there to make money . 
  while they do make money they established a life there , they had kids and friends and a new life . 
  after a worker works for 20 years for that country how can you say him that he is a guest and should go home now . 
  why ? 
  because i fixed my shit with your help and it is my country already so i dont need you anymore . 
  if that was case , than germany should not give them citizenship at the first place . 
  uae does that , i work there , and doesnt matter if i work there for 50 years or my kids born there neither me nor my kids will have uae citizenship and will leave country at a point . 
  germany didnt do that . 
  so it is not fair to call them `` guest '' workers . 
  they went there to be a part of german country . 
  if you ask my honest opinion ; germany should have never get turks as workforce . 
  idk why they did . 
  it was a wrong choise since europe is pretty racist and inviting that much muslim wont help to this old fashioned europe tradition . 
  german turks are not like turks neither germans . 
  they are like living in a limbo . 
  well , your country ( ies ) your rules . 
  i just wanted to make a point about why the current visa regime does n't make much sense or the scares . 
  those you want , tend to get in anyway of course by waiting on visa line and paying some more money ( when i said 100 dollar i guess euro zone people thinks that is 80 euro , not much money . . 
  it makes almost 300 liras in turkey , a quarter of minimum wage ) . 
  as i said , your countries your rules . 
  it is not that hard to get a shengen or british visa as you may think for a normal turkish citizen . 
  it is not like your embassies are rejecting majority that wants visa . 
  what they ask is your paycheck info for 3 months , and a little money on bank account to show that you can buy a ticket back to your country . 
  for example me , got polish shengen , was working in a construction company for 3 months as civil engineer , earn around 800 dollars . 
  had a saving in bank around 400 dollars . 
  bought my ticket and booked my hostel - which i canceleld later - and got the visa . 
  they had gave me before too .
