  i just know that i should be careful while there are weird/hooliganistic/skinhead people . 
  other than that i find polish people nice , just some of them are ignorant about other cultures , thats all . 
  one can not tell where i am from just by looking my apperance easily since the turkish stereotype does not reflect the turkish people totally always . 
  but when i talk with people , you sometimes have all this questioning eyes and some weird questions , but as i say we are already used to these kind of things . 
  as long as there is no physical assault , i do not care about this minor things anymore . 
  polish people in general are pretty nice people . 
  i know my family-in-law are . 
  and i met really nice people all around poland  ps . 
  not muslim myself . 
  and i do not plan to live in poland , not because anything against poland or polish people which i love by all my heart , just because of my job and other things . 
  however i spend a good time of year in poland with my family-in-law as much as i can have off of work . 
  in gdansk , some hooligan types asked me if i am black ( czarny ) . 
  i said no . 
  then he asked if i am a jew . 
  and i said no . 
  i did n't tell them i am turkish because it might led to a very dangerous path . 
  i was with my fiancee , she is polish . 
  she had told them to get education . 
  they were a little tipsy though . 
  than they chased us a little bit until the tram ( this happened in a beach in gdansk where tram goes and a little remote place ) . 
  other than that , i never had a situation in europe , particularly in poland very serious beside what an average turk can have , we are mostly used to other minor stuff . 
  btw , i am pretty light skin , brunet guy . 
  idk where this black question came from . 
  they are even weirder than first emigrants . 
  at the end , first generation is what we were at that times ( 60s , 70s ) . 
  however 2nd and 3rd generation grew up in europe , saw turkey once every year if not any , just by seeing mostly their parent 's village . 
  most of them are degenerated in a bad way . 
  and their life view is somewhat irritting for me . 
  if i see someone that emigrated to my country , i expect them to adapt to my country , integrate and do not couse problems . 
  and if you start to live in turkey ( permanent immigration of course , not expatriates ) , i expect you to see this country as your realy country , otherwise do not bother to come here ( i do not mean to suppress all their ethnic background , just adapt to native people ) . 
  in case of european turks i would expect the same too , because i am not a hypocrite . 
  i have n't seen east of ankara . 
  not planning , too . 
  saw almost all cities in the west , except thrace . 
  first wave emigrants were those ones called to western europe as workforce . 
  most of them were uneducated hordes of villagers or townmen . 
  well , i guess i do not even need to make a comment about them . 
  ( and to be fair at that time most of the turkey was uneducated as much as them ) then , those people kept taking their uneducated rural fellows more into their new countries . 
  well that did n't end well for these new countries as well . 
  new emigration wave is less mass , since it is the brain-immigration of educated turks to mostly to the usa . 
  now emigration from turkey is not that huge , pretty low numbers . 
  also there are kurdish citizens that emigrated to europe under political asylum etc. 
  i do not know how are the numbers now . 
  all overall , the most of the european turks are pretty low quality people . 
  you can easily spot them when they come to turkey ( and i am not saying all of the turkish turks are so quality people , but most of these european turks are even weird for us here ) . 
  i am sure there are an amount of integrated and quality turks live there , too . 
  but that is what the majority i tell . 
  they are not coming back to turkey . 
  they are enough hypocrites to do that . 
  they are not fully turkish anymore , neither fully european . 
  they mostly have a pathetic and disguasting nationalistic tendencies which is not more than pittyful in my view . 
  and full of hypicrisy . 
  my fellow countrymen can downvote me as much as they want because i said that . 
  mostly new american turks are pretty quality people , educated and integrated . 
  european ones are , well i said what i needed to say . 
  and there are real expats all over the world which are not immigrants already . 
  they are mostly educated , quality people that goes around for short term projects or assignments . 
  lottery and sports bets are legal however they are government owned monopolies . 
  for other kind of gamblings people usually goes to georgia or northern cyprus if not any . 
  some people does illegal online sports bets or online casino too , but it is always risky that you will get your money back since it is illegal and companies can bully you over on this easily . 
  sports bets , especially football ones are crazy though . 
  ( legal one ), 
  and romans like pants . . mutual benefit . . 
  in izmir the place i always go i pay ; 3 beers - 36 liras ( 10 $ ) fries/chips - 12 liras ( 3.5 $ ) kebab - 9 liras ( 3 $ ) taxi - 15/20 liras ( 5 $ ) total is 21.5 $ i get drunk so easily . . 
  of course jk , do n't listen to me already , i am just playing so much euiv nowadays . . 
  if i were a greek , and somehow a war started with turkey , and somehow turkey is defeated , i would not want to stop there ... alexander v2 .0 baby !!, 
  wait for it india !, 
  would n't be wrong totally . . 
  as long as she does not start to support erdogan , vote yes and call dutch nazi , nope there is no problem by my side . . 
  he has such a cool name . . 
  i wish my name was yes too . 
  i am jealous of this guy . 
  i do eat pork , however most of the time just prefer bacon or delicatessens such kielbasa or pepperonni ( i do not like the taste of plain pork meat , or may say , do not prefer them over other red meat types ) is your friend fasting during ramadan or just celebrate the eid ( holiday ) of ramadan ? 
  why would he fast if he is not religious ? 
  fasting is a religious practice while celebrating the holiday is celebrating a holiday . 
  even some religious people do hesitate to fast . 
  of course idk your friend , but i do not eat fish ( hate it even though i live seaside ) but there is no religious motivation behind this . 
  maybe it is something like this . 
  but to be fair ; what is it in reality is probably even though he is atheist , he could n't break the prejudice of turkish culture 's approach to pork . 
  edit : i also got curious , what else he does that muslims do ? 
  go to mosque ?? 
  if so , a really weird fella , 
  it is not but we all like your ocean and dances , and didier drogba . 
  and of course the ivories too . 
  i assume he is a romanian and doing a flag-pun . 
  my fiancee is polish/american ( her parents are polish immigrants which lives in poland again ) . 
  dated since 2010 , got engaged this christmas , we will be husband and wife next summer . 
  i am an apatheist , and my family is pretty secular muslims ( dad is atheist , mom sometimes practices the religion sometimes not but afraid of god , surrounding family is secular muslims ) . 
  still culture is there , it is still different than what she got used to of course , but it has never been a big issue ( because at the core , it does n't differ pretty much on your daily life if youa re an european or turkish if you are not conservative , very conservative or religious fuck ) . 
  she and my mom was getting together great . 
  ( i am saying `` was '' because since we are getting married now , my mom started to release the `` turkish mom monster '' which she professionally managed to keep a secret all the time  yea but still not big issues are happening that may affect our relationship . 
  her side is catholic of course . 
  at the beginning of the relationship , his dad was not in favor of me because ... i am turkish . 
  now we get fine . 
  since he understood that we are serious on this shit , he is more acceptable towards me . 
  ( he suggested that we should react the siege of vienna on the wedding day , i should wear a mustache and fez and he shoud wear as a winged hussar like jan sobieski ... yeap ) they have worries like naturally like ; * will the kid be circumsized * which religion will the kid be rised * will he be baptized * will i cover her , and make her a housewife and marry to 3 more woman ( hehehe joking oc ... but ... ) my parents has worries too oc ; * will she take him to europe and we wont se him again ( i am working mostly in middle east like dubai ) * will she cook well to my baby boy * will they let the kid be circumsized * will she drink af and beat our baby boy ( hehehe kidding again ... but ... ) since i am not religious at all , and my fiancee is less religious , i do not care about any of these issues at all . 
  kid is circumsized or not , baptized or not does n't mean anything to me . 
  i love my fiancee and that is the most important thing . 
  you have a beautiful country and language , it would be a shame if i was not learning . 
  my fiancee is polish .
