  i gave her 2 zloty but she said no . 
  she asked can you come to biedronka with me and buy diapers for the baby . 
  and i felt guilty somehow and went to biedronka with her . 
  than she started to put all the supplies to her shopping bag . 
  oil , toothbrush , etc. 
  i didnt know what to do , i told her ok i will buy oil and diapers but not anything more , to wszystko , to wszystko ... she kinda cheated me good , on the cash , i just paid oil and diaper but at that time she was trying to put a hello kitty doll to the shopping bag . 
  they really know their business . 
  myslovitz - d\u0142ugo\u015b\u0107 d\u017awi\u0119ku samotno\u015bci well , i speak some polish but not that much fluent . 
  we shot their plane down , they accidentally bombed the building three turkish soldiers died in , their embassador is assasinated in turkey on a art show in front of dozens police , by a police , they banned turkish companies is russia and blocked their turists to come here ... we are good actually . 
  yea  and the funny part is , i realized that when i want to show my friends how a turkish person speaks english with heavy turkish accent , i can not imitate that anymore eventhough once i was speaking in that way . 
  like , i can not show how a heavy turkish accent is . 
  when i try to do that , it looks so artificial . 
  it is a weird case . 
  started in primary school with , well ... turkish english . . the teacher was turkish of course and probably she had a basic turkish accent . 
  than in high school we started to learn with oxford press materials ( text books and audios/videos ) . 
  so , british english for 1 +3 years ( one year only english language education ) . 
  however teachers were still turkish as i recall with a decent accent ( still turkish accent of course ) than in university american accented materials ( 1 +4 years ) ( again one year is only english language classes ) . 
  and on bachelor courses , some of my professors were the ones who had masters or doctorate in usa . 
  some of them had good accents . 
  however still turkish accent . 
  ( all courses on my bachelor program was in english , it was an english education engineering faculty ) my fiance is american . 
  she does n't know turkish . 
  i am working in dubai in some months of the year , and most of my native speaker bosses and colleagues are either british , irish , scottish or indian . 
  so , i can say i have a pretty fucked accent . 
  i mostly speak americanized turkish accent while somewords that i learnt back than in high school sounds more in british accent ( especially the ones end with an - r sound as here , there , far etc. . ) . 
  and when i am at work , it kinda switches to british one , and even sometimes i do some harmony like the scottish colleagues . 
  but roughly i speak closer to american accent , you can not understand where is my accent from but you can definately understand i have an alien accent to american or british . 
  its understandable they romanticize , if they want to know somethjng about it their main source is mainstream media , not details . 
  as a everyday turk what i know about brazil is football and carniaval . 
  like that . 
  i assume wrong then . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  good that everyday europeans know their existance . 
  however they kinda know them in a romantic manner i guess . 
  there is no one bloc of kurdish people as you describe . 
  just nowadays he is some dick . 
  he has an important referandum of presidency in front if him soon . 
  he has to deal with turkish nationalists , and god knows turkish nationalist like some millitary action towards pkk ( in case of you do not know what is pkk ; it is a terrorist organization basicly wants freedom of the zone where mostly populated by kurdish ) . 
  and since the pkk is also located in the kurdish cities , there have been clashes and bombing of cities and so on . 
  since i am turkish , i can tell the story biased so it is better if you check it online from unbiased sources . 
  and yea prior to his political shift on kurdish issue , kurdish were happy with erdogan ( aprt those if leftist and social democrate ones but they were opposed to erdogan same way a turkish leftist or social democrate is ) . 
  today kurdish people can learn their language freely and it is supported already in turkey . 
  they are all genuine turkish republic citizens . 
  since the befinning of the republic they always had election rights . 
  they have always been in parliament , and government . 
  they have been prime minister and president . 
  there are now as always kurdish mp and ministers . 
  yea erdogan is dick to some of them . 
  and some of them just love erdogan ( still i assume not majority of them in germany , but a pretty portion of them in turkey ) erdogan 's dickness is not much related to etnicity . 
  it 's about his political life . 
  as far as i know , up to recently with all this isis issues , they havent much know about you . 
  reason is , kurdish in europe are mostly the one who migrated from turkey . 
  they hold turkish passport and dual citizens of turkish republic . 
  of course not all of them , most of them . 
  so if they are not that informed , in their eyes kurdish are turks . 
  probably most of them does n't aware of you are a different etnicity and share a same language ( with distance dialect tough ) , culture and traditions all over the geographies of parts of turkey , iraq , syria and iran . 
  of course now it is more in mainstrem media and they know there is a kurdish etnicity in this geography . 
  prior to that , kurdish were on european media just for the issues in turkey and discrimjnation news etc. 
  but i assume an everyday european would just think of a arabic-turkish kind of something that lives in middleeast . 
  no offense but you are mixing it up . 
  this fella is from iraqi kurdistan . 
  erdogan 's one of the rarest ally nowadays . 
  he and barzani is pretty buddies and erdogan does not have any problem with iraqi kudistan government neither with their people . 
  erdogan is a dick to mostly a part of the kurds in turkey ( the ones who are not alligned with him ) and nowadays with the ones in syria . 
  facts are more beautiful when they are accurate . 
  brothels are legal in turkey , street prostitution and other kinds are illegal for both buyer and seller . 
  however you may see many street prostitution various places , especially in istanbul . 
  the law is not strongly executed on this topic . 
  legal brothels are tax payers , controlled in case of hygene and crime etc by goverment ( still i am not sure if it is done properly or turkish way ) . 
  i am pretty sure how much they are controlled , still workers there probably abused or trafficed . 
  governemnt probably is letting brothels to ease the life of sex workers and do n't make streets and illegality only choise for them . 
  i do not know how successful is government on this issue , but yeah this is the situation in turkey . 
  beside that there were a huge human traffic from ex communist countries and i am pretty sure it is still the case . 
  society of course does n't like the idea of legal prostitution but still they are the ones that use this service . 
  especially muslim men of course . 
  because this way or that way sex is not a taboo that much anymore between more seculars and atheists but it is not that easy for conservative societies where sex is a taboo and they have hormones too . 
  and also sickly , going to prostitution first time counts as being offically man in most of rural areas and even in cities of course . 
  well societies are hypocritical at the end , its more visible in turkey . 
  last year in southern poland , while i was crossing the street there were a fight , four over-sized mascular , shaved head guys were fighting each other bare top . 
  they were out of their cars and trafic is just clogged . 
  they fight for a while and than got in their cars and had a car chase for a while as long as i could observe . 
  it was daylight . 
  but its not much '' wtf '' story i guess , may happen anywhere . 
  and in gdansk , we went to a beach with tramway . 
  there three guys ( in sport outfits and drinking beer ) was sitting the next bench while i was sitting and tieing my sholaces . 
  ( are you polish ? ) . 
  i said no . 
  '' ( are you black ) . . weird because i was more light skinned than his friend next to him , and i am brunette ) . . than my gf got angry and and told them get education or something in polish . 
  and then they asked me '' jestes zyd '' ( are you jew ) . 
  and i said no and they followed us for a while but nothing came out of it fortunately . 
  the '' what the fuck '' part of the story is not some stupid minority do stupid thing , it is almost same in every country . 
  could be anywhere . 
  ( although all this news on polish racism towards foreigners i have never lived any issue at all with lovely people of poland beside this little thing . ), 
  only thing is weird that this guy asked me if i am black !!, 
  why ?? 
  btw my polish is not any good , but i know some and this guy definately asked me '' jestes czarny ? 
  '' . i can understand why he asks if i am a jew but black ? 
  basicy ; do not swear next to an elder person , otherwise ; fuck the shit out of the fucking fuck . 
  in turkey , we start with learning the ancient civilizations of anatolia way before turkish settlement started in anatolia such as hittities , lydians , lycians etc and later on ancient greek states in anatolia . 
  than we learn the ancient central asian steppe turkish ( well actually turkic i guess but in turkey we literally call them turkish ) tribes , clans , and khanates such gokturk empire , hun empire , golden horde , chagatai etc.
