my grandma was ethnic albeanian from kosovo , they moved todays turkish lands when balkan war happened , she was born here thus she didn ' know how to speak albenian ( she could understand though ) . 
  grandpas parents are from thessoloniki , greece , he was born in turkey again . 
  his parents were migrated when thessoloniki passed to greece . 
  he was identifying himself as turk but add that he has some albeanian and some bulgarian blood in his family . 
  that 's my dad 's parents . 
  my mom 's parents are native turks that was born here with turkish ancestors but my mom is natural blonde , so you can say she has some different ethnic background but they had forgotten already . 
  what i want to say is , empire did good things bad things , stupid things , nasty things but at least it gave modern turkey that colorful background . 
  i am happy about that . 
  when someone ask me my nationality i answer i am turkish , but it is common here in turkey to ask people `` where are you from originally '' and i love to answer i have some albeanian and bulgarian roots in my family . 
  btw my wife-to - be is polish . 
  my kids will be almost rainbow on that chart :d, 
  fortunately he is not yet , but god knows he tries hard ... 
  we are not yet adminstration tech 10 , do not have core on koningsberg and are not protestant/reformed ... oh wait , it was prussia . . what are the obligations to form ottoman emprire with republic of turkey ? 
  but it does n't make much sense . 
  english speaking folks did n't name the country after the bird , to mock or anything else . 
  they named the bird after the county 's name which is pretty normal because they were trading this bird from ottoman empire . 
  honestly do not think there is an intention to humilate or insult anyone . 
  and if you consider this way we are calling egypt literally '' corn '' and india as the '' turkey bird land '' . 
  if you be enough creative we are calling sudan literally '' from water '' . 
  who cares if the country 's name is same with a bird . 
  anglophones also call polish people with the same name as shoe polish or a pillar ( pole ) ( they call theirselves in polish as polski/polska/polak ) . 
  when they say finnish , it sounds like finish ( they call theirselves in finnish as suomalaiset ) . 
  this things are so natural . 
  beauty of the language . 
  its flexibility . 
  as a turk , i have no problem if they call a bird 's name same as a country 's name . 
  btw , still best name tag for us is german one . 
  sounds perfect . 
  we share the language with them ( eventhough it is not fully mutually intelligible ) , thus we still share culture and values in some extend with them . 
  also have national memories of pre-migration era . 
  still have slight turkic - steppe culture and traditions in some extend but honestly and unfortunately we do not share more than that . 
  almost 1000 years we have became ( and if you dig enough ethnically we were already ) a part of this geography . 
  all cultures of people of asia minor before turkic migration ( invasion ? 
  ) , turkic tribes , iranians and arabs and lastly balkan people are melted and that is what you consider the turkish culture in republic of turkey now . 
  they say you start to understand azerbaijani afternoon if you landed morning , and kazakh in like 1 months . 
  i have n't experienced tough . 
  but ankara derives from ankyra or ancyra which literally means anchor and greek or latin . 
  funny tough , there is no see in ankara . 
  well , i already have never understood why had you guys advanced eastward than izmir ? 
  what were you thinking to find there , heaven ? 
  if i were a greek i would think after i got izmir ; `` here is good , who will walk all that way down to ankara , meh '' btw , if you are willing , we can give you the clay behind of izmir till ankara . 
  that would mean less votes for erdogan ( you got ta keep the guys as well ) !, 
  but . . but ... we want to happen ... not happening is boring . 
  yea we are ( well almost 75 % of us ) asians already . 
  i am myself asian . 
  i live in izmir which is in asia . 
  i could n't get the deal . 
  i have more to share with a greek rather than with a pakistani or vietnamese . 
  i have more to share with a kosovian than as a dane you would share . 
  so what 's the deal of it ? 
  when does it started to be european is ultimate and being asian is lame ? 
  its geography man . 
  i have a better suggestion , try to drink sea water when you are thirsty . 
  it is more logical than asking tayyip instead of tsprias . 
  correct . 
  some people had chose their own surname . 
  if they were educated or unique people they had chose surnames that reflects that . 
  for example in my home city we have a old old footballer - one of the first of his genre - and he had taken the name of the team he played for his surname . 
  or if you were for example immigrated from crete of greece , you choose a surname '' giritlioglu '' which literally means '' son of who came from crete '' . 
  my grandfather is from thessaloniki , so his father had chose egekan - literally means aegean blood - . 
  but if you were an uneducated or something , or you were just like '' meh , fuck surnames i do n't care '' than goverment gave you a generic name . 
  like rock , eagle , falcon , fearless , real turk , son of turk etc. 
  thats why the kurds in turkey do n't have their own language surnames but mostly generic ones . 
  they were not allowed to , and government gave them generic ones . 
  or they got their clan names as surname if it sounds enough turkish . 
  we had a mp in turkey ones who is kurdish and his name is '' ahmet turk '' . 
  i just said a whisper . 
  like a backdoor gossip around . 
  and about davutoglu being gulenist is the magazine part of what i was saying at the post . 
  the main part is he is made resigned . 
  we do n't know the reason . 
  it may be because of his russia and syria politics , or his honeymoon with eu . 
  or he is a suspected to be gulenist . 
  idk the point is he has been resigned . 
  and the guy who said '' i ordered it '' is this way or that way punished . 
  about the discovery of america , i dont know i am not a muslim myself . 
  joking , i know the answer , muslims ca n't even discover the next country to them with this uneducate bias and culture that against progress . 
  happy ? 
  erdogan is not immortal . 
  erdogan is not unbeatable . 
  erdogan is an ignorant , uneducated , manipulative , and thanks to these i counted and the socio-economic of status of turkey , he is a '' successful '' politician . 
  his success causes so much harm to this country . 
  his success is making turkey lose so much . 
  he is one of the worst thing that this country has seen . 
  but if you know any other method to get rid off him beside democratic election , tell me . 
  if this gulen guy was succeeded , we wouldnt even have hope to vote , i wouldnt have a opposition party to support . 
  idk why you make it such big deal . 
  erdogan is a fragile human being . 
  he is not hercules , he may be beaten democratically . 
  yea lack of press freedom and lack of speech freedom is the biggest problem . 
  but it is not an excuse to not make live the this way or that way democracy . 
  hitler ruled germany for 12 years . 
  germany did n't vanished after him . 
  franco ruled spain for decades , spain still survives . 
  countries with strong govenrmental culture doesnt depend on persons . 
  it depends on system . 
  turkey has a strong governmental culture . 
  not strongest democracy but govermental culture . 
  so erdogan will be gone , and will be remembered as the worst president ever . 
  but turkish republic will survive .
