  well imo it describe my country very well . 
  if it was mustaches instead of untranslatable that would be the best combo . 
  dirt-ear-mustache . 
  such a lovely country , 
  so turkey is basicly ; christian-ladder-top hat . 
  revanchism sucks . 
  provide no good for either party . 
  turkey will get on back on track ( not very soon ) . 
  to be honest , we had to live this era . 
  are we unlucky ? 
  yes . 
  but this is a lesson for us . 
  a lesson i guess meant to be experienced . 
  sometimes a spank teaches more than words . 
  i hope we pass this transition era by minimum of minimum harm to our relations . 
  i hope things get better . 
  because there is nothing more valuable for a country than good neighbours . 
  thank you !, 
  agree with each word and letter . 
  once people learns that truth is not reflected on pictures but on mirrors , probably we will get better . 
  education . 
  unbiased , un-sided , objective education . 
  that is what we need . 
  unfortunately , we are not providing it here across this part of the sea . 
  i hope it is better in there . 
  it is sad while nationalist and pretty racist comments of both side are being upvoted af , your pretty decent comment is being downvoted . 
  well , hate sells . 
  for a reason , bulgarian and greek borders of turkey are visible too . 
  i do not know what is the reason . 
  in azerbaijan 's case is nothing to do with religion . 
  it is about their democracy . 
  you can not expect innovation in semi-democratic structures high . 
  it 's all neighbours have a kind of stronger democracy . 
  which azerbaijan is more way secular and progressive compared to turkey . 
  as well as bosnia and albania . 
  their lebel on religion is just a lebel . 
  before religion factor , i am sure there are lots of other factors that creates this situation on this regard . 
  noone looks cuter than [ quenn lizzy ] ( http://www.macleans.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/queen-scarf.jpg ) in a such head accessory . 
  it is almost proved that in 2023 aliens will contact with earth and they will need some borium to fuel their spaceships . 
  i am pretty sure they will be willing to pay that amount to turkey when the time comes . 
  we will be a superpowahh then . . 
  if the usa let us to extract our 500 trl . 
  dollars worth of borium , yea it is possible . 
  but if we can not , i bet on zombie comeback . 
  at the end his biggest hobby is eating the brains of people . 
  would fit him . 
  those people were not only persons . 
  they had ideas and followers . 
  agendas and ambitions . 
  but here we are . 
   he 'll be gone one day , actually i have a theory that he will come back as a zombie , but i do n't want to speak out of it to not realize it . 
  so be it . 
  history is full of examples of ceasars and genghis khans , suleimans and napoleons . 
  again it wo n't change our stand on this topic . 
  being puppet of another country or being under a fascist government have no differences . 
  wan na us choose one ? 
  if i ever will be have to , i will still remember above lines . 
  it is my duty . 
  then , it will be our suffer . 
  a suffer which is million times better than the boots of scavengers roams over these carpet we called our country which is thorny , rough and brutal but it is our carpet . 
  and once it becomes a country which we dream up , we will proudly say `` we suffered but win and have n't let any scavengers to roam on this carpet '', 
  if turkey threaten the international laws that it signed to , or threaten the peace with its neighbours , or any third party country ; it may cause international act . 
  but internal conflicts of a country is the business of this very country and noones else . 
  in than case as a secular turk , i need to pay my share , so be it i will and i will fight for it but we do not need any `` big brother '' on this issue . 
  because the man who i respected most in my life addressed to turkish youth as ; `` assuming , in order to look still darker possibilities in the face , that those who hold the power of government within the country have fallen into error , that they are fools or traitors , yes , even that these leading persons may identify their personal interests with the enemy 's political goals , it might happen that the nation came into complete privation , into the most extreme distress ; that it found itself in a condition of ruin and complete exhaustion . 
  even under those circumstances , o turkish child of future generations !, 
  it is your duty to save the independence , the turkish republic . 
  the strength that you will need for this is mighty in the noble blood which flows in your veins . '', 
  so keep it in your pants . 
  in worst scenario , we wo n't be the first country that suffered a period of time of fasist dictatorship . 
  and most of them are doing fine now . 
  this is evolution of countries . 
  nothing but great pain of nations teach that nations what is important . 
  what democracy , humanity , justicr means . 
  not an imperialistic country 8000km away who is hungry and hungry and hungry but never full . 
  we made other people live this as ottoman empire . 
  look what is the result on these geographies . 
  this map has great potential of causing ; - 9 balkan wars - at least 2 colonial wars - min . 
  4 huge scale and 9 minor genocide - at least 3 ww - 2 hitler-like and 7 soviets-like government/revolution - 1 maximillien robespierre - countless confused novelists, 
  real life is more colorful than of those suit politicians , loser nationalists and hateful racists . 
  i do n't want to give an example that may be understood wrong , but here it is ; even on war time there are soldiers that shared their meals with enemy soldier while on their breaks . 
  it is always easier to share fun with a stranger that you share your screen with than to hate this person whom you know nothing about himself/herself . 
  and it always bring more good than otherwise . 
  you are brainwashed with your education system !!, 
  please get some real education !, 
  if you were saying this in uk you would be arrested now !, 
  and eu ?? 
  you wish !, 
  nazi germany , great britain , germany , saudi arabia , netherlands and english channel will never let them in already . 
  makedonya , please change your name . 
  everyone knows great iskender is genuinely turkish man with mustache . 
  do not steal our history , thx . 
  what if you place a giant mirror on new armenia-azerbaijan border ?? 
  you can both have the mountain and have the view of it . . 
  is n't it brilliant ? 
  does n't matter , as long as they have recepos tayyipar erdoganian , they will never be in eu . 
  just having a small chunk in continental europe does n't make it europe . 
  and stop violating our beautiful aegean islands air zone . 
  enough is enough already !, 
  ! 1one !,
