  searched for their rights and they became what is a modern belgian now . 
  it is like your father steals from your neighbour and gives you a good opportunity in life . 
  that does n't make you a bad person . 
  you did n't have anything with that . 
  but at the end you are living in a better condition etc. 
  it is something like this . 
  so what i want to say is , belgian people has nothing to be ashamed of a fucking psychopatic rulers actions . 
  it is his disgrace . 
  but that part of the world should know that why they are living prosperous and in high human standarts are a little caused by the action of this terrible people . 
  of course it is not the only reason why europe is developed like this . 
  there is so many other factors . 
  but this is one of this factors unfortunately . 
  edit ; when i am saying `` europeans '' i am clearly referring to colonial/early industrialized nations . 
  it is obvious i am not talking about icelandics or serbians ( which in this example they were already a victim of another imperialistic power ), 
  philosophy of there is no way or need to be a god . 
  the idea of god is not logical and untrue . 
  universe and everything is happened without a god . 
  so coming up to a conclusion of there is no god what is the philosophy of atheism . 
  on the other hand if you think `` i do n't know if there is a god or not '' then you are agnostic . 
  if you say `` i do not care if there is a god or not '' then you are apatheist . 
  if you say `` i believe there is a god but it is not the ones people are praying right now like mainstream religions , or i do not belive in religions but god '' then you are deist . 
  if you say '' i belive in god and religions and their practices '' then you are theist . 
  all of this beliefs and lack of beliefs have a philosophy behind them . 
  simply no . 
  if you come to a conclusion ( i am not saying , believe ) that any god does not exists . 
  than you are atheist . 
  if you do not believe in god , you can be anything else like atheist , agnostic , apatheist or just simply irreligious . 
  simplifying atheism as equal to not believe god is not enough . 
  atheists come to conclusion that no god exists . 
  it is not equal to `` i do not believe in god '' . 
  atheism is not opposite of deism . 
  it is opposite of theism . 
  it is not the population of convicted atheists . 
  not every irreligious person follows the philosophy of atheism . 
  i am impressed that hungarians have a unique word for a platypus . 
  at the end , it is a foreigner and insignificant animal to your geography . 
  we do not have a unique name for that animal beside just platipus and i am sure if you say platipus to an average turk , he would reply `` well , i platipus your mother too , mf '' edit ; i checked and turkish equivalent of platypus is ornitorenk . 
  hmm . 
  probably it is because of desert effect . 
  deserts have great temperature differences even during a day . 
  which you have 40 degrees in the morning and 10 degrees in the same night . 
  because earth warms and cools quicker than water masses . 
  that may be why coastal has a higher average temperature . 
  it does n't cool easily at nights . 
  bulgarian turks are a broad term . 
  it refer two two things ; `` turks that lives in bulgaria right now '' and `` bulgaria immigrants to turkey in 80s '' . 
  also pomaks are a broad term and they do not only live in bulgaria . 
  on broad term they are known as a slavic ethnicity which is muslim . 
  ( for a reason this is debatable . 
  some says they are an ancient turkish tribe etc but turks love to call everyone `` turk '' at the end , so idk . 
  however if you ask me it is so obvious that they are genetically slavs ) so most of the bulgaria immigrants of 80s was pomaks but not all of them . 
  there were turks , gypsies etc. 
  however in turkey we mistakenly call these immigrants pomaks as a whole . 
  at the end , they are turkish . 
  in turkey , people tend to call theirselves as turkish first ( unless you are kurdish - well some of them does , most just identify kurdish ) . 
  because turkey is a very mixed up country with tons of ethnic elements . 
  i.e i am third generation of a kosovar family on father side . 
  i identify myself turkish . 
  and when asked where i am from originally ( a common question in turkey ) i just answer i am albanian immigrant . 
  not all kosovar immigrants are ethnic albanians , but some are . 
  it is weird but it makes the road slippery . 
  one would expect it to make it sticky due to nature of asphalt but no . 
  it makes it slippery and hard to control the wheel at the same time . 
  alright , probably you have wrong information on minorities in turkey in this regard . 
  first ; ethnic arab citizen population in turkey is almost 2 % . 
  more or less . 
  let 's say 1.5 m. 
  and most of them are divided as sunni and shia . 
  so good luck by establishing an ethnic arabic party and make them get at at most 2 % . 
  unfortunately , situation is worst for armenian minority . 
  they unfortunately have a population around 200k which makes them 0.25 % . 
  unfortunately turkey is not that much crowded by minorities . 
  there are basicly turks and kurds . 
  if you dig turks you will find albanians , pomaks , georgians etc but most of this pop describe them as turk already and has zero ethnic movement . 
  edit ; of course not counting refugee syrians . 
  and i deeply hope they will never get turkish citizenship . 
  like ever and never . 
  over my dead body . 
  probably some form of modern art . 
  i have never understood modern art . 
  surrealism ? 
  so where are the kuban cigars produced ?? 
  are you sure ?? 
  because i remember i watched couple of documentaries about it . 
  you know sexy russian girls ( tanned in turkey i guess ) rolling cigars on their bare upper legs . 
  a greecey turkey is easy to finnish when you are hungary and if your shoes need some polish you can also use this greece . 
  #lifehack . 
  czech it out . 
  however there is norway that turkey will be as swede as a marshmellow . 
  dane . 
  just missed to be a teenager . 
  regarding the printing press is invented ( kinda ) in 1440 and introduced in ottoman empire in 1727 , by taking some correction factors such as internet and increased globalization etc into account , i have a good news for turkish gays ; turkey is having its first gay marriage in 2132 according to my calculations . 
  yay !!, 
  well , the religion part of this your very culture you mention is individually a pretty much middle eastern superstition itself . 
  beside , jews and their culture are one of the main stones of what is so called european culture . 
  current situation which mostly caused by ww2 does n't change this . 
  circumcised male . 
  do n't plan to circumcise my potential son ( s ) . 
  how dare you call the weirwood of old gods blocks your view !!!, 
  are you a worshiper of seven ?
