  there is a distinct differences regarding social , cultural and economic perspective between them and turkey . 
  alright , turkey is not europe but it is also not mena . 
  you can count it geographicly but not count it when you do this type of statistical observations . 
  even since you do your math accounting population weight , it is so misleading . 
  to avoid to greek steal it ? 
  we had no right to `` invade '' srebrenica . 
  i like bosnians but international diplomacy is not friendship between two human being . 
  and we are not the `` ultimate good '' that provides justice and freedom '' . 
  we could n't even though we wanted though . 
  most probably poland can never get the level of turkey does n't matter how hard they try to fuck their democracy , but hey , even getting closer to turkey level is something you should never ever want to . 
  well , you can never go full turkey , but unfortunately poland is doing so similar to what turkey did in 2010 which leads to today 's turkey . 
  yea , poland can never go full turkey but even going any almost turkey is shit enough . 
  due to my marriage , poland is the second country i can say `` home '' and it would devastate me to see this beautiful country to share the stupidity my country had/still has . 
  it eventually makes ruling class and economic actors lazy . 
  if it is coming for free , why would you bother to produce or try to create money for it ?? 
  and birth rates are not that much related to poverty or wealth . 
  ukraine is not that much rich or prosperous country either . 
  or bulgaria , serbia , moldova . 
  but they have educated people . 
  and their birthrates are amongst the lowests . 
  and eventhough they are not rich countries , they are developed countries . 
  life is good there , or better than their equivelent in richness countries . 
  these underdeveloped countries do not reproduce much because they are poor , they reproduce because they are uneducated . 
  in western world , yes , wealth brought education . 
  but they had this progress by living so many tragic events , so many wars and cast conflicts . 
  they paid their shares for it . 
  underdeveloped world should have the same , we do not live in the perfect world . 
  easy come makes you used to easy come . 
  not much agreed of building their infrastructures or financial aid . 
  this makes people to get used to more laziness . 
  `` others pay/do it already , why would i bother '' it is sad but nations learn by their mistakes and tragedies . 
  it happened like that in western world . 
  noone helped them , they lived the worst and fixed theirselves in some context . 
  now they have the best places to live in the world . 
  i am ok with helping their education tough . 
  we can and should do this . 
  but i honestly think that others will backfire at the long run . 
  i do n't think polish people speaks turkish . 
  `` the dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . '' -- chancellor palpatine, 
  maybe . 
  but still , we are a huge producer of tea . 
  probably old times , we did n't have much market to sell all these supply so used to drink a lot . 
  and it may sound strange but here in turkey it is believed that drinking hot bewerages like tea cools you down . 
  and we are a very hot country . 
  i hope in bosnia it is the same turkish coffee that we drink in turkey . 
  because in middle east i drank `` so called '' turkish coffee and it was something herbal-anice kinda shit . 
  tastes totally different and nobody in turkey drinks such a thing however they call it turkish coffee . 
  hey there delilah, 
  and a leftist can support akp ?? 
  do you want me to count you all the lists of turkish `` liberals '' who literally licks the butthole of erdogan . 
  there is a reason we call them `` libo\u015f '' . 
  cengiz candar , mehmet barlas , nazli ilicak ( who is in jail now of being a member of feto ) , engin ardic and soo much more . 
  akp itself is a liberal party on economic terms . 
  and liberals is known as `` as long as market is free , who cares other rights and freedoms '' in turkey . 
  btw we do not have a serious leftist section in turkey . 
  neither chp nor hdp is leftist in real terms . 
  no no , i agree . 
  like all other fraction 's unquality , it is same with liberals too . 
  our liberals are just liberals on economic base which only refers to `` free market as much as it is possible '' , thats all . 
  he is one of the weirdest guys i know . 
  he has this beautiful ethimologic studies on turkish language and dictionary of ethimology . 
  he is a liberal that supported akp and erdogan politics but he is also opposing him sometimes . 
  and he had been convicted once for throwing his own shit to his wife . 
  now he is literally a micheal sicofield . 
  his life is full of actions . 
  when you have tattoos of the prison blueprints all over your bare body , it takes couple of seasons . . 
  probably turkey again . 
  we have to conserve our reputation !!, 
  we can not let them to catch us . 
  turkey , always one step ahead !, 
   human or lizard people from another planet that hide under normal human body and secretly controlling the world . 
  it is a possibility !, 
  still ottomans ! = turkey, 
  turkey , spain and sweden is like ; `` what are these red and blue lights on the street ? 
  police car ? '', 
  and ireland is like ; `` what red light ? '', 
  are you serious you hear rarely about turkey these days ?? 
  i mean before erdogan we were a not that crazy known , a little poor a little rich , a little modern a little middle eastern , some good some bad country . 
  after erdogan we are pretty well known and hated , a little poor a little rich , a little modern a little middle eastern , some good some bad country . 
  i know no period turkey is heard that much in its whole history . 
  because he is the only one who does n't stand to carry a turkish flag on him ? 
  poland has such potential . 
  i think it wo n't be surprise to see it at above ranks in close future . 
  how do you conclude that it is estonian food/s, 
  and children . 
  local government ( municipality ) owned . 
  we need a `` turkey is not europe ! '', 
  bot in this sub already . 
  we are wasting people 's time for nothing . 
  as soon as there is a comment contains word `` turkish/turkey '' , bot has to do its job . 
  and there also need to be some `` it is europe , duh '' bot and `` yes , it is not indeed '' bot . 
  come on we live in 2002 already , it should n't be that hard to automatize things !, 
  umm , maybe you are not looking at picture carefully ? 
  details are overlooked sometimes . 
  first of all , i want to kiss you on mouth . 
  second , i may look like a jerk if i do not agree on term of genocide for a reason . 
  but it does n't change my sorrow for each every innocent individual armenian died on the way , raped , killed by turkish soldier bullet and killed by turkish individual , starved to death and humiliated . 
  idk if this is enough for me to identify my sorrow for them . 
  i curse the mentality which caused one nation to live this horrific event . 
  ottoman empire caused at that era a huge tragedy and trauma for one of its subject nation , and a huge burden to carry for the next generation of its other subject nation .
