  i am confused ) * my oldest two cousins were both born in 1985 ( 32 y/o ) one of them is married , i am the third oldest ( 1988-29 y/o ) . 
  i will get married next year . 
  only 8 of us ( include me ) are officially eligible to be married ( 18 years old ) . 
  probably it is not just depending on how much money you pay to the teachers . 
  i am sure it is an inportant factor that those teachers teaching our kids are happy while doing their job . 
  but in particular with turkey ; - i assume physical school standarts are poorer . 
  - teacher count is below needed . 
  ( if there are less teachers than you need you can pay them more , by simple logic ) - governments ideology on education . 
  thats a fact that akp loves uneducated masses . 
  uneducated masses loves akp . 
  loop it . 
  - idk greece , but we are a lazy country . 
  we have never been so enthusiastic in science . 
  probably cultural . 
  idk . 
  unfortunately , i do understand your pain well . 
  i thought it was just a turkish stupidity . 
  god i hate when they tarnish historic identity of the cities to build these moronic apartments . 
  but it is always preferable to cry on a beachy , sunny , white housed island rather than cry on a mainland when you are unhappy , is n't it ? 
  impossible . 
  an important part of akp supporters are those old center-right wing supporters which likes `` solid '' economic development and lives a life very liberal . 
  their knly problem is there is not any alternative centre-right wing party they can choose over . 
  and for fact until last 5 or so years akp was a streotypival centre-wing parties close to the european ones . 
  they changed very drastically recent years and their these liberal voters have n't react to these changes yet , but i know myself that they are uncomfortable too . 
  in turkey akp is not the strongest ideology . 
  akp is a mix of very different backgroud voters . 
  in turkey it was always the central-right politics was the majority , and it still is . 
  right know only problem in turkish politics is a lack of a genuine cente-right ideology to akp . 
  if we could have one you wouldnt believe how fast akp would be a piece of history . 
  not : chp myself . 
  i see . 
  i am more into city sight , people and culture . 
  prizren looks like good choise , then . 
  what about pristine ? 
  happy independence day , the lands of my grandmother . 
  it is obviously a shame i could n't ever had a chance to visit you , but i will definately one day . 
  while even the coastal strip of north africa is not desert , it is hard to expect spain to be desert at all . 
  spain always pictures on my mind as olive tree hills , but obviously its more than just that with biodiversity . 
  i agree with you . 
  if being culturally european defined well , we are not actually european . 
  even the ones that reside in european part of the istanbul and thrace . 
  i do not also understand why turkish people makes it a huge deal when they are addressed as non-europeans . 
  however , if turkey and turkish people must be classified as something , than it is european . 
  otherwise there must be anither classification and turkey will be alone in that classification . 
  i know europeans think `` well if turkey is not european than it is middle eastern '' . 
  unfortunately this is not that easy . 
  as turkey is not european it is neither middle eastern . 
  turkey ( well ottomans ) had more ties with europe rather than middle east always . 
  the fault europeans make is when they consider that era they imagine europeans as if todays modern europeans and ottoman empire as the religious motivated invaders . 
  at that ages europe was not that different than ottoman empire ; religious , invader , blood thirsty kingdoms , like all the kingdoms were . 
  they were conquering other nations lands , establishing kingdoms , having wars etc , same as ottoman empire did . 
  only difference were they were christian and ottomans were muslim . 
  same period europe had reneissance ottomans had it too . 
  and the core of ottoman empire was always the europeans . 
  especially slavs ( serbs , polish and ruthenians ) . 
  well , ottoman empire was totally an european empire no doubt of it . 
  if you define being european as being christian , sure you just see ottoman empire as a outliner , an invader , a foreigner . 
  but if you get out of religious context , you see ottoman empire was nothing but a european empire that rules various nations ( empire , duh ... ) so if we consider modern turkey , let me tell you one of my experience ; once i had a spanish guest in istanbul . 
  we went to a central prt of istanbul where arabic turists come kostly for shopping and hair transplant operation . 
  he asked me showing some arabic ladies '' i dint know turks were that much rich to shop that ultra expensive brands '' and i told him they are rich arabs actually . 
  than i realized he was thinking that arabic ladies were the turks and the normal turks on the street are european turists . 
  my starting point is , turks are not european . 
  we have different culture than `` mainstream europeans '' . 
  however we are not middle east too . 
  if turkey not a part of something than it is alone . 
  and this classification is not that useful . 
  no it is more logical to assume turks as a very very weird part of europe . 
  that easy . 
  i do n't think much desert , i guess mostly mediterrenean style . 
  and also afaik spain has a significant aggriculture base , do n't they ? 
  and poland and czechoslavakia is kinda foresty . 
  how do they have more rural population than spain ? 
  i need to research more i guess , 
  ah i see , its urban population is higher and compact then . 
  thanks . 
  i am surprised with spain . 
  it has almost same land area combined poland , czechia and slovakia and again almost same population that three combined ( ok a little less lets say 5m less ) . 
  but these three countries all red and close to red but spain is orange like . 
  i checked wikipedia than and it is true values . 
  i just got surprised any how . 
  pfff , like brazil a real thing !, 
  oh great , double ignorance !!!, 
  so if turkey is not a country , than how americans celebrate thanksgiving ?? 
  it is not that hard to educate yourself !!, 
  if portugal is not a country than how did they win world cup 5 times . 
  i am pretty sure pele speaks portugese . 
  please educate yourself !!, 
  it kinda confuses me ; i understood as arrow from turkey represents syrian/iraqi refugees that used turkey as a bridge . 
  but there is also a huge chunk of immigrants from turkey as turks live in germany etc. 
  if the legal immigrats are not counting why the map shows polish immigrats that immigrate to germany , uk etc. 
  they are more natural immigrants than german turks since both country is in eu . 
  idk , this map is kinda not enough and confusing . 
  this is kinda weird to even think of these scenarios even for the name of erdogan . 
  turkey , since the establishment of modern republic , has never had any claim on modern armenian land . 
  i am saying again , never had any claim . 
  it was not even in the `` national borders idea '' of the independence war . 
  for example mosul and kirkuk and some aegean islands were . 
  but never was and never is armenia . 
  turkey 's issues with armenia is a different thing . 
  it is not over sovereignty of armenia 's recents borders .
