  but europe is our door neighbour , so learning from europe is more logical . 
  we need a friendly europe toward us , and we must be friendly towards europe . 
  noone wants a troublesome neighbour . 
  some shitheads forget how greeks helped us in our 1999 istanbul earthquake . 
  if you be good to your neighbour they be good to you as well . 
  we have to have full cooperation with europe , socially , socio-economically , we are already in nato . 
  turks has to go to europe , see what is right and what is wrong there and have to adopt it to our own country . 
  i believe in that . 
  i am an atheist , my wife-to-be is polish . 
  i do not live a different lifestyle than a lets say portugese or serbian or british or swedish . 
  but not all my countrymen are same . 
  if someone asks me , i would respond i am asian . 
  i hope we get our shit together . 
  i believe we will someday , probably not close future but someday . 
  societies evolve , change . 
  thank you for good wishes . 
  edit ; i am not living a relative european lifestyle because i am an atheist or my fiancee is polish . 
  i live because i have rised like this . 
  there are countless people in turkey that lives how an ordinary european lives eventhough they are muslim . 
  i want to make this comment of mine clear, 
  true ; ( 0f course not 100 % , duh ) - we are over nationalistic and irrationally thinking '' everyone is hating us and enemy to us '' . 
  - we are mostly uneducated , even we are educated it does not improve our daily life . 
  like traffic culture or mutual tolerance . 
  - we are no europeans . 
  - we do our business more socially rather than following rules . 
  well , we actually hate rules , and poor education feed this instinct further more . 
  - our food is good . 
  false ( of course not 100 % , as if it is possible ) - not everyone supports erdogan or any ideology he represents . 
  - not everyone lives like a middle eastern . 
  actually not everyone in me is living in a stereotypical me life but it is more obvious in turkey . 
  - we are no middle east . 
  - we are no arabs . 
  even there is a sad racism towards arabics in turkey . 
  - most of the rules that you can think about an arabic-islamist country ( woman vote , outdoor alcohol consumption , illegalization of lgbt , illegalization of other faith 's practise , sharia etc. ), 
  - we were not used to this isis style bombings and terror acts until very recent . 
  ( beside there were always other ways of threat of terrorist act but they mostly was not intersectiong with everday peoples lifes ) - kebab is way more various than the version europeans eat . 
  it is just one kind . 
  and we do not eat kebab everyday . 
  there are better food than kebab . 
  kebab is just '' meh '' . 
  - it is not desert starting just right after you pass greek or bulgarian border . 
  i am not sure even if we have a proper desert area , probably not . 
  you are right i guess , we are pretty messy when we have picnic outdoors . 
  but we had n't had much time to collect the litter when that sobieski pal came and told us `` go home , you are drunk , go go go '' . 
  joke aside , it is magnificant how even terrible incidents can create something good . 
  i hope one day visit vienna for its coffee houses . 
  whattt ? 
  we just came to '' visit '' you and you looted our coffee beans ?? 
  how rude ... 
  it is clear now why we had huge headaches after '' visit of vienna '' for so long ... you looted our coffee beansss . 
  in my family they are conservatives and more pro-state . 
  my balkan side family were almost all farmers or farmer descendants . 
  so that may be the reason of their conservatism . 
  the old generation is pretty uneducated . 
  however i forgot to add the balkan immigrants are known by their drinking habit . 
  they drink much . 
  in immigrant neighbourhood where i live it is so common to see mosque and a pub next to each other . 
  my grandma is kosovar . 
  so ; albanians in turkey are known by their temper and stubbornness . 
  oh boy , you got ta meet my father . 
  we say `` albanians tie their shoelaces loose so someone can trip on them hence they can have a delicious fight '' . 
  also it is said '' marry an albanian girl but never think about marry an albanian guy '' . 
  albanian girls makes the best foods and best pastries . 
  guys are , well i told above you got ta meet my father . 
  since one part of my family is balkan immigrants we have so many bosniaks in my family circle too , since they tend to marry inbetween the society ( however this is not a case nowadays , they are so blended in ) . 
  bosniaks are beautiful people . 
  their borek is wonderful . 
  they like to keep their society closer . 
  most of them forget their language as the last generations that immigrated passed away . 
  albanians too ( my grandma was born in turkey , she was understanding albanian very well , but speaking little and they didnt teach to my father albanian which is sad ) . 
  both albanians and bosniaks in turkey either have some conservative or some very secular portions . 
  for example in my broad family bosniaks and albanians are pretty pro erdogan eventhough my dad is an atheist . 
  and tatars are wonderful people . 
  i have studied university in a tatar city in turkey ( crimean tatars ) . 
  they are very nice people . 
  very hardworking and very clever guys . 
  it is for sure , turkish republic owe so much to his once immigrant citizens . 
  note : my grandma 's father and mother had come turkey during balkan wars . 
  well , actually sometimes polish sound me some like japanese . 
  naprawd\u0119 . . especially when i first started to learn it . 
  especially when you say `` nie ma za co '' . . is n't is so japanese ? 
  first examples comes to my mind in that case are ; ile pan ma lat ? 
  co za debil . 
  when you do not use typical polish \u015b rz \u0107 etc sound it kinda sounds like japanese . 
  however i am losing this sense as i am learning more and more and it starts to sound me more similar . 
  edit : as i think when the word ends with a - u it is more visible . 
  like ide do domu , kto idzie do mojego domu ... 
  because it breaks the balance . 
  membership of turkey means more representation for turkey on european parliament and less for germany and france who are the brain of eu . 
  in case of brexit , yea maybe turkey would fill that blank without disturbing the power much , but the reality is turkey is more americanist . 
  i sincerely believe in a eu as a third power in the world . 
  unfortunately , in this realistic world we need powers , it balances the shit in the world . 
  i want eu to be a third body next to usa and russia . 
  that is why i am a little happy about brexit . 
  if turkey wears off american puppy costume and works for the benefit of europe , that it would be lovely for eu , and they would gain a good front and source for their sphere of influence , but it is not like this . 
  btw having good relationships with usa and being a puppy of it different things . 
  second thing is economy . 
  since turkey is below the average of eu in economic terms , it will get subsidies like bulgaria , romania and poland do . 
  but turkey is bigger than this countries . 
  turkey will give less than it takes until he catches the eu standarts .
