  unfortunately , she is also american , so we just use english . 
  and when we had a kid , most probably we will want to raise him/her trilingual , so she has to speak polish with the kid , and i do not want to be a foreign to the conversations of my wife and kid . 
  beside , most probably we wo n't live in poland , poland is still like my second country . 
  i love it , and love the language too . 
  speaking 3 ; turkish ( n ) , english ( fluent ) and polish ( i wo n't die if you leave me in poland alone . 
  however my listening comprehension on polish sucks due to complexity of language and lack of exposion to listening activities ), 
  i personally like to support bulgaria on football matches . 
  it is not we have any strong ties with bulgaria or anything . 
  i just like their football team history . 
  idk there is not much reason already , they are just sympathic . 
  however i would never support greece on football , not anything because i am an asshole nationalist fart , just because their annoying victory on euro 2004 with their annoying , awful , disguasting play . 
  i can support them on basketball tough . 
  they have good characteristic on basketball . 
  you forgot to mention also they grab each other of their bottoms : s totally straight !, 
  in usa for a short-term summer working program , the warmest people towards me was serbians . 
  a pack of them accepted me to their group and made me live a lovely one and half month . 
  they had a bulgarian friend too . 
  and they were speaking in a common language . 
  i know serbian language and bulgarian language is different but they had told me they understood each other in a conversation enough to get the idea of the conversation and respond logical . 
  because of these nice people i always wanted to go to serbia , now it almost happened 9 years over this but one day i will go definately . 
  and also mateja kezman . 
  one of the coolest footballer that played in turkey is serbian . 
  about country i unfortunately do not know that much beside their capital is belgrade , it is pretty green and on danube which always makes a city beautiful ( look vienna and budapest ) . 
  they have ultra-nationalist football fans . 
  if i need to pick a football team to support in serbia it probably would be red star because it sounds good . 
  i know they had a very famous basketball player that was friend with another croatian famous basketball player but after the war they have n't spoke for a long time than one of these players died in a traffic accident and i had watched the interview of the other guy was saying he regret so much that he wasnt speaking with him ( i am sorry i am not good with basketballer names so i do not remember their names but they are super famous nba type players i guess ) . 
  and i know serbia is very good at basketball , i guess they were better when it was yugoslavia but i am sure they are still pretty good . 
  in turkey , when they speak basketball in tv they always mention the serbian ( or yugoslavian ) ecole . 
  what else ? 
  they have a booze called rakija which is very famous type of alcoholic spirit . 
  probably they will be a eu member in like coming 10 years , maybe sooner . 
  my grandmother 's origin country , kosovo , is in serbia but is not in serbia and all messed up . 
  complicated issues . 
  best wishes for good people of serbia . 
  and i really miss my those friends . 
  oh no , baba means dad in turkish . 
  like tata . 
  my fiancee is polish . 
  i guess when we have kids they will say us '' baba , mama how could n't you stop this idiocracy . . shame on you !, 
  i am curious , how do you make turkish coffee ? 
  btw , when i was working in dubai , a cafe was serving '' turkish coffee '' and i ordered . 
  it came as a herbal coffee like weird spice ( i assume anice ) containing hot liquid , i told them this is not turkish coffee . 
  the filipino guy judged me of not knowing what turkish coffee is . 
  i have n't even try to tell him i am turkish myself and drank that weird thing . 
  it was awful . 
  izmir - around 4000 years old . 
  thanks to the ancient greeks . 
  the truth is , yes we are hosting this 2.5 milion people but we can not give them a good life here , we can not already give a good life standart to our poors . 
  we are not that prosper country compared others . 
  still , we have no other choise than accepting them in . 
  since we were the one who flamed their civil war . 
  i guess we are living the punishment of our sins again . 
  i guess the movie you mention could be takva ; its a nice movie . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0499262/ kurds probably will have their own states in relatively close future on iraqi kurdistan and north of syria . 
  almost inevitable fact . 
  and turkish government is kinda best buddies with iraqi kurdistan region government . 
  so they probably have a independent country . 
  however some kurds also want to ceded from turkey where they have mojority of the population . 
  under normal conditions , i wouldnt care less of them to have their own state or get apart from turkey . 
  i have never been there in my life , i am not that entusiastic about their culture , i see that region as a overburden on my taxes and i am really tired of the terrorism that geography creates . 
  but we know how the things went through yugoslavian war . 
  when the borders and etnicities and lands are that much mixed up , never good comes out of it . 
  and i know nationalistic character of my countrymen . 
  it is a really compicated issue . 
  what is to be done for this while ? 
  full democracy towards the kurdish population , and developement of that region economically and sociologically . 
  education and economy are both magic wands sometimes on this issue . 
  and if it still do not works , well i am not against divorces but most of my countrymen are ( they are right or wrong is not my business to tell ) we never went away of kemalism . 
  we , a significant amount of turks are always kemalists . 
  thank you pal for good wishes . 
  beside kebab ? 
  sorry i am on phone i cant paste links here but you may search images on google  - sarma : for sure my favourite . 
  it is stuffed vine leaves with rice and some spices . 
  best when it is hot and yogurt on it . 
  - karniyarik : half stuffed eggplant with minced meat , tomato , garlic and spices . 
  - mercimek corbasi : lentil soup . 
  if it is green lentils than it is better for me . 
  - izmir kofte : minced meat balls with tomato sauce . 
  if you ask what i prefer in other types of kebab ; - beyti kebabi , cag kebabi or tavuk sis . 
  if you ask if i prefer european kebab or local kebab ; of course local kebab . 
  once i had answered a topic in another post as ; '' my starting point is , turks are not european . 
  we have different culture than `` mainstream europeans '' . 
  however we are not middle east too . 
  if turkey not a part of something than it is alone . 
  and this classification is not that useful . 
  no it is more logical to assume turks as a very very weird part of europe . 
  that easy . '', 
  i believe turkey is not in europe ( not geographically , it is irrelevant ) . 
  but ` if ' turkey must be classified in somewhere , yea than we are a weird part of europe . 
  we are europeans who are not europeans . 
  i do not consider this is a bad thing . 
  we are so closer to europe than anywhere in surrounding geography . 
  we have more ties with europe rather than anywhere in the world . 
  still i do not see any point to consider ourselves . 
  turkey should really be a progressive country . 
  we have to restore our balance . 
  we have to fix our political and sociological problems . 
  and europe is a really good guide in front of us . 
  it is simple logic , if life is good somewhere , than they do something right , go there , learn what they do right , learn what you do wrong and fix what you do wrong . 
  japan is a prosper country too , australia is a prosper country too .
