  i guess we 'll see how it goes . 
  maybe ? 
  i mean , i do n't expect the spd to come down hard on immigration , however i do n't expect them to repeat a situation like the refugee crisis either , so who knows ? 
  i think if the next government does/seems to regulate immigration more thoroughly afd support will diminish . 
  though i do n't expect them to disappear from the political landscape entirely in that case, 
  i know hungary is doing fine but that does n't make orban 's satement here any less silly . 
  i thought about doing that but in the end i decided that i 'm not cynical enough for a vacation in stalinism . 
  no , probably not , though i 'm not entirely sure what you mean with trump like candidate . 
  we do n't have a mentally unstable , vulgar billionaire running for chancelor . 
  let alone one who has a decent chance to win . 
  there are n't many neo-nazis running around in bavaria unless you consider th afd neo-nazis which you might , though personally i 'm still on the fence about that . 
  they wo n't have a single candidate for the election , instead they plan to have an election team . 
  that will most likely include chairwoman frauke petry . 
  other probable team members have n't been anounced yet . 
  yeah sure , [ the middle ages ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsches_reich ), 
  it should be noted that the cdu itself is split about the issue . 
  many supporters and party members are in favour of equal rights but it tends to be not a very important issue for them . 
  there are some high profile party official who are gay and they faced relatively little resistance . 
  the issue here seems to be with the party leadership , which means mostly merkel . 
  i suspect the opposition to same sex rights is also upheld to appease the right fringe of the party . 
  i 'm kinda surprised too but they ssem to be very close . 
  it 's kinda hard to tell the way the data is presented but it seem the i do n't know and the tend to agree segments are slighty larger in west germany . 
  overall attitudes seem to be pretty similar . 
  i never knew 80 % of western europeans are millennials . 
  the more you know, 
  nah , we just have some of his nukes in our country . 
  they did get rid of uberhangmandate though which makes that kind of situation less likely . 
  though i guess if several parties would fall just short of getting 5 % it could have a similar result . 
  no , no , no , they will get 48 % of the vote and win anyway , because that 's the only truly democratic way to count an election . 
  the economic development on china is indeed impressive but i 'm not so sure that 's due to it being an authoritarian regime . 
  it 's mostly a successful policy of state capitalism akin to the asian tiger states , like taiwan south korea or malaysia , all of which are democracies ( some more so then others ) . 
  also , you know , invading parts of a neighbouring country , then occupying parts of it and waging low level warfare in the border regions . 
  a war , i might add , that 's still going on . 
  now , i 'm not really a fan of merkel but she has always been staunchly pro eu . 
  oh , keep it down with the hyperbole . 
  it 's at worst a small waste of taxpayer money , that personally i 'm happy to pay for if it means more proportional representation in parliament . 
  i 'd say a propaganda war is an actual war . 
  rousillon was ceded to france in 1659 with the treaty of the pyrenees , concluding the franco-spanish war . 
  also , gibraltar . 
  i like the full quote even better . 
  `` no puppet , no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet . 
  no , you 're the puppet . '', 
  it makes it sound so much more like the ravings of an insane person . 
  the eu parliament has quite a bit of oversight . 
  most notably , it has to agree to the budget . 
  though i agree parliament should have the right to propose laws ( it sort of already has a very restricted right to do so ) . 
  especially in the case of further integration of the eu . 
  than try german and surrender a week later ? 
  oh , there totally is a racist element to it . 
  `` those wacky easterners/brown people do n't know how to democracy '' . 
  however , while i think it 's exaggerated , i do understand fears of russians turning into a fifth column because that 's pretty much what happened in ukraine . 
  the kremlin has tried and in some cases succeeded to buy right-wing parties in europe . 
   i feel the mainstream media and establishment political institutions have lost all credibility and impartiality could you elaborate why ? 
  i see that kind of sentiment a lot these days on reddit , but honestly i do n't get it . 
  what 's so terribly broken about western democracies that they ca n't be trusted at all ? 
  and what changed so dramatically in the last few years ? 
  you of course refer to billionaire , socialite and friend of the powerful jeffrey epstein , who was friends with many people , including bill clinton and donald trump . 
  personally , i do n't think stories about the involvement of either of those two in epstein 's paedophile business are very credible . 
  neither of them were accused by the witnesses in the case against epstein . 
  as for pizzagate , eh ... 
  i think there is a difference between raising suspicion and trying to delegitimize your political opponents with baseless accusations . 
  and pizzagate seems to me like the latter . 
   mainstream media is overwhelmingly leftist no it is n't . 
  that mainstream media is , well , centrist in it 's political leanings . 
  that 's how it gets to be mainstream media . 
  of course some of them are more centre-left but at least in germany there are plenty of centre-right news outlets , for example the entire springer company . 
  the way i read it the purpose of this thing is not censorship but counter propaganda . 
  which is also objectionable , but i do think there is a propaganda war ongoing and liberal democracies better up their game if they want to win . 
  good thing than the eu has nothing to do with it . 
  deporting refugees is a matter of the individual states and they are perfectly capable of doing so ( though , admittedly , not alwqys willing ) . 
  when ( if ? ), 
  syria stabalizes most of them will be sent back . 
  just sayin . 
   interpreting it in different ways will be difficult russian state media could just omit the important part , say they believe the guy did it for chechny or whatever and a lot of russians would never here a different story , let alone believe it . 
  of course the turkish government does n't have such a tight grip on the press ( yet ) . 
  ambassadors are usually save enough in secure/allied countries , and turkey probably counts as that . 
  well , at least it did until now . 
  except they did n't and she has n't ? 
  the outsourcing of manual manufacturing started long before the obama administration . 
  if anything it slowed down over the last eight years , though that 's mostly because most of it was already done and rising wages in the 3rd world made moving back to america viable . 
  and clinton promised to invest in the rust belt to make it fit for the future , which looking at the advancemants of robotics seems way more viable to me then bringing back manufacturing . 
  `` damn europeans !, 
  they did n't start a landwar with russia over crimea . '', 
  am i doing it right ? 
   i should have a say over decisions taken by the european executive branch that 's not really hoew representative democracy works . 
  howerver , you do have power over determining who is part of the european executive branch since the french president is part of the european council . 
  though i agree that system needs an overhaul , and better sooner than later . 
  well , what is it now ? 
  is junker powerless and his election inconsequential or is he symbol of eu tyranny ? 
  he cant be both . 
  so czechs call germans hillbillys ? 
  i agree that an escalating conflict with russia serves know one . 
  but i 'm not so optimistic about the fate of russian democracy . 
  putin 's propaganda machine is so good it can even influence other countries . 
   nato helped topple the pro-russia government you mean when ukraine democratically elected a new government ? 
   russia 's access to the black sea was at risk no it was n't . 
  and even if , russia has plenty of black sea access of its own . 
  an open economy is not the same as a deregulated economy ( though the two are connected ) . 
  the economies of the nordics are more open in that they have more trade as a percentage of gdp .
