  in my school you could choose which sport class to attend . 
  ( i chose climbing because it was three daytrips instead of weekly classes . ), 
  and how do you get to that coclusion ? 
  huh ? 
  the most multicultural city in germany is frankfurt and they have a social democrat for mayor . 
  what city are you referring to ? 
  i 'd wager female slaves did n't where veils because they were n't muslims . 
  after all the quran pretty explicitly forbids making other muslims slaves . 
  i 'm one of the gays and i 'm well aware that muslims tend to have more traditional values then western europeans . 
  however , i do n't think that 's a reason to exclude them from europe . 
  first of all , lgbt rights have n't exactly been a core value of the western world since time immemorial and they 're still controversial . 
  they have been hard fought for and i 'm confident we will keep them . 
  and secondly , the values of immigrant communities tend to converge with mainstream society . 
  second and third generation immigrants are not all that different in their opinions from their peers not descendant from immigrants . 
   some of our values get in the way of that and then they speak up and say that we are the ones that have to change , well sorry , but that is not the way it works that is indeed not how it works . 
  i already mentioned that immigrants and there descendants tend to adopt the same opinions as the people around the , i.e. 
  integrate . 
  also , i do n't see that happening . 
  sure , there is the odd preacher who demands sharia law or whatever , but the vast majority of muslims support centre and centre left parties . 
  in germany many muslims vote for the green party which incidentely is the party with the most lgbt friendly platform . 
  the japanese are known for their racism/general intolerance against foreigners and minorities . 
  ( side note : i really do n't like how racism has become a synonym for intolerance . 
  it just helps reproduce race based concepts . ), 
   symbol of sexual inequality yeah , though there are very few women in europe who where a burka/niqab . 
   slavery that might be stretching it a bit . 
  okay , let 's talk . 
  the quality of discourse about migration has been pretty abysmal for a while now . 
   there are certains dangers that come with having a lot of people immigrate from a region ( and culture ) that i believe is not very compatible with ours now that 's an argument i can follow ( though i do n't necessarily agree ) . 
  i think it would help the conversation to get more specific here . 
  my guess is you allude to muslims but i do n't want to be overly presumptuous . 
  [ excuse me . 
  my takeaway from trump and brexit is that democracy , like any form of government really , needs propaganda and manufactured consent to keep functioning . 
  tell me about it . 
  germany had a great coalition the for 7 of the last 11 years and it will probably continue for another four years . 
  it 's the slow death of pluralism . 
   vote for afd well , if you want to see the greens in the next government you schould probably vote for them , not lend credibility to the afd . 
  discriminating people based on their religion is a authoritarian . 
  some african nations are part of the fastest growing economies of the last two decades . 
  how sustainable that growth is remains to be seen and they have along way to go either way but there is potanial here . 
   china is ahead in terms of scientific progress it most certainly is n't . 
  china might get there in the not so distant future but for the moment most inventions still come out of north america and europe . 
  i think it still has that reputation , at least in germany . 
  no idea if that 's actually true . 
  crimea was a pretty popular vacation spot before the annexation . 
  not sure how it looks there now . 
  `` croatia : well i guess it 's cheaper than italy '' ( actually i 'm really looking forward to my upcoming vacation in split ), 
   unwillingness to protect europe from migration and other external threats i guess we could add poor understanding of what the eu actually does to that list since the eu does n't really handle those things . 
   the rest of europe has to pay for another german fiasco . 
  does it though ? 
  most of those refugees ended up in germany after all . 
  all the catholics i know are in favor of gay marriage or have no strong opinios about it . 
  some are against marrying same sex couples in church but not against state sanctioned marriages . 
  i think it 's 10th to 12th grade . 
  that 's why it 's called g9 because regular school ends with 9th grade than oberstufe begins, 
   there is not one well-functioning majority black country in the world the history of african countries has been and still is pretty messy but there are positive examples . 
  botswana , ghana , gabon , senegal , namibia are all pretty well-functioning countries . 
  and despite mr halla aho 's assertion i would n't describe south africa as `` crumbling '' . 
  their current government is kinda shitty sure but that happens to the best . 
  i 'd hardly describe the usa or gb as failing states just because their governments are kinda inept . 
  there are also the caribbean countries like trinidad and tobago , barbados or the bahamas , all of which are doing just fine . 
  looks like they 're based on the latin names of those cities . 
  which i guess kinda makes sense , but i still wonder why . 
  found the rheinlander, 
  schr\u00f6der had similar fuck up . 
  well , that building is only about 60 years old . 
  the original structure was destroyed during the war . 
  not if you 're a regular mercanery . 
  you rrgularly risk you ` re life to be able to afford food and other necessaties . 
  and when your company eventually disbands , you 'll probably be stranded in a foreign country with nothing but your weapons and some spare change . 
  good to know we 're way past that . 
  today if a jew is rich he can be a capitalist or a socialist or both . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  still , i wonder why the fn is competetive in some regions and not others . 
  where did you find the results for the comunes ? 
  i 'd very much like to explore them myself . 
  no , they 're just vertical . 
  which is better , i guess ? 
  you can see it by looking that the other flags . 
  austria , italy , spain are correct . 
  was that such a big deal in the election ? 
  to me it seemed like public dicourse revolved mostly around the state of the economy and the eu with immigration a distant third priority . 
  though i do n't speak french so i might have a distorted impression . 
  it 's true that the middle calsses in first world countries have n't gained all that much but they did n't exactly lose anything either . 
  from everything i 've read real wages stagnated at some point in the seventies on a pretty high level . 
  and while increasing inequality is an issue on the global level it 's not one for france . 
  inequality did n't increase there so that does n't explain th rise of the fn . 
  many countries in the middle east and north africa remain unstable . 
  maybe we 'll handle it better next time . 
  though i do n't think the issue is unemployment . 
  most of these countries are doing fine economically . 
  syria was a middle income nation before the civil war , yet here we are . 
  it 's a bit to warm and wet for my taste . 
  i think it 's interesting that fn supprt is regional rather than the urban rural divide we saw in the us election . 
  any french person who can shed some light on that ? 
  i guess the northeast has kind of a rust belt situation going on . 
  what 's going on in the south ? 
  what makes you think that ? 
  doe n't look all that neoclassical to me . 
  if anything i 'd call it eclectic with all the vaguness that implies . 
  looks like half a dozen architects put together baroque , renaissance and classical element to create one big monstrosity of a building .
