  which is pretty low when it was supposed to be an unlosable election for them . 
  no i do n't . 
  it 's been explained multiple times in this thread . 
  no they do n't . 
  this exit poll seems to be based only off belgians polling stations . 
  they 're forbidden, 
  collaborating vichy scumbags are the ones who founded the fn ... 
  today 's turnout is the best we had for 40years, 
  actually front national gained momentum when people stopped calling them what they are . 
  said no-one ever . 
  scientifics, 
  fn was founded by ex-sss ( and stole the name from communist resistance in ww2 ) . 
  her personal close guard called gudards is a neo-nazi violent group . 
  no but he is a well known antisemit and holocaust denier . 
  pretty much a neo-nazi, 
  do n't be too hard on yourself . 
  countries are in the right order and the graph is clear . 
  might have tagged it nsfw though , usa is n't first and they might get butthurt over it . 
  of course there are . 
  yes like most highways, 
  and the second source is anecdoctical compared to the first one . 
  how is it underdeveloped in term of roads and trains ? 
  free highway and tgv/lgv, 
  shit catalog . 
  only worth it for netflix-produced content, 
  nope . 
  i even consider myself anti-religions . 
  * surrenders *, 
  basically what you guys have been doing for a while . 
  but you gave your weaponry not long ago, 
  she is pretty bad at communicating , she was destroyed during debates . 
  most of the work was done by philippot . 
  sex and food, 
  my first thought was welch . 
  except the religion part, 
  it 's just an example and it 's true to many countries . 
  i would n't say it 's a shitty country though . 
  manuals have shorter gears and faster gear changes . 
  it 's less true with newest gearboxes but those are still expensive . 
  it 's over exaggerated and it 's true in the us also . 
  but no they do n't burn every cars on sight , riots are rare and associated to police brutality and that happened in the us too . 
  criminality in france is low and immigration is n't necessarily all bad . 
  another reason and a big one is european roads , in city in particular are more adapted to manual gearboxes . 
  thor 1 was the first movie i fell asleep at the theater, 
  in france , only apple pay is available but i 've never seen anyone use it . 
  nfc is well deployed and widely used with payment cards though . 
  bathroom, 
  that 's how you recognize parisians, 
  a theory test called `` le code '' : 40 questions , you are n't allowed more than 5 mistakes . 
  a 32mn driving test including urban and rural driving , maneuvers and precision braking . 
  sometimes a visual test ( generally reading an immatriculation plate across an intersection ) . 
  it 's kind of hard , any mistake generally means failure . 
  then you have to indicate your learner status with a a sticker for 2years . 
  also you have to drive 10kmh below speed limits . 
  ( 80 and 100/110 instead of 90 and 110/130 ), 
  intervilles , fort board , la carte au tr\u00e9sor . . 
  also calvados , cidre and plenty others, 
  obviously everything because france is the best country in the world and we are always right . 
  in france it 's everyone except far-right, 
  you forgot everything made by uwe boll, 
  intouchables deserve its place here, 
  and cheap calories, 
   france cars are allowed to turn right when then green man is signalling for pedestrians to cross . 
  no , only if there is a yellow blinking arrow . 
  a salad with goat cheese, 
  additionally there are a lot of different dialects heriting from breton . 
  i heard them quite a lot in villages when i was younger ( 20 years ago ) . 
  my grandparents talked in breton together and with older people . 
  almost extinct now . 
  same here . 
  started smoking during first year of studies where i spent more time drinking , smoking , partying and playing wow than actually working . 
  i 've been on and off for about 10 years now . 
  stopping gets easier and i rarely ever smoke anymore . 
  they opened one during a french radio show once ... https://youtu.be/9flyztwm-uo, 
  and then , there is french . 
  some eat alone at work a take out from a restaurant they are a regular at . 
  rennes , about 2200 years old . 
  macron is center right , at best . 
  seriously ? 
  it 's just annoying . 
  it 's the thing about terrorist attacks , the most successful are ones you keep talking about . 
  time to move on . 
  french minimum wage is called smic which per month equals : before tax : 1480,27 $ after tax : ~ 1140 $ for a 35hrs/week working time . 
  motorsports are bad press here . 
  pollution , speed , etc. . 
  omg omg he said the s word, 
  bein is more popular with soccer fans . 
  eurosport for most everything else , in particular motogp and sbk . 
  it was a slaughter . 
  for both sides . 
  hi mr trump , consider listening to your competent advisors . 
  you might like jeux d'enfants ( love me if you dare ) or les petits mouchoirs ( little white lies ) then . 
  also polisse and of course intouchables . 
  france :, 
  same without cherry . 
  who are you to mix delicious things into something inedible , british ? 
  i am from britanny , my family comes from very rural areas of morbihan . 
  never heard of water restrictions , atleast in the last 20years . 
  that 's extremely rare even in very rural areas . 
  maybe in mountainous areas .
