also peri-urbanisation started in the 90s, 
  learned something today . 
  thanks . 
  that doesnt work anymore ... 
  20go cap for 10 $ / month isnt too bad . 
  we say week-end . 
  reliability index : http://www.reliabilityindex.com/manufacturer french manufacturers are more reliable than germans . 
  wtf , 3mm ? 
  i can reach that kind of accuracy with my pen . 
  we will have a better idea after les r\u00e9publicains ' primary, 
  it 's totally possible in the case of sarkozy vs le pen . 
  sarkozy is our clinton . 
  build a wall and have wolves pay for it . 
  only if you write it as cock ovin, 
  map is wrong . 
  winter tires are never mandatory in france . 
  chains may be in some places though, 
  france has been working for the european flag from the start . 
  brief tactical retreat . 
  he does n't read memos . . 
  it is . 
  bic is french ... 
  i doubt orly is protected by belgian soldiers, 
  he could be both . 
  only 3 years and 10 months left . 
  i guess you are mistaken . 
  the proposed constitution by erdogan removes things like independence of justice and balance of powers . 
  literally iran2, 
  but eu has way more potential as poorer countries are playing catch up really fast . 
  it 's hard to say how it 's going to work . 
  populism often works short term but has negative impacts on the longer run . 
  germany spent 21.7 billions on refugees in 2016 . 
  an estimated 90 % of that cost had been reimbursed by the economic boost created by immigration . 
  it 's an investment . 
  in france , immigration creates more wealth than it cost . 
  25 billions . 
  he is the lesser of 3 evil ... 
  he is anti-putin though , called him a dictator . 
  she literally uses neo-nazis groups as personal guard . 
  you could produce electricity by burning dead babies . 
  they were pictures coming from known isis twitter accounts that she re-twitted . . 
  spreading daesh propaganda should be . 
  hmmmmmm , that 's not what he said . 
  they do n't really care . 
  they just know they had a better chance with fillon than le pen . 
  lol . 
  with fillon on the edge of quitting , she is trying to get part of his electorate . 
  fillon is the closest . 
  he is their champion . 
  pretty sure she would love to see it changed to `` travail , famille , patrie '', 
  it 's obvious , not hard truth . 
  it 's easy and doesnt accomplish anything besides pushing her agenda . 
  she has no real solution except spreading hatred . 
  it 's so bad in france that my family came to live here !, 
  same thing happening in the us with latinos . 
  it 's exactly the same ideology that caused the shoah, 
  it exists but it 's only for business conducted in foreign countries known for kidnappings . 
  french police . 
  bac in this case , it 's an unit made with the worst scum of police forces to fight delinquents in the suburbs . 
  and they take it literally . 
  gendarmes are way better regarded and do n't intervene in large cities . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  and in this case , they set fire to a trash bin and it started propagating to a car close by . 
  nop . 
  not going to happen . 
  no left voter is going to vote for her . 
  it would end up with 75/25 just like 2002, 
  probably because he is appealing to twitter 's biggest audience : teenagers . . 
  you can see that with greek 's most followed twitter which is nikos aliagas a french tv host . 
  less chance to fail your suicide attempt with a gun though . 
  not at that scale , no, 
  do n't know yet , too soon to tell, 
  they call it alt-right to not get butthurt, 
  who cares why he fucks a plushie . 
  but his mom is crazy . 
  oh look a german with a sense of humour !, 
  but we are talking about eggs , not overall infections, 
  but german architecture is pretty [ shitty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/01nexqt.jpg ) though, 
  truck drivers actually do work full time in france or germany living in their trucks with polish minimum wage . 
  nantes isnt part of britanny . 
  he does better at human rights and climate change than trump ... 
  it still is . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is n't socialist 's party leader . 
  le pen 's family is part of the 1 % . 
  and if you go take a look at their votes in the french or european parliaments last few years , they are pretty much all for tax cuts for the rich etc. . 
  do n't worry about the children , they are back from church and got their share of ~ ~ semen ~ ~ sermons . 
  oh yes she can . 
  their plan is to dissolve the parliament as many times as necessary until people gets tired to go vote every few weeks . 
  wo n't work . 
  she said she would dissolve the assembly as many times as necessary to have a comfortable composition and use ordinances and 49.3 to pass everything she wants . 
  presidents in france have way more power than in the us . 
  but france does n't need her !, 
  that , ladies , is what allows us to say fn voters are dumb people . 
  he is n't the smartest one either . 
  philipot is to blame for allowing fn to grow that much, 
  not gon na happen . 
  that 's called marketing and apple does the same . 
  lol quality . 
  they do ... 
  melania or even donnie do n't have the experience in politics that le pen has .
