  it 's just le bestest country in the world . 
  definitely breton first too . 
  got to be salted butter though, 
  yes it 's mostly done in normandie and nearby regions . 
  while eating cheese on buttered bread and drinking red wine . 
  i do n't remember ever having a sex ed class, 
  no it 's not always negative . 
  smoking 1 cigarette is n't worse than drinking a beer . 
  i like that our politician women are a good example of beauty in diversity . 
  and knowing that he has a sub-fetish with older women makes him interesting, 
  not common but happens every few years for a few days . 
  not legal but no-one cares . 
  hellfest is big also with an attendance of 160k, 
  i find that ch ` ti is funniest, 
  or build a wall and have them pay for it . 
  ok now that the law passed , you still have the same ratio of cops/migrants to apply it . . 
  you are confusing vegetarian and vegan . 
  i generally say `` omelette du fromage , je capitule ! '', 
  5km/h under 100 then 5 %, 
  nothing beats botenn anna, 
  mlp is liberal . 
  she wo n't say it because populism . 
  op is clearly on the far-right spectrum, 
  china is probably less fucked up than the us atm, 
  what would you do that would screw with the us government but not americans ? 
  protests do n't do shit . 
  strikes do . 
  i know because french . 
  which part of `` freedom of speech '' is n't freedom ? 
  and justice is not government . 
  when a cigarettes pack cost 7 $ , it 's a good way to sell 3 of them, 
  dailymotion died the day they were bought by vivendi, 
  yes, 
  same for tour de bretagne in nantes, 
  yes but you should n't be detained for more than a raisonable amount of time without proof . 
  should we worry about the us coming to `` free '' us ? 
  at the moment , there is a good chance valls will lose the primary to hamon . 
  if valls wins it , a big chunk of hamon 's electorate will go to m\u00e9lenchon . 
  fillon is in a bad spot as of today because of latest news . 
  you might want to read more about m\u00e9lenchon who actually has a chance , in particular if valls win the primary next sunday . 
  heresa, 
  only dangerous one is france is the mediterranean black widow which looks pretty cool, 
  upload and download, 
  festival interceltique de lorient notamment . 
  festival interceltique de lorient comes to mind . 
  traditional music and dress everywhere . 
  a small minority ? 
  le pen is more like mike pence while trump is more like a mix of macron and fillon . 
  fillon is way more to the right than sarkozy ever was . 
  his views on abortion and same-sex marriage are even more conservative than marines ' and closer to marion mar\u00e9chal . 
  barn gods . 
  there are multiple sciencespo . 
  english jails ? 
  white socks with sandals is how we spot germans in france . 
  ( and they tend to be taller , skinnier and whiter ), 
  you really sound like you are reciting what your parents say . 
  sncf is recruiting train drivers if you do n't care about moving everywhere everyday with a shitty schedule , not having a family life and being considered as shit by the rest of the population . 
  only dumbasses have a lack of consideration towards sncf employees . 
  hate the company , not their employees . 
  presidentials : 80-85 % parliaments : 55-60 % europeans : 40-45 % referendums : 30-70 % r\u00e9gionales : 50-60 % d\u00e9partementales : 45-50 % municipales : 60-65 %, 
  air pollution causes 500,000 deaths every year in europe ... 
  i would n't call that `` not a serious problem '' . 
  with north korea . 
  not especially but the movement is clearly on the far right spectrum . 
  far right rising ? 
  what 's wrong with being a leftist ? 
  that 's exactly what 's happening in a lot of places in europe at the moment . 
  it 's mostly about having something , anything to blame which is n't part of the country : immigrants , eu . . 
  also we use the term hollande for netherlands which coincidentally the name of our president, 
  france here . 
  besides my grandfather 's hunting rifle , i do not know of anyone within my family and friends who owns a gun . 
  i will be the first one in a few months but for sports and its not that easy to have the authorisations . 
  not allowed to carry it except on the way to the range . 
  we had our share of tom sawyer, 
  in french it 's : le 21 janvier , le 5 ao\u00fbt ... 
  also living near rennes . 
  note that there are many medieval cities around like st malo , financial , foug\u00e8res , vitr\u00e9 . . and many many many more, 
  common in france , mainly as a cheaper alternative to chicken, 
  jaywalking part is true . 
  went to a small town north of germany with my classmates and people looked at us like we were criminals when we crossed the road at red light even if there were no car, 
  `` distributeur automatique de billets ( dab ) '' in french . 
  in france you get rsa ( 524 $ if you are single without child up to 1100 for a couple with 2 children ) . 
  then there are additional funds like apl to help pay your rent or cmu for healthcare . 
  but it only really allows to survive . 
  knives are n't that much of a risk compared to guns . 
  you could disarm most knives with a rolling pin pretty easily . 
  look for chimay , leffe , grimbergen or affligem . 
  those are pretty good and should n't be too hard to find . 
  heineken , carlsberg , stella , etc. . are considered piss in europe . 
  ( and they do taste like watered down piss ), 
  about 80 % of the population is against this law which is a 50years regression . 
  culture , a lot . 
  not as big as pains au chocolat for example . 
  but it 's the kind of dessert you might eat on sundays . 
  we have dozens of other kind of other pastries you will find in every bakery ... 
  do n't know where to start ... 
  i 'm breton , french and european . 
  and proud to be each and every of these . 
  in france , we have been reforestating a lot for the last 50 years . 
  where do you live ?
