how it 's relevant when it happened ? 
  i just pointed out problem that 's already present and pointed out that children should n't be treated like this . 
  they 're all welcomed in germany i hear and in sweden , and now both are starting to leak . 
  we did ? 
  yes but you could show them your hospitality and get us free pr . 
  no one invited them here . 
  if they want safety then there 's plenty of other eu countries to choose from , i heard that east europe has plenty of room to choose from . 
  i 'm just happy to know that shit is going to go down and everyone living inside bubble has to wake up into reality with the riots and ridiculous demands these people are going to make . 
  i just hope not too many will slip to finland , it 's the goddamn sweden advertising itself as free welfare country , not finland . 
  decades being snobby over to finland and now they 're getting flooded by their pets and drowning in it . 
  ca n't say i 'm not enjoying the view from afar . 
  decades of statistics and data to show that they wont integrate and you fix the problem by taking more people , way to fix already strained economy . 
  that does n't change the fact that you are taking 2000 immigrants each day and there 's about same amount going in illegally , granted some of them move to finland or norway but the situation would be straining , no ? 
  and that does n't change the fact you are undergoing real estate bubble right now , with lack of housing in cities . 
  after bursting you might lose your credit standing which in return affects your ability to take debt , which in return leads to budget cuts ... well you can see where i 'm going with this . 
  i do n't think it 's panicking when you are going billions each year in red from immigration ( even after you count the works such as translator or social helper as green ) , if anything you should have alarms flashing red and telling you to stop taking more and try to integrate the old ones slightly better . 
  just taking them blindly and pushing them to cities is n't really doing anyone favors , i hope we can agree very least that much ? 
  only proving my point then . 
  you can count the numbers yourself if you do n't think they 're credible . 
  sure there 's things like some of them leaving but that does n't mean that you are taking substantial amount of people , that according to statistics wo n't work or have decent degree nor skills , and worst of them ca n't even speak or write in required fashion ... 
  so yeah ... whatever the result may be , it 's going to be more than just strain on your economics . 
  i have no real reason to point out why or how . 
  you can just read yourself about it on anywhere . 
  such as how will this affect economy , how this will affect education , how this will affect general safety and such . 
  i mean there 's some good things behind this but , the matter at hand now was deporting people with safe countries of origin and you just go with the victim complex for the refugees and generalize every single of them as someone that has to dodge bullets in their home country . 
  you just keep blindly chanting that everyone is racist fascist nazi , until it will lose it 's meaning or there 's actually just racists fascists nazis around , and neither really is good . 
  and the worst part ? 
  no one takes you seriously outside your circle jerking social circle so have fun . 
  i mean people like you probably have good ideas regarding how to improve this but the first time you spout out that someone is nazi for being concerned about how when regarding the situation , because we 're taking unlimited about of immigrants and paying for it , well after that you will lose all credibility . 
  oh my bad , i read biased info or old ? 
  still does n't change the fact that anyone can be syrian these days though . . trash your old passport and forge new one since they 're generally accepted ... 
  in finland there 's less than 3 % syrians , afaik the number was 10 % for germany . 
  there 's going to be endless supply in africa and afganistan , iraq pretty much ... 
  to their countries of origin ? 
  you know some somalis take vacations to their host countries and so do iraqi so i really do n't think it 's * that * dangerous . 
  they leave ? 
  not like they want to stay inside country where they got no job or welfare and it 's -20 \u00b0 c outside ? 
  yet it has only been going up since 70s, 
  ah no sorry . 
  they 're housed in immigration center & given food & moneys so yeah , it 's not really good solution . 
  some scandinavian countries may support them for a year during which there 's investigation regarding the matter . 
  of course i strongly feel that this will change , however not in sweden . 
  http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.1097/the-numbers-are-out-swedes-will-be-a-minority-in-few-years.html you can check the immigrant pop . 
  + count how many they take per year and compare it to native pop . 
  there was bigger article in finnish but i do n't think you can read that so i just took first one that looked remotely okay . 
  you have to understand that currently there 's about 1:1 ratio to illegals in sweden too , for every asylum seeker there 's one illegal according to swedish police . 
  and that 's coming not already present that is . 
  most are inside 20-50 age pop in swede regarding the financial situation , their real estate prices have tripled which in return raised their national wealth significantly . 
  there are couple estimates but who 's going to pay the taxes if the immigrants are , as in statistics show , very scarce to work ? 
  they are already going billions under from immigration and that 's on top of 200b debt , once the housing bubble burst we can only assume their credit rating will plummet and which in return make their situation even more harder . 
  all to keep ethnic germans inside so they ca n't flee and merkel is able to keep up with welfare and costs, 
  it 's true what they say , germans got the best humor . 
  stop_paying_welfare it 's like `` oh no we are paying them to stay , oh noes we 're never going to be rid of them '' just vote for sd and i 'm sure they might figure it out as your current party leader intellectuals failed to do so . 
  hell sweden has winters cold enough to act as repellent . 
  because wrecking your country by having no gates in migration business is really smart . 
  yep , lets fix it by taking more people and raising taxes . 
  yep smart as hell , you sure did right call voting your current body in . 
  maybe if you keep voting them you do n't have to wait 'till 2030 to be minority in your own country and financially bankrupt in the next decade . 
  5/5 would keep voting for your current parties . 
  i hope so too but considering islam at mildest still opresses women and think dog have been touched by satan . 
  not to mention the statistics for people that think leaving islam should be punished by death is alarmingly high ... 
  but we can always hope . 
  yet you do n't vote sd because otherwise satan will have your souls . 
  ah the original question was to name 3 muslim majority countries that has no persecution towards christians , because i could only think of 2 , which is sadly really low number considering amount of muslim countries ... ah no , there was priest fined and imprisoned if i 'm not mixing countries here because he did n't register . 
  yeah it 's pretty safe in kazakhstan but you need to register though , or you get fined ... 
  but yeah 3 countries :p, 
  http://www.christianpost.com/news/report-9-out-of-10-top-christian-persecution-countries-due-to-islamic-extremism-112255/ so i guess that counts as a no then ? 
  the discussion was about racism so i felt it was apt to bring out zimbabwe and south-africa , the fact that you are keen on saying any criticism towards other religions is bad , and since you think some groups have immunity towards criticism , despite practicing very harsh persecution . 
  so i figured i 'd get it out to see your take on the matter . 
  is one kind racism okay but the other is n't ? 
  and we 're getting refugees from those places ? 
  if we 're going by historical records should n't we be preparing for war with the immigrants since historically christianity has n't been treated well by islam ? 
  and really ? 
  from what i can remember the quality of life and industrial life is improved by western presence in those countries . 
  of course companies make profit of them , but they still improve their quality of life when compared if there was no industries . 
  sugar on top , you realize muslims are chanting `` kill the jews '' in sweden in public protests ? 
  are you still angry about ww2 and that 's why you want them here ? 
  i thought you were supposed to be tolerant . 
  and you still failed to answer most of my questions regarding housing , the prospects in cultural clashes and such but you again cherry picked and went with whole ad hominem , instead you go `` racist !! '', 
  when i mention that we simply do n't have the money or housing for them here , which is a fact . 
  good job . 
  so according to you it 's fine to not criticize other cultures , religions and races ? 
  even if something like rotherham happens ? 
  arent you just saying i was right then ? 
  if you do you are a racist and it 's wrong ? 
  we got clear example of different shades of muslims fighting between themselves , how can you blame people for considering the fact that they would fight with other religions and cultures ? 
  sure racism is bad and should be criticized but when you go overboard with your lunacy you get sweden . 
  less than 10 years they will be minority in their own country and even in less time they will collapse should they continue the trend . 
  that 's a fact and not an opinion . 
  and as long we do n't help the countries in need there 'll be people coming endlessly , so instead of spending billions for welfare should n't we try to improve the infrastructure of those countries ? 
  wanting to close your borders and lessen the strain on national level is n't racist , if the nation spent billions and billions in military and then cutting in pensions , welfare and health care would n't you say it 's wrong ? 
  i understand you want to help , but most people do n't want to give up what has been built for generations . 
  and what you think happens then ? 
  you really should remember that ww2 started because of common hatred for ethnic group and poverty . 
  are you naive enough to think that would n't happen again ? 
  you have this black and white view of the world , i do n't know , maybe it 's the media but you really ought to consider other perspectives for the matter . 
  say we take 10m every year for the next decade , we would without a doubt financially collapse , welfare , health care paid by taxes would collapse . 
  and the end result would be that there would still be 4b africans with poor lives , and so would we . 
  who exactly are we helping ? 
  the very minority among minority ?
