  one billion is one thousand millions by the way . 
  i made couple edits instead of deleting and you had already answered and i brought kony 2012 only as example of fad that will die out , however this what 's happening now is having far longer effects than just some pin you bought . 
  talk about cherry picking , it 's like you did n't even bother reading what i wrote because you got triggered by something non essential . 
  see zimbabwe , south-africa ? 
  there 's lots of persecution going around there but i do n't see you raging about that . 
  not to mention zimbabwe practically collapsed after they drove white people away , and even today their agriculture is in very bad shape . 
  how exactly has europe contributed to far-east situation ? 
  * they * are doing the fighting among themselves , if they ca n't behave with different shade of islam how can we expect them behave with other religions and cultures ? 
  i 'm not against taking people fleeing the persecuted but what exactly happens when we take those that persecuted them ? 
  you realize that the trip is very costly , very few could afford it . 
  what 's to prevent the majority of persecutors from stealing money and selling the possessions of these non believers and just travel here for leisure life ? 
  you barely have got 1m immigrants but your police force , infrastructure is already shambling and you want to take more without limit and you claim those that disagree with you as nazis or racists ? 
  take a good review of the situation and consider what will happen in the next decade and can you tell what happens when you run out of housing and money to support these people , as sweden has . 
  i hope all the best , but you should really think about the whole matter outside `` everything is racist '' perspective . 
  you are delusional , not everyone is nazi racist fascist for not agreeing with your world view that we cure the world by allowing couple million each year to migrate here . 
  as long we do n't try to help the countries they are in there 's going to be endlessly people coming here . 
  and what the hell , why is it our responsibility to cure these places ? 
  if you want to help , then help but do n't expect everyone else to do so too . 
  i do realize that you got open wound for starting both world wars but for the love of god try to think before you start spamming that everyone that thinks that criminals or welfare leeches are bad , even if they happen to be different culture , religion or race from yours , is a goddamn racist fascist nazi . 
  i do realize that it 's a fad like kony 2012 but failure to even think how when and is this even possible will only harm you , your children and their children . 
  i 'm not against immigration , but having unrestricted immigration and allowing the migrants choose where they go without limiting it anyhow is not going to work , because they will always prioritize countries with welfare and free health care , and in return those services will sooner or later be shut down because they ca n't be sustained . 
  i do n't know you , but for me personally you strike as a fool that keeps chanting racist racist for the slightest provocation on subject that would require very critical thinking . 
  people like you are the reason why things like rotherham was allowed to happen . 
  why ca n't you germans try to take things in moderation ? 
  always trying to ruin eu , first was both world wars and now you try to sink whole eu in debt and unskilled labor that has been proven by every statistic ever to not integrate or work . 
  bad things are bad and should be allowed to criticized no matter what color race or fucking hat they 're wearing . 
  just because they think oranges taste better does n't give them magical fucking right to be above law or criticism . 
  and the first thing you do is call them nazis who do criticize them . 
  you are hypocrisy incarnate . 
  edit : if you disagree with me you should n't try spamming alts to down vote and instead refute me why i 'm wrong . 
  no way i 'm dropping from +20 up votes to 2 and not a single response . 
  yeah keep telling that , maybe some day it 's going to be true but not while any of us is alive . 
  name 3 countries with muslim majority in which christians have been able to live in peace last 20 years ? 
  you sound delusional , you make it sound like bad thing to protest unlimited amount of refugees coming from countries from which basically everyone would want to immigrate , because of poverty . 
  it 's fine to be idealistic but there 's going to be massive problems regarding economical problems related to this , their education level , their culture which does n't exactly promote rights for women . 
  you promote `` liberal '' thinking but you fail to see the hypocrisy from taking unlimited amount people from countries which has the worst human rights in the world , not to mention there 's very little supervision what kind of people we 're taking . 
  and we 're doing shit job managing it , christians , sunni , shia are put into same camps in germany . 
  the people fleeing from persecution put in same place as those who persecuted them . 
  you advocate equal rights but fail to see the contradiction that eventually happens when they 're put govt . 
  supported housing in same area . 
  africa will have population that exceeds 3b in a decade , how many can you take ? 
  you barely can keep your infrastructure up with less than a million , yet you want to keep taking more . 
  i want number here because it 's relevant for the whole discussion to progress . 
  the fact is that unless the countries that they 're fleeing from ( see poverty ) are improved there 's going to be endless supply of 3rd world workers that ca n't write nor speak on the level demanded by any work in europe . 
  it 's fine if you want to lower your standards to 3rd world country level but you ca n't expect everyone else to do the same . 
  the fact is that we do n't have the capacity to both improve those countries and shelter any amount of people that would make the change , even now we 're not talking about but drop in the ocean number wise . 
  and hell how exactly it became our responsibility to care for these people ? 
  zimbabwe , south africa are just tip of the ice berg for white persecution that has happened but you do n't advocate their rights now do you ? 
  and i honestly hope you do not say anything about colonialism or taking advantage of indigenous people or you make yourself even bigger fool for not taking even look at the matter . 
  here 's really good video to put matters in concept easy to swallow : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle, 
  that 's because you can read the damn thing on net . 
  it 's like concentrated evil to make money for us . 
  the immigration does n't have instant effect , but in decade or two it 's going to bring slums and unemployment , which does n't affect as many people . 
  the quality of education , health care and welfare will be directly affected by it too but most do n't realize it . 
  not to mention the strained national budget and housing shortage as seen in sweden today . 
  not to mention the fact that they 're paying for it , probably tells about the people going to counter-protest ... 
  do you have any proof for your claims then ? 
  the problem is that they do n't work for harder , but everyone in the europe has to because we 're paying for all of it . 
  the fact is that there 's not enough low quality jobs around for every one of them . 
  and regards to food , i do n't think rice porridge for breakfast is bad , nor is chicken and rice for meal . 
  it 's just the regular food you see anywhere in finland , no way around it . 
  they 're given diverse food but the fact is that they expected golden city and keys to the kingdom according to themselves . 
  should we stop serving them healthy food and just order pizzas and kebab ? 
  they are fed breakfast , meal , dinner . 
  all with different `` theme '' . 
  they already have higher standard than our students you know ? 
  it 's fine to fool yourself but you have to wake up at some point , the question is whether it 'll be too late to avoid larger conflicts once you do . 
  and by this i mean that whether we 'll run out of money to supply them with welfare , like in sweden is going to happen in less than 10 years should the trend continue . 
  and there 's going to be massive amounts of radicals in eu because of open borders , no way around it . 
  if you think otherwise you are a fool . 
  what do you think they 're going to do in here ? 
  sit back and integrate ? 
  what exactly am i exaggerating about ? 
  the number they 'll bring ? 
  that 's core family according to goverment . 
  the amount of people coming ? 
  you realize that your initial guess from your own government was 300k . 
  they themselves said now that they expect 3m for next year , so who knows how many there 's going to be ? 
  there 's more people in africa than europe could ever handle you know ? 
  i agree that the situation should be discussed but as your chancellor already stated there 's no cap for people that want to come , i 'm sure there 's people willing to help but should the whole of eu be crippled because you thought it was nice gesture to help these people ? 
  from what i can tell about the refugees behavior in finland so far , they are n't feeling . 
  couple days after arriving we 've had news having people complain how our food is not good enough for them , the same food which is given to our conscripts and children in schools , how they find finland too boring and record number are going away from eu after arriving in finland and we 've even had hoax interviews ( children capable of finn brought as refugees ) . 
  you can look at sweden what the end result would be , massive burden on society and there 's majority of children that ca n't speak swedish so there 's going to be segregation no matter what you do . 
  sweden has had very open and warm society for them and it did n't help . 
  and now they 're burdened by economical situation that 's on verge of collapsing their nation in the next decade . 
  of course i highly doubt sweden will collapse it 's just lots of ifs , like if they keep taking immigrants at this pace , if they keep the current health care and welfare system . . 
  but the thing is that we should n't be lowering our standards but rather trying to increase the standards of those countries in need . 
  but just curious , how exactly is it a good thing to take people from countries that have no real danger in them and just aim for welfare ? 
  i 'm just pointing this out because our largest migrant base ( iraqi ) is employed at 14 % rate . 
  umm you mean it 's okay for state to support anti protesters by sponsoring them ? 
  have you considered how heavy the 1.5 m this year is going to be ? 
  how about next year , it 's going to be atleast double that because people have had time to prepare and save money for the trip . 
  and that 's without families are connected by state . . are n't you already running out of housing ? 
  how exactly are you going to create houses for 1.5 m x 5-8 people this year alone ? 
  next year the same repeats , 3m x 5-8 . 
  i understand you might not have thought it through but you should understand that the burden is massive , these people can write in arab , but not in latin alphabet or speak english , so the whole process to turn them into productive citizens will take years atleast . 
  german pop is about 80m , if you take about 10m this year with connected families how on earth will you manage all that ? 
  you realize they ignore turk , croatia , hungary etc to get into germany , not to work but because you have welfare system that allows them to live there without working , same applies to scandinavian countries and we 've had protests in finland about things like quality of food already , the very same food which is given to school children , conscripts and our elderly ... no one fleeing from war would n't complain about food after less than a month they arrive to ` safe ' place ... not to mention there 's differences in culture , like the position for females in hierarchy and frankly there 's already cases where dogs are fed poison and razor blades with meat that 's left to parks and near neighborhood , and that 's within weeks and months they first arrive . 
  what else can we expect from them when there 's going to be frustration and disappointment from europe not being the promised land of honey and sugar ? 
  not to mention there 's going to be endless supply of people coming from africa , even if we took 500m and double the population in eu , we would n't decrease the population in africa in the long run .
