waste of time , lives and money . 
  at cost of losing yugoslavia . 
  kosovo 's albanians are citizens of serbia . 
  they 've emigrated from albania . 
  oh and let me tell you , not even albanians have good opinions of kosovo albanians which goes to show that you people itself are the problem . 
  do you have even basic economy ? 
  be happy for what you had in yugoslavia because in most of the countries you would n't even had that back in 20th century . 
  your so called independence is worthless because you do n't know what you want . 
  bondstil base is nothing more than glorified organ transplantation base instead of yellow house . 
  you have so called vision of great albania while 90 % of population is poor and getting poorer . 
  who does that benefit ? 
  10 % of people , not the majority of the people . 
  albanians that were friendly to the serbs and that saw the problem of kla and how the things could only be worse , were silenced or brutally murdered . 
  which reminds me , how are those witnesses against haradinaj and thaci doing ? 
  well probably not good since they are dead . 
  the only thing you always did was lobbying and paying up us senators/marketing agencies . 
  how many albanians are actually true albanians ? 
  why did enver hoxha tried to albanize other parts of populations ? 
  why ca n't the people use their real surnames ? 
  reality is that people do n't care for countries anymore , they care for economy . 
  remember , the moment you have no real use to americans you will be left alone , and you have to remember that you 've antagonized most of the neighbors . 
  trepca mine must be bringing awesome profit to albright and clark as well as other ex-yugoslavian companies . 
  they are neverending problem . 
  people in the south albania are somewhat normal people . 
  the rest can go wherever they want . 
  oh wait they are already emigrating each year more and more . 
  phew good . 
  honestly it 's better if it is gas explosion which is n't good , but better that than another terrorist attack . 
  nice copying ... http://www.allempires.com/forum/forum_posts.asp?tid=23538&amp;pid=437551#437551 unless that 's you too , posting 8 years ago . 
  i said considered , ( the same way macedonians did ) , not recognized by others.that part of history is pretty vague and much can change . 
  illyrians considered themselves greek . 
  people that are n't sure of their history need the history of others . 
  it 's a sad tale of what happened to the natives in that land during centuries of ottoman occupation and changing the ethnic structure of population . 
  albanians are what they are . 
  people brought up from various regions between turkey and other countries and mixed with the what today is called albania . 
  if the settlers are illyrians , you are not . 
  yes the people that lived in the area of today 's albania had them as ancestors . 
  later on , the local population mixed with those that were brought here , the islam started mixing and so on . 
  georgios kastriotis fought against ottomans and for illyrians ( greeks ) . 
  that man is a greek hero , a man that hunted brankovic for betrayal of orthodox cause and serbian people . 
  to be honest , the country should be called ilyria , since those people were greeks . 
  and that 's what happens when you do n't resolve the problem 100 years ago by sharing fairly the parts of artificial albania between neighbors . 
  people used by both ottomans and austro-hungarians ( even their first king was of german origin prince william of wied ) . 
  make no mistake albania does exist , but not here . 
  it existed between the what is today armenia and georgia , caucasian albania . 
  now consider this , why does that state have the same shape as current albania , why do cities have really , really similar names ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/aghuank.jpg pre-turkish occupation , most of the people there were christians . 
  later on the turks brought them from their homeland to the balkans as workforce and the rest of what happened is history . 
  they do have history , they do have right to have country , but between georgia and armenia where their history lies , not on the balkans . 
  another serbian province , winning medal , yawn . 
  because having independent country where you could decide this without anyone forcing rules you do n't need is bad / sigh, 
  they won . 
  by agreeing with the results , you are all showing that you are politically mature . 
  enough with the infant like behavior . 
  even if you do n't agree , you have to respect the choice made in democratic referendum . 
  there is nothing left to break at this point since there is no more country that can call itself country . 
  however i agree , karma does have that tendency . 
  it would be ironic to see the independent scotland . 
  we were the mini-eu before the eu existed in the format that it exists today . 
  germany reunification is not the best event for the europe , but neither is the germany a country free of the usa control . 
  waiting to see if this turns into another scottish referendum . 
  if brexit wins , it will start balkanization of europe . 
  you should n't have participated in illegal dismantlement of yugoslavia . 
  it 's up to uk to decide . 
  he will not divide us . 
  we wo n't allow dictator to tell us what to do and how to live . 
  yesterday , the government started preparing act that would ban all ngo research that is n't approved by it . 
  we do n't want another slobo !, 
  and russia : you should be ashamed for supporting these crooks and dictator vucic . 
  i hope that russia will be free one day . 
  protests have started . 
  i 'll just list them , you can read about them in previous thread about serbian elections . 
  sasa radulovic - ex minister and entrepreneur 3 . 
  vuk jeremic - president of the 67th session of the united nations general assembly 4 . 
  give this man a cookie and an upvote :d, 
  should n't have participated in bombing of yugoslavia then , given the complex history between two countries . 
  the interests of germany are n't always the best interests of serbia . 
  germany supporting this maniac in the elections is not looked upon lightly . 
  every country has its interest , there are no friends in politics like in everyday life . 
  anyhow , that 's enough of derailing of this topic . 
  the point is , this guy must not win if democracy is to survive . 
  eu needs to stop supporting him , if they ever want to see serbia in eu . 
  what they are currently doing is counter productive and will only make people hate eu for supporting this lunacy . 
  same applies for russia and germany . 
  honestly , at least with germany we all know they still hate us and actively work against us to this day which is kinda fair , but eu and russia are surprise . 
  and to answer your question . 
  do you want trump clones to pop up everywhere in europe or to have slobodan milosevic clone as a member of eu ? 
  this people are same as sm . 
  hell , at one time sm was being called peace builder in the balkans by europe and usa . 
  people need to deal with remnants of slobo once and for all . 
  all those football hooligans , corruption and other things are caused by av . 
  he was one himself . 
  europe needs to help serbia remove cancerous cells before they spread through whole body and kill it . 
  the dictator needs to be stopped . 
  if eu does n't change its tune and start helping on toppling this regime and maniac , do n't expect people to choose eu even if they get rid of him , since it will be remembered who turned blank eye . 
  both russia and germany should be ashamed too for supporting this dictator , ceausescu light . 
  as legal as it was in slobo 's time . 
  this guy was ex-minister of information back in 90 's . 
  no he does n't care about anything , and if he wins he will probably change constitution to give the office of president more power ( and change the system from parliamentary to presidential , in similar way like erdogan is doing right now ) . 
  one thing is for certain : even if he loses the election he wo n't give up power and he will cling to it until last moment like slobo did .
