  that particular type of behavior change also results in a tendency to see any and all future competition for your children as unwanted and unneeded . 
  not a good trait for anyone in position of power . 
  russia uses the rules when it 's convenient . 
  russia breaks the rules when it 's convenient . 
  quite simple , really ... 
  good luck with that , mr. xenophobe . 
  `` the cohesion fund is aimed at member states whose gross national income ( gni ) per inhabitant is less than 90 % of the eu average '' it balances itself in the long run , moving money to where it is needed the most . 
  you are probably talking about the coarse grade , we have fine , semi-coarse , coarse and semolina types . 
  each recipe usually calls for one of them . 
  numbers are new to me as well . 
  we have four basic types of wheat flour : fine , semi-coarse , coarse and semolina . 
  the fine flour is used for sauces and light/delicate pastry . 
  the semi-course flour is sort of universal , usually used for cakes and a leaven dough . 
  the course flour is used for dumplings and some of our cakes . 
  the fourth is semolina , again used for dumplings , some versions of pancakes . 
  not going into detail about the more specialised types like spelt wheat flour , rye flour ( mixed with wheat flour for our countless types of bread ) , wholemeat flour , etc. 
  in case of classified documents , bob 's activity would be probably treated as illegal as well , at least here . 
  generaly good historical relations with jews , a significant support of weapons , ammo , fighter planes and training during the war in 1948 and historical parallels between our countries and the problems they had to face . 
  we simply like them . 
  a lot . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  i 've enjoyed the french collection and i felt i 'd like to see a czech collection as well . 
  prague is fun but our countryside is amazing as well , as a kid i 've spent most of my summer holidays visiting towns , villages and castles all over the country . 
  nonsense . 
  nazis already occupied parts of our country for a year and the rest of the country for 6 months . 
  the war started early for us . 
  helped to what ? 
  what is their perspective , their future ? 
  they will end up in `` safe '' ghettos with minimal integration and future prospects . 
  their kids will grow up in these ghettos and again fail to get the basics required to fully integrate , so they will likely remain in ghettos . 
  and i can easily see your politicians and authorities avoiding the subject in order to avoid looking xenophobic or racist , and thus doing a great disservice to the disenfranchised minority . 
  it might take generations to fix the mess . 
  your `` selfless '' help is an offer of water to a thirsty man from a poisoned chalice . 
  you have to keep reading the books in order to understand their value . 
  but if you do n't know it , why would you bother looking for it ? 
  anyway , people not reading the books are one of main reasons why the humanity keeps repeating the same mistakes over and over again . 
  warning , extreme nsfi spaghetti + ketchup + eidam ( our shitty tasteless version of edam ) was the only way how to eat them until i started to learn cooking on my own in my twenties . 
  thanks mom . 
  we also broke spaghetti into little pieces to make them easier to eat . 
  long noodles were so bothersome . 
  edit : [ adding a bit of `` meat '' is also an option ] ( https://im.stream.cz/episode/574dde979025997e605b0200/1200/630 ), 
  any country with sea and moderate weather without extreme winters and summers will do . 
  dealing with temperatures ranging from -30 \u2103 to nearly 40 \u2103 is starting to be mildly annoying . 
  if we decide to activate article 50 , it will be when eu as a whole will become fubar , not because of money . 
  eu was never about money for us . 
  well , the god-emperor of mankind is supposed to be born in anatolia ... 
  damn ... 
  the study shows numbers for answers : `` since 15 years old '' . 
  i am willing to bet that pretty much any male could say yes , at least once , to at least one of the questions . 
  and since they rolled up all vague answers like that into final numbers , it would be 100 % or close to 100 % . 
  that males are more `` violent '' in natural , but only against each other . 
  the fact that so many females ( ~ 70 % , not 4 out of 5 , i have to correct myself there ) said no to the study , in my opinion really shows how much are men holding back when dealing with females . 
  based on this study , i would praise males for their continued kindness and concern for female safety . 
  :d and yes , i am perfectly aware that people doing this study had something completely different in mind , but after years of interest in gender studies i am tired of scaremongering scrubs that look at numbers and scream murder . 
  to me this study is another proof that european females live in greater safety than males and that 's good . 
  not perfect , but still a reason to be happy . 
  there 's a reason why i am twisting the message of the study around , 
  five males out of five could say yes to some of questions used in the study . 
  that 4 out of 5 females fail to say the same shows how our societies are good at protecting females . 
  from the physical category : grabbing and pushing is `` hostile '' in my eyes . 
  in most cases it 's just a part of a heated human interaction , not an act of violence . 
  and from the second group , questions 3 and 4 are also badly defined , they cover a huge range of events ranging from really bad stuff to trivial nonsense . 
  the result rolled everything in one number and attempted to paint a much more bleak picture than what it asked . 
  that 's actually an amazing achievement that so many females never experienced anything from that very broad list of hostile and `` hostile '' acts . 
   scotch eggs * googling scotch eggs * looks just like a smaller version of our classic meatloaf with eggs . 
  when i was in school , i had to learn about yugoslavia , soviet union , brd and ddr . 
  these early memories are surprisingly resistant ... 
  yugoslavia is still the first thing that pops into my mind whenever i hear something balkan related . 
  successor states come after that with some effort . 
  feel free to propose that in your city but i am going to keep my beautiful old prague . 
  no modern , soulless cage of glass and steel could ever replace that . 
  brb , getting a shovel . 
  ouch, 
  why would you think that ? 
  did we do something that would warrant such suspicion ? 
  whenever we were connected with poorer countries or regions in the modern history ( slovakia , ruthenia ... ) , we 've put significant effort into development of those regions . 
  depends on the culture . 
  many people around here live with their parents until they find a partner and only then they start looking for their own place , together . 
  i completely agree . 
  considering that nice but naive generosity of certain western countries ( cough germany cough sweden cough ) was the main reason why the huge wave of illegal immigrants entered hungary in the first place , i would n't try to pin the blame on hungarians . 
  i would n't find this particular issue a problem . 
  it serves to remind authorities that picking a lesser evil ( displacement ) over the greater ( mass casualties ) still breaks the rights of affected people and that responsible parties should seek out a better solution as soon as it is viable . 
   the other one has around 7 % of darker population living in a segregated communities ( imagine favelas of rio de janeiro ), 
  just google the romani population in slovakia . 
  i have no idea . 
  but imagine germany leaving eu while everybody else decides to stay . 
  what would czechs do ? 
  take a hit on a huge part of economy that 's deeply integrated with germany or take a hit on the rest ? 
  i can imagine scotland is in a similar spot . 
  it 's a lose-lose scenario . 
  i would n't mind seeing scottland in eu , but do they have a solid estimate whether it 's worth it ? 
  i mean obviously being in eu should be a good thing , but if they are too integrated with british economy , then the damage caused by going independent could easily outweigh the benefits of eu . 
  watching and laughing, 
  every foreign intelligence service has two and only two real directives ( not including counter-intelligence ) . 
  1 ) spy on everybody at all times . 
  2 ) do n't get caught , deny everything . 
  i too have a profound dislike for modern hipsters/lumbersexuals . 
  or are they talking about some other homoempire ? 
  putin the everchosen ? 
   the income of the median european retiree is as high as that of the median active worker , and in some countries is even higher .
