  if schengen closes down , we will have calais scenarios popping along the entire the german border , because refugees will still want to go into germany and screw the rest . 
  they will just hit the border again and again until they succeed . 
  what can i say , i am very fond of my current president and his voters . 
  what problem ? 
  french farmers , one of greatest shining pillars of eu solidarity and unity . 
   i am surprised they can actually produce something in between all that whining . 
  that and a new set of `` guidance '' from his seme putin . 
  the turnip-for-brain half of the population adores him , the other half just tries to survive the endless facepalming without life-lasting injuries . 
  russian lovers are luckily only a small , but very vocal minority . 
  and very few people care about china one way or another . 
  edit : opinions about eu are varied as anywhere else in eu . 
  we are probably more euro-sceptic than usual , because we have the natural aversion towards central authorities and there 's a general lack of faith in bureaucratic competence in ... well , anything except more bureaucracy . 
  any source on that ? 
  i find it hard to believe that they would be that stupid and suggested that without also having an idea how to pay for all of that . 
  a nice analogy . 
  and i agree . 
  yep , soc-lib square , here i go . 
  albeit close economic left/right : -1.13 social libertarian/authoritarian : -2.1, 
  no , obviously not . 
  but i think a big part of the problem is that we do n't know how to enforce that . 
  existing mechanics are simply not prepared for the sheer scale of this wave and can not handle it . 
  it will need a huge amount of resources , qualified personnel and patience to handle more than a million of refugees where great many of them have poor or no knowledge of any european language and miserable understanding of our culture and work ethics . 
  and we have weeks or maybe few months to put the foundation for all of this in place before the situation spins out of control and populists hijack it completely . 
  you might reduce a risk of one particular reason for a war in the future , but by destroying the idea of unity represented by eu you would introduce an entire new set of horrific scenarios and security challenges . 
  these immigrants are nothing compared to all kinds of possible conflicts between bitter and disillusioned european countries . 
  no , they do n't . 
  i suspect many of them do n't have a clue about many european countries and are focused on germany as all or nothing option , because even many ee eu countries would be a decent option to settle down compared to where they came from . 
  that was most noticeable when almost all refugees passing from hungary to austria rejected an offer to request asylum there , and instead wanted to continue to germany . 
  so it 's not just poorer ee countries , even austria is n't `` good enough '' . 
  quotas are pipe dream at this point . 
  you would have to forcefully split them , drag them screaming from germany and literally jail them all over europe in order to prevent them running back at the first opportunity , rules be damned . 
  that 's how things stand right now . 
  does n't surprise me in the slightest . 
  their clinically insane faith that their officials and lawmakers know what they are doing , is out of this world . 
  that would be really really stupid thing to do in the long run . 
  but we have enough troglodytes to support that , that 's true . 
  we are closer to being survivors of christianity , not christians . 
  but there are still religious folks here and there . 
  imho this decision was more humane . 
  we can either let them go where they want to go . 
  or we can catch them , forcefully detain them in camps and ex-prison facitilies for several weeks ... and then let them go where they want to go , because we ca n't keep them imprisoned forever and we ca n't return them where they came from , because the previous line of eu countries is not accepting them back anymore . 
  edit : but i 'd still feel safer if our police force put some effort into proper identification and at least health and security check before letting them through , so we do n't have an unknown number of unidentified people roaming the countryside . 
  the answer is a massive effort to help rebuilding the middle east , so they can get back their homes and dignity and live in peace . 
  until that rot is cured , it will always spoil the entire area for everybody . 
  can you really call the immigration a success or a failure , a binary yes or now ? 
  sure , it created a lot of trouble and statistics show that a above average amount of immigrants and their children are struggling . 
  but at the same time there are many people who managed to integrate and succeed , even their kids . 
  in most ethnic groups there are more people integrating properly than not , only few are screwed up ( somalis are probably some of worst i 've heard about ) . 
  political correctness is a mess , though . 
  how can you properly address a problem when you are not even allowed to analyse it , measure it and describe it ? 
  well , populists will use anything that irks people and is n't getting enough attention from the existing government . 
  but in my opinion it is easier to vilify an outside element your people have little exposure to , than a group that already lives within your ranks and most members of the group are fine . 
  you will find a much stronger opposition to the populists , and thus much higher chance that nothing really bad will happen . 
  we are rejecting quota solution because we are afraid of refugees ( we have almost no contact with islam and no way to make a positive experience with muslims over here , publicly known members of our tiny muslim community are known for their radical ideas ) , and suddenly we are somehow shirking all our duties as eu members . 
  just one . 
  that will get us to the far-right rule even faster , i am afraid . 
  it enforces the image of being under `` siege '' from outside elements , `` us vs them '' scenario and that is all it 's needed . 
  if that 's the aim , then germany is doing it wrong . 
  refugees must be contained and properly documented at the schengen borders and most of our effort and money should be aimed at bolstering the capacity and resources available on the spot . 
  the current situation when we have unknown number of unknown unidentified untracked individuals moving across european countries is a huge security nightmare and a ticking bomb . 
  i mean , there is nothing wrong about moving the refugees to any place in eu that 's willing to accept them , but we absolutely need to know their identities , do basic security and medical checks and make sure that we can monitor their movement to their new destination . 
  we ca n't just throw our hands up and allow them to roam free . 
  that 's exactly what makes people furious and scared ... 
  in that case russia or china would step in and happily provide for all murderous genocidal jihadi needs of our peaceful middle eastern neighbours . 
  good point . 
  that 's the most likely explanation , 
  i ca n't really compare with austria , but my mom lives in bavaria and when she visits our supermarkets , she starts to rage ... and rage . 
  she does n't understand why the prices on food are so high ( no , she can convert euro to crowns  ) . 
  eletronics are same . 
  clothes are overpriced , home equipment same for low level stuff , overpriced for any mid-tier quality and ... well they do n't usually bother to offer high-end stuff . 
  for czechs , mid-tier quality is high end . 
  then there is a running cause with our supermarket chains ordering subpar crappy cheap version of foreign products and selling it under same label as in the west . 
  `` tailored to local taste '' is their excuse . 
  eu court sadly declared that it is legal to sell different products under same label and marking in different eu countries . 
  i am sorry , i was n't clear . 
  it is in our interest to be on your good side , that 's common sense . 
  you also have a much more sensible view of russia than our western neighbors ... my sigh was aimed at the fact that it is not enough . 
  circumstances can change , your country can take a different political direction , who knows what the future brings . 
  and then suddenly the small country hoping for a help in a dire moment finds that she is just a sacrificial pawn in the cold game of superpowers , her allies ditching her without blinking an eye because the escalation did not outweight the cost . 
  this has happened three times to us during 20th century ( munich 38 , potsdam 45 and also kind of in 68 ) , so you can imagine that i am a little bit jaded about it but s ** t happens to small countries , that 's the fact of life . 
  the self control aspect is reasonable . 
  wine ... no clue . 
  possibly some kind of defensive mechanism to raise a barrier against external cultural influence . 
  i think it 's more accurate to say that every town has an abstinent . 
  a real one !, 
  i do n't see a problem with binge drinking being called sinful . 
  that 's just a person 's lack of self-control . 
  if only politics worked like that . 
  i ca n't compare the state of the continent before and after eu . 
  i just do n't have enough data for it . 
  so when i say that i consider europe after eu a better place , it 's only based on my observations and feelings . 
  but i think that you are also exaggerating , when you are comparing cssr with current eu . 
  even if you looked only at the current greece as the weakest member of eu , greeks would still be in much better condition than the horrible state of cssr in 80s . 
  our country was nearly unsalvageable , factories in a horrible shape and without money for reconstructions and refits , and communists ran out of ideas and resources in their incompetent attempts to fix it . 
  yeah , for some reason most of us really , really dislike the idea of moving to a different country . 
  i would be easily able to get 4-5x higher salary for my job , if i moved several hundred kilometers to the north . 
  i have rejected three offers from germany for such job over last year . 
  i just want to live here , where is my home . 
  possibly , but i do n't know how easy it would be to convince them to stay in the unwanted country . 
  maybe the eu-wide refugee social system that would assign a set amount of euro cash and support to all asylum seekers in all eu countries .
