  and after the revolution when the lists of stb confidents were publicized ? 
  you found that best friend in your life reported on you . 
  of course there were other more structural issues like having no relation between your quality of life and your quality of work delivered . 
  there was no point in working harder or smarter . 
  there was no punishment for doing only the minimum work to not get fired ( and it was almost impossible to really get fired ) . 
  there was no way to acquire more property or do something for your kids . 
  the system was shit . 
  i have little patience for defenders of communism and rule of a working class , as both terms represent terrible oppression and tyranny in my life . 
  not just that , i 've read that stalin was determined to deploy the soviet army if we ... diverged ... from his expectations . 
  just like two decades later , a western oriented czechoslovakia would create a direct path through the commie block to the borders of ussr , jeopardising their entire european strategy . 
  i would n't mind those strings at all . 
  and that 's why i leave it to greater experts on islamic law and borrow their definitions and values . 
  they 've spent centuries perfecting their clinically insane delusions . 
  good muslims ? 
  yes and yes . 
  casual muslims aka normal people ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  are these different local names for the same , round shaped bread rolls ? 
  it 's much , much older than cosmo . 
  poles call all czechs like that . 
  moravians use it for czechs . 
  czechs use it for people from prague . 
  here in prague is often used for \u017di\u017ekov district citizens , 
  incompetent or a liar . 
  well , no matter , i am sure his sheeple will still continue to vote for him . 
  it 's not a praiseworthy ability , it 's the potential of the large and powerful rabid beast to cause extensive damage in an unpredictable manner , as its mind is clouded and driven to insanity by its illness and injuries . 
  money is n't such a bad thing to care for if the only other measurement is an amount of fear your country instils in others . 
  that would be a good idea . 
  generations of people suffered terribly under the name of communism , socialism and under the `` rule of the working class '' in the worst social screw-up since slavery . 
  over billion people harmed one way or another by acts done in their name means these words are tainted beyond any salvation . 
  what kinds of public female-only places are managed in germany by arab and turkish people ? 
  i 've seen several articles on this already on idnes . 
  you can guess the response . 
  they 've been overflowing into other places for several years now . 
  they are n't everywhere , but they have enough coverage to reach out to an uncomfortably large percentage of the population . 
  most mainstream media discussion sections are poisoned and rendered unusable by now . 
  * anything * referring to our current or previous governments ( our pro-russian president excluded ) , merkel , germany , eu , usa or west in general triggers a large mob of trolls , no matter if the news are positive or negative . 
  it 's like some kind of fucked up pavlovian reflex . 
  we might be an atheist nation , but * spirits * were always dear to us . 
  96 % of 83 % in a `` referendum '' at gunpoint with a credibility rating of zimbabwean dollar . 
  germans did n't do anything deserving that kind of punishment in ww1 , they merely lost a war . 
  there was nothing bad , flawed or evil about them that could n't be said about any other combatant in ww1 , they were normal people with healthy values and society . 
  the defeat of nazi germany and its monstrous brainwashed population in ww2 was something completely different . 
  that nightmare deserved to be crushed with the biggest hammer available . 
  that makes sense , 
  you know , having labe right in the middle of our tiny country makes this division fairly uncomfortable . 
  though there might be some truth in it , moravians are really strange people . 
  shit can always get worse . 
  most people are not very fond of it , so far . 
  but we have a tradition to not give a f ** k. i do n't like the implied pronunciation , because in czech a letter `` ch '' is similar to spanish `` j '' . 
  it sounds funny if you try to read it that way , like a crazy hipster `` organic '' special snowflake female name . 
  ( how would you like your country being called renesmee ? 
  :d ) the proper pronunciation is ok , i guess , but it 's hard to get rid of the initial impression . 
  the crash site area was in hands of pro-russian forces and there was no active fighting in the area . 
  i remember that day . 
  the agreement gives them a long term goal for necessary transformations and development . 
  they do n't get a guaranteed `` join eu in 10 years '' . 
  it only sets them on the road towards eventual eu membership , but that will not happen before their country manages to complete a shiiiiiitload of objectives , transformations , law reforms , societal developments , etc. 
  and every existing eu member still gets a veto , until everybody is satisfied with their level of progress . 
  there 's virtually no downside in it for eu , unless your entire reason is to tell them `` fuck off slavic scrubs , u no europeans . '', 
  then many of your people completely missed the point of `` european union '' . 
  but tbh that was already apparent in that pathetic referendum , the sheer amount of stupidity , arrogance and ignorance was the biggest european embarrassment in recent years ( before brexit managed to make dutch look like rational sensible adults in comparison ), 
  our languages use the same words for sex and gender , so it 's a bit strange for us . 
  sex describes the anatomy , while gender attempts to describe a socially constructed role . 
  so while the first is obviously a constant , the second might differ among societies . 
  think sworn virgins of balkans as an example . 
  as a resident of a beer haven , i applaud thee effort . 
  uh , it 's not like i have never heard some more radical feminists talking about taking away the vote from males . 
  `` alt-right '' ( bleh , i hate this word ) does n't have a monopoly for crazies . 
  i 'd say that being religious in our times already raises some questions about that person 's sanity and suitability for a position of power . 
  you are talking about older , integrated german roma , right ? 
  there are gypsy gangs from east , but they are often just referred to as eastern europeans . 
  oh that actually puts the today 's proposal of one mp in czech parliament to cut the state contribution to unesco to a completely different light . 
  it was n't about unesco 's anti-israel policies , it was about belgian beer !, 
  neither of that matters . 
  serbians had no right to say anything on the matter and un security council that should be the ultimate judge in such situations , was as usual rendered worthless by petty selfishness of its members . 
  the genocide had to be stopped , immediately . 
  fuck whoever willing to let the genocide let its course . 
  his statement sounds suspiciously close to being a praise , the very last thing a man like fidel castro would deserve , but technically he 's right on every point . 
  that implies removing assad from power and replacing him with someone acceptable enough for most . 
  there is no chance of peace in syria with him at helm , he has more innocent blood on his hands than good old saddam and if there is one thing that region is good at , it 's remembering the crimes against your blood . 
  i grew up in the central prague before 89 when there were no tourists and the entire area was full of people living normal lives . 
  you do n't have to guess how i feel about the current state of the place . 
  you already know it . 
  we are like a divorced couple . 
  we ** do n't ** talk about each other , but the list of similarities just goes on and on . 
  they have sea :(, 
  celebrating death of a person is pretty shitty act . 
  here we had people appalled by the xenophobes celebrating the death of jo cox . 
  not so long ago another english female politician died and her death was met with incredible celebrations and happiness all over the social media . 
  so many tolerant humanist progressive people dancing in joy that an old woman died . 
  ding dong the witch is dead and so on . . is it really that difficult to remember that even political opponents are still people ? 
  shame you did n't follow up the discussion for a bit more before you started throwing insults . 
  but that 's ok . 
   i think you misunderstand the question . 
  if you answer yes to 4 ) , you 'd basically say : `` if a women went home with me , that 's enough and i do n't need consent ( anymore ) . '', 
  as i am probably not twisted enough , a point was brought up by my wife . 
  in case a woman ( or a man ) is knocked out and no longer able to give or withdraw consent , even in the light of previous 4 points there would be no consent at all . 
  i was thinking that there is no middle ground between showing a consent or its withdrawal in above situation , but i did n't count with unconsciousness ( or state close to it ) . 
  i am talking about all 5 points happening in single scenario with a sexual intercourse as a result .
