  nope . 
  righteous fury will rain . 
  do i expect the progressives to attack this guy the way they attack a native business owner ? 
  nope . 
  excuses will be made . 
  scorned , renegade , and `` independent '' poland outside eu is going to be an absolute joy for everybody in the region . 
  especially after they get nukes ( because that would become a question of when , not if ), 
  what 's the problem with the ad ? 
  inaccurate ? 
  false advertising ? 
  sorry to disappoint but holandsko is used just as much as nizozemsko , 
  besides the healthcare industry . 
  we are getting closer and closer to a catastrophe there and our options are severely limited . 
  we 've been doing it longer than many westerners < 3, 
   the company -- which produced the original bren assault rifle for british troops in world war i * slow clap *, 
  plenty of outrage about the topic on reddit if you seek it out . 
  i used to sympathise with mras , but there are better ways to spend one 's life than by getting constantly angry at perceived unfairness of the world . 
  they are bullies by nature . 
  they always were . 
  the brain drain is getting to the point where it can actually threaten human lives and there 's not much we can do to stop it . 
  our healthcare sector is terribly understaffed , a significant portion of the highly qualified workforce is being siphoned outside , hundreds of fresh graduates move to the germany and other western countries asap . 
  hospitals are cutting the capacities and work hours , those that remain are overworked and under exhausting pressure . 
  and while there are salary inefficiencies that could be still addressed , ultimately we ca n't do a shit about german hospitals actively looking for our specialists and offering several times higher salaries . 
  we ca n't even begin to dream about having a viable counter-offer . 
  so i guess we could claim the battle as the great czech victory as well , given that we had quite a few folks in the union army ( supposedly even the future badass jan \u017di\u017eka himself showed up with mercenaries ) . 
  but it could be also a czech loss , as we also had people in the teutonic army , we used to have great relations with the order , participated on crusades against heathen old prussians , order found and named koenigsberg after our king , etc. . . hm , what to pick , what to pick ... 
  ah yes . 
  our leading xenophobic politician and one of the saddest creatures living in our political landscape . 
  and i do n't even trust him that xenophobic angle . 
  he 's the guy who has bought a self-help booklet 101 of political career , then spent a next decade following every tip , while searching for any topic ( any topic whatsoever ) that could give him support of the voters and propel him upwards . 
  few people in our political landscape have been as flexible with their values as `` our tomio '' . 
  the leaders and coordinators do thrive on it , their supporters do not . 
  i feel that 's a pretty important distinction . 
  sounds about right , from what i 've heard and learned about . 
  the law and civil order was in a short supply for several months and the rest ... well ... homo homini lupus est. 
  bene\u0161 decrees 33/1945 and 108/1945 . 
  was their role examined and the decrees applied fair and square everywhere ? 
  i sincerely doubt that , it was up to local municipalities and some people were really desperate to prove the loyalty and hide their own questionable past . 
  my grandmother 's memories confirm that story from the ground level , she often recalled her german boss , coworkers and friends to ask their czech friends to vouch for them . 
  \u0298 \u203f \u0298, 
  that they are . 
  their wide-spread racism and chauvinism would make most of the ee blush , though . 
  and then will someone decide to randomly nuke chechnya and ... oh snap ... 
  what would make russia look like a lesser of the two evils ? 
  some people obviously make that choice , so i wonder what is their reasoning . 
  heretical bohemia . 
  not for the first time , not for the last . 
  that would be a perfectly valid group in a society where everybody 's expected to play minigolf on sundays . 
  which parallels this debate in more ways than i expected ... 
  good luck with that . 
  813 bohemia -  `` oi chief , this place 's good and all but we could use some extra cash and more of that modern ku-kulture-thingy , should we ask franks ? 
  or maybe eastern romans ? '', 
  ffs , we have n't changed one bit . 
  i 've always neglected that area . 
  i have something to read about today :3, 
  building a project like that without clearing all hurdles with local authorities ( as hostile and uncooperative as they might be ) is a quick and dumb way to waste your money without actually helping anyone . 
  not to mention , i do n't know a single country that would react kindly to an unlicensed foreign backed construction without permits in area under its jurisdiction . 
  kurdistan ? 
  you will rarely become a high level politician without having extremely thick skin and a way to ignore your conscience . 
  yes , it 's on them . 
  if they themselves ca n't be arsed to do it , no one else will . 
  not surprising . 
  recovering our freedom was great , but a freedom is something you 'll start noticing only after you lose it . 
  older generations grew up under a completely different economic and social system and suddenly they found themselves in a pretty hardcore free market economy without any preparation , warning or even a basic economic knowledge and in many cases with obsolete education . 
  a pretty rough experience . 
  not if you are prone to depressions or would like to keep a positive opinion on humanity . 
  it 's a masterpiece , just not for everyone . 
  the disneyland is along the royal route , it gets a lot better with every street away from the route . 
  still i used to live on betlemsk\u00e9 n\u00e1m\u011bst\u00ed in early 90s , it 's a bit hard to watch the current state of things . 
  cities are already on par . 
  rural areas might take more than 50 years ... 
  trdeln\u00edk is something i 've never heard about before it popped up all over the prague 's tourist ground zero . 
  absinth 's fine , i guess . 
  just one of many beverages . 
  the salary of our supermarket cashiers was one of the more atrocious things to watch , i am glad to see it 's finally starting to grow towards more respectable levels . 
  fuck ahold , the modern day slavers . 
  it certainly does n't look that way . 
  if it did , the opposition would be almost non-existent . 
  agreed . 
  would n't that happen automatically ? 
  when one of largest and most prosperous members leaves the union , the union average will logically go down , pushing some members from the lower half to the upper half and making the poorest members relatively less worse against the union average . 
  the next budget is going to be adjusted with that in mind . 
  these exist to provide consequences for the attackers , not protection for the victims . 
  it 's supposed to strengthen our position against the new eu gun control directive and give us a better chance to throw it in a bin . 
  without that a lot of weapons currently owned by people would become illegal . 
  it certainly has potential to lead to a nasty situation . 
  all that to avoid an unnecessary populist decision of more influential but less rational eu members ... 
  how many football stadiums could be built with that ? 
  1 ) we achieved that budget surplus by a temporary and overzealous spike in usage of eu funds before their expiration , not through our own effort . 
  he was not responsible for it in any way . 
  2 ) he has planned a budget deficit for every year so far , even though we do n't need it right now . 
  but he is still a populist , he ca n't step on the honey pipe line that easily . 
  3 ) most of the current economic upswing is a result of the austerity measures done by kalousek , when he trimmed a lot of unnecessary fat from the system ( and also some necessary , sadly ) . 
  those measures often need years before they start to bring results . 
  4 ) he 's still better than any of our left-wing ministers of finance , by far * le sigh * . 
   everytime a czech coder wants to have a beer but can not since work day is not over unreachable code detected, 
  politicians . 
  well we also tried to leave the nuclear facility in hands of cats , but during the tests between the group of cats and a group of young bikini-clad female interns , the interns won 57 % of tests . 
  so it 's tits over tails for us . 
  i just imagined that in norio wakamoto 's slow , menacing drawl,
