  well , there 's no reason to . 
  while the country is fairly rich , developed and probably safer than germany these days , germany still offers several times better salaries , much more useful language and existing muslim communities . 
  kind of . 
  we are total suckers for everything aligned with our opinion and we quickly reject everything else as propaganda , so i do n't think we are more `` enlightened '' than anyone else , just more cynical . 
  but there are patterns in weu politics and media that are eerily similar to what we experienced and it is discouraging to see the sheltered countries of weu suffering from a dangerous amount of naivety , stupidity and misguided sense of righteousness . 
  not surprised at all . 
  `` those not stealing steal from their family '' is something i 've heard often when growing up . 
  the system required deep dishonesty and cheating for survival and some degree of acceptable life and after two generations , it was bound to leave a lasting influence on people 's values . 
  chucpe, 
  it 's perfectly fine to be proud of your ancestors , they are the reason you are standing here , raised in the society they passed down to you . 
  but having great ancestors does not make you great . 
  it just makes you lucky , everything else is in your hands . 
  because the history is written by victors . 
  nah , just the ones brandishing guns and knives . 
  why do i have a feeling it will be aimed solely at right-wing forms of extremism . 
  several reasons : i 'd like to say that you ca n't cure stupid , but it 's way more complex and it 's not fair to those involved . 
  1 ) the life before revolution was n't a complete nightmare for all . 
  some parts of the society led a decent if not ambitious life and many people saw a massive increase in quality of life during their lifetime , mainly in rural areas . 
  some professions were held in respect and could enjoy above average priviliges . 
  communism basically stole property and money from one group of people and gave them to another group of people . 
  the recipients did felt some gratitude and loyalty to the new system , of course . 
  and of course , free education , free healthcare , a lifelong guarantee of a job ( ! ), 
  and a acceptable pension , all that represent a solid structure for one 's life without constant fear about his job , career and the future . 
  the system would eventually ran out of money , but the end came when it was visible only to the leadership and people who could connect the dots . 
  ordinary people knew about frequent shortages of goods , but they did n't have the complete picture of outdated factories and equipment or the lack of funds for maintenance and new technologies . 
  so many people did not actually understand the inherent flaws of the system and considered it superior to what came after . 
  2 ) the transformation during 90s shook the very foundation of society . 
  it was a wild race that rewarded the greedy and least scrupulous people and people that grew up in an egalitarian society with few distinctions between rich and poor , suddenly became aware of the corruption and massive thefts of national companies . 
  they were all thrown into free market environment heavily inspired by thatcher ( v. klaus , back then a minister of finance and the main person behind the transformation , was her strong admirer ) . 
  the life of certainty and guarantees was ripped to pieces and two generations of people had to find their way in an unknown and comparably much , much more stressful environment than before . 
  some adapted , some did not . 
  voters of communist party are the most conservative voters and also the oldest voters in the country . 
  their motives are various , but in most cases they believe that the country used to be in a better shape before the revolution . 
  some are simply longing for older , calmer , simpler times where their lives had a meaning and guarantees . 
  some could n't accept the crazy transformation and destruction of the perceived `` national industry '' by thieves and corrupt politicians . 
  some still follow the marxist teachings , now reignited by watching the growing gap in one of the world 's most equal societies . 
  all of that should apply to other post-communist countries as well , so i ca n't really say why we are different . 
  maybe it 's because we never outlawed the party and our communist party never denounced its actions , it is still the original party with its original members and the original uninterrupted tradition . 
  they are in almost permanent isolation since 89 , and no other party is willing to go into coalition with them , but that also leaves their core agenda almost untouched by other parties , and keeps the party the only choice for its voters, 
  maldives investigates rule of law in japan . 
  vatican declares a crusade against maldives . 
  if you are talking about president zeman , he helds no real political power , but he loves trash talking and never misses an opportunity to troll someone . 
  you are not going to read many good things about him . 
  he does get few things right here and there , because he is not afraid to address un-pc matters , but most of the time he just serves as a living embarassment . 
  the actual goverment is pro-eu in most aspects . 
  the poland situation is not being seen in a good light . 
  people are aware of it only on the surface and they pay little attention to details , instead they see the eu investigation as an attack and an attempt to punish poles for voting a right-wing party into power and disagreeing with the refugee quotas , etc. 
  they are mixing unrelated things together and in the end they want to defend wrong people for wrong reasons , imho . 
  a man is a mature male , both in physical and psychological maturity . 
  the first is given , the second one is optional and the main distinction between males and men , in my opinion . 
  oh you are right . 
  the problem is that a real man can then be accused of domestic violence and kicked out of his home . 
  the current system gives you three realistic options : continue being abused , leave ( if you have somewhere to go ) , or defend yourself , which will be treated as violence against woman and you will be punished for it . 
  there is a chance you could convince the abuser to undergo a therapy and fix herself , but good luck with that . 
  that is the problem in the nutshell . 
  being a man can put you into a prison , because men are the villains in current narrative, 
  of course . 
  actually determining the lack of consent can get pretty tricky and people have vastly different opinions on it . 
  that 's why i am asking about the reason behind that label . 
  pro-rape in what way ? 
  the modern progressive definition of `` rape '' is so bloated and diminished that i 've seen that accusation flung over the most trivial opinions . 
   `` we learned from the grexit thing , '' the second official said of the lack of contingency plans for brexit . 
  `` if we do it , the press will find out about it . 
  so this time we 're not doing it . '', 
  they are not going to prepare for the brexit outcome because the press might learn about it ? 
  are they going to snort cocaine until the referendum is over or what ? 
  what do you think about your ex ? 
  a lot of good memories clouded by a disappointment , a sadness and a regret . 
  we had one country for ~ 4 centuries and we still broke up in the end . 
  i still ca n't get over the `` hmm , i do n't like it one bit . '', 
  post-communism bias , for obvious reasons . 
  the worst damage by communism was on people 's minds . 
  this will put people in similar situations and that makes me very , very scared . 
  huh , i thought finnish people were supposed to be shy , but this is just ... normal , i guess ? 
  i guess families and groups of friends stick together , but it 's normal to keep the distance from strangers . 
  preferably an equal distance from people on both sides , standing too close to one of them would feel strange and uncomfortable . 
  heh , we remember the guy with fondness , because he was one of critical voices supporting our independence . 
   we even have a railroad station in prague named after him . 
  during 20th century , we 've been allied to france at height of their ( perceived ) military power . 
  they simply sold us out . 
  after ww2 we 've been allied to the most powerful entity in european theatre . 
  after slight disagreement , we 've been invaded by them and occupied for two decades . 
  i am sure poland is capable of learning from mistakes of its neighbors . 
  defensive alliances are ... fragile . 
  9th was the one i liked . 
  probably because it looks similar to my old home when i was a kid . 
  as a recommendation , it was sarcastic . 
  but being on both sides of a `` final solution '' just two generations ago , it 's just a sad , miserable truth . 
  do it properly or do n't do it at all . 
  half finished solutions tend to backfire . 
  badly . 
  most people here will be more than happy . 
  i have very mixed feelings about this . 
  i am happy for resistance against the political correctness and naive multiculturalism of the western half of eu , which i find to be a very sad mistake and a sick direction of the cultural development . 
  but i do n't think these authoritarian pricks are the best people to put into leadership position . 
  they might solve this particular problem with a big hammer but they are going to do a lot of unnecessary collateral damage . 
  they paid for it when our dude killed their king dude . 
  ... pizza . 
  the president in our country has one main task , to represent the country . 
  schwarzenberg , the very old and very sleepy man with excellent international relations and deep understanding of european politics or a vulgar drunkard troll that feeds on tears and makes g.w.
