  looking forward to special snowflakes complaining they feel insecure in those gender-neutral loos . 
  a car steering in opposite direction also works fine right until the crash . 
  we are ignoring a legally binding democratic decision and that 's already starting to bite us in the ass . 
  you ca n't exist in a civilised society without respecting the laws and rules . 
  so no , it does n't work `` fine '' . 
  we are breaking the rules we 've all agreed to and if we fail to convince others that our reasons were correct after all , we will suffer harsh consequences . 
  this is n't 15th century anymore , our `` fuck you '' attitude is n't going to get us very far . 
  short , probably . 
  i am aware , i 've been interested in history of ww2 since i was a kid . 
  what happened after that reads like a nightmare . 
  there was another aspect to the propaganda , and that was a cold-blooded pragmatic decision of our government-in-exile that not only this attack would confirm that our resistance is still kicking and bringing in results , it would also guarantee an over-the-top response from nazis , that could be used to strengthen our position as victims and enemies of the reich . 
  at this point of history munich was still a valid decision and allies were n't really willing to invalidate it . 
  nazi response served us everything we needed for a terrible cost . 
  freedom of religion is only a first step on a road to end the religion . 
  the mere concept itself is like a big `` fuck you '' to all religious people that are forced to obey a mere human law ( ! ), 
  to tolerate the status quo and every other secular or religious moral code with it . 
  i understand its value , i do . 
  i just see it as a necessary evil to keep the religious crazies in place , not as something worthy of respect and applause ... 
  that 's why we built mountains between poles and us . 
   if you are against multiculturalism and a multiethnic britain then you have no place here and should leave . 
  how you are any different from an anti-immigrant racist xenophobe from anywhere in europe . 
  you are using exactly the same logic -  `` people not thinking like me should gtfo '', 
  you drain a lot more resources from us than the other way . 
  i am not arguing about rules , my use of `` broken democracy '' was probably confusing . 
  what i meant by that was a system that used to be a democracy until the people `` broke '' it with one or more unwise but perfectly democratic decisions . 
  which is what happens in almost every transition from democracy to a totalitarian regime . 
  correct . 
  i am not attacking the democracy as a system , i merely believe that a `` majority decision '' in democracy has a potential to destroy it . 
  it 's not inherently `` smart '' or `` wise '' . 
  just a democratic czechoslovakia after ww2 electing communists in more or less free democratic elections . 
  or weimar republic and hitler . 
  or turkey and erdogan . 
  or britain and brexit ( that remains to be seen if it was smart or dumb , so far it looks like the latter ) . 
  i am sure we could find more examples, 
  no / s. 
  most broken democracies in the history did at least one really dumb majority decision before the end . 
  i 've just subscribed to 2 years of 10gb lte for 19 $ from t-mobile . 
  ( thanks gorillaz ) . 
  `` saving '' these people is one thing , that 's correct . 
  ferrying them from their junk-ships near libyan coast to italy is something else entirely . 
  it is our duty to save people in distress . 
  it is not our duty to give better life to foreign citizens that would n't be allowed to enter the country through legal means . 
  that 's just our choice . 
  a honourable choice but not a very wise one if we threaten our own stability with it . 
  when were you bitten by a eastern european ? 
  do you feel the urge to shout this xenophobic drivel every night or just during the full moon ? 
  * puts on a helmet and grabs a banner with a symbol of chalice * we do n't like their kind around here . 
  they 're protecting the holy line, 
  that 's quite a pickle . 
  we 've learned the hard way how ignorant and racist many westerners were about ... basically everything behind the former iron curtain . 
  it was disappointing to say the least , and i can only hope the ignorance will slowly die out with the next few generations . 
  half of the european history happened east of west-east divide , it can not be ignored forever ... 
  but honestly even if you are very familiar with the other culture , if it invades your neighbourhood and you start hearing their language more often than your own , right there in the one place you call home , it can be pretty disturbing and distressing . 
  why , it 's all about volunteering to deliver the best possible product on time because we all care about the company 's success . 
  ( i 've heard those words from at least three different bosses in three different companies ), 
  simplifying our resistance to the quotas to `` a lack of solidarity '' is really irritating . 
  that 's like simplifying brexit to the statement that britons are xenophobic racist pricks wanting to get rid of unwanted eastern europoors . 
  there 's an element of truth to both , but the simplification is extremely inaccurate and offensive . 
  same outcome and less embarrassment in the process . 
  it could work . 
  nice . 
  maybe one day in the distant future i will even get paid for overtime and working on weekends . 
  would n't that be something ... 
  so basically same as germany . 
  foreigners also have `` a little '' better insight into internal usa politics and culture than into russia 's , so the criticism can be more accurate and more to the point . 
  lecturing often causes a negative backslash because the lecturer fails to understand _ why _ does his target behave or think the way he does . 
  any ? 
  hyperbole much ? 
  nato lives and dies with the willingness of its members to uphold the mutual defence clause . 
  and that is something that is much easier to challenge than a challenging one of the three nuclear powers directly . 
  not to mention majority of the current non-nuclear members have all the knowledge and resources necessary to build their own nuclear arsenal pretty quickly if they feel like it . 
  they just do n't need to while they are all allied . 
  we are . 
  and we are not . 
  depends on the context . 
  still waiting for those examples of czechia breaking eu agreements other than refugee quotas . 
  it should n't be that hard to find something if , as you 've said , we were breaking them left and right . 
  hint : hungary ! = czechia . 
  eh , general elections are coming , it would be a political suicide for any party to say anything else . 
  it will be over soon , and they will silently reconsider the position . 
  yep , this is why i considered the entire quota plan to be bollocks right from day 1 . 
  i called it `` a refugee lottery '' - winners get to be accepted in rich western states , losers will be sentenced to `` commie hell '' in the east ( in their minds ) . 
  there they will be assigned a place , they will be forbidden to leave the country , they will get a fraction of money their luckier pals get in the west and they will be forced to `` integrate '' into a society that has an extremely negative view of muslims ( mostly undeserved ) . 
  what could possibly go wrong here ... 
  the central remembers * all the triggers *, 
  i fail to see a reason why we would be opposed to a * good * free trade deal between uk and eu . 
  good for both sides , that is . 
  youtubers will fix that , i am sure . 
  edit tl ; dr : been there , done that , tried to fix it , did n't work . 
  a brief sequence of events : 1 . 
  settled down , accepted christianity from friendly neighbours , the germans 2 . 
  decided that orthodox church might be a better idea . 
  disregard that , catholic church is awesome ( and has more arms and is much , much closer ) 4 . 
  catholic church was too corrupted for our comfort , we suggested reforms . 
  blamed for heresy , went to war against catholic europe 6 . 
  won the war , got the right for our own religion - the country 's fucked , though . 
  other countries hopped on the reformation train . 
  lost the thirty years war , the protestant/hussite population expelled , executed or forcefully converted to catholicism . 
  the country 's fucked again . 
  catholics/jesuits aligned with imperial supporters , disconnected from the general population .
