  no , like them still not realising that the development of european civilisation is no longer about us vs them . 
  they keep pushing an aspect that drive slavic europe in opposition to the non-slavic parts . 
  that 's not in our interests . 
  slavs became an integral part of the european civilisation since the great migration and soviets almost succeeded in tearing us out of this environment , causing the current cultural split and appalling western level of ignorance about the eastern half of the continent . 
  so until they grow up and learn to live with the rest of us in peace , there 's zero possibility of making a slavic platform work . 
  he was like hundred years late to the party . 
  everything . 
  more like russia and serbia , 
  any common slavic activity is sadly going to get hijacked by the usual suspects aka our `` dear '' slavic troglodytes , so there 's not much hope for such plans . 
  not before they grow up . 
  it 's not like i wanted to wish you a happy national day or anything , b-baka neighbours ... < 3, 
  i hope that one day these unintegrated immigrants will share more with czechs than just the id and passport . 
  eastern , if you want to divide europe into two parts defined by cold war . 
  central otherwise . 
  how the heck we managed to place there with all the doom and gloom news about the state of our educational system ... 
  i think it 's really just the effect of the communism that nullified everybody 's wealth and placed the entire population at the same starting line again . 
  some people did get their family property back , but it 's nothing compared to uninterrupted accumulation of wealth in rich western families . 
  the typical rich , respected and highly influential families of well established societies are basically non-existent over here . 
  they were wiped out by the vicious jealousy of the oppressive working class . 
  there 's no basis for that statement . 
  our values might or might not be `` right '' , but theirs are most definitely `` normal '' . 
  some of it , yes , sure . 
  but western corporations play by different rules and with different objectives than russian ones and i much prefer to deal with former . 
  they are failed states , because russia wants them to be failed states . 
  russia 's influence has been strangling them for decades now . 
  is that some sort of a trigger chaining ? 
  the area it focuses on is worth studying , the dynamics , identities , stereotypes , everything gender related , because it influences such a huge part of our lives and we 've been ignoring it for way too long . 
  that most of the human effort dedicated to studying this area is a complete waste of time , energy and organic matter , thanks to silly agendas , bigotry , sexism and circle-jerks of professional victims , is another problem . 
  the reputation of it being a `` shitty theory '' is imho because of people pursuing it . 
  the gender studies as a whole are a very important area of research ... or will be , when the topic will no longer be hijacked by feminists . 
  create any human society , give it time to develop on its own and just the biological differences alone will always lead to different expectations and societal norms . 
  edit : they might end up with different norms that what we have today , but there will be a difference between males and females . 
  it 's unavoidable . 
  he certainly did n't help . 
  i agree that 's a predominant view over here , i just feel like most people here are victims , not the source . 
  more suspicious media have been repeating and drilling the message into heads of people so much , that even hearing the name merkel makes most people go blank and recite `` refugees , traitor , herp derp '' . 
  someone benefited greatly from encouraging this extremely biased and inaccurate opinion . 
  it scares me . 
  they are fundamentally different , but if the story was true and the decision was based on `` diversity '' , it would be an extremely dumb , racist and sexist decision one way or another . 
  the outrage would be deserved . 
  any area in particular ? 
  vegans do n't have that many places and the city is n't that great for cyclists , at least some areas . 
  a lack of fresh seafood , it 's a landlocked country after all . 
  p&r spots for areas around prague are underdeveloped ... and universities are just solid , not top ranked . 
  muslims have something like two or three places in the entire city . 
  other than those i ca n't really think of anything . 
  education is decent and generally free . 
  decent choice of ethnic and local food everywhere , usually cheap . 
  cultural options are abundant across entire spectrum . 
  housing is about average , the city is generally clean and the pollution dropped to ok levels over last few decades . 
  the public transport system is very cheap , efficient and reliable , with excellent coverage . 
  services and their availability are good , outages are rare , , internet coverage is decent to good . 
  the entire healthcare network has a good coverage and is mostly free or fairly cheap by western standards , but you have to pay your insurance , of course . 
  i posted here about half a year ago how i was curious about the scale of russia 's influence on brexit campaign , as it was something that played right into their cards , and given their rather major foothold in uk , it was never a question of `` if '' , but `` how much '' . 
  but all i 've got was that `` duh , britons are smart enough to not believe in sputnik propaganda '' . 
  yeah , right . 
  there 's black ribbon day , european day of remembrance for victims of stalinism and nazism on 23th august . 
  that covers both of them . 
  but many western countries are hesitating to admit the bloody history of communism and treat it like a hate ideology it is . 
  too many salon reds in their ranks . 
  schengen is not the reason why people are coming , it 's the overly generous immigrant and social policy of certain idealistic eu nations that threaten the stability and security of the entire union . 
  we often make at least some batches of le\u010do , a stew made from tomato , green/red peppers and onion . 
  then we just open one , add eggs and optionally soft sausage , season it and eat it with a slice of rye bread or potatoes . 
  it 's like a summer in a bottle . 
  keep killing is then , they are the radicals . 
  syrians are still people with human rights and assad stomps on them with utter contempt . 
  they deserve a normal country , not a a life in a dictatorship that serves the west as a convenient wall against unpleasantness ... 
  that 's the curse of a civil war . 
  victory of either side is usually better than ongoing stalemate . 
  it was obvious right from start that the war in syria will turn into nightmare . 
  assad was shielded by russians from the brunt of high level diplomatic pressure and un actions , while west halfheartedly `` supported '' the rebels with just enough resources to keep them in fight , but not willing to commit to the support needed to bring the dictator down , because they did n't have the un mandate ( or whatever convenient excuse ) . 
  as a result neither side was strong enough to win - and that was the worst possible outcome . 
  liberal , cosmopolitan people definitely does n't equal `` socialists '' , not over here . 
  socialists are generally either young anarchists or the most conservative backwater redneck types . 
  i am far more inclined to believe in incompetency than a conspiracy . 
  is it `` mydlil mi barana ? 
  ... it is !, 
  i love it :d, 
  and that is simply wrong , so it should be corrected every time it 's used in such context . 
  my point still stands on all of that . 
  so basically the same like when bush was elected ? 
  religion \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  wanting to ban abortion does n't make them asians , more like europeans from several decades ago . 
  i for one certainly do n't want to see more religious people of any faith settling down in my country . 
  we 've made so much progress , we are so close to the almost complete purge of religion from our lives . 
  we are already at state when saying in public that you are a believer makes you look really weird . 
  well , the goal of their immigration policy and eu funds for hungary is the same , so they are not exactly in conflict . 
  it 's incredibly hard to tolerate different basic values of other people . 
  these values are what we use to recognise good from bad and while we can try to understand the decision through lenses of the other culture , we will still consider it wrong . 
  it does n't take much of that to make people really unhappy . 
  i will be glad when homosexuality is finally treated as something so normal that nobody will care to organize another of these obnoxious circuses . 
  it 's almost as bad as furry conventions . 
  it 's embarrassing to see the oldest opiate still so strong among so called developed countries . 
  so which car they are going to steal/copy now ? 
  ( looking at the beetle 's origins ), 
  the article is too brief to get a better idea on what kind of deal would be deemed unacceptable . 
  i mean , if the rest of eu chickens out and tries to drown britain in more special privileges ( it could happen ... ) , while completely accepting a shitty treatment of eeuropeans living in uk ... yeah , vetoing that could become a real option . 
   i do n't think they control it in the netherlands though . 
  :d yet . 
  they now control the entire massive crystal meth industry in czechia,
