  not yet , not fully . 
  the absolute necessity to remove sudeten germans from czechoslovakia , for example , was decided and set in stone by the czechoslovak goverment-in-exile in london in the middle of the war , long time before the post war europe was formed up . 
  most czechs would fail to live to those standards  i am glad for our awesome 2nd gen vietnamese czechs , they are teaching us an invaluable first time lesson in handling and accepting people who are czechs in every relevant area except the skin color . 
  citizenship has nothing to do with being czech , that 's just a formal registration . 
  czech roma have czech citizenship but only some of them could be called czechs . 
  that was a collective effort of every single nation east from germany , i would n't pin that on russians . 
  but what about star of bethlehem ? 
  hello darkness my old friend ... 
  now just to figure out how to steal it . 
  well , our laws do not prevent muslims from cherry-pick inoffensive parts of quran and living their lives according to them . 
  but if they decide to follow the offensive parts of their book and commit illegal acts , they will be punished for it . 
  that 's not a fault of almost 1500 year old interpretation of abrahamic fairy tales \u03a8 ( \u219c -_- \u219d ) \u2198 , that 's a fault of people applying its teachings to a modern society . 
  if people are not willing to heed lessons of 20th century and foolishly insist on ubi , fine . 
  just wait until i am 55 years old or so , so i can enjoy the initial benefits and die before the inevitable degeneration sets in . 
  heh , their butthurt started with golden horde . ), 
  kids at their age do not really have much control over their upbringing and cultural values . 
  their parents should be held responsible for failing to prepare their kids for a life in western culture . 
  damn , now i have to go and watch [ storm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhguxcudb1u ) again . 
  and here i thought they could just buy them at our semtex factory shop ... 
  just come and pay us a visit then , our society has been like that for decades now , except in some backwards rural areas . 
  it 's normal to be an atheist or agnostic here and if you declare your faith , people will either smile `` understandingly '' , treat you like a creep or start investigating why the hell would you believe in something so silly . 
  of course it does n't prevent them to believe in astrology , numerology , homeopathic `` medicine '' and other irrational bullshit . 
  there was a huge build up of ethnic pressure during 19th and the beginning of 20th century in central europe with slavs having a period of revitalisation . 
  their populations grew at much higher rate than their german neighbours and ethnic compositions of many cities were completely flipped around over less than a single lifetime . 
  future leaders and supporters of nazi regime grew up in that kind of environment , so i think their basic values were very much formed up by `` not liking foreigners '' . 
  the later events simply served as proofs and justification that their views were n't false and were in fact necessary ( in their heads ) . 
  looks like they improved its horrible t/w ratio a little bit , but it is still going to be good only as a high tech ordnance taxi with limited close combat ability . 
  which is still pretty awesome given its overall cost and package . 
  speaking about choices , i live in a city area where there is no choice at all . 
  the state basically tells you the exact type and layout of a window you are allowed to use , it has to review and sign off any modifications and if you try to do anything on your own ... it 's a trip to gulag for you . 
  ( no , you just have to remove the offending piece and replace it with the proper one ) and we are talking about century old city blocks , nothing old ... 
  heresy !, 
  saying what their voters want to hear ? 
  i mean , they are politicians after all . 
  making a medieval european game : `` why are all characters white ? '', 
  oh man ... to this day i remember at least 16-17 years old thread with 1000 + posts and fake news on a popular czech discussion site about a fictional ongoing invasion into austria and how our ( back then ) prime minister zeman declared that we will build a tiny copy of temelin next to each austrian village . 
  have you heard about that unemployed vietnamese ? 
  me neither . 
  luther was n't first , we went through the same thing ( the translation , the `` butthurteness '' and the resulting reformation ) more than a century earlier . 
  other than that , i agree . 
  quran is the final , complete word of the god , unchangeable , unquestionable , non-amendable . 
  it 's natural to disagree with some of its teaching , but the error always lies in the reader not comprehending the intention . 
  or so i 've heard . 
  man can dream ... 
  i do n't agree with your comparison , i believe the differences between western and eastern european values do exist , but they are far smaller and much easier to reconcile than differences with serious muslim cultures . 
  is it ? 
  people going abroad vs people staying home , they are not necessarily the same group with same values . 
  they are not hyped about existing muslim population , that is manageable . 
  they are hyped about future plans that could result in their muslim population numbers skyrocketing and becoming a real issue . 
  somebody buy that guy an intern , he is raving mad ... 
  same here . 
  there are endless variants of a snitch in czech language but not a single positive one . 
  eu so far is nothing like comecon . 
  of course it would be . 
  and i would be surprised if his men did n't do their best to ensure it . 
  it 's a child 's play to tweak the odds in scenarios like this with russia 's capabilities and experience , they 've already showed as much in netherlands recently . 
  here 's my hope that our turkish friends will be able to get rid of erdogan in next elections . 
  we do n't need more people hell-bent on generating rifts between us for their own personal gain . 
  i studied and dreaded english language in school for about 8 years with poor results and it was only the last year and a new teacher that allowed me to make a breakthrough and start talking and thinking in english . 
  the rest of that came from games and later books , movies and series . 
  in contrast , my brother learned fine points of english conversation on diablo ii 's battlenet when he was 10 . 
  it was a difficult period . 
  it was either french or spanish family , i am not 100 % sure , it was back in 90s . 
  unlike the others , this did n't happen to me or my family , it was an interview with a guy in a magazine . 
  i guess it became stuck in my memory as a memento of a period when some westerners were so ignorant that they thought we all lived like north korean peasants or something . 
  10 years ago i would agree with you , beside your ignorant grouping of free countries of ee with russia 's little puppet zone . 
  these days , not so much . 
  while western europeans are still more open-minded than we are , they keep importing large numbers of people with a vastly different mindset about gays and that has a noticeable and growing effect on lives of lgbt people . 
  i would expect higher odds of something bad happening to a gay in cities like paris or amsterdam than in pretty much any eastern european city ... 
  france will be day-1 dlc . 
  are ukrainian citizens from crimea included in that number ? 
  some . 
  i do walk around a lot for health reasons so it 's not extremely rare sight , especially in parks around vinohrady . 
  it 's not scandalous at all . 
  i am happy that they can do it without fearing anything , it 's awesome . 
  but to me it remains gross . 
  considering it turns my stomach upside down , i guess i do find it offensive and disgusting . 
  but i will tolerate it . 
  there is nothing dangerous or wrong about it , it 's just about two people having a relationship . 
  if i could avoid having a negative reaction to it , i would be probably happier , but since i ca n't avoid that , tolerating it is the best thing i can manage . 
  [ but of course !, 
  oh the war , it must be so terrible , i feel so sorry for you . 
  ( o_o what war ? ), 
  this is a washing machine , it 's amazing way to do your laundry ( no , not a reaction to poor hygiene ... just unsure if we have these in czechia ) czech republic ? 
  where is that ? 
  ( a true honest reaction from several bavarians ... ), 
  you are right , pretty much everyone does it . 
  the difference is that we see this type of reaction as a weakness , a sign of immaturity . 
  many of us are guilty of doing it , but it 's something we try to control . 
  these societies see the aggressive response as the appropriate reaction and not doing it is a sign of weakness and immaturity . 
  a subtle difference with massive implications . 
  wonders of honour driven culture ? 
  i do n't think these guys have adopted european guilt culture model ... you have to react aggressively to even slight insults , otherwise you will be shamed and ridiculed and your social standing will drop . 
  and an insult to a leader can be definitely seen as an insult to his voters . 
  is the end result that much different from living in a country where you have a guaranteed low effort job , adequate income , pension , housing , free health care and education ? 
  because we are already familiar of long term effects of above policies . 
  copying windows ... that 's what i 've heard 15 years ago ... 
  welcome ( back ) in 21st century , our dear neighbours . 
  if a situation like that truly happens , i would actually fear it less than a small , slow trickle over decades . 
  basically if such thing happen , our current good times would be over and by `` over '' i mean complete , definite , unconditional and unavoidable end of a cozy european harmony .
