  some with germans , some with turks , some with nordics , some with sheep . 
  we all have our parts in our comedy . 
  one writes the script , the other plays the part . 
  dude , western europe is like a big amish paradise compared to our `` religiousness '' . 
  makes sense . 
  they do n't care about russia that much because they are outside russia 's `` interest '' zone and russian threats do n't affect them on a personal level , while the unpredictability and heavy-handed approach of us is easy to comprehend and worry about . 
  no portugal , then . 
  one badly planned transition to universal basic income and all cards will be reshuffled again . 
  everything is everybody 's and no one owns anything . 
  yay for social experiments . 
  we do trade with them , just less than before as many of our exports are being blocked . 
  a potential large scale military conflict in eastern europe would cost us far more than any loss from restricted trade . 
  an aggressor must not be encouraged , we 've paid a terrible price for that lesson . 
  about authoritarian vs fascist -  going over the definition of fascism , every aspect matches the modern russia so close that it leaves no room for doubt . 
  eastern europe shielded west from a very long list of nasty invading cultures . 
  but at least you 've put that safety to a good use < 3, 
  we 'd love to trade with russia . 
  a normal , cultured , and peaceful russia that does n't look at their neighbours as lambs to be eaten , or toys to be bullied and broken . 
  sadly , the great and culturally rich russia prefers to be a fascist state instead . 
  dropping the sanctions , ineffective as they might be , would be still seen and used as a huge victory for russia and encouragement of its recent activities . 
  that would be worse than the current state . 
  much worse . 
  yeah , as close as we are to each other now , we share very little common history before the formation of czechoslovakia . 
  the winds of history always dragged us in different , separate directions . 
  mra is the same . 
  people ranging from sensible humans with true equality in mind to utter lunatics . 
  both movements suffer terribly from their black sheeps and the circle-jerks they successfully maintain in the discourse . 
  mmhm , sure , whatever . 
  you mean why was n't ussr sanctioned for redrawing internal borders between two regions of their country ? 
  because that act alone is n't illegal . 
  garlic sauce , the only sauce . 
  perhaps the impression was caused by the movement 's inability to keep their more unhinged elements on leash . 
  it 's been decades since feminism was considered a positive word . 
  too many spoiled apples in that basket . 
   belgium that 's a really funny way to spell czechia, 
  cool story , bro . 
  japanese is really easy for czechs , a few traps here and there and a different stress/tempo , everything else sounds just like a czech would read it natively . 
  somebody has the chronic case of the mondays, 
  there 's quality and there 's paying extra for nothing . 
  that 's like claiming raisins are better than grapes . 
  jam\u00f3n is awesome , but i would n't use it in place of our delicious juicy ham . 
  yes , it 's there . 
  we just do n't recognise it or write it in any way . 
  here , some spaghetti with ketchup and grated edam to make you forget that . 
  depending on your definition of serious . 
  \u010cssd usually plays that role and considers itself a left wing party . 
  they are pretty tame , though , paying only lip service to some more progressive concepts . 
  no , nothing that could be called a reform . 
  they have n't changed to keep their fossilised voter base . 
  visiting their rallies is like being thrown 50 years back . 
  same words , same ideals , same hatred . 
  just the numbers are smaller and they do n't have the power to carry out their threats . 
  40 years of terror , hundreds of thousands of victims and they have never even apologised , still clinging to the belief that they were right and utterly justified in everything they did . 
  we have n't banned them , but it 's so , so , so very tempting . 
  brainwashed , stupid or malicious . 
  or any combination of those . 
  you get an opportunity to talk with one of them , and all you will be able to sense is a hatred , resentment and longing for the old times , when the working class was privileged , feared and in charge of everything . 
  depends on what flavour of apocalyptic cult you are subscribed to . 
  mine comes with a free kaiser roll . 
  it did a lot more for many of these minorities than what is being generally attributed for . 
  the current `` reputation '' of a-h is similar to what the future view on eu would be like if it would be destroyed , dissolved and the history written by eu hating idiots just like klaus . 
  edit : i am talking about the austrian part . 
  hungarians were completely hopeless pricks . 
  basic problems = same as current eu . 
  bunch of whiny populists , opportunists and nationalists trying to tear apart a neutral centralised hierarchy , so they could all be their own little kings . 
  the current state of eu is so similar to the last decades of the empire it terrifies me . 
  ha ha ha . 
  it 's been a long time since i 've played the game ( after they introduced ranked 8vs8 , i think ) but i always loved your videos . 
  tomorrow j/k, 
  with or without people inside ? 
  yes , but wait for a 1 or 2 more generations to be replaced before we start pushing it more seriously , we need a bigger part of the population that will grew up in a cosmopolitan world of peaceful united europe . 
  the current population would rip the europe to pieces . 
  more like 30-40 % over here for the cheapest set s ( ~ 100-130 euro ), 
  no need for any solution when you realize it 's been happening since the dawn of time . 
  poor , stupid and underprivileged always had more children . 
  it 's not really a big issue . 
  human societies handle that on daily basis without even paying attention to it . 
  hello , my name is james holden ... * ( but only people watching/reading the expanse will get it ... ) *, 
  i really like your example and explanation . 
  oh no , do n't get me wrong , i supported the settlement . 
  there were some slightly questionable parts with respect to inflation or property confiscated before communists took over , but eh , whatever . 
  the general perception of the deal was negative , though . 
  people saw the half-forgotten relic of the past appearing out of nowhere and asking for insane amount of money , land and properties . 
  that did n't help its historically ingrained image of greedy monks . 
  smart decision, 
   hussite i prefer [ this ] ( http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/hussite_wars ) personally , 
  the stereotype is pretty widespread , strongly reinforced by the few years old deal between czech state and catholic church about returning the church properties confiscated during 20th century . 
  there are good priests , but they are seen as exceptions proving the rule . 
  brits are pretty weird people, 
  one was a move to preserve control over a vital strategic military installation in otherwise peaceful area under a guise of an imminent threat to russian minority . 
  there was no real threat of ethnic violence , the only threat was that of sevastopol slowly falling into western sphere of influence . 
  the other was a forced separation of two ethnic groups that have spent at least a decade trying to murderfuck each other to oblivion at rate eventually reaching levels unseen in europe since ww2 . 
  not even remotely comparable . 
  if it acts like a duck ... russia is a textbook example of a fascist state for more than a decade now . 
  losing some money is better than encouraging aggression of fascist states . 
  it certainly helps to repeat these flaws again and again , until the noise drowns out the positives . 
  they did a pretty terrific job by `` finding some dots on a map '' . 
  our legionnaires did n't ask to be caught in the middle of this godforsaken war , but they did an amazing job with resources at hand , holding the trans-siberian railroad and the surrounding areas free of commies for more than a year , while slowly fighting their way to the east to vladivostok , from where they traveled across the pacific , usa , atlantic until they arrived in our newly independent country 2 years after the end of ww1 ... their story reads like a modern odyssey . 
  my great grand-father was one of them , sadly i never had the chance to talk to him . 
  here 's one fort known more for holding people in than out ...
