  ideologies linked to this day have no place in modern civilized society . 
  my sympathies to all three romanians who cared . 
  the cold war devastated half of the continent and countless lives . 
  out of memory , situations that put two local populations against each other : hussite wars : losers ( taborites ) were removed from the equation by fire and steel . 
  thirty-year war : losers ( protestants ) were removed from the equation by fire and steel . 
  world war 2 - losers ( sudeten folk ) were removed from the equation by fire and steel . 
  1993 - dissolution of czechoslovakia : by not giving a f ** k and actually not starting the war over dumb reasons . 
  there is no russian empire that could claim these lands . 
  that country is gone , buried in history forever . 
  you are missing the communist link . 
  the party used unions in the past to spread the ideology , they organised their protests and eventually their power grab through unions . 
  all for the people . 
  the communist period was in some respects a rule of the unions and even today a lot of communists and former communists remain in existing union organisations . 
  the concept of unions is deeply tainted in our memories . 
  he does a great job acting like one . 
  extremely weak unions , people despise them as a socialist construct . 
  about 7 billion $ ( 5 % gdp ) is being siphoned out of the country every year by multinationals . 
  many years went by without increasing salaries because of the crisis and austerity measures . 
  czechs are conservative spenders and savers just like germans , but even more paranoid about threat of hyperinflation . 
  we had several governments in row telling people that it 's bad and it will be worse . 
  then add the lasting trauma from a transition from a comfortable progressive utopia to an everybody-for-himself attitude . 
  the end result is that people are afraid they will lose their jobs and they are willing to work for a pittance just to keep it . 
  the other thing is that many people do n't even realise that they could ask for more . 
  they are fairly content because they do live better lives than their parents and grandparents . 
  yeah , i would n't be surprised if they decided in the same way we `` decided '' : after thinly veiled threats from eurocrats how they will not let some small country screw their plans without severe consequences . 
  lisbon treaty was a bloody disaster and it resulted in a massive loss of trust in eu . 
  when i heard about a russian warship catching a bunch of somali pirates . 
  i felt it was lame the entire time since dissolution . 
  it 's not even close to russians . 
  no one else manages to maintain baghdad bob 's level of blatant lies for so long , with such consistency and with so many people buying their crap . 
  that 's how we would say it ( czech `` ch '' is similar to spanish `` j '' ) . 
  but it 's an english name and they already pronounce ch in czech with a `` k '' sound . 
  i used to love it ~ 15 years ago . 
  i tried it recently and it tasted like mud . 
  nah , we get the cheap low-quality crap from poland , more cheap low-quality crap from czech sources and a lot of overpriced low-quality crap branded under popular western labels , but with modified recipe to make it more crappy for ee tastes . 
  well , you have either an option to accept him as your great teacher and prophet or you can be thrown into a snake pit and die horribly . 
  the pit makes his teachings quite appealing . 
  speaking a slavic language definitely helps in that regard . 
  actually i did neither . 
  read it again . 
  guess why it was n't recognised by a single respectable country . 
  fucked if you do , fucked if you do n't . 
  going completely independent and ditching the russia could help you get more international recognition , but i doubt russia will let you do that . 
  if all your choices are down to two bullies , pick the one that 's more vulnerable to external forces . 
  georgians will be watched both by the world and by russians and they ca n't really afford a loss of international support . 
  while if you are part of russia , everything will be `` russian internal matters '' and at best they will receive some strongly worded emails that will end up in kremlin spam filters . 
  my point is that if a future father feels this issue is important , his supposed soulmate should know him and understand him well enough to avoid being offended . 
  this wish is a part of him . 
  if she ca n't do this , i am willing to bet that deeper cracks will appear in their future . 
  living your life according to intricate rules attributed to an imaginary entity fits a definition of insanity for me . 
  trust but verify . 
  if she is going to be angry , she is a wrong choice anyway . 
  so , who was the unidentified military force that suddenly popped up in donetsk area and started armed rebellion against government ? 
  because those militants and people who sent them are the ones responsible for deaths and suffering of donetsk people . 
  they are the ones who escalated the tensions and decided that further negotiations will be done by live ammunition exchange . 
  when one side stops negotiating and starts shooting , the other side can only reply in same kind . 
  both already occupy the rock bottom on my ladder of countries i 'd like to have as neighbours . 
  that 's not exactly kosher either . 
  oh , that reminds me of my work trip to la few years ago , we had to stay at our sister studio in glendale . 
  they were working in a large warehouse kind of thing with space for ~ 100 people in cubicles and a lot of tiny office rooms on the side . 
  no real issue with that , but then we decided to go to work on the weekend to finish our part of the project faster and when we got there , the entire complex was empty , fully lit and the air conditioning working at full speed , just like on a work day . 
  that wastefulness was incomprehensible . 
  comfortable , but incomprehensible . 
  not even going to start about their urge to drive a car to pick up something 5 minutes away . 
  it 's our way to remind our females that they lost the [ war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_maidens%27_war ) . 
  czechia was already on par with austria , it used to have 70 % of the entire empire 's industry . 
  czechoslovakia as a whole was n't as good , slovakia and especially carpatian ruthenia had ... issues . 
  russian intelligence services are capable of world class subterfuge , manipulation and disinformation chaos at such scale that the only rational approach is to suspect their involvement until proven otherwise . 
  at least in cases where a possible net benefit for russia can be traced . 
  they are simply too good not to be suspected . 
  many factions are responsible for many things . 
  the decision to have this war , the decision to fuel the paranoia of russian minorities , the propaganda machine that for years keeps feeding them a heavily skewed image of a hostile west going after them , all that falls solely on russia . 
  it was a choice between guaranteed misery and bleak future under russians or a chance to get something better , eventually . 
  russia is fully responsible for the following war . 
  british bachelor parties - drunk , loud , bad manners , amateurs only know how to binge drink . 
  young danish students : you know it 's bad when the city police needs to ask for reinforcements in anticipation of danish school holidays ( or whatever is causing it ) . 
  it 's a joke , somebody made the sign in peroutka 's name , calling out z-man on his shameless accusation and slander of a dead person . 
  +1 we 've built some amazing businesses here in prague based on this seemingly inexhaustible rural resource . 
  you were an ally of france and france was our ally . 
  you would be dragged in . 
  the british mission to czechoslovakia was a pathetic failure that actively helped hitler to achieve his strategic objectives through the gross incompetence of lord runciman . 
  and we were not free to fight . 
  the outcome of munich left us more or less defenseless and completely at mercy of hitler . 
  and on top of that uk+f rance governments told us that if we were to resist , they would not help us and we would be held responsible for the next world war as its perpetrators . 
  not hitler , we . 
  i would n't call it a crime , though , just extraordinary shortsightedness . 
  comparing internet infrastructure of a country to that of a capital city . 
  well done . 
  the name `` sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 '' is both the name of the sauce and the czech name for a beef tenderloin which , given its price , is often replaced by cheaper cuts . 
  italy : - spaghetti alla carbonara , who ever thought that up - lasagne - this weird flat round thin bread thingy with all kinds of topping on it , ca n't remember the name . 
  uk : their meat pies are really something . 
  i love goulash , leczo , perkelt and other stuff from hungary , but they are an integral part of the central european cuisine and i do n't really see them as foreign . 
  the sauce is made of onions , carrots , celery root and parsley root , cooked with beef tenderloin and mix of spices ( thyme , bay leaf , allspice ) . 
  the meat , bay leafs and allspice are then removed and the rest is blended together into a paste . 
  then a cream , roux and a lemon juice is added as a final step . 
  how could i miss this gem ?!, 
  good point . 
  our populists are pretty proficient at blaming eu and west and it 's not surprising that their voters are copying that rhetoric . 
  and a lie repeated thousand times eventually gets under the skin of other , usually reasonable people as well . 
  well done !,
