  the only way forward would be to build a new world-wide system for everything . 
  i think the absolute nature of it would enable us to cope with it much better than what we face right now . 
  the current trickle is n't significant enough to trigger any real societal changes and people are sticking to old proven ways as much as possible , trying to downplay the real issue in hope that it will go automagically go away . 
  it will just slowly continue to poison our environment without pushing us over the limit and accept the need for a change . 
  that said , i 'd be very happy to avoid any event like that in my lifetime . 
  damn , now i am going to see tzar vladimir riding not on a bear , but on a giant sandworm . 
   just because a country follows sharia and is home to mecca does n't make it any more religious than more tolerant 100 % muslim countries . 
  i disagree . 
  but perhaps i was wrong in focusing on the religious aspect as islam is a chimera of religion and law . 
  perhaps it is the law aspect of islam that causes more issues , but no muslim could ignore it and still be called a muslim . 
  my grandmother always told us that when german army arrived in 1938 , they were going absolutely insane over full shops in prague , like they saw it for the first time . 
  edit : 1939, 
  ran out of colonies to exploit ? 
  the boat made it , did n't it ? 
  ^ i ^ kid ... i ^ kid ... 
  the most religious countries in the muslim `` block '' are the most problematic . 
  the least religious countries are the least problematic . 
  it is n't far fetched to point out that islam might have something to do with it . 
  thanks !, 
  how many soldiers in red army were russians ? 
  just wondering, 
  multi-layered recursive diminutives , 
  what ? 
  i cringe almost every time i hear anything dubbed in czech . 
  some high profile movies tend to get . . decent , decent at best dubbing , but rest of the production is unbearable . 
  horribly flat unnatural voices , completely removing or misinterpreting original emotions , untranslated nuances . 
  czech dubbers trying to do everything like they were doing shakespeare and completely ruining the naturally flowing conversations . 
  and so often they completely mismatch the voices , just taking whoever was available and cheap . 
  we used to have a good dubbing , decades ago , especially people like frantisek filipovsky . 
  his louis de funes was at least as good as the french actor himself , which was one heck of an achievement . 
  these times are long gone . 
  we are still here and still holding to our own . 
  [ still alive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6ljfakrtri ), 
  hilarious , is n't it ? 
  you just ca n't make that up . 
  i guess many of us became ukrainians for that moment . 
  long term side effects of a nanny state that takes care of you from a cradle to a grave . 
  awful , awful idea , 3/10 , would not recommend . 
  though it does look like some westerners are itching to relearn our lessons . 
  i know about our different approach to multicultural issues , but that 's all i can recall . 
  is there any other significant difference that comes to your mind ? 
  also our values might not be 100 % western european , but they most definitely are 100 % european . 
  just nitpicking . 
  i guess there 's boulevard chain with baguettes . 
  not that large with ~ 24 places , but it is popular , it is a czech brand and no other czech chain comes close to it . 
  it 's mostly in prague , though . 
  i can agree with that part , because russia reacted the way we knew russia would react . 
  and he obviously knew russia well enough to predict it . 
  at the same time though , that disproves his positive view of russia in 1998 . 
  they were not peaceful democratic people , because the basic requirement to trigger that reaction was that russia 's thought process would remain same , unchanged from soviet times . 
  a bitter nation with huge trust issues who sees everyone around them as a threat , unless they are controlled , dominated and collared . 
  ( their history is so shitty that their point of view is probably warranted . 
  their nation-wide ptsd is probably unrivalled ) if russians became peaceful and democratic , we would have no reason to run away from them as far as possible . 
  but they did not change , they only pretended to for a while . 
  unlike germans and third reich , many russians still see soviet period as a period of greatness , either oblivious or complacent with the methods of the regime . 
  and because of that , the existence of nato is still required to contain russian sickness and a threat of war in europe will loom over us for a foreseeable future . 
  and it will not go away until russians finally mentally catch up with the development in 20th century and its realisation that europeans could do much more by working together than by killing each other . 
  i am sure they have other nice hobbies as well , but their relationship with ee is exactly like that . 
  they see us ( and every single one of their existing allies ) as buffer states , bitches , tools , squeezes and nothing else . 
  they have n't changed one bit since bolsheviks took over . 
  it 's not that difficult to predict a reaction based on truth . 
  we * knew * russian leadership thought process . 
  intimately . 
  great for them !, 
  we 've managed to revive our language after pretty brutal germanisation lasting more than a century . 
  it 's worth it . 
  we were n't comparing russia to other ex-soviet countries . 
  that assumes the northern/western model is a better one . 
  actually , a lot of current troubles stem from a rock solid conviction of many european countries that their cultural models are superior and others should simply copy it . 
  common european future can not be build while one half of europe disregards and ignores the other half . 
  helping african countries to get their crap together and grow is obviously the best answer . 
  though the real question is how to actually do it without encouraging massive corruption , or just simply transfering western money back to western companies that will take on offers and opportunities to `` rebuild '' the country . 
  it has to focus on everything . 
  they need education in order to build the economy . 
  they need health industry and developed agriculture in order to stop suffering from avoidable causes . 
  they need reduced corruption and a rule of law , so they can actually have faith in the future of the country and will be willing to stay there and build it . 
  and they need their own companies doing most of it . 
  meh ... the religion should be a personal thing and as long as it does n't interfere with his secular job , it should n't be a problem . 
  back in 1998 we were still under strong influence of havel and our drive towards democracy , open society and tolerance was at all time high . 
  russia in 1998 was a desperate and sad country . 
  they are afraid to tell , it 's only 70 years since the last time czech gypsies were wiped out . 
  ( i wish i could add / s ), 
  glasgow is in eastern europe ? 
  : confused :, 
  you know that if the `` deportation '' aspect of the process actually worked , the entire crisis would be much more manageable . 
  but it does n't . 
  it does n't work at all, 
  that 's simply not true . 
  there is still a long way to go from `` not very grateful '' ( where we are now ) to `` entitled '' ( that 's reserved for greeks ) . 
  when you talk about any annoying aspect of your or someone else 's family . 
  notoriety also works , some families are just a bit more special . 
  fam\u00edlie is used here as a colloquial and a slightly derogative term . 
  no one ever claimed these atrocities in the name of atheism , though . 
  it would be pretty difficult to do so , anyway . 
  considering the special relationship between god and his chosen tribe , i do n't think he would mind . 
  or maybe it 's more like this : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pkmv6e5keo] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pkmv6e5keo ) edit : wrong video, 
  i have seen shoujo anime relationship charts simpler than this `` ridiculously simple '' interpretation . 
  it 's as good as it can be , i will admit that . 
  they have a healthy portion of asian genes as well . 
  anyway , most slavs are mixed .
