  all that `` make example out of uk '' talk is about our commitment to treat uk fairly like any other country negotiating with eu and with no special concessions without getting an equal value in exchange . 
  hard but fair . 
  they only squandered our good will to give them a special treatment . 
  it 's not exactly unusual for a state to pour money into its underdeveloped areas . 
  eu member countries are not allowed to negotiate individual trade deals with non-eu countries , so it 's pretty clear that the eu will be acting as a block . 
  good point . 
  not surprised in the least , given the terrible smell of smokers and smoking areas . 
  the death penalty is an easy answer . 
  it takes experience , wisdom and maturity to see beyond `` easy answers '' . 
  i would n't expect much from a 6th grader . 
  i doubt the americans have anything like a clear vision now , so that 's a wishful thinking . 
  trump is likely throwing chicken bones each morning to decide his next course of actions . 
  because the only remaining alternative to keep a rogue state in check is a show of might . 
  and a discussion usually leads to better results than bombs . 
  which laws we refused to abide ? 
  so pretty much on par with the current course . 
  a different alliance with russians . 
  * points at his flair *, 
  we are pretty familiar with the way russians treat their allies . 
  we 've been doing badly in all gender gap statistics i 've ever seen . 
  there have to be some subtle influences or cultural factors going on , as our females gained full equality almost a century ago , patriarchal aspect of our society is nearly non-existent and females are pretty much the decisive and driving half of the society for generations now . 
  i 've been thinking about it for quite some time and i see several areas where our system might be less than beneficial to our females : we work to live , we do n't live to work . 
  therefore family tends to take precedence over careers . 
  - we have one of longest maternity leaves available in europe , by far . 
  it 's great for children , less so for careers of their mothers as staying out for 3 + years will leave a dent in statistics . 
  - our previous generations of females considered it a matter of pride to handle both household and the career equally well , which forced them to make compromises for sanity reasons , because it simply is n't possible to do both at 100 % . 
  - while girls have access to all areas of educations , the school system out of laziness is fairly inflexible and tends to nudge many undecided girls into a limited set of professions that are already bursting in seams and suffer from low salaries . 
  lol , no . 
  electing a dumbo for a president is n't perhaps the wisest move , but it 's no reason to break relations with otherwise decent people and friends . 
  rightists dislike muslims , therefore leftists are compelled to like them . 
  yes , we can be simple creatures sometimes . 
  the first step to win is to know your enemy . 
  you failed the first step . 
  the main body of russian 's propaganda is n't visibly related to russia , it 's always about local issues and most people will never recognise the malicious intent . 
  russian origins become apparent only when you start digging deep and follow authors of articles , sponsors and companies that are providing these `` news '' . 
  it 's crazy how little money can give you so much influence in the modern world . 
  reminder to buy all the plastic crack from games workshop before they go back to turnip farming . 
  you sweet summer child ... 
  looks like a great place to get lost . 
  `` burp ! '' ? 
  any particular story responsible for that ? 
  that could be also understood as `` victims '' . 
  i was also confused by the skinny characteristic . 
  communism is n't threat to the rich , but to the able . 
  it 's because each kid is different , each parent is different and each culture is different . 
  in order to raise a kid to be a good person and a member of its society without any use of ( light ) violence , a lot of things have to align and a parent can influence only some of them . 
  that 's why personal experiences are so wildly varied . 
   `` when we get home you 're gon na regret that '' was on the face of my mother when she found 8 year old me after school in a primitive wooden raft exploring vltava river weirs in the middle of prague . 
  ouch . 
  good times . 
  it 's a good idea to question them about it and make them defend it , even if they are right ( like in this scenario ) . 
  racial profiling is a tool that can be horribly misused and every time the authority uses it , the purpose should be sound , acceptable and defendable . 
  it should n't be accepted as a basic , ordinary operation that does n't need scrutiny and oversight . 
  never felt guilty for the first part ( they had it coming ) , the second was a pretty daft idea , though . 
   also , if you think we are more understanding towards germany than france or the uk with regards of munich/ww2 , try to bring up bene\u0161 degrees in an average czech pub and claim that they were/are unfair and we should give compensation to sudeten ger * triggered * ^ / s, 
  yeah , that 's the first movie coming into my mind when i am trying to remember a good czech movie . 
  i find austria-hungary to be a better source for eu to learn from , as similarities are staggering . 
  a multicultural multi-language state with regions at vastly different development levels , controlled and developed through pretty good , efficient and unbiased bureaucratic system , but being consistently misused , misinterpreted and blamed for everything imaginable by nationalists and populists from all corners of the empire . 
  going through political materials and newspapers from 19th and beginning of 20th century , it 's like reading the modern news about eu and eurosceptics . 
  even the populist lies tend to present similar arguments . 
  the habsburg empire does n't have the best reputation these days , but there were many , many people with personal interest in depicting it in the worst way possible , while undermining many of its achievements . 
  imagine how we would look at eu in the future if eurosceptics ripped it apart and the history would be written from their point of view ? 
  yeah , the study being complete b **** s . according to the study , the closest three nations to us are you , russia and spain . 
  no contest on the first one , but the other two ? 
  whichever country get this , i hope they will see some benefits out of it , more than a few jobs and lot of tax evasions . 
  portugal could definitely use it more than us , our car industry is already uncomfortably large part of the economy . 
  1948 elections in czechoslovakia were indeed a sham as all candidates were either communists or people fully obeying communists -  a consequence of february 1948 . 
  1946 elections were more or less regular elections , but they still had pretty major issues . 
  only parties that promised cooperation with moscow in their program were allowed and the communist party was the only party competing in all regions ( votes for kss and ks\u010c were added together ) . 
  even with all of that , it 's undeniable that commies had massive popular support of the people . 
  they would likely win the elections with or without cheating . 
  everybody lost everything , with few exceptions . 
  all money was gone . 
  all savings were gone . 
  most of the private property was taken . 
  lifes were destroyed , either through political processes or simply through the grinding machinery of the system . 
  great , creative people that would soar and rise to fame in western countries , were ruined and bullied and many of them lost a will to live . 
  imagine living in a system where your life has a score . 
  similar to credit score , but on a political spectrum . 
  you had a high score ? 
  great , you could study on universities , get a nice job . 
  you had a low score ? 
  you were prevented from higher education , you were restricted to the worst kinds of job and the system actively went all out to remind you , daily , that your life sucks and you deserve all of it , for you are the enemy of the working class . 
  how did you get a high score ? 
  by being born in working class family , by being loyal to the party and by never straying from the party line . 
  how did you lost points ? 
  by not having working class backgrounds . 
  by being related to people without working class background . 
  by either saying or acting in any opposition to the party line , or by being related to anyone doing the same thing . 
  or by just pissing off any of the countless dimwitted watchdogs that could report on you and be `` trusted '' by the party , because their working class background gave them superiority over your sorry ex-middle class family origins . 
  every time you wanted something better than bare necessities , you were judged ( without being present ) . 
  the judgement was done by committees and loyal people from your area , that were either monitoring you or just responsible for your house or a street . 
  you were surrounded by party lapdogs , people with generally low intelligence but a long list of issues and jealousy against more successful , capable , educated and/or intelligent people . 
  all of them had the potential to deny your requests or even ruin your life and life of your family ( see above ) . 
  your teachers reported on you . 
  your neighbors reported on you . 
  your coworkers reported on you . 
  more than 10 % of the population was in the party and you could trust no one . 
  you had a public face that was as party compliant as you could manage and you kept your opinions to yourself and to the closest , smallest group of friends imaginable . 
  any transgression and your entire extended family would feel repercussions , sometimes soft but always , eventually noticeable .
