they can always have a referendum about accepting euro within next ~ 3 years ( or so ) . 
  and then plan a next referendum . 
  the thing is , they seem to think that . 
  some of them threw kids over the barrier , severely injuring them in the process . 
  now we will miss only the ocean . 
  but if we melt the polar caps entirely , we might not have to go that far anymore . 
  yup , sounds like a plan . 
  every project has to be documented here in cz , eu verifies everything they pay for . 
  and there are many cases when they laughed us off with : `` nice try , chumps '' ( deservedly ) . 
  sadly then it ends up being covered by taxpayer 's money and people responsible are rarely affected . 
  however it does n't take much to inflate budget costs while still looking clean . 
  studies and evaluation reports can be also tailored to provide more favourable results without being obviously faked . 
  but in our case ( and that 's fully our fault ) it mostly boils down to our inability to actually use up money from eu funds in time . 
  the procedures are long , our bureaucracy is n't effectively tackling them ... and in the end a lot of remaining money tends to be dropped on rushed projects or on projects that have less than rock-solid foundations , because it is `` better '' to spend the money on at least something than lose it entirely . 
  central planing at its best -_-, 
  damn . 
  i really should n't feel amused by them . 
  but i am . 
  quite a lot , in fact ... 
  yes , that will work on paper . 
  however i would n't want to be in weapon 's range around these people when they fully understand that they are literally screwed by a bureaucratic eu lottery and that they are being forced to stay for several years in an unappealing country where nearly everybody hold their culture , behaviour and religion in deep contempt . 
  they are not going to be happy . 
  they will feel swindled out of their dream . 
  they will hate us . 
  and it will end badly , for us , for them , probably for everyone . 
  the integration is a complex and difficult task and i believe that this is a great way to guarantee a failure . 
  it 's hard to be on a lifeboat and have a solidarity with people tying millstones to their legs , just because they feel they deserve it for their past crimes . 
  there is no particular atheist ideology around here . 
  most people simply do n't think about religious issues at all . 
  it has almost no presence in public life , in media , politicians are not talking about their faith either . 
  most people do n't come into contact with religious themes , except when walking around old churches . 
  and we treat them as interesting , valuable and precious remnants of past . 
  whenever people discover that someone is religious , they tend to be surprised and curious , being religious just does n't make sense , to believe in something as silly as bible stories means you have to suspend your rationality to the point of insanity . 
  so there is a small sense of wonder why would someone do that . 
  the church is generally mentioned only when in dispute with the state over some old property . 
  well , we had a strong dislike for organised religion for centuries . 
  the vatican was seen as enemy since ... uh ... 15th century , then they cemented it by cultural/religious extermination of protestant bohemia during 17th century . 
  we have already 1 % ( at least ) of extremely difficult to integrate minority already and we have our hands full of that . 
  actually we are completely failing to improve their situation and the racist tension is building up over years . 
  excuse us for not being interested in another 1 % of people from much more systematically violent and expansionist cultures . 
  so what , do you propose splitting the germany again to get rid of that silly racist and nazi east half of yours as well ? 
  well , majority around here would take that as a compliment . 
  myself included . 
  so the latvia will be stuck with a bunch of unlucky , angry , disappointed , `` betrayed '' , `` swindled-out '' immigrants that will consider it a personal injustice that they were n't picked for one of rich countries . 
  i am sure nothing bad will come out of that . 
  not just austria , it 's the denial of the entire germanic half of our culture . 
  but only when it suits us , of course . 
   czechs are godless gay wanna-be german who speak funny . 
  they did n't fight hitler like poland because they wanted to be andchlussed anyway . 
  close enough . 
  in comparison to other slavic unions i think we fared quite well , 
  i believe we would be much more open to quotas and our share of responsibility as long as specific eu countries like germany or sweden cut down their overly generous incentives and low entry bar refugee procedures . 
  we are not afraid of several thousands . 
  we could handle even tens of thousands if we had a reasonable belief that there would n't be many more to follow . 
  but we ca n't agree to quotas in a situation where the invitation for welfare shoppers remains open and quotas would just keep redirecting thousands of people to the country every month , endlessly . 
  start taking the source of the problem seriously and we will do our part . 
  you are preparing this project against our interests since 2005 . 
  why do you expect our solidarity when you keep undermine our security ? 
  let 's simplify it even more : both decisions were made by germany against wishes of east . 
  or maybe it is hypocritical for germany to criticise east putting their interest above the rest , while germany is happily doing the same this cuts both ways , really . 
  both sides are hypocritical . 
  in fact , most countries in eu are like that . 
  conditions of the contract , of course . 
  russia has been using their gas as a tool to bully , force and divide european countries for many years now . 
  that 's why we want to reduce the dependency on those sick fucks to as little as possible . 
  and also that 's why we get angry when germany ignores all common sense and historic experience and continues to make deals with the russian mafia . 
  there is always an added cost to any deal with russia . 
  a very , very nasty cost . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to treat these as refugees anymore . 
  they are just illegal trespassers now . 
  * sigh * . 
  i do n't even ... of course you would let the people get off the boat and then sink it or confiscate it . 
  the current practice often returns these boats to their smuggling owners so they can be reused for another run . 
  something about the ship being full of refugees could be used as a hint . 
  yeah , we usually end up as a country with low differences in inequality and the least amount of people living in property . 
  or very near the top . 
  which is a bitter joke for anyone who knows the living conditions here in cz . 
  about 1/3 of people is financially secure , 1/3 is paid enough to make ok living with no ability to save for the future , and 1/3 is on so tight budget that even a broken washing machine is a huge problem for them . 
  but for some reason people here actively fight against increasing salaries . 
  it 's like not being hungry and having a place to live makes us content with our low salaries . 
  this guy reminds me of those sunshine salon communists who still cling to belief that communism could work , even though country after country succumbed to devastation in yet another ( tm ) attempt to make it work . 
  such massive denial of reality , such insane harmful naivety . 
  but let 's rejoice at this opportunity to observe a pure idiot in his native habitat , sipping tea , grazing weed and producing elegant heaps of s ** t. 
  a free woman in western society should be able to dress in all manners appropriate for the society . 
  these muslim women would face a significant negative backslash from their families and extended communities if they wanted to go outside dressed in western clothes . 
  therefore they are not free . 
  and no matter how many times they say it 's fine and that they prefer it that way , their voice means as much as a voice of a domestic victim defending her abuser . 
  there is nothing wrong about wearing a traditional clothes like those . 
  what is wrong is they do n't have the choice of not wearing it without facing severe consequences . 
  those refugees that ask for asylum in czech republic are being treated normally according to international laws and conventions . 
  i do n't see any reason for sanctions here . 
  i am sure eu is n't expect us to accept refugees that do not want to be here and restrict their free movement against their will for next several years . 
  we are not a prison colony . 
  just to be sure . 
  romanian gypsies and romanians have very little in common , so calling those beggar gangs romanians feels somewhat unfair towards romanians . 
  are they romanians or gypsies ? 
  * stealing that drone and selling it for scraps *, 
  are our people that daft ? 
  you want to lose the freedom of movement we fought so hard for just because there 's a ( big ) bunch of illegals in the area and nobody knows what to do with them ? 
  borders will not stop them , borders will stop only us ...
