  then they would be equally well in most parts of the europe and some of them would consider moving to `` poorer '' eu countries because there 's a lower cost of living and they would get more out of their eu wellfare, 
  agreed . 
  and it 's not just baltics , the whole area between germany and russia knows this feeling very very well . 
  the immigration crisis and related security risks are negligible compared to the utter cluster fuck of living in broken europe . 
  so i 'd say it would be more productive to cooperate now than to react like : `` they asked for a loaf of bread ? 
  burn the granary before they ask for more ! '', 
  i mean , it 's almost a biblical level of stupidity . 
  cute . 
  do you do birthday parties as well ? 
  how exactly ? 
  i would n't be too optimistic about nato surviving eu breakdown of this scale . 
  trust is a crucial component of a mutual defense pact and there would be no trust left after eu being ripped apart by selfish idiots . 
  i for one appreciate the fact that those showers brought relief , joy and happiness , not suffering , terror and death . 
  i like the idea . 
  a brilliant idea . 
  let 's see what the future will be like with eu shattered , russian ambitions unchecked and all those civil wars on european borders with no resolution in sight . 
  i am sure it will be just great . 
  any decent beer in the area ? 
  well , if there is something that was pillaged in russia , then that should be returned . 
  anything else ? 
  haha lol nope . 
  so we have 2 generations to fix middle east and make it work and appealing enough that soul-searching youngsters of 3rd and 4th generation are not going to feel angsty about coming from a * bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep * culture of * bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep * . 
  got it , no problem ... i guess ? 
  right ? 
  a beautiful building . 
  i always feel happy when i find another building or palace around here in prague that was properly cleaned and/or renovated . 
  it makes me feel that we are no longer stucked in the communist decay and we are progressing forward ... albeit slowly . 
  i think they are enjoying the calmness and serenity of their beautiful country after centuries of stress from ruling the unruly empire . 
  tbh , they do n't have spare resources for any significant amount of refugees . 
  their social system is already overloaded to the breaking point by their large gypsy population . 
  i would enjoy having netflix , period ... 
  reducing the number of people in western world is not going to do anything for systematic hunger in poor countries in africa , where the traditional way of dealing with food shortages is to keep multiplying as much as physically possible . 
  good for them ? 
  the wall will not help unless you put soldiers to it with standing orders to shoot and kill anyone that approaches , be it a man , a woman or a child . 
  this immigration wave can not be stopped by any acceptable civilised means , we can only focus on how to deal with consequences . 
  heh , i suspected that `` stalinism '' was somewhat forced as replacement of communism because the naive sunny part of europe has such warm relationship with those poisonous f *** ers . 
  hello , mr. 
  most of them are not selling sex because they are desperate . 
  they are selling sex because they get a crapload of money for it . 
  prostitutes around here are easily one of the best paid professions , they make more money than most college educated specialists . 
  the choice is usually between working long hours in a regular job and getting anything from barely minimal to average salary or fucking people for lawyer-like rates ... 
  i 'd say it 's a fair comparison . 
  both sides have selected few stars with astronomic salaries , a small number of people with extremely high salaries and a vast majority of people with normal incomes . 
  but i am willing to bet that an average sex worker is making much more money than an average athlete . 
  if i had a penny for every contradiction and conflict of interests in the feminist movement , i would be moving to my new private artificial moon next month . 
  i wonder how many resources and energy we are spending on production , maintenance and disposal of all those wind power plants . 
  are we at least breaking even ? 
  western nations do have a history of meddling in middle east , they are far from innocent . 
  but the main source of instability in me has been for quite some time the local culture . 
  they have slaughtered each other for almost entire history of islam with or without external involvement . 
  it 's rarely about islam vs west , it 's usually about shia , sunni and other poor bastards caught up in the middle . 
  well , our industries ( in czechoslovakia ) were old , outdated and in dire need of replacement , except there were n't any resources left to pay for that . 
  factories were cannibalising machinery and it was obvious even to the ruling `` elite '' that we were out of options . 
  this union would shelter all those incompetent outdated companies that were n't fit for the real market , it would reduce the pressure to modernise them and force people to work seriously and it would leave us in the hole for much , much longer . 
  to find a shelter for hundreds of thousands of migrants or to help their home countries to reestablish order and peace and save hundreds of millions from fear and suffering . 
  decisions , decisions . . 
  i can understand why austerity does n't work as a solution for a country that just suffers from a temporary period of lower economic activity , but is without glaring faults . 
  but if the country has major structural flaws like crappy tax collection or way too generous social and pension system , pouring more money into it without reforming those areas is just going to waste a lot of money . 
  reforms have to happen before growth can be encouraged again . 
  i guess we should make a deal with seven african/middle-eastern warlords to keep the order in their waters . 
  czech dialects are using all 7 cases but there are alterations in more specific combinations in some dialects , like an accusative ( 4th ) of a plural form of a masculine animate gender noun is often same as nominative . 
  plenty of public data available about miserable state of roma in czech republic , it 's no secret that we are failing hard in our efforts to integrate them . 
  we already have 200-300k ethnic immigrants with their 2nd and 3rd gen kids , that are failing hard to integrate into society , even after decades of searching for a way . 
  i ca n't blame people for hesitating before they let in more people from a vastly different cultural background that 's not very compatible with ours . 
  edit : typo , 3rd gen kids, 
  we ( czechs ) also used to be protestant ( well , hussite , to be exact ) rather than catholic for several centuries before the forced conversion to catholicism in 17-18th centuries . 
  catholic church ended up being the main religion and it left more marks on our culture than any other religion , but it was never really `` ours '' . 
  communists just finished the job started by secular generations before them . 
  the rest of europe does n't specialise in organized crime as their main export product , the city being the exception . 
  safe to say it was the worst event in our recorded history . 
  but i always loved the story of albrecht von wallenstein ( z vald\u0161tejna ) , his life would make a great game of thrones character . 
  i am not sure what you are asking . 
  v4 is proposing a proper , fair , sustainable solution that is n't driven by gross naivety displayed by some countries that intentionally ignore and downplay integration issues and that does n't give selected eu nations a role of a prison colony . 
  it also acknowledges a need for a mechanism that compensates countries that share more of the burden , because that is inevitable as long as refugees with asylum have a free choice of a target country . 
  there is a certain disconnection between these official proposals and what tends to be thrown as a comment or reaction out in local news and interviews , because the entire refugee crisis has been hijacked and abused by all political camps . 
  it 's nearly impossible to have a rational public debate about it right now , thanks to populists on both sides . 
  paying germans for housing the refugees would be difficult indeed , because the cost per head would be many times higher than what we spend on our people in need . 
  there 's no way our government could agree to that without being forced to resign . 
  masking it as something that 's being paid from the eu budget would be much more easier to swallow , even if it reduced the amount of money available for our countries in european structural funds . 
  and i think that was the intention . 
  or '' \u010cechy '' , but those grape juice milkers living on the eastern fringe of nothingness tend to complain about it , parroting some nonsense about geography and history . 
  close , it 's right between chechnya and sokovia, 
  i do n't recall any harsh mistreatment of refugees along the way from balkans to germany , nothing extreme . 
  hungarians did a pretty good job of holding back . 
  and they had a damn good reason to be careful , there was a lot of sensational articles by western media that were fishing and sometimes openly making up incidents to satisfy the stereotypes of their user base about barbaric eastern europe . 
  the dublin treaty was upheld up to the point where germans sent that badly interpreted message . 
  then it became futile and pointless . 
  edit : there were also many volunteers from cee countries helping along the way , organising migrants and trying to provide what was needed . 
  that 's a common sentiment even here . 
  and yes , it 's pretty ignorant . 
  my best guess is the american culture somewhat escapes our usual notion of what we are used to recognize as a set of customs , dress styles , lore , food , architecture and history , evolved and layered over itself in one area over long , long time . 
  the way we look at older european , asian cultures or middle eastern cultures . 
  to see and appreciate american culture , we need to take a step back and look at a broader picture . 
  and we usually fail to do that . 
  half of the continent suffered under terror of ideology that used this song as their hymn and this day as their main celebration . 
  these idiots destroyed more lives in the 20th century than anyone else , third reich included . 
  nazi swastika is banned for a good reason . 
  hammer , sickle and internationale song should be banned just as well . 
  i do n't care about who hijacked what , these symbols are nowadays symbols of the worst period and the worst ideology of modern european history . 
  promoting this day and posting that accursed hymn takes an extraordinary degree of stupidity , historic ignorance and cultural insensitivity .
