  bush look like a highly sophisticated and educated gentleman . 
  i 'd like to have a president that does n't actively undermine our country 's stability and international position and who does n't make me feel ashamed whenever he opens his mouth . 
  am i asking for too much ? 
  well , as long as the germany 's approach to the immigrant problem is `` do it our way or gtfo , you uncivilised racists '' , it 's difficult to find a common ground . 
  holy carp , what exactly is the rest of europe eating on christmas if ours are supposed to be light and healthy ? 
  we stuff ourselves to burst with deep fried or pan-fried carp and schnitzels together with highly caloric potato mayo salad , on top of a crazy amount of various christmas cookies composed of fat and sugar . 
  add rivers of sweet drinks , potato crisps , nuts and countless `` chlebicky '' ( small open-sided sandwiches , in most versions highly caloric ) and it 's a real christmas miracle to make through chrismas without any health issues . 
  hussite wars . 
  catholic church burns a wrong proto-protestant priest at stake because he complained too much about fat priests and as a consequence his peasant supporters ( men , women and children ) create a first real gunpowder heavy army in europe , develop new weapons , train in unique armored wagon tactics and proceed to go full godisgreat.com on catholic europe . 
  and after several decades of rampage and ridiculous dominance over catholic forces and crusades , vatican gives up and gives them right and freedom to do whatever the fuck they want , reducing its grasp on europe and creating a room for following protestant movement . 
  not just german :( what a colossal clusterfuck that was . 
  it is as much part of the human nature as smoking or drinking . 
  often for same reasons ... a good start is to stop treating it as something positive , normal . 
  still chuckling , both videos were great , 
  the proposed system is too naive to actually work , so obviously yes . 
  also it would make the system more convincing if eu ceased to insist that economic migrants should be treated as refugees . 
  you are absolutely right , it 's pretty good here . 
  we are always willing to accept more refugees , but there are n't that many of them these days besides people from ukraine . 
  female on male violence is so ingrained in our culture that most people of both genders fail to recognise it as an assault . 
  that makes it pretty hard to do anything about it . 
  we will not know if nato actually works until the proverbial s ** t hits the fan . 
  russia does their best to sow discord and mistrust among people and politicians , the attack aimed at the most vulnerable aspect of a mutual defence alliance : trust . 
  that would still leave us with 8 million rather effective killers . 
  that would rank quite high indeed . 
  i would n't mind real `` consent lessons '' for boys and men , though it should n't be done by gender activists . 
  not because they are potential rapists ( no normal male would rape a woman ) , but because all boys and men should understand the current law and the potential minefield it represents . 
  they should be aware how exactly the `` consent '' and `` rape '' are now interpreted by courts , how broad the definition is and how is the entire system perverted and stacked against them . 
  eu - it 's not the union we want but it is the union we deserve . 
  all of us . 
  most people coming here are not war refugees but often miserably educated economic migrants . 
  there is no reason to accept them , no reason at all . 
  there is our commander [ jan \u017di\u017eka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_\u017di\u017eka ) while there are conflicting opinions about the whole hussite movement and the positives and negatives it brought , this guy was a certified badass . 
  in the first half of a 15th century during the after-math of the burning of jan hus , this commander took charge of angry proto-protestant peasant movement in bohemia and converted them into a deadly effective fighting force with a strong focus on infantry gunpowder weapons and offensive fighting with defensive tools . 
  he and his peasants then went on a winning streak and mauled and humiliated everything the vatican and catholic europe managed to throw at them until the pope was forced to accept that bohemia will have its own reformed version of christianity . 
  they crushed 5 crusades against bohemia , won 14 out of 15 major battles , often decisively . 
  the last one was basically between the moderate and radical factions and ended the movement with moderates winning . 
  he was never defeated and he did his last battles completely blind , controlling the battle with verbal descriptions of his officers . 
  we are in desperate need for a new good movie about him and hussites , they had a huge impact on europe 's military and the fall of knights . 
  lgbt supporters ? 
  being `` not homophobic '' does n't make you automatically a supporter of lgbt movement . 
  you could replace austrians with czechs and ... * rechecks the ladder * ... oh . 
  wait a moment , the graph says : `` where expats appreciate the friendly attitude towards foreign residents . '', 
  so that means we 've got the worst and least appreciative expats in the entire world ( besides sa and kuwait ) and someone is trying to spin it as our fault . 
  typical . 
  hmm . 
  i 've seen soft contact lenses mentioned already . 
  sugar cube screw propeller for ships beer barrel polka , 
  a good start would be a realisation that neither the left nor the right have a monopoly on what constitutes our so called core eu values . 
  both sides act like their views are the core values and the other is just a bunch of irresponsible or malicious degenerates . 
  it 's like having your left leg argue with your right leg , which one is more suited to bear the body . 
  because putin can end nato and regain much of russia 's lost standing within days if he makes a single controlled push against baltics at the right time with the right amount of force . 
  edit : baltics on their own are n't that important . 
  they are just the thermal exhaust port of the seemingly untouchable fortress , 
  heh , i remember when we tried to build a small wall across a street between two not very compatible groups of people . 
  eu smacked us down so hard ... 
  plenty of them are proud to be called that . 
  they are naive fools , all of them , clinging to the period of time with a set and sealed end . 
  the world is at the beginning of the greatest human migration in the history and we desperately need a completely new look to handle that without everything turning into bloody chaos . 
  the quota plan is a half assed solution that solves nothing except physically moving bodies around and seeding humiliation , hostility and hate between millions of migrants and natives . 
  i am not `` a concerned citizen '' as it is generally understood , so i ca n't speak for those . 
  i do n't like that eu officials believe that they can make those refugees go where they assign them , voluntarily or involuntarily . 
  it 's impossible , especially if you care about human rights at all . 
  they do n't agree with me . 
  they are angry the refugees are n't complying with their impossible ideas . 
  the refugees will never comply with the proposed quota system and there is nothing eu can do to make them without giving up the way we treat human rights . 
  absolutely . 
  that headline would be worth remembering . 
  first they proposed an impossible to achieve plan based on beautiful values . 
  then they were furious when their plan was criticised for being a idealistic pile of shite . 
  they forced it through anyway , because they said so . 
  and now they are angry that the plan is not even remotely working . 
  what to do to make it work ... what to do to make it work ... 
  that does n't protect you from anything at all . 
  as long as it is possible to export the goods , local buyers have to remain competitive with external offers . 
  the reduced value of your currency made your products more profitable on external markets and local buyers have no other option but to match it . 
  granting a significant influence to people with a terrible track record of human values and no interest in our prosperity beyond their own profit and political influence . 
  they are only looking for global leverage . 
  it 's like a league of human slavers offering money to build a new market in your town , while making sure no attempts to ban slavery will succeed . 
  czechoslovak foreign legion in russia during and after ww1 . 
  formed up from mass desertions of czech troops from a-h armies , the army became stuck behind the front lines during the bolshevik uprising . 
  they tried to negotiate a safe passage back , but after bolshevik demand of giving up their weapons and some resulting clashes , they took their weapons back and became an 30k + strong independent force in the middle of the bolshevik shit storm . 
  the western passage home was blocked by red forces and they were cut off deep in hostile territory . 
  so they decided to go the other way around the globe ... 
  they 've spent several years fighting on their own the reds in russia and siberia , while controlling the trans siberian railroad and maintaining large areas free from bolshevik influence . 
  but since the fighting was going nowhere and white russians with their leader kolchak were kinda ... problematic on their own , our legionaries eventually moved their forces to vladivostok , boarded ships across the pacific ocean and usa and arrived in europe two years after the war . 
  chinese funds come with a steep hidden price . 
  i hope they will look elsewhere . 
  we are still recovering from the last colossal fuck up called socialism , we ca n't afford another one so soon . 
  is keeping it as a slowly decaying ruin more respectful than a careful and respectful reconstruction of the original shape ? 
  i wonder why would the cost go up when the higher quality product in germany or austria costs less than the lower quality product over here . 
  while both being produced in belgium ( from one of the recent examples ), 
  eu actually allows it . 
  there was a court verdict few years ago that it is perfectly legal to provide different products under the same label in different parts of the union . 
  for most locals it 's a choice between buying a shitty product or not buying anything , because the good products rarely make it to shelves . 
  and when they do , they have a premium price . 
  a regular customer ca n't change it at this point , all major players in the country have the same approach and are content with providing equally poor goods and services . 
  a woman can already have two children at the age of 16 without breaking any laws . 
  preventing her from marriage at that point becomes kinda moot , does n't it ? 
  especially when she can easily get a divorce at any point in the future , it 's not a serious unbreakable life-long commitment as it used to be . 
  it 's like arguing that having your hands burned by a boiling water is better than falling into an acid pit , but given the outcome , one is clearly better for your health than the other .
