  i lived in one , just like my parents and grandparents . 
  what is your experience ? 
  oh you are absolutely right , he ca n't do what he would like to do , he does n't have that kind of control . 
  thankfully . 
  yet . 
  be glad . 
  so , do n't give anything anymore and kick him out of his seat as soon as possible . 
  a guy , that has shown his colors as a dictator-wannabe , should n't be left in power . 
  these people tend to have a significant corrupting influence over the system and it take a lot of time to undo their mess . 
  1.15 in 2000 , the lowest number in the entire graph , it seems . 
  nineties were bad , bad times for kids . 
  there can very little difference in daily life of a normal person in totalitarian versus properly functioning non-totalitarian system . 
  the real difference becomes visible when someone in power decides he does n't like you . 
  in a normal healthy system , he would n't be able to do much . 
  but in a totalitarian system all safe-guards and control mechanisms are weakened and/or removed out of the way , and there is nothing preventing him from harming you . 
  damn right , slovaks are awesome . 
  i was n't talking about jews . 
  they are the chosen ones . 
  as many others . 
  and they think they are right . 
  as many others . 
  they are just more ... self-critically challenged  than others . 
  `` or they would slaughter us . '', 
  you never know on which end you will find yourself . 
  many of these crimes were result of a multicultural society that disintegrated and all the hidden tensions were released and exploded at once . 
  it can be rewarding and enriching to all involved , but it takes very little to dismantle it and burn everything down . 
  uhm , how about you actually look at our real life experience with our minorities and different cultures ? 
  czechs had three culturally different minorities in the 20th century , jews , gypsies and germans . 
  gypsies were exterminated by us with german assistance , the czech gypsy population pretty much ceased to exist . 
  jews were almost exterminated by germans with our assistance , survivors moved to israel , where they began fighting for survival right from day 1 against people that compose the majority of current immigration wave . 
  germans were going to erase czechs but failed to do so , so we purged them instead and removed by force/lethal violence more than 2 millions of them . 
  we have n't really recovered from that just yet . 
  since ww2 , new gypsy immigrants moved here from the east and created a sizeable minority that rejects any attempts to integrate and is responsible for majority of crimes in the country . 
  we have a new community of vietnamese here and they are actually liked enough , if you ignore their almost total domination of narcotic manufacture and large scale tax evasions . 
  current refugees are not asians and they are not known for the ability to integrate or co-exist with other cultures . 
  it 's hard to feel positive about multiculturalism when a still sizeable part of your population lived through all of above . 
  previously it was compounded by very generous social systems and asylum procedures in selected eu countries that were too afraid to appear xenophobic or whatever and that completely shut down any attempts to reform their flawed systems . 
  if these countries fix their broken social systems and reduce the provided benefits to the point where the economic migration loses most of its appeal , then the flow will be eventually reduced to manageable state . 
  there seems to be a massive difference in how state agencies are perceived in our countries and in nordic countries , at least that 's what i learned from discussions about norwegian child services . 
  they seem to believe that when a state agency is responsible for something , the people inside are actually competent enough to do it well . 
  that 's difficult to comprehend and pretty much impossible to accept even as a standalone fact . 
  but an agency that can take away children for a minor offense and has complete lack of accountability to public ... is a nightmarish scenario that would be met with massive resistance here . 
  we have a horrible , * horrible * experience with bureaucracies controlling our lives and this is just too similar , too familiar , too close to our old wounds . 
  i wonder how many people russia assigned to * cough * encourage brexit feelings among population of uk . 
  i mean it 's not a question * if * russians are doing it , just how many resources are allocated to it . 
  they are masters of driving wedges into sore spots and brexit would nicely play into their long term plan to undermine eu . 
  the moment nato leaves turkey on its own will be the moment putin reverses his rhetoric and becomes the best pal with erdogan . 
  i would n't like that one bit . 
  i do n't think our intention is to give you a finger , but i can understand why it feels like exactly that . 
  we have no acceptable way of preventing hundreds of thousands of determined immigrants from crossing the short distance between turkey and greek islands . 
  no amount of patrol boats would help , because there is no real legal way to stop them . 
  so either we prevent them from leaving turkey ( which is outside our control ) , or we try to contain them on selected greek islands until their entire asylum request gets processed and evaluated ( which greeks are not doing ) ... failing that , we can try to stop them at the next border line . 
  and that 's what v4 is trying to do as a temporary stopgap solution , while the eu as a whole seeks a proper , longterm solution to syria and other sources of immigration . 
  i 've heard we had them here as well . 
  we will exchange them for spaces . 
  1 well engineered vowel for 1 precisely measured empty space . 
  even males . 
  i would n't be exactly comfortable with a freak jacking off right next to me , you know . 
  i do n't think you want to push too hard for these changes because you would get exactly what is happening right now , a nasty backslash . 
  people must see the union and a further integration as a good thing , something they are totally comfortable with . 
  that means they have to know and trust their neighbors , their wishes , their fears , their good sides and bad sides and they have to feel that their neighbors are not a threat . 
  you build that kind of system and then you need to wait at least 30-40 years to replace a significant part of the population with people that consider it normal . 
  at some point , the older generation will see that younger people are totally fine with it and it will make it easier for them to accept it . 
  and this step will have to repeat every time you want to achieve a next significant milestone of the european integration . 
  a slow , careful iteration . 
  it 's at least a century of work and you ca n't accelerate it without some serious orwellian brain washing . 
  it 's a reason why i am not happy about the current state of eu . 
  they are pushing too hard and the old core group of countries is n't even remotely interested to learn about newcomers . 
  the average eastern european 's knowledge of the west is much higher than the average western european 's knowledge of the east and that does n't make for a good , stable foundation and a mutual relationship . 
  * puzzled * you guys have one of highest wages in europe and in the world , i find it hard to believe that your problem are inadequate salaries . 
  if people in uk are still struggling with money , there has to be another explanation for it . 
  these images are seen as innocent and kid-friendly interpretation of foreign cultures , no one , not even educated people would pause for a moment , besides the fact that the sign might be misplaced and not really useful . 
  feeling the confusion makes the most sense because you are reacting to a different culture that never went through discussion and development of racial conflicts and issues that shaped views in western countries . 
  you just proved his point . 
  while both elections were n't `` free '' by western standards , having a suitable candidate picked by the single ruling party is still generally better than having one man in full control of the system . 
  car industry is an important part of our economy but our economy is quite complex and varied . 
  we ranked 6th in the world on economic complexity index , so something tells me that we are not just a mere country-sized car factory . 
  not that most czechs care about positive news , after all it goes against our national pastime , self-loathing . 
  good . 
  universal suffrage should go hand in hand with universal conscription . 
  handing majority of society a right to vote for war while at the same time exempting them from military duty is just wrong . 
  they were not that similar . 
  yes , they shared a lot of similar traits , but deep down japanese have a shame society , while germans as europeans have a guilt society . 
  that leaves both nations with very different ways of coping with consequences of their actions . 
  a lot of time . 
  keep the eu in semi-relaxed flexible state , try to expand it to an entire continent ( russia included ) and simply let it simmer for several generations . 
  then ask again . 
  people need to be totally comfortable with other europeans first . 
  they have to be able to trust the union and that their lifestyle and values will be respected . 
  let their values evolve on their own pace , if there is a good set of values to follow , they will converge to it on their own over next generations . 
  the current eu is an elephant in a glass store , thanks to massive amount of ignorance and unwillingness to learn , care and compromise . 
  any attempt to force new ideas and values of all kinds down the throats of people who do n't care for them will backfire , badly . 
  not knowing the details about the guy , the photo alone looks like a decent prank . 
  are we allowed to have our own opinion or are we forced to obey every `` western progressive '' idea , no matter how stupid it sounds and how much havoc it will cause ? 
  that money from eu is more of a compensation for negative impacts of eu and there is a very long list of those . 
  well , i also see it as a protection of the older partner . 
  kids at 15-16 like to pretend to be older and expecting the partner to do a mandatory id check if the partner is of proper age is ... a bit too much . 
  it is a bit tasteless ? 
  yes . 
  is it worth to put a 20 year old guy on a sex offender registry because he did n't validate the age of his supposedly 18 years old partner ?
