  i only mention it because it 's topical but , there should n't be a hyphen in your ` english-speaking ' . 
  the general rule is , though people often do n't care , that a hyphen should be used when it 's a compound modifier preceding a noun or whatever but not if it comes after or is on its own . 
  so : english-speaking people are oblivious to the quirks of their own language but people who are english speaking often loudly criticises other languages for being weird . 
  it 's not always important but it can be . 
  for example , ` the english speaking people ' can be read two ways : the people who are english and speaking or the people who are speaking english . 
  the hyphen rule allows disambiguation . 
  being swedish , you 'll be familiar with examples in your own language where a space is omitted to have a similar effect , t.ex engelsk l\u00e4rare v engelskl\u00e4rare . 
  ps forgive the grammar lesson being delivered with such bad writing but , it 's late . 
  1 ) that 's reasonable for the iraqis , the attendance of someone who would be out pm is not so reasonable 2 ) maybe , but the uk electorate do n't think there 's anything to negotiate about . 
  the falklands are british , end of story . 
  3 ) yup 4 ) a very ` brave ' position to adopt . 
  the uk electorate do not want unilateral nuclear disarmament or withdrawal from nato . 
  5 ) there 's not much room for nuance in debate by headline . 
  he 'll be labelled a terrorist sympathizer . 
  here 's my thinking behind their motivation , and i think where you 're missing a key point . 
  the banks own hundreds of thousands , upon hundreds of thousands , of properties at the moment . 
  they have direct control and ownership over a significant fraction of the market , due to the large numbers of repossessions during following the economic downturn . 
  to release them all on to the market in one go would flood the market with cheap property , and via the laws of supply and demand , depress the price . 
  if they did that , they 'd have to write down a lot of their assets value and they 'd also crystallise their loses . 
  by keeping them off the market , creating an artificial ( relative ) scarcity , they can gradually sell of the properties at a higher price . 
  it 's a perfectly rational policy for them to pursue as it avoids write downs and allows them to net a better return later on . 
  this can have knock-on effects on rental levels , saying as fewer properties are in general circulation . 
  the banks could possibly rent the properties out but they 're banks , not landlords , and probably do n't want to enter that market when they 're planning to offload the property over the next few years . 
  now you 're right that other people can come in and build more properties , and likely they are , but it 's not so simple . 
  the downturn probably destroyed a lot of capacity to build property ( it certainly did in the uk e.g. 
  brick foundries closing has lead to inflation and long lead times for bricks ) . 
  the banks are probably also reticent to lend for building ventures and the economy in spain is just starting to properly then the corner , so it 'll take a while for business sentiment to pick up to the extent that they 'll want to expose themselves to risk . 
  in ordinary circumstances , i 'd agree that the banks would n't benefit from artificial scarcity . 
  these are not normal times for spain though . 
  the banks being major property holders has lead to the establishment of perverse incentives , and it 's a rational decision for them to manufacture scarcity in the market . 
  tax structure , and on occasion fines , are a good way to go about removing perverse incentives . 
  i do want to think about it . 
  please provide me the evidence that i 'm wrong , or present a cogent argument , and i 'll throw my hands up and admit i 'm wrong . 
  but you ca n't , so you 're comforting yourself with the thought that ' i wo n't engage because he just wants to hate me , god i 'm such a victim ' . 
  feel free to pity me if you want , i do n't care if you are or are not wasting emotional energy on me . 
  that is n't quite what a conspiracy theory is but i wo n't hold it against you ; english clearly is n't your first language . 
  we wo n't continue this conversation as you 've actually brought nothing to the table in terms of evidence or critical discussion , just unjustifiable condescension and thus it 'd be a waste of time . 
  you act like creating artificial scarcity is n't sometime a perfectly rational course of action ( and you try to lens credence to that by painting me as a conspiracy theorists ; no , they 're not hidden actors , they 're the banks acting in their own self interest ) . 
  is the idea not to force them to sell them ( as opposed to renting them out ) . 
  at the moment , the banks are keeping large numbers of homes off the market to artificially inflate the price of housing ( thereby allowing them to minimise their losses from the housing bubble popping ) . 
  it 's clearly manipulating the market , at the expense of people in the city who are struggling to find homes . 
  it strikes me as the kind of thing that should be discouraged and taxes and fines typically are the best way to make companies change their behaviour , though there are likely ( maybe ) better ways to go about it * . 
   the banks wo n't provide finance for housing in a competitive market , that would leave a big gap for other people to swoop in and make a penny at the expense of the other banks who are turning their noses up at the city ( granted , the extra risk in the market would probably lead to higher interest rates but credit should n't dry up completely ) . 
  * the mechanism the scottish government is using to discourage long-term empty properties is doubling the council tax properties that have been unoccupied for over a year . 
  assuming your middle-of-the-road band d property in edinburgh , the annual charge would be in the region of eur20 ,000 ( for 12 properties , as seen in this article cf. 
  eur60 ,000 fine imposed ) . 
  that said , spain 's problems are on a different scale than scotland 's , given over 3.5 mln properties are lying vacant . 
  you have to wonder if those going on the market , causing house prices to drop , might aid spain along its path of internal devaluation by substantially lowering living costs and allowing the younger generation the opportunity to get their foot on the housing ladder just that wee bit easier ( or if it might be more damaging by raising rates of negative equity , freezing some of the workplace in one location , and wiping out even more middle class wealth ) . 
  again , easier said than done . 
  unless you 're deporting them to their home country , which they may be unwilling to disclose , you 're deporting them to some third-party country . 
  that third-party country is under no obligation to let them in so , unless you 're militarily forcing them on turkey or whomever , you 're in a bit of a bind . 
  it 's something far easier said than done . 
  the first obvious question is , where exactly do you deport them ? 
   low growth in q2 but these are seasonally adjusted figures , should recurring behaviour like that not be smoothed out ? 
  no , you 're reading the data wrong . 
  it 's not percentag-point changes in growth rate , but the growth rate itself . 
  in quarter one , the gdp rose by 6 % vis-a-vis the previous quarter . 
  so 15-q1 = 15-q4 * 1.06 . 
  in quarter 2 , gdp was only up 0.1 % , i.e. 
  ( 15-q2 ) = ( 15-q1 * 1.001 ) = ( 14-q4 * 1.06 * 1.001 ) . 
  a 0.1 % growth rate for an economy in romania 's state of development , with the actual figures are on the table on page 3 . 
  from 14q3 to 15q2 , 1.3 % , 0.9 % , 1.4 % , and 0.1 % . 
  gdp was up 3.7 % compared to same time in 2014 , but 0.1 % is pretty poor . 
  is there any particular reason that growth rates could plummet so much ? 
  well , my mummy 's impressed and that 's all that matters to me . 
  ( and oh look , another reddit meme that anti-fedora reference a subreddit one . 
  let 's see how many you 'll resort to now you 've given up your ludicrous bread is a vegetable detour from the point . 
  i was wondering when that one would come up , though i was expecting butthurt if i 'm being really honest . 
  so not only are you back to the ' i know you are but what am i line ' , you 're also using dumb redditisms . 
  are you going to call me salty next , or call my non-existent tears delicious ? 
   try your hardest to dispute it despite it being right ? 
  another incorrect deduction . 
  this is nowhere close to my hardest . 
  do n't flatter yourself about how much effort i 'm putting in to wind you up . 
   nitpicking wording for the sake of being petty and now to change the subject . 
  you know your argument was weak and your upset - to the extent of calling me retarded , infantile , and swearing at me - because you know it came crumbling down under some scrutiny . 
  i listened to your argument but , ultimately , it was something that was fit only to be disregarded as being little more than narrow minded and unworkable . 
  your argument came back as nothing more than ` but i think it would work because it would have worked in my school ' . 
   try not to cry next time you see a meat eating fascist blazenly being oppressive to you . 
  1 ) it 's spelled brazenly , 2 ) i eat meat , 3 ) i 've never felt as though someone was trying to oppress me in my life and , if i did , the last thing i 'd be doing is crying about it . 
   of and fuck off aswell . 
  nah , i like having the last word too much . 
  i 'm binging on netflix for the next wee while , so i 'll be sure to have it . 
  so you deny you asked for a ` vegetable free option ' ( i 'm assuming to goad me in to saying do n't eat it ) and then i suggested a whole variety of options available to you which you followed up by saying ` but pasta is made from wheat , which is a plant , so you 're making me starve ' ? 
  have you just forgotten that you said you would n't eat vegetables , and not plants ? 
  that seems to be your issue . 
   you successfully derailed the thread of conversation because you were wrong so well done there . 
  as far as i recall and am aware , i do n't think i 've said anything that is incorrect . 
   nice one , i 'm sure the people at school must find you hilarious . 
  again , your memory is playing up . 
  not only are you still operating under a false deduction , based off of misreading or misunderstanding my comment , you 've forgotten i explicitly told you i was n't at school . 
  no wonder you 're all over the place !, 
  well , i still maintain that that meat is ultimately made from plants ( it 's not just an energy source but as source of proteins , nutrients etc. 
  that ultimately get converted in to meat proteins and so on ) but it 's not the point . 
  do you know what subtext is ? 
  or that it was basically designed to undermine your ludicrous arguments ? 
  i 'd ask another question , being ` does everything have to be explicit with you ' , but i know the answer is a ) yes and b ) even when it is you still make false deductions . 
  and as an aside , you seem to be operating under the assumption that things being made from plants make them vegetables . 
  i thought it was for a laugh at first but now i genuinely think you believe it . 
  as i said , you 'll fit right in with the ` pizza is a vegetable ' - crowd in the us congress .
