  but there 's no need for the uk to become self-reliant for that , a free trade agreement would facililitate the trade through continental ports . 
  a continuation of the customs union would also facilitate that and , again , there 's no reason , other than spite , for the reu not to agree to that . 
  it 's in both parties interests . 
  to sum up , withdrawal from the eu would probably be damaging to the uk economy and affect both imports and exports but it would not result in a loss of 50 % of exports . 
  asseting that is stupid . 
  in fact , it reminds me of the bullshit scare tactics deployed by the no campaign in scotland . 
  ( the yes campaign also use bullshit , but it 's usually painting a rosier picture than scare tactics . ), 
  basically this thread is useless , it 's a discussion of a strawman , namely that a uk withdrawl would necessitate the severance of all ties ( political , economic , cultural presumably ) with the reu . 
  sure , one of the most stable democracies and economically succesful countries on the planet has been governed by stupid people for a century , a period in time in which it was one of the world 's pre-eminent super powers . 
  or , alternatively , people with different life experiences , priorities , and history - thus resulting in differeny preferences - are n't stupid but just different . 
  it really is quite a puerile and naieve interpretation that those with different politics than you must be stupid . 
   lgbt people do n't look a certain way . 
  as a member of the community , from personal experience , yes we do . 
  in fact , it 's possible to identifying someone 's sexuality - with better than chance accuracy - within 50ms according to [ this source . 
  ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0022103107001783 ) on that basis , it would n't be out of order to be able to make a judgement about the sexuality of those in the pictures . 
  my judgement : not a single ` mo in sight . 
  what 's also telling is the way they seem reticent to have their pictures taken with the rainbow flags . 
  though i guess it swings both ways here ( tehehe ) , neither side would want to be identified ( mistakenly or not ) in a country with such poor lgbt rights . 
  i think referencing past misdeeds as justification for not now supporting self-determination is entirely stupid . 
  edit : also , the usa example is terrible . 
  the levels of support were around 3:3:3 loyalists , revolutionary , neutral at the beginning of the war . 
  a minority trying to secede without the support of the majority , granted that they later gained , is not typically classed as valid by virtue of self-determination . 
  the expression ` quick to let you know ' does n't mean they 're telling you something new , on the contrary , it usually means they 're covering old ground , doing it regularly , and as one of the first things they do . 
  can you explain why the cost of the programme wo n't be that simple equation ? 
  it seems to me that the equation you 've written would give the cost of the programme , regardless of the fact that the progressive tax system results in the net cost , on a per person basis , will range from - $ income * 12 chf/year to whatever the highest tax take is . 
  the programme can tend closer towards cost neutrality , or maybe even achieve it , by of setting the costs against newly redundant welfare programmes , but that does n't change the cost of the programme in any reasonable interpretation of the costs . 
  the swiss government would still have to come up with $ requiredfunsingperyear to distribute . 
  is n't the point of an unconditional basic income that ** everyone ** gets paid regardless of circumstances . 
  ensuring that everyone has a minimum yearly income is a little different . 
  we 're almost in 2014 and that source is from 2011 , the first column pre-dates polish accession to the eu . 
  it may be wiki , and the citations may be legit , but it 's out of date . 
  [ this more recent report ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/population-by-country-of-birth-and-nationality/2012/sty-population-by-country-of-birth.html ) pegs polish as the most common non-british nationality . 
  to avoid any confusion with the link , the most common non-uk location of birth was india but the most common non-british nationality - which was what you were challenging - is polish . 
  given the enormous number of ruk students that attend university in scotland , it 's simply not feasible for the scottish government to pay for everyone . 
  the only way for it to be affordable is for the scottish government to charge everyone that it can get away with charging . 
  the compromise is distasteful but it 's either that or charging scotland-resident students for university . 
  free university trumps the appearance of being fair in the mind of virtually every scot . 
  not only that , but can you imagine the influx of students if the universities in scotland were free ? 
  pay gbp27k or free ? 
  and it 's not as if they 're lower quality either , other than oxbridge , the scottish ancients hold their own . 
  the fee refugees would strain the system to the detriment of scottish students which would not be politically tenable . 
  so yes , it was with intent but it was n't out of malice . 
  there are very good reasons for it . 
  not really , his post is as selective and one-sided as any other despite his attempts to appear as the ` middle ground ' . 
  i can selectively quote from articles too , from your first source here 's the outline of why an increase was expected :  under new cap arrangements starting in 2015 , scottish farmers are likely to receive support levels per hectare in 2015 that are well below those in the rest of the uk and much of europe . 
  however , europe has mapped out a convergence timetable that asks member states to bring all payments closer to an eu average figure of $ 196 per ha by 2019 . 
  in scotland , that figure is currently closer to $ 100 per ha . 
  and the beginning of the quote regarding ` the slight uplift ' actually goes like this :  nfu scotland president nigel miller said : `` it is a bitter blow that we have not secured an immediate uplift in our budget allocation . 
  while we have been unable to secure a key element from this deal , there is enough within it and the commitments made that could deliver real , long-term benefits to scottish farming if scottish government and westminster can agree . 
  from your second link :  the settlement , which was signed off at the highest level of government against the backdrop of next year 's referendum on scottish independence , represents a major victory for the farming unions representing england , wales and northern ireland , which campaigned hard against the move to bolster scottish farm incomes from their farmers ' pockets . 
  so , to outline what can be taken away from the three sources on ths page , the eu is reducing the cap as a whole but has made special funds available to particular member states to help them reduce the differences in per hectare funding . 
  the uk was able to take advantage of that provision on the grounds that scotland currently has a per hectare subsidy just slightly over 50 % of the eu average . 
  rather than readjust the cap spending ratios in the uk to bring scottish farming payouts towards the uk and eu average , the uk government elected to keep the ratios the same . 
  that was in defiance of the eu policy they got the payout from and in defiance of the cross-party consensus ( not snp policy ) in the scottish parliament . 
  in regards to your comment about the snp policy being the worst part , there are two issues that i must take with it . 
  firstly , the snp represents a different group of people than the uk government . 
  when the two group 's interests do n't align the snp must take the stance which is beneficial for their group . 
  secondly , the snp wants to see equitable subsidies . 
  it may want to see an increase overall but that 's besides the point and not what they 're arguing for here . 
  with regards to the uk position on reducing the cap , that 's also a separate issue and it is most certainly not as simple as ` taxpayers money for 2 % of workforce bad ' as you seem to suggest . 
  and finally , please try and not descend to pettiness in your replies . 
  ` shit stirring ' ` hissy fit ' , it 's lobbying pure and simple , not a baby spitting the dummy out . 
  to boil the question that this post has kind of being circling around down , if scottish farmers are paid a significantly lower subsidy than ruk farmers , and funding was specifically made available to decrease that gap , why should n't the scottish government - acting on a cross-party position - complain when the funds are instead redirected to other parts of the uk . 
  it 's not shit stirring but highlighting the point that scottish farmers are not being well served at the moment . 
  the exchange rate between nok : usd has varied by something like 15 % over those 5 years so it 's possible that a lot of the ` growth ' in those figures is accounted for by that . 
  comparing the economies in 2000 us dollars , their economy is up by 3 % . 
  in 2007 their economy was worth usd ( 2000 ) 319b and in 2012 is was worth usd ( 2000 ) 329b . 
  that figure seems to tallly with the quarterly gdp growth/contraction rates posted [ here . ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/gdp-growth ) . 
  ( multiplying them all together gives a cumulative growth of 3.4 % . 
  ( this seems to be the basis that the comparisons are being conducted on having just checked a few other countries stats . 
  on this must norway would probably be purple with just over 3.4 % marked down . ), 
  household debt as a percentage of household income in the netherlands is higher than that in italy . 
  hardly frugal in comparison . 
  also , let 's look at the statistics : i 've looked at the data-set for gdp per capita at the nuts3 region . 
  any region which has the code itc * or ith * is in the north west or north east of italy , respectively . 
  the first itc that appears is itc31 ( imperia ) and itc14 ( verbano-cusio-ossola ) with a gpd per capita of 85 % eu average . 
  the first dutch region to appear is nl111 ( ooost-groningen ) which is 68 % of the eu average . 
  there are 10 nl * regions below 100 % of the average ( though the majority that are below 100 % cluster to the mid 90 % s , cf. 
  itc * / ith * which cluster to mid-80s . ), 
  there are 6 itc * regions and 2 ith * regions below 100 % of the eu average . 
  it 's kind of difficult to establish a pattern for the most productive itc * / ith * regions compared to the most productive nl * regions as they 're very intermixed . 
  there are 7 ith * regions over 120 % of the average and 2 itc * regions over 120 % of the average , there are 12 nl * regions over 120 % of the average . 
  the top two italian regions are itc4c ( milano ) at 179 % of the average and ith10 ( bolsano-bozen ) at 146 % . 
  the top two dutch regions are nl113 ( overig groningen ) and nl326 ( groot-amsterdam ) at 233 % and 207 % . 
  in 2010 the north west region of italy had a gdp per capita of eur31500 , the north east 's was eur30500 . 
  vallee d'asote was eur33700 and the region of bolzano/bozen was eur37000 . 
  the netherlands was eur35000 . 
  i think , broadly , you could say that the netherlands and the north of italy are about as equally industrious . 
  maybe the netherlands is more productive on average in absolute terms , but the north of italy is n't really that far off in purchasing power terms which is in agreement with seemone 's point . 
  northern italy 's people are going to be better off than a large number of people in the netherlands because things are cheaper and tehy 're equally/close to being equally as productive . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  i 'm not engaging in a dick measuring contest , i 'm just poining out that the perception that the uk is n't particularly densely populated is n't exactly well informed , or rather not a nuanced enough approach . 
  where it counts politically , i.e. 
  in the region where 85 % of the population lives , it 's comparable , or higher , in population density than the lowlands . 
  the reason it 's important to note this is , as i pointed out in my last comment , the immigration is to the already densely populated region . 
  the one with the political clout . 
  yes , the policy is dictated on the westminster level , but westminster does what england says . 
  not - and emphatically not depending on who you listen to - on what the other countries say . 
  i do n't think there would be the same reticence to immigration if they were moving to the highlands and islands of scotland . 
  but they 're not so it 's a hot topic .
