  the reality is , germany has an unfair trading advantage as a result of the eur . 
  a dm germany would be less competitive and its trade balance would be much smaller . 
  those imbalances are damaging to the ez and the global economy more generally . 
  there are several ways that germany can acknowledge its unfair advantage and deal with the damage it causes that do n't involve sacrifices to everyday germans . 
  borrowing to invest in better infrastructure , policies focussed on raising wages , and policies focussed on spurring domestic demand like promoting more house construction and reforms in the service sector will all tend to reduce the trade surplus * and * raise living standards for germans . 
  you have to be aware , one of the main reasons for fixed exchange-rate like systems fracturing in the past was surplus nations not taking steps to help in adjustment phases and making the deficit nations shoulder all the burden . 
  we 're worryingly close to that situation in the ez and decades of high unemployment and declining living standards in the south may well lead to an exit . 
  what was the point then ? 
  do you think germany should or should not take action to comply with the rules and , if not , why not ? 
  i 'd you wanted to justify an exception of ni , then maybe you could . 
  that is n't what seems to be happening though . 
  gchq has apparently decided that protections that mps have shall not apply to meps , msps , ams , mlas and basically everyone that is not an mp . 
  that is a change of policy . 
  the question then is , to what extent is that intelligence made available to the sitting government and , if it is n't zero , what impact and advantage does that lend then , electorally speaking and also how will this damage the trust and confidentiality between representatives and constituents ? 
  to be honest , this is a policy change that is clearly a massive detriment to the democratic process . 
  and then you get asshat conservative msps giving quotes like : [ the snp are a party that have introduced state guardians for every child under 18 . 
  i would have thought they 'd have welcomed this . 
  the nationalists might consider this as their very own state guardian ' ] . 
  and that makes it ok then , does it ? 
  rbs does still issue a # 1 note , but they 're still pretty rare to see up here in scotland . 
  night clubs in my town are open until at least 0300/0330 . 
  some towns/cities have them open until 0500 or more . 
  add some period of time to get home , maybe grab some junk food , and then fall asleep , you 're talking 0400 at the earliest for being asleep . 
  five hours , ... yeah it 's not that exceptional to find being woken up at 0900 on a sunday to be unpleasant . 
  also , what about the people who were actually out drinking in those clubs and not just those working there ? 
  they 're going to have the after effects of alcohol to deal with too . 
  and more seriously , there are lots of people who work late shift , night shift , have kids , have studies etc. 
  there are lots of people on different schedules to the extent that loud music is going to be obnoxious and get on peoples nerves at that time on a sunday . 
  even pushing it back a little in to the day would make the situation better , in terms of disturbing fewer people . 
  they probably will just get fines for the most part . 
  i imagine only those who routinely break the law , and have done so on a largeish scale , will be given prison sentences and * even * then they 'll need to have been particularly bad to be given five years in prison . 
  and incidentally , another reason that we punish people is that they act as a deterrent . 
  the prospect of a five year prison sentence may well induce people to thing twice about ignoring the rules on checking eligibility . 
   eligible for eu funds you have to remember that the eligibility will have been from before the accession of the a8 . 
  the criteria was always something along the lines of below a percentage of the eu average , and then there was a transition phase where it was/is based off of the average of the eu-2004 member states . 
  in that context , it 's not * that * weird considering the imbalances in the uk economy . 
  it 's not about stopping the military action if they think it 's stupid ; it 's about initiating military action when they think it is n't but germany , say , thinks it is . 
  british and french foreign policy sometimes means they need to be more aggressive than the likes of ireland if germany would want ( there are merits and demerits to the different policies but it 's neither here nor there , they are as they are in the context of the pros and cons of an eu military ) . 
  as to your question about who decides , in the uk , that 's the queen on the advice of the pm , sometimes after the office has had a consultation with parliament . 
  i 'm fairly sure the generals do as they 're told and have similar lines of command elsewhere in the eu . 
  being opposed to the eu , or further integration , is massively different than wanting to cut all ties with a continent . 
  / r/europe may well be more pro-eu than average but that does n't mean he 's not entitled to express his opinion . 
  * you * may not like that but not everyone wants to live in an echo chamber of one-sided opinions . 
  it 's not exactly the same situation . 
  nato means your country only has to go if another member is attacked . 
  an eu military might mean you ca n't stop it if a majority votes in favour of military action . 
  for the uk , and the french , it 'd probably be an issue to lose the ability to act unilaterally . 
  an eu military massively reduces the ability to act independently , much more so than nato . 
  how is it disrespectful ? 
  you are aware it 's not actually possible to tell if someone is straight or gay just by looking ? 
  if they 're hitting on you - by which i mean asking to buy you a drink or whatever , not groping you or something along those lines - then all it means is they find you attractive . 
  if you feel disrespected because they perhaps though you might be gay , that says more about your attitude towards gays being a bad thing rather than anything about their actions . 
  as to your comment about the ` general population ' and ` their bars and clubs ' , that sounds very ` segregation ' - y. 
  lgbt people were born as they were . 
  it 's a bit much to be beating them up and separating them from the general population because of something they have no control over . 
  `` i 'm flattered but i 'm straight/have a girlfriend '' . 
  there . 
  that 's an easy way to rebuff a gay man 's advances that will a ) stop them pretty much immediately and b ) mean you do n't need to smack them . 
  why would you ever think assaulting them was a reasonable course of action ? 
  shit does take time but in what way can you meaningfully call the smith commission proposals home rule ( a name gordon brown trawled up when he waded in to announce the vow ) ? 
  so yeah , people were complaining about . 
  seems they were right to be sceptical . 
  i 'd say calling 65 million people fucking trash is a little trashier than what 's depicted in the article . 
  and let 's not go pretending that norway , and most of northern europe , does n't have people that act like this when the opportunity presents itself . 
  how about you wind your neck in . 
  they do n't * need * eu funding . 
  that does n't mean they do n't deserve access to it . 
  one of the things that the eu works on is promoting cross-border links . 
  one of the reasons for that would be that for individual member states , the business case might not stack up . 
  for the eu as a whole , though , the business case might . 
  for example , in this instance , boosting swedish connectivity with germany ( and vice versa ) is something that is beneficial to the eu as a whole but not necessarily directly to denmark . 
  why should denmark pay then , if the business case is n't good for them ? 
  the eu does n't have that issue , and so can step in . 
  in any case , most eu infrastructure funding goes to the eastern member states . 
  some of it staying in the north/west is only fair , and will serve to keep people in those wealthier countries from feeling ripped off by the eu . 
  basically , there are multiple reasons why eu funding should be open to all member states , including the rich ones . 
  for one , i do . 
  for another , calling a country a subsection of the country is a bit different than not knowing which countries constitute which grouping . 
  how many nords/scandinvains know which countries comprise the visegrad group , for example ? 
  or can name all the balkan countries ? 
  not really . 
  it 's below average for the eu and spanish expenditure on pensions , at least in 2012 , was roughly equivalent to what the uk and sweden were spending ( as a percentage of gdp ) . 
  the only countries that spend substantially less on their pensions , within the eu , are mostly the eastern member states + luxembourg , ireland , cyprus and malta . 
  if i had to guess why they 're outliers , luxebourg 's gdp is inflated by lots of cross-border workers and they 're all memberstates with particularly low median population ages . 
  [ not the easiest to read source , but here you go ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tkgswh4.jpg ), 
  the eu does part fund transnational rail projects . 
  whether that particular project would qualify , or what the qualifying criteria are , i do not know . 
   ... that can be swindled at a snip . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  it does n't change the fact that we have those human rights protections , a parliamentary democracy , and a multi-tiered decentralised governmental system at the moment . 
   so you , personally , do n't give a damn if they were to be overriden or abolished that 's far from what i was saying . 
  i would deeply care if that were to happen . 
  what i was saying is that in many case , it does n't matter that it can be changed as the reality is that just because it * can * happen , it does n't follow that it will . 
  to give a ludicrous example of your line of reasoning , murder is , * de jure * , illegal in this country . 
  that * can * be changed . 
  do you think that the illegality of it is only illusory ? 
  i would n't advise that you test that out ; you will go to prison . 
  the decentralisation we have , the parliamentary democracy we enjoy , etc. 
  are there * de jure * . 
  they 're not * de facto * provisions .
