  no offence , but i would n't say that scuppered is an especially weird or baroque word choice here , or in general . 
  it 's a pretty common word to come across . 
  i 'd even go so far as to say it 's relatively tabloid-esque . 
  i mean , if you put scuppered in to google news and sort by date you 'll get stories popping up virtually every day , sometimes many times in one day . 
  that 's not exactly the hallmark of an obscure word . 
  still , when the eu functions based on pooled sovereignty and collective decision making , it makes sense to have people on your side when you 're pushing for reform . 
  cameron needs to realise that the more abrasive he is towards the rest of europe , for the benefit of domestic consumption , the less easy it is for other eu leaders to sell british-led reforms to their electorates at home . 
  saying , `` we 're not their friends , we 're just in it for the money '' is going to make everyone else take a very sceptical eye as to whether the reforms * are * in their interests and whether they should compromise ( because there will need to be compromise ) on it to keep an increasingly belligerent britain in the union . 
  if cameron goes too far , he might very well end up falling off the edge . 
   which will extent the channel tunnel euro star service all the way up to birmingham and sheffield . 
  not really what hs2 will do . 
  the hs2-hs1 link up has been dropped , with a travelator between euston and st pancras the current proposal for linking them . 
  hs2 's primary purpose is to relieve congestion on the wcml as it approaches london , and then to provide faster journey times to the north . 
  new tracks will run as far as manchester and leeds , via branches that will split after birmingham . 
  additional , and as yet unannounced phases , might see dedicated tracks to the scottish central belt . 
  but yeah , that 's besides the point . 
  compulsory purchase orders are indeed being used to allow the construction of hs2 and are very common in most other major infrastructure projects throughout the uk . 
  sure , but these are seasonally-adjusted figures so , if the methodology is correct , that should n't matter . 
  apologies . 
  i disagree that they 're not comparable though . 
  the difference in time is so slight that it 's a safe enough bet that they 've not massively changed . 
  their inclusion conveys more information than their exclusion , given they 're marked as being measured over different time frames . 
  they 're mostly all the same month , except estonia and the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why that 's the case , but almost all of these posts have the uk and estonia a month or so behind . 
  that isnt correct in my experience . 
  source : masters degree in chemistry . 
  if you 're worried about being ambiguous , you can give the volumes in decimetres cubed ( equivalent in volume to a litre ) . 
  you 've not actually added anything here except to say you think pronunciation is the most important factor . 
  that 's been your position since the start so it 's unclear as to why you 've bothered . 
  but at the end of the day , spelling is also viewed as an important part of a name , and using different spelling variations can and does offend people ( especially in the uk with some names/groups of names , the different spellings are tied up with class and region , for example . ), 
  additionally , are we sure all of these mohammed 's have names that are pronounced identically ? 
  why not ? 
  the independent thinks that the spelling differences make the three mo 's sufficiently different to count separately . 
  you think that is an insufficient difference . 
  i happen to think ( or for the sake of argument anyway ) that directly sharing a root name ( basically all called after the same dude in the bible ) is good enough to end up being grouped . 
  no definition is necessarily more meritorious than the other , but cherry picking one to get mohammed as the most common name is a bit misleading . 
  and for what it 's worth , even if you drop james , jake and jacob ( one being just a diminuitive of the other ) are still cumulatively more common than the three spellings of mohammed . 
  jacob , jake . 
  they all share a common root ( iacomus ) . 
  for a scottish connection , it 's the reason those who supported king james vii were known as jacobites . 
  the variants of james come out on top , when added together . 
  summing the three variations of mohammed , you get 7,240 . 
  summing the variants of james , you get over 15,000 . 
  hardly feasible . 
  if an area is suitable , it 's likely already been put in place . 
  for example , there 's very limited scope for expanding these facilities left in scotland ; they 'd all be relatively minor additions to the hydroelectric system . 
  in many regards you 're preaching to the choir here . 
  i must ask though , are you enjoying your off-topic vent ? 
  i mean , you 're now on to immigration to britain and britain 's imperial hangover on an article about romania 's successes . 
  who even does that ? 
  what 're you getting out if it ? 
  why do n't * you * spare us , the people who came in here to discuss romania 's economic successes . 
  they do n't say that . 
  they may take a bloc view of the ez , and maybe reu , but that 's different . 
  those blocs do have anaemic growth in the aggregate . 
  hardly . 
  large and already rich countries have different growth expectations than those set for smaller and poorer countries . 
  it 's a catch-up effect . 
  compare how much more is going to be generated in absolute/capita terms , and you 'll see a different story . 
  compare like-for-like ( e.g. 
  g8 ) and you 'll see a different story to what you portray too . 
  not that i buy in to the rhetoric of the uk being the be all and end all , but i actually do n't understand why you 've brought it up anyway ... 
  well , that was n't what happened but should we really expect anything more than willful ignorance at this stage ? 
  it is related . 
  it 's not the same , but it is related . 
  if the country is selling more money as a whole than it 's buying , the money must be accumulating somewhere . 
  that 'll either be in private hands , or public hands . 
  either the savings of the greeks are building up , or the government is raising more in taxation than it 's spending ( or some combination of both , that balances out to the current account balance ) . 
  i do n't think that 'll work . 
  you 'll have a polish number , and be charged different rates for calling internationally . 
  people will resent texting one another if the ` international ' numbers are n't included in the package . 
  would likely be fine with data and the rise of whatsapp etc. 
  on the other hand , i can imagine them saying you must have a permanent address/bank account in the ` home ' member state of the contract . 
  the major players will likely do that , and then the smaller players will still have high access feels to cover , and therefore likely be unwilling to give the contracts out to non-reaidents as they 'll not be profitable . 
  there are more barriers in place to that type of behaviour , i reckon . 
  do n't bother . 
  it 's willful ignorance at this stage . 
  more mouths to feed , people to educate , transport , entertain etc. 
  equals more demand , equals more jobs , equals higher wages . 
  the thing people forget with immigration , and the supply and demand of labour , is that you ca n't really move one without the other also moving . 
  it 's not as simple as many maintain . 
  mostly because living standards have been static for the past eleven years . 
  people have been working hard , but not been getting ahead . 
  that will create a sense of bitterness , and they 'll look for people to blame . 
  there 's little academic evidence to think immigration is the cause , except at the very bottom of the income distribution , but it 's an obvious scape goat ` supply and demand , ` innit ' . 
  more workers , lower wages . ', 
  right , but people are n't the only things that get controlled at borders , and the cta only covers people . 
  goods need to clear customs , and there will be a customs barrier on ireland . 
  not everything is about immigration you know . 
  the barnett formula is one which , all else being equal , would see the spending levels in the regions converge on the english average ( it 's a mathematical property of the formula ) . 
  there are two reasons that 's not much happened : up until the 90s , the the scotland office ( and similar ) were quite successful in lobbying for bypasses of the framework ( stopped since devolution , when strict block grants were enforced ) and slower population growth . 
  a fiscal framework that only by accident allows higher spending levels to be maintained , let alone put in place , is hardly comparable to an explicit tax for fiscal transfer purposes . 
  mine was the uk is being left behind but the eu and all its member states continue on upwards , albeit from crisis to crisis . 
  there 's no indication that the uk is catching a ride to somewhere superior ; that aspect is unknown . 
  no , you have n't . 
  your example was looking at current prices , contrasting thay with the growth in french living standards , and saying that was why it was useless as a metric for * that * , and therefore that 's why nations looked at it based on a particular year . 
  now we may well disagree on the use case i put forward - essentially the one we 're tacitly discussing here - but that was n't what you wrote when trying to dismiss it earlier , and unless my tired eyes deceive me , it 's not something you 've touched on previously . 
  i 'm afraid you completely missed my point . 
  you said nominal current prices is bad for * everything * . 
  it 's not and it 's definitely a meme on reddit to repeat it every time some study or info graphic is released that uses them .
