  that 's the way i 've had the overly strict no jaywalking attitude explained . 
  a german friend of mine said she picked up the just cross whenever mentality when she moved here and then got chased by an old lady when she was back home for a dressing down about setting a bad example to the kids . 
  my view point is : a child is either old enough to be out without adult supervision , and thus cam follow the green cross code , or is not old enough to understand the code and should be accompanied at all times . 
  ` think of the children ' is a bs excuse . 
  they did . 
  for example , the scotland in the uk paper . 
  there was a lot of legal sophistry to justify it ( and likewise on the other side ) , just like there was with ` the vow ' . 
  sorry , what relevency does that have to the matter at hand ? 
  the question was , ` did the uk government spending money on the campaign ' . 
  people are pretending like they didnt when demonstrably , they did . 
  i did n't say the snp did n't utilise government funds for things , e.g. 
  the independence white paper , they did . 
  whether they did or not is irrelevant . 
  in short , shove your snark up your arse and learn to read what is written and not what you want to read . 
  the uk government absolutely did spend money on promoting a no vote . 
  nearly a million pounds was spent posting out a document with the first line ` being part of the uk gives scotland the best of both worlds ' . 
  ( scotland in the uk , https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-in-the-uk ), 
  i 'm afraid i disagree . 
  when you , anyone , consent to sex you accept that there are risk involved , one of those being that you end up with a child . 
  you can not realistically separate out the two . 
  a woman should be allowed to terminate a pregnancy - i 'm not disagreeing with that - but it 's ridiculous to suggest she did n't consent to falling pregnant . 
  it 's also not a matter of withdrawing consent for that foetus to be inside you either ; there are rules about when an abortion can take place : before a certain time frame has elapsed being a near universal one ; and health reasons being another . 
  there are also rules about when it can not take place , such as for the purposes of selecting the sex of the child . 
  if it were a matter if giving and withdrawing consent , those types of rules would n't abound . 
  and to look at it from the man 's perspective , in your paradigm he did n't consent to impregnating the woman . 
  he , however , has no say on whether the child will be carried to term or , thereafter , whether he has to support the child . 
  the legal system will force him to provide for that child , though he did n't consent to having it . 
  on the other hand , the more rational perspective is that when he had sex he was aware of the risks - sex ed is a thing - and unfortunately it did n't work out the way he might have hoped ; he now must step up to the plate . 
  i 'm confused . 
  was that aimed specifically at me or just generally ? 
  you really should learn how to use the pm function . 
  makes everything so much clearer . 
  maybe you should use private messages then ? 
  it was n't the brits putting that spin on the article . 
  it is a consequence though . 
  the deepening of the single market now , as opposed to what has already happened and is now somewhat taken for granted , will make the benefits of the eu clearer to the british electorate . 
  hopefully real progress can be made in deepening the market for services and also in pursuing ftas with major trade partners ( aus , nz , india , canada , usa ) as that 'll really take the wind out of the sales of the ` we 'll make our own trade deals faster ' push the brexitters have on . 
  on the other hand , the elimination of geo-blocking will benefit uk residents the least . 
  the uk is one of the least multi-lingual countries in europe . 
  the average member of the electorate 's desire to watch eu-based streaming services is low to non existent . 
  most wo n't think of it as a fair trade that we can now watch svt in exchange for swedes getting access to bbc , for example . 
  you could say , go learn another language but how appealing of a deal is ` you can watch all of this content , you just need to learn a bunch of other languages ' when the uk will be pumping out content in the continent 's lingua franca ? 
  ( realistically , demand for uk-based services will experience the biggest jump ) . 
  you might not think that 's a fair perception but it 'll be common nonetheless . 
  and from that , ` you can watch your netflix when you 're holidaying in spain for a fortnight ' is n't really much of a sweetener . 
  yup , it 's a load of guff . 
  would n't quite go so far as to say it brainwashed anyone though . 
  most are well aware that it 's about as far from a documentary as can be . 
  so why did you ask then , if it was so self explanatory ? 
  what 's so awesome about the soundtrack ? 
  i do n't speak polish , so i do n't understand the lyrics , but overall the song sounds fairly generic . 
  listening to it kind of bugged me a little bit since it put me in mind of so many other songs and i could n't quite put my finger on it . 
  translating the lyrics in google translate , they also seem fairly generic : lost love , harking bark to better times . 
  am i missing something ? 
  it 's mentioned in the article , as an example of an image-boosting movie . 
  `` poland 's conservative government want hollywood to produce a polish equivalent of braveheart or saving private ryan to improve the country 's image abroad . '', 
  the comment is bouncing off that , as a joke about a lot of polish people ending up working in housekeeping/janitorial positions abroad . 
  yeah , and those other leaders all were elected to lead their countries . 
  they get a say over the formation of common rules too . 
  the uk does n't get to dictate to them . 
  the uk previously agreed to these rules . 
  it has to build a consensus amongst other countries if it wants to change the status quo . 
  you forgot new year 's eve . 
  i know it 's less of a big deal south if the border than north but it 's surely still bigger than a bank holiday for a royal wedding . 
  nye will definitely be the biggest party of the year and i know a lot of people who 'd rather work christmas if it would mean having nyd off . 
  halloween is also celebrated . 
  the more traditional aspects of scottish ` guising/galloshuns ' are being ushered out by the american take on halloween , but there are still traditional aspects around . 
  burns night is way down the list . 
  a lot of people will observe it with haggis , neeps , and tatties for dinner but it usually goes no further . 
  some people will attend a full in burns night celebration , with the whole address to the haggis and such , but it 's not majorly common . 
  so your argument is that ulster scots is a language but the day-to-day of what they call ulster scots is just ` phonetically-spelled ni english ' ? 
  perhaps , but i think you should also acknowledge that it 's possible for two distinct languages to look closer on paper than they are in actuality . 
  swedish and norwegian are spelling-differences apart on paper , but might more different when spoken . 
  looking at written samples is n't necessarily a good gauge , and that 's before we even consider the ill-defined boundary between ` language ' and ` dialect ' . 
  en : the other day , i went to the shop . 
  my take on it is this . 
  1 ) scots was a widely-used language . 
  2 ) the current residents of scotland and ni speak dialects of english , both heavily influenced by the formerly widely-spoken scots language and dialects thereof . 
  3 ) it is n't a case of ` the taigs have one , so we need one ' . 
  ulster scots , much like irish , need the assistance of the government to prevent it dying out completely and for general preservation purposes . 
  it 's a part of the areas cultural heritage and it should be looked after . 
  4 ) whether the current policies are effective , or truly representative of ulster scots , is up for debate . 
  it may well be that they 're laughable . 
  that does n't really change whether an endangered language needs protection . 
  if you disagree , i 'd be interested to know which part exactly . 
  i think you 're being unfair . 
  ulster-scots would have probably been a dialect of scots . 
  scots was clearly a language , albeit it 's mostly died out now . 
  most people in scotland now speak scottish english , with regional variations , and it 's probably the case that ni english is influence by ulster scots in the same way . 
  it seems unfair to sneer at ulster scots , basically because your perception of it is warped by it being closer to its death bed than irish is . 
  there are some terrible fa\u00e7ades , that 's true . 
  from some vantage points , however , it really is , if not quite beautiful , pleasantly interesting . 
  because it 's convenient for them to ignore that additional protocol . 
  if greece were giving out greek passports , this action would make sack all difference either . 
  they 'd have to be removed from the eu for the freedom of moment greek citizens enjoy to be removed . 
  taking them out of schengen would just mean that people leaving greece would n't need to present a passport if the journey was to another schengen state ( so by plane or boat , in that case ) . 
  whose side are they on , exactly ? 
  personal back and front doors , personal gardens . 
  you do n't need to go up and down stairs to get to your flat in the same way . 
  there are a variety of reasons .
