  that a law can be changed does n't change the fact that it is , you know , ** law ** i.e. 
  in place * de jure * . 
   correlation does n't imply causation . 
  an entirely irrelevant statement in this context . 
  we have laws that provide for a decentralised form of governance . 
  we are reaping the benefits of that . 
  the regional government that is in place in scotland does exist and does do work . 
  it 's not an illusion . 
  it is there and it is as a result of the multiple scotland acts that have created/empowered it since the late 90s . 
  to give an example of the way that our legal system works , technically canada was given its independence by a law that just stressed that parliament really ought to not go back and change it . 
  technically speaking , that independence could be withdrawn by repealing that act . 
  the canadians would tell them to f ** k off , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  just like it 's neither here nor there that the british/scottish people would n't stand for certain changes to the legal system that the uk parliament theoretically could implement . 
  i think you have a deep misunderstanding of a ) the english language , b ) the way legal systems work , and c ) your own understanding of both . 
  to paraphrase you , that 's kind of a bummer . 
  the entire uk constitution rests on the principle of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  the parliament can do what it wants , when it wants , and no preceding parliament can bind it it . 
  we 're quite clearly a parliamentary democracy , even though parliament can change that . 
  we quite clearly have human rights protections , even though they can be taken away at the click of westminster 's fingers . 
  just because something is n't constitutionally entrenched , it does n't follow that it does n't exist . 
  the uk operates in a decentralised manner . 
  that 's reality . 
  there is no illusion there . 
  can that be changed ? 
  yes , though politically its be hard going . 
  does it matter ? 
  no , not really . 
  if the uk operates like this for 100 years , say , at what point does it stop becoming an illusion to you ? 
  the benefits ( or disbenefits ) of that decentralisation would still be accruing so ... ? 
  that 's all very well and good but your opinion and feelings about words does n't change their definitions . 
  the uk is a unitary ( partly ) decentralised state , as is france . 
  this compares with federal states like germany . 
  by the definition of unitary state , and your feelings about what that means for decentralisation , essentially you think it 's impossible for decentralised unitary states to exist . 
  that 's patently false . 
  the uk is a unitary country but it has power devolved ( decentralised ) to some semi-autonomous nations ( ` states ' ) within it . 
  the uk central parliament can , at will , override any decision by any of the lower tiers of government . 
  that makes it unitary . 
  the decentralisation comes from the lower tiers existing and functioning . 
  romania is a unitary state that is also , apparently , highly centralised . 
  the contrast is with , for example , a federal country , where the lower tiers are sovereign and can only be overruled on particular matters . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  the issue is , centralised was scored out and replaced by unitary . 
  the latter does n't imply the former , and that 's what was important . 
  you know better than the imf because ? 
  arguably it 's even more illustrative to look at the evolution of greek gdp from before joining the ez to see how it was affected . 
  pre-accession , the gdp growth rate does n't look that different to post-accession . 
  this idea that the growth was all an illusion is a strange one , and so going back a decade in terms of total production , is an odd one to me . 
  where are you drawing that distinction from ? 
  / r/iamverysmart and as a matter of fact , the crux of your argument thus far has been ` dprk is not democratic , therefore nations that have called themselves communist are n't communist ' . 
  it does n't follow and is actually irrelevant to the point people have been making , which is that communism is inherently flawed and that it was n't just that those were bad/false implementations of it . 
  rather than mimicking my post structure to appear sassy - you actually come across like a 15 year old - you could try and attempt a rational discussion . 
  the reality is , you misunderstand his argument . 
  you 've misunderstood me reexplaining it to you . 
  and you 're sticking to exactly the same non-sequitur about the dprk . 
  i do n't think there 's much point in continuing here . 
  you did n't read his post , did you ? 
  it was nothing to do with what country 's proclaim themselves to be but what communism eventually and inexorably - in his view - morphs in to . 
  he thinks communism is incompatible with the nature of man . 
  that 's got nothing to do with his views on the nature of democracy in north korea . 
  it is n't . 
  read the article . 
  on a like-for-like basis , the pensions are higher in germany . 
  excluding supplements , the pension in greece is 713eur , rising to 882eur with supplements . 
  the equivalent values in germany are 760eur rising to somewhere in the region of 1300 when supplements are included . 
  which is higher than the greek pensions , excluding the supplementary pensions . 
  my understanding of the winter gdp calculations was that the seasonal adjustments were poor and so it always looked worse than reality but the gdp was being counted in elsewhere and the whole-year gdp figures were accurate . 
  that article does nothing to actually support the distinction you 're talking about . 
  everyone is ( vaguely , at a minimum ) aware of the distinction between real and nominal values . 
  maybe they 're not aware of what ` the classical dichotomy ' means , but then , neither it seems are you . 
  the financial services industry comprises roughly 9 % of the uk 's gva . 
  less than the netherlands but slightly more than the us , denmark , and belgium . 
  what i think he means when he says he does n't understand is this , ` why are you acting as though the financial services sector is not real ? 
  the wealth that it brings to the uk is clear and tangible in both the built environment , the jobs it provides , the huge services trade surplus it contributes to , and the tax receipts the government has received . 
  this sounds like a silly populistic notion to me , splitting one industry out because of a distaste for it . ', 
  or maybe that 's just what i 'm thinking when i read your question . 
  * shrugs *, 
  you realise the financial services sector netted the uk over # 59bn in 2013 ? 
  i do n't understand the notion that financial services do n't create wealth or earnings for the economy . 
  you do n't have to actually be creating a solid object to earn money . 
  why ? 
  maybe he thinks he negotiated as much as he possibly could but the end scenario is one that he thinks is still intolerable . 
  there are a number of things that i think you 're not considering . 
  1 ) there are adjustments and then there are * adjustments * . 
  yes , greece was bound to have a shitty time during the crisis but this is way above and beyond what was necessary . 
  yes , it was fuelled by the fiscal profligacy but some of the fuel on this particular fire is the malformed structure of the ez . 
  2 ) you say it 's a guilt trip . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's reality . 
  there 's a lot about what is and is not politically possiblel : what governments can get past their respective parliaments . 
  more people around the rest of europe realising what it * is * like on the ground - rather than saying `` oh we had austerity too , it 's not soo bad ' - that changes what can and can not be passed through the legislatures . 
  awareness is important as i think so many people around europe are singing from different hymn sheets at the moment . 
   and second lowest overall unemployment in europe # that is n't true , at least not based on eurostat data . 
  austria had an enemployment rate of 6 % in may 2015 . 
  germany ( 4.7 % ) , uk ( 5.4 % ) , malta ( 5.6 % ) , luxembourg ( 5.7 % ) , and the czech republic ( 5.9 % ) were all memberstates of the eu with a lower rate of unemployment . 
  nb : uk figures are from march 2015 , though our trajectory is firmly downwards . 
  my understanding of the way ppp is calculated is that it should not . 
  you realise a lot of help is being rendered to detroit and the people of the city , right ? 
  relatively , way more than what greece is getting . 
  it 's also not gon na be marched out of the dollar zone because of its fiscal situation either . 
  ` chapter nine ' bankruptcy protection for municipalities in the us essentially facilitates what greece is asking for .
