  yes , technically . 
  and that 's but one other reason why a lot of scots find it difficult to trust westminster . 
  the additional test , if any one was wondering , was that 40 % of the electorate had to vote yes as well as 50 % +1 voting yes . 
  the result was that while well over 50 % votes yes !, 
  due to the turnout , devolution still did n't happen . 
  the effect was that since the register was not fully up to date , the dead counted as no , anyone without a strong opinion counted as no , and , generally , the additional test is viewed as being incredibly undemocratic ( i believe the un has used it as an sample of how not to hold a referendum . ), 
  to make matters worse , the test was only tacked on at the ( figurative ) last moment . 
  the campaign was fought on one basis and then the basis was changed to a ` get out the vote ' one . 
  underhanded , to say the least . 
  if you believe the conservatives . 
  very few people in scotland believe them on that front . 
  at the '79 referendum on devolution they said scotland would get something better if they voted no ; there was no more movement on devolution until the labour party were back in office . 
  cameron has offered full control over income tax - which is , by the way , miles from what most would consider as devomax - but immediately there were people in the conservative party coming out in opposition to the , what many consider as modest , proposals . 
  when labour laid out their proposals for further devolution , even more modest than the conservative proposal , it also split the party . 
  devonano , people refer to it . 
  not so much devomax . 
  of course , it 's all a bit misleading . 
  we do n't know how it will affect the barnett formula , how it will affect other taxation , and so on . 
  scotland already controls some income tax but ca n't actually raise any money by tweaking rates . 
  raising the rates at the moment just results in the barmett formula being reduced ; why would the parliament take an unpopular tax move for no increase in revenue ? 
  they would n't , of course . 
  until i see the fleshed out plans and what effects it has on revenue , and also a convincing front put forward by the parties , i 'm not convinced a no vote is a vote for more devolution but more for the status quo . 
  the status quo is not appropriate . 
  where your analogy falls down is the assumption that the uk is unique in its view . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's merely the most assertive by virtue of its size . 
  to follow up on your analogy , broken as it is , the problem here is that everyone pre-agreed to play ` basketball ' but then the referee decided it was going to play football . 
  the uk , and the other member states by treaty , decided that they would pick the president and merely have to seek the approval of the european parliament , having taken their views into consideration . 
  the uk , and the other governments , had that right snatched off of them . 
  the ep has tried to completely disregard the rights of the member states ; someone 's trouble making and it 's not the uk , in this case . 
  note , i 'm not criticizing the idea that the president gets picked by parliament , it 's probably the way it should work . 
  what i 'm criticising is the wild extrapolation of the treaty to try and grab that right . 
  the ep is overstepping its treaty rights in the way it conducted itself and presented the election , it 's not the uk that 's oversteping or ` black mailing ' as one other respondent said . 
  the ep is stepping into uk sovereignty that was not ceded to it ; that 's an incredibly valid reason to threaten to leave the organisation ( even though it was n't a threat but an observation of what could happen , another arch-federalist and power being ceded would be catastrophic to uk-eu relations at the moment ) . 
  countries with a different vision of how the eu should function are trouble making ? 
  i think what they 're saying is , since the 1707 acts of union , the uk has never been occupied . 
  it 's a slight exaggeration but not by much . 
  the air force is listed as having 177 aircraft . 
  56 of those are trainer aircraft . 
  37 are transport and refuelling craft . 
  26 are helicopters . 
  if you discount those , that leaves 58 attack aircraft . 
  type-45s are listed as being capable of carrying 48 anti-aircraft missiles . 
  that 's a substantial amount of the type of craft the type-45 would be likely to have to take on . 
  i think he means one of the many other nuclear attack submarines that are still service , the ones which astute will be replacing . 
  no no . 
  i mean why are you asking what other countries are doing but since you 're asking we 're investing billions in road , rail , and other critical pieces of infrastructure . 
  not why should we be investing in infrastructure . 
  i think he 's saying they pick the sewers because waste heat from district heating systems keeps them warm . 
  district heating was common in the communist era but is less so now , with them now only common in large cities . 
  it just looks like the colour palate that the economist uses for all their graphs and info graphics . 
  those results are from the section . 
  investing billions to improve transport . 
  why ? 
  granted he misunderstood the process by which croatia 's accession was ratified but that does n't mean that there has to be a referendum for scotland . 
  in any case , and i think i 've said this a million times on here , it does n't make sense to talk about possibilities without also considering the probabilities . 
  your entire ( well , not all of it but most ) spiel above is predicated on the assumption that it 's possible france might have to have a referendum . 
  the thing is , i see no reason to believe that . 
  why would the french people demand a referendum ? 
  there would be little political pressure for one to be granted when , in essence , it represented no difference to the french people . 
  there would have to be a loud enough number of people in france who wanted to see scotland ejected from the eu ( de jure , of course , that 's not what would be happening but it 's de facto what the vote would be on ) . 
  where would that drive come from ? 
  the answer is ` nowhere ' . 
  so then , in the absence of political demand for the referendum ( where a no vote would , oddly , represent a change from the status quo ) it falls to the french parliament . 
  now , croatia 's accession treaties were ratified through a different procedure ( possibly , i 've not confirmed it ) but it actually met all the criteria that would otherwise be necessary . 
  in fact , the vote in the na was unanimous . 
  unless you can substantiate why croatia would receive a unanimous vote but scotland would struggle to secure a supermajority in the parliament , considering that scotland is already a wealthy , net contributing , constituent part of the eu now , and an affirmative vote would be to retain that , then it seems highly unlikely that a ) a referendum would be required and b ) that it would fail in the french parliament . 
  given that , on examining the probabilities , the possibilities your diatribe are built upon seem remote . 
  as to the possibilities of england dumping wales and northern ireland , as if !, 
  you also seem to be overestimating the extent to which england is a cash cow for the other three nations . 
  scotland supports itself , admittedly with a high deficit but not one above average . 
  the truth is , england 's financial condition is terrible . 
  it rides high on london 's coat tails but , beyond the south east , the areas struggle to keep themselves . 
  there are myriad reasons for that , that i wont ' go in to , except to say , the need for england to balance its books would still exists and losing the other three constituent countries would not have a colossal impact on that . 
  i imagine it 's how they view freedom of speech . 
  none of the other things come at the expense of anyone else . 
  hate speech legislation involves a balancing act against people freedom of speech ; that 's maybe an uncomfortable balance . 
  that said , any country which has legislation against racial hate speech should have legislation against lgbt hate speech . 
  because the uk is only being successful by becoming america ? 
  well , when kilts cost what they do pink tutus are a cheap alternative . 
  drinking kilts are not generally anywhere near the same quality or price as one you 'd wear to a black tie event . 
  i can deal with the allegations of scotland having poor cuisine ( 1 ) ; i can deal with the stabbing jokes ( 2 ) , and i can deal with the alcohol jabs ( 3 ) , but the allegations that we 're all stingy and cheap irritates me . 
  it 's not only untrue but also miles from the truth . 
  people from scotland donate far more to charity than people from any of the other countries in the uk [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2293154/scots-english-shame-donate-head-charity-third-richer-londoners.html ) . 
  considering how [ ` generous ' ] ( http://www.crossborderdirectory.org/which-countries-give-the-most-to-charity.html ) the uk is on average , then the myth just does n't hold any water . 
  1 yes , we eat , on average , unhealthily . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't get good food . 
  it 's not a particulary big effort , or particularly expensive , to get really good quality produce , particularly seafood but also beef , dairy and so on . 
  2 scotland did have some really bad knife crime statistics and our murder rate is still above average . 
  astonishing progress is , however , being made . 
  knife crime in glasgow is down by over two thirds over the past seven years . 
  ( interestingly , you 're now more likely to be mugged in edinburgh/lothians than you are in glasgow/strathclyde , so glasgow is really shedding a lot of its old problems these days ) . 
  3 scotland has a staggeringly high rate of alcohol abuse , or at least it 's people have higher rates of indicators for alcohol abuse . 
  we also drink a large volume . 
  the volume of alcohol from both pubs and from off licences has began to decrease though . 
  we 're taking a lot of action to tackle the issue . 
  there 's still truth to it but we are , as a nation , trying . 
  similarly , that we wear kilts all the time . 
  nope . 
  ( i have a sneaking suspicion , though , that kilts are more common than lederhosen are in bavaria . ),
