  pitch forms away , we 're just being too harsh on russia and leaping to conclusions . 
  what does how they 're decided have to do with my very specific question ? 
  let me repeat it . 
  which regulations do you imagine we 'll be dispensing with , should we exit the eu ? 
  if there are millions of them , then you 'll surely be able to rhyme of around five or so . 
  ` millions of regulations ' the uk is already one of the least regulated countries in the world , according to the oecd . 
  the netherlands is even less so . 
  we 're less regulated than canada and the us , both out with the eu . 
  which bits of regulation are you planning to chuck on the bonfire ? 
  saying you 'll scrap regulation is like saying you 'll give away free money . 
  it 's a nice sound bite but , without knowing where it 's coming from , it 's not possible to know if it 's a good idea or not . 
  the overseas territories are sovereign . 
  the uk can not , except through force and coercion , make them change their tax policies . 
  you might as well say ` how many countries with a land border with the uk are tax havens ? 
  ' , for all the equivalent level of say the uk government has over ireland 's tax policy . 
  i did n't read it as ` let 's prevent them from going 's so much as ` if that 's how they feel , let 's not bother trying to persuade them to stay ' . 
  i know your position is probably thst we have no sovereignty , but we certainly can just up sticks and go without needing to seek permission ; the issue is the consequences of that . 
  in other words , let 's not go getting our knickers in a twist over nothing . 
  actually , phase one of hs2 - the part london to birmingham - will cost roughly the same , coming in at # 19bn . 
  the oft-quoted figure of # 42bn is the whole project , to leeds and manchester . 
  across the wider network , some journeys will save well over an hour . 
  ( such as london to manchester ) . 
  phase 1 's business case is built on releasing capacity on the severely overcrowded wcml . 
  phase 2 , and potentially later phases such all the way to scotland , would have a business case predicated on large time savings and inducing modal shift from air to rail . 
  the whole hs2 project is badly communicated to the people , and not helped by a hostile press . 
   is trade with the commonwealth and anglosphere which is stupid . 
  the eu is already negotiating trade agreements with the commonwealth and anglosphere . 
  why would we leave , to have to start from scratch and hope that they 're interested in us , when we 're already part of an organisation putting in place agreements with the people that we see as the future of our trade ? 
  ceta is just about to be put in place , between the eu and canada . 
  eu-australia partnership already exists . 
  eu-india is being negotiated . 
  ttip is in the pipes , for the states . 
  it 's nonsensical to think that the fastest way to cement trade with those partners is to scrap the progress we 've already made , and start over on our own . 
  trade agreements take forever , why start over and from a weaker negotiating position ? 
  unless it was n't in the defence budget ... and it was moved elsewhere . . and then it could be spent on those things . 
  i do n't support cutting the overall budget for defence , but the money could easily be spent elsewhere . 
  it 's the way the electoral system works . 
  their share of the constituency vote went up 1 % , and list down 2 % , which translates to losing a few seats because of how d'hondt works . 
  the snp+g reen still represent a majority for pro-independence parties . 
  the conservatives barely increased their share of the vote from last year 's ge , which represented absolute rock bottom for them . 
  the libdems are no less staunchly pro-unionist , and they completely collapsed ( and labour are pretty strongly unionist too ) . 
  it 'd be easy to get the impression from the press that the snp lost the election . 
  in reality , the ams system functioned as planned , whereas the last time was the fluke . 
  it 's almost like you do n't know what a pigovian tax is . 
  drug-fuelled orgies , with multiple participants ( usually ) . 
  because of the subgroup of people you 'd be engaging with , and the inhibited self control and length of time the encounters can last , there 's an extremely high risk of encountering and becoming infected with an std . 
  he was the spitzenkandidat for the epp . 
  if you cast a vote for a party that belongs to that euro group , you were casting a vote for him to be president . 
  that was reasonably well covered in the press at the time , because the uk ( amongst others ) government was unamused about the ep going for a power grab and taking the choice for the nominee away from national governments . 
  who said i took offence . 
  i passed comment on his obsession . 
  we can all read subtext when we see it . 
  awareness that some one is pushing a particular narrative and highlighting that does n't imply any level of offense . 
  if you move your lens back from just focussing on this thread , you 'll see there 's a recurring theme ... 
  i invite people to judge you by your own submissions to summarise , three main veins - uk big , strong - eu bad - snp bad , scotland economy poor it 's almost like you 're trying to construct a narrative . 
  ps i wrote two comments to you , neither mentioning the snp . 
  just your ardent british nationalism . 
  this is the type of behaviour that lead to me calling you obsessed yesterday ... much like with that post , again no other r/europe member feels the need to behave like this with their posts . 
  there are pictures of italy with other areas , the iberian peninsula , greece etc. 
  and everyone is happy that it focussed on one and not the rest . 
  why do you feel the need to diminish scottish identity as a unique and separate thing ? 
  your british nationalism . 
  everyone else is able to enjoy the european pictures and culture being shared without chest bating , but you need to bring your identity in to it . 
  you 're rather obsessed , are n't you ? 
  it 's behind a paywall . 
  ca n't explain what i cant see . 
  i 'm also going to point out , i 'm not making a broader point than ` the scottish unemployment rate has n't doubled ' which is what the headline says . 
  it 's demonstrably false . 
  i 'm not providing you with an excuse for anything . 
  taking this metric out of context , instead of looking at standardised figures across the continent which shows scotland has one of the best employment markets in the eu , is just stupid . 
  saying it has doubled is manifestly incorrect . 
  the figure spice provided can not be compared with the 5.1 % that is official quoted by the ons . 
  thay is the figure that can be compared with the ruk and reu . 
  it 's stupid to include the long term sick , for example , those with ms who are incapable of working , in the total figure and call it unemploment . 
  that 's what 's happening here . 
  the figures mean different things . 
  and just as evidence to that point , the economy is in part suffering from a lack of suitable employees . 
  http://www.scotsman.com/business/management/demand-increases-for-scots-jobs-but-supply-dwindling-1-4414170 that kind of article does n't tie in with the idea that there 's a doubling of unemployment figures ... 
  this does n't actually represent a change . 
  it 's a different unemployment metric ... 
  the official figure is compiled by the ons , not the snp ? 
  generally speaking , do n't take jackie baillie at face value ... 
  it does ? 
  sure . 
  but the long system is no less precise so that has nothing to do with this here . 
  based on the etymology of the names , and the power system tying in to that , it is objectively more logical . 
  i think it 's unfair to just say it comes down to familiarity . 
  i 'm more familiar with the short system , yet find the long system has more reason to it . 
  you can surely appreciate that , much like other systems like metric v imperial , there is an aspect of familiarity that influences preference , but one can still have a stronger logical underpinning ,, 
  it does n't when you understand the underlying system . 
  ( 10 ^ 6 ) ^ 2 equals billion , ( 10 ^ 6 ) ^ 3 equals trillion , with the intermediary 10 ^ 9 and 10 ^ 15 being milliard and trilliard . 
  this can continue indefinitely , and requires the memorisation of fewer names to escalate super high . 
  the power outside ties to the prefix . 
  if many within the eu managed not to ignore trading relations with those countries , but we did ignore relations with them , does it not follow that the eu is n't actually the roadblock you present in your hyperbole-laden rhetoric ? 
  i 'll also note , all you 've managed to achieve in your reply is repeat yourself . 
  you 've not substantively added anything ... 
  sure , but really not much to do with the eu . 
  other countries in europe manage to have vast amounts of trade with bric/commonwealth countries . 
  that british trade policy failed to support the kind of successes reu countries have had is on the uk governments back . 
  and let 's not talk about the various free trade deals in the works between reu and the commonwealth/bric nations .
