  it is the height of stupidity to imagine that will not have an impact on investment and trade . 
  even once it 's defined , the actual transition itself will be disruptive and people will be hanging fire to see how it goes ; economic confidence will be hit . 
  it 's not fear mongering to point out that there will be indirect transitioning costs . 
  i get that you do n't like the snp , but what makes you so convinced they 're incompetent ? 
  the general perception is that a ) they 're generally good and b ) they 're far superior to the alternatives at holyrood . 
  no doubt you 'll find a problem here or there with them , but they 've been in government for two terms . 
  they 're on course to increase their vote share at holyrood - as a sitting government - for the third time - and realistically , only may '16 could be said to have a dash of ` blind nationalism ' helping them along . 
  as regards mhairi black , just because she 's young it does n't follow that she 's shit . 
  do you have anything to add other than ` but she 's so young ' or can we just disregard that point now ? 
  there 's no right or wrong answer . 
  it varies entirely by the style guide the publication uses , which can often be unique to the publication . 
  the important part is really consistency . 
  it 's either just their styleguidd , or it 's partly misapplied . 
  a lot of styles have ` every word capitalised , except it it 's ` a ' , or ` the ' , but those should be capitalised if they 're at the start of the headline ' . 
  could be just a mistake here though . 
  yup , same day delivery is relativekt wideaprwad . 
  certain cities ( london , manchester , birmingham , newcastle i believe , probably soon edinburgh and more ) also have one-hour delivery available . 
  that 's literally every country though . 
  the unemployed are those who are without work but are seeking work . 
  it is not the complement of the employed . 
  the employment rate is the percentage of the working-age population that had a job . 
  there is such a thing is the economically inactive : university students , stay-at-home parents , and so on . 
  for example , in october the uk has an unemployment rate of 5.4 % but an employment rate of 73.6 % . 
  this is not a scam , or misleading , it 's in fact based on internationally-agreed definitions . 
  both stats are important , they just tell different stories and it 's important to keep the in mind . 
  i do n't think british passport carry finger prints ? 
  my passport must still have about seven years left before renewal and i do n't recall providing them when i applied to renew my last one . 
  gdp is fair because it 's the fairest assessment of what it the resources it can contribute . 
  it should n't be able to decide ' i want a low-tax economy so i 'm going to free load of my neighbours on defence ' . 
  that 's hardly fair . 
  it 'd be like going to the pub and chipping in less than your work-mates , all on an equal wage , but defending it by saying your chosen entertainment budget was lower than theirs . 
  it 's just not fair . 
  importing more labour does n't just increase the supply of labour it also increases the demand for it . 
  it 's not possible to just say supply-demand therefore cost of labour must go down . 
  there 's limited evidence that there is real wage compression going on , other than possibly at the very bottom . 
  most evidence points to higher wages over all . 
  wage stagnation in the uk is not coming from immigration ; it 's a feature in a lot of countries even without high immigration . 
  yes . 
  even excluding oil and gas , scotland 's gdp per capita is roughly equivalent to the uk-wide average . 
  it 's a major component , yes , and was vitally important for the tax receipts , but it 's not the be all and end all of the scottish economy . 
   i mean , those three blocs banded together in order to vote jean-claude junker as the eu commission president that 's misleading and i think you know that . 
  jean-claude junker was the epp 's spitzenkandidat . 
  it was a bit of a power grab by the european parliament - and thus it required cooperation across party lines - but there is clear water between the parties on policy and they would have voted for ( or refused to approve anyone who was n't ) the spitzenkandidat for the largest party by vote share . 
  there are very strong parallels with how the head of government is chosen in other parliamentary democracies . 
  the other parties never had a chance of winning , or they opposed the system ( ecr ) , but it 's not because they have no policy differences that they all voted for junker . 
  it actually occurred to me that that was a bit wring after i posted . 
  basically every home in the village my ex was from either had a little flag hanging from the side of the house or they had a flag pole in the garden with those long triangular things . 
  it 's more the adoration of the flag i meant i.e. 
  flag codes and national debates about whether burning a flag ought to be a crime and so on . 
  conscious expressions of nationalism are rejected . 
  try suggesting that the swedish way of doing something is n't the best , however , and you 'll catch a lot of flak . 
  swedes are nationalistic , just not in the anthems and flags kind of way we associate with countries like the us . 
  the term may be the same , but there is a world of difference between the legal status of aruba to the netherlands proper and scotland to england . 
  wheras the uk is clearly a devolved unitary state ( contrast this with the british crown ) , the kingdom of the netherlands seems much closer to a quasi-federal system , albeit the smaller parts de facto have a relationship more like , say , the falkland islands to the uk than england to scotland . 
  now the bes islands - and i hold my hands up for only dip testing the dutch carribean countries rather than going through them all individually , hence my mistake - is an odd one . 
  legally speaking you 're right ; they are special municipalities of the netherlands ( i.e. 
  the largest constituent country of the kingdom of the netherlands ) . 
  they are , however , still oct and not omr of the eu ( at least as of the last updated mid-2015 ) . 
  they are in something of a middle ground between the likes of aruba and guyana , albeit their trajectory is for full integration within the eu , unless any decorations are applied by virtue of their oct/possible eventual omr status . 
  in short , they 're not part of the eu and eurostat does the eu/efta/candidate countries hence why they are not present here . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  the french territories that our considered ` outermost regions of the eu ' , for example , all send deputies and senators to represent them , they use the euro , and so on . 
  the dutch overseas countries and territories , on the other hand , do n't seem to do so and are not part of the eu . 
  none of the uk 's overseas territories are quite as populous as the dutch carribean countries but they 're roughly equally integrated . 
  at the very least , the islands included separately are all part of the eu proper . 
  the dutch , british , and even some french ` possessions ' are not . 
  ( wat ) it 's a marketing gimmick , basically ( albeit a successful one ) . 
  lesser known or run down areas compete for the title , with the promise of spending money on arts infrastructure and events . 
  it usually does have an effect in catalysing tourism growth and regeneration . 
  japan has a worse productivity level than the uk . 
  productivity is the value produced per hour worked . 
  their goods may well be high quality , but the market value of them is not commensurate to the effort they put in to producing them . 
  banned or they must charge for them ? 
  it varies by country . 
  i would n't have said so in the uk , and the rates of non-vaccination are higher than home schooling in any case . 
   at least their motivation [ is to protect the from ] side effects for the most part , i 'd say that 's true . 
  i doubt many children are unvaccinated because their parents say ` fuck it , ceebz going to the doctors ' i.e. 
  laziness or the like . 
  in fact , rates of vaccination are typically lowest amongst the pointy-elbowed middle classes , who as a group are renowned for being the absolute pushiest parents in terms of getting what they think is best for their children . 
  that said , the cost-benefit analysis is ordinarily so insanely skewed in favour of immunising the child that to decide against it , they need to be taking on board non-scientific information ( e.g. 
  autism , omgz hg is in some of the components etc ) or relying on religious feelings for it to make any sort of sense to decide against doing it . 
   i agree we should protect people who are immunocompromised and that 's most effectively done by ensuring rates of vaccination in the population are kept high , through actions like implementing this law . 
   and only unvaccinated people will get sick yes , but some of those unvaccinated people have not received vaccinations as a result of valid medical reasons ( as opposed to the irrationality of the parents ) . 
  it protects those children , who may have additional health complications that make them vulnerable . 
  when vaccination levels reach a certain level , dependent on the disease and its behaviours , diseases do n't spread easily amongst the population , this protecting those that can not be vaccinated ; this is called herd immunity . 
  some parents take the view that herd immunity will protect their child if they do n't vaccinate them , and they can forgo the risks associated with the vaccines . 
  on top of that , this is about persuading the parents to vaccinate their children . 
  in many cases , they are not aware of just how serious the conditions can be and assume that even if their child got it that it would n't be that severe . 
  that really is n't true . 
  if you change the incentives to vaccinate , you skew them calculations in favour of the decision you want them to take , kind of like raising taxes on smoking . 
  scotland does n't have an isolated energy market , so that 's not really an issue here . 
  the excess in the peaks can be sold off , with shortfalls bought in during the troughs . 
  the ability to do this is only going to increase as more interconnectors , for example to scandinavia , are built . 
   fortunately many of you speak english brilliantly . 
  that probably has something to do with why the uk 's language education is so poor . 
  it does n't * really * have an effect on your employment prospects if you do n't speak an other language and we do n't all consume vast quantities of foreign-language media ; there is little additional economic or entertainment incentive to do it . 
  if europe was poorer at speaking english , i imagine more emphasis would be placed on language education . 
  ( and yes , i agree , that is laziness . 
  that does n't necessarily alter whether it 's the truth or not ) . 
  ` what if a child sees you and you set a bad example ? '' .
