  to reiterate , my question was rhetorical ; of course the answer was that none can paint a complete picture . 
  the response to that is n't , or should n't be , to try and discredit the metric at hand by demonstrating why it is flawed in one particular use case ; it should be to question where it might be useful . 
  nominal gdp in current prices is useful as a metric to measure the economic heft or relevance of a country ( broadly speaking ) . 
  of course it 's not ideal for looking at the relative well being of the local population but , say , when you 're looking at a country based on economic importance ( ` how keen will other be to pursue trade deals ( and where will they slot in to the priority list in particular ' ) ) , that 's where you 'll find a use case ( s ) . 
   bad for everything i always see this when people talk about nominal prices . 
  it 's not bad for everything ; it just does n't paint the complete picture . 
  realistically , with something as complicated as the economy , how could a single metric cover everything ? 
  it is almost definitely possible to find markedly cheaper financing than what the likes of bright house will offer , but the kind of people that rely on those institutions can not just nip in to their local bank and borrow money . 
  heck , they probably struggle to even get a bank account . 
  i do n't imagine they 'll be offered especially favourable rates anywhere else . 
   borrowed insane amounts of money the uk 's debt to gdp ratio was essentially static until the global recession struck , and mostly lower than it was in comparison to what the preceding conservative government handed over . 
  the large deficit during the recession was deliberate policy , informed by mainstream economic thinking , and for the most part was stimulating the economy back in to growth . 
  osborne slammed the breaks on there with austerity , and we started to bump around with zero-growth/narrowly avoiding triple dip recessions , until be was persuaded to loosen the purse strings , increase spending on infrastructure ( still far lower than what it was under the labour administration ) , and pump government money in to the house sector . 
  it was only then that growth recovered . 
  you say insane amounts if money , they arguably were pretty restrained during the boom times of the early noughties , then listened to the experts when the shit hit the fan . 
  their policy could n't be explained to a population that abhors experts and goes on tv to explain economic policy in terms of beer money though , so ... we voted in economic lunacy . 
  who decides is largely an issue of recognition . 
  it 'd be hard to argue anything but the ruk being the successor state to be honest . 
  you ca n't pick and choose who is the successor for different purposes . 
  scotland being the successor would raise interesting issues in terms of inheriting a unsc seat , nuclear weapons , debt , and so on . 
  they 'd also take the pound and the institutions with all that . 
  there 's no way ruk would n't seek to be seen as the continuing state . 
  the eu membership is a small aspect if the divorce . 
  not in the slightest . 
  ( maybe . . ) . 
  it 'd go down like a lead balloon in england though . 
  that 's true but it 's inarguable that the onshore economy has received a buffering by fiscal transfers from the ruk ( pooling and sharing , broad shoulders etc. ) . 
  there 's little connection between tax receipts and spending in scotland . 
  as an independent country , scotland would have had to raise taxes and pare back spending to bring the deficit down . 
  such austere steps would have had a contractionary effect , slowing down the onshore economy . 
  on the plus side , it would be a drop in tax receipts not because of recession so it 'd really not be as bad as all that . 
  scotland already taxes its economy less than the uk-wide average , as a percent of gdp , so there 's room to grow them . 
   rolls royce is now owned by bmw and/or volkswagen . 
  a different rolls royce . 
  the car marque is german owned . 
  the folks that make jet engines and so on are a publically traded company , hqd in london . 
  scotland democratically voted to remain a part of the uk , partly on the basis that it would secure continued membership of the eu . 
  scotland democratically handed mandates to parties ( over 50 % of the vote ) , a little over a month ago , that had manifesto commitments for another referendum should there be real and material changes in the constitution , with the explicit example of being removed from the eu against its expressed will . 
  yesterday the uk voted , as a whole to leave . 
  overwhelmingly , scotland voted to stay in the eu . 
  scotland , since 2014 , has expressed it 's desire * democratically * to reevaluate its options in the exact circumstances we find ourselves in . 
  the snp are going to seek to give them that . 
  end of the real story . 
  you want to dismiss it as scottish exceptionalism on the day scotland is dragged out of the eu , and is looking at having an unelected pm foisted upon it , by a party that won only 1 out of 59 seays ... i do n't know what to say to you . 
  maybe it 's just ` wanting to take their country back ' and about ` sovereignty ' . 
  not that i want to engage in conversation with someone who wants to play ` gotcha ' anyway . 
  have a good day . 
  hope this awful decision does n't lead to your redundancy . 
  if you think that 'll fly , let me tell you where we can find # 350mln to spend on the nhs ... more seriously , we had another vote just a month ago where over half the population voted to give the scottish government the mandate for another referendum should this happen . 
  if scotland wants to vote again , a government elected essentially solely by england saying ` we already let you ` self-determine ' once , tough ' will go down like a lead balloon . 
  you might think it 's a reasonable rebuttal , but it wo n't be . 
  there will also be a less sympathetic press this time around . 
  which would guarantee an absolute surge in support for independence . 
  if the only reason we 're lucky not to be independent is that our economy is too weak when oil is in the toilet ... that 's a pretty damning case for union ( especially when economic policy is controlled in westminster , and has been for centuries , so the fault for that lies there ) . 
   scotland 's only income scotland 's gdp per capita is essential the same as the uk average , before oil is even included . 
  the percentage of tax receipts , as compared to the economy , is lower than the uk average . 
  scotland would have to rejig its economy and tax rates to balance the books but it is not an economic basket case ( and when one considers who has been in control of scotland 's fiscal and monetary policy for the past 300 years , if it was ... ), 
  it does n't . 
  debt is too high , and so is the deficit . 
  with the plummeting of the pound , inflation will probably end up being too high too . 
  it 's a terrifying prospect , economically speaking , when over the course of decades you 've built up deep and strong ties with multiple third parties and you then chuck them all out and start again . 
  the uncertainty it would cause in our markets , the disadvantage it would place our companies at , and the level of mercantilism we see in the world and we 'd be up against , will cause a large recession and large job losses . 
  it will stymie fdi in the uk , because we 'll be less attractive and it could take decades to get back to even remotely where we were now , in terms of ease of trade around the world . 
  how can you just look at all that and think ` that just normal country stuff ' ? 
  gibraltar is a part of the eu ( they even get to vote in the europarl elections , in the sw england region ) , it 's just less integrated than the uk is . 
  the parts that it sits outside of - vat zone , common tarrif , and schengen - mean there are border checks , both for passports and goods being taken in . 
  without looking it up , i believe the intention is to enable a tourist economy to be jump-started so that subsidies for the territory can slowly ve phased out . 
  additionally , and probably more importantly , the island was previously only reachable by boat , which took five days and only went once every three weeks . 
  that boat is about life expired and is about to be scrapped , which would leave the community entirely cut off . 
  in terms of who approved it , former pm gordon brown , i think . 
  i 'm not sure corruption comes in to it in any major way . 
  ` campaign ' implies coordination . 
  i do n't think there was much coordination in terms of it really only amounting to bad names being said on social media , a behaviour she was hardly innocent of herself ( albeit she tended to use insults of her own creation ) . 
  in as much as that happened , i imagine we will see some foul-mouthed tweets being volleyed her way . 
  death eaters , she called them . 
   yorkshire , kent , cornwall , edinburgh or belfast i get that you 're trying to pick a broad selection of areas to make it seem like provincial uk against the metropolitan elite , but edinburgh and belfast are both going to have very strong remain votes . 
  scotland and northern ireland both poll very strongly to remain , and the cities more so than the average for their respective countries . 
   disproving pillow stat that defaults us back to the position where the people making the claim have to provide the evidence , since their first point was disproven or severely weakened . 
   canada there is a world of difference between ftas and the single market . 
  truly free trade concerns more than just eliminating tarrifs . 
  the uk has a superior trading position with the reu than canada does . 
   no say on the rebate you 're right , because it 's all pre-programmed in and gets recalculated based on the size of the net contribution . 
  the rebate due is subtracted before the money is actually sent over . 
  the real litmus test is ` would we just have # 350mln floating around after brexit , all else being equal ? ' . 
  the answer there is a strong no . 
  in scotland , it 's castles , golf , hills , arts , music , theatre , comedy , museums , distilleries , skiing , shopping , architecture , and probably a bunch of other broad categories i 'm missing . 
  there 's actually ... tonnes . 
  we just sort of overlook what there is to do all around us . 
  it massively depends . 
  there was a reluctance to discuss it in the last referendum because it suited a current member state . 
  if that member state has just spurned the reu , who knows if the reu will be willing to issue clarifications on a few points , there heretofore they were unwilling to discuss . 
  ( you 'll recall the unionist campaign loved raising points that they knew couldn ' be clarified , because they did n't allow them to be , especially regarding the eu ) . 
  for the reu , do you think it would really not be able to get away with saying `` it 's not interference to discuss what a potential outcome might look like . 
  it 's only to allow the scottish people to make the most informed decision '' and then who 'd be able to argue with that ? 
  mind pointing me to the legislation that bans holding a banner . 
  your brevity leads me to believe you 're quite confident . 
  should n't be an issue for you . 
   in all other countries i know the uk has been getting a bad rap for free speech recently but ... fairly sure an individual can hold up a banner without being arrested . 
  oh so it 's not state-sanctioned homophobia this time , just generally massively curtailed freedom of speech . 
  that makes it ok i guess .
