  in the context of differing circumstances , it 's exceedingly difficult to draw up fair comparisons and criteria for ` value for money ' or ` wise spending ' . 
  as of now , they have not found out who the leak was . 
  the only two parties who know have massive incentives not to speak out . 
  if the minister leaked , he 'd be ` put up against the wall and shot ' . 
  if the guardian released the information , they 'd lose all credibility with their sources . 
  this will only come out if , somehow , they manage to find out via a process of elimination . 
  many people have been suspected , but there 's been nothing conclusive . 
  ok , the netherlands is n't as bad as i first thought because i glanced over the north east of the country . 
  that said , even the metro areas are brighter than uk metro areas . 
  greater london is about four to five times as densely populated as holland ( n and s ) , with a few million extra people yet does n't appear anywhere near as bright . 
  even looking at the surrounding areas of london , and the extra population and lower density that would entail , it still would n't account for the difference . 
  that one supercluster in the netherlands should be less bright than london by a noticeable degree , the rest of the country should appear much like the non-major metro areas of england . 
  as it does n't , you have to assume that there 's some other factors at play . 
  that 's not true though . 
  the netherlands is more urbanized than the uk , and belgium even more urbanized than the netherlands . 
  ( england is less urbanized than scotland so the difference is even starker between england and nl/bl ) . 
  population distribution is a factor but i believe there are bad policy decisions being made in this regard . 
  you see something similar between the scandinavian countries and the uk as well . 
  stockholm and gothenburg , with metro populations of around 1.5-2 million people each , are many times brighter than the scottish central belt ( not pictured ) . 
  the scottish central belt has a population of around 3.5 million people and two major cities ( maybe three if you include dundee ) . 
  that must be because of policy decisions because there 's no excuse for it in terms of geography . 
  absolutely fascinating ... 
  i can believe it but i also think they need to act on their light pollution . 
  england , for comparison , has the same population density as the netherlands , and is about 12 % more densely populated than belgium , yet it does n't look like every square inch is light up . 
  the most likely translation would just be left the parliament . 
  if they did n't leave the building but did leave the ` hemicycle ' , i 'd be inclined to translate it as ` debating chamber ' . 
  joining the euro is not simple . 
  even without a formal opt-out , which they might try to argue for on a number of grounds , each member state essentially has a * de-facto * opt-out . 
  you ca n't just join the euro , it 's a long complicated pathway that requires tonnes of political will at every step . 
  sweden 's example of this is often said to be unique ; that 's true , but only in the sense that they 're the only one that can say they 're not joining because they do n't want to . 
  poland does almost exactly the same thing , as do smaller member states , but instead of saying its because they do n't want to they just say it 's because * reasons . 
  * scotland actually has more * reasons * they can cite to delay the process , namely that scotland does n't have its own free floating currency . 
  for scotland to join the euro will be a 15-20 year process , even with the political will to do it . 
  if there is no political will , it could be dragged out almost indefinitely . 
  short of deposing the scottish government , there 's very little that the eu can do to expedite the process given that it can very easily just keep itself outwith the criteria required for each step , of which there are many . 
  the most that the eu could get from scotland on the joining front is an unenforceable commitment to join the ez at some point . 
  that wo n't really affect the currency in place on independence . 
  i do n't think anyone in scotland is under any illusions about opt-outs being likely to go . 
  that said , the eu , as a bureaucracy , is not in the business of erecting barriers between its members . 
  the most important opt-outs that the uk has , that scotland would wish to maintain , would actually increase barriers to trade within the eu if scotland did n't maintain them . 
  if scotland is forced into schengen , more people will be subject to passport checks than under the cta due to the nature of the traffic flows in the uk and eu . 
  if scotland is forced into the ez , it moves the scottish economy out of any large currency . 
  you also have to remember that scotland is likely to join the eu , almost regardless of the terms enforced . 
  if one member state in particular sets out to be an arse about rolling over scotland 's interests , scotland will gain a veto over areas that they might not one a member vetoing over . 
  i 'm not saying that as a threat , please do n't perceive it that way , i 'm just pointing out that each member will be aware of that and wo n't be out to extract as much as possible because , in the future , they 'll want scotland on their side . 
  for example , many people say spain could use scotland to set an example to its own separatists . 
  yes , they could . 
  they wo n't they . 
  why ? 
  aside from it being poor practice , they know at some point scotland will have vetoes over things like the cfp . 
  scotland , with the legitimate cover that it has a large fishery area , can veto the cfp negotiations which would be quite damaging to many ` remote ' and poor regions in spain . 
  and this is all before you consider the cluster fuck of a region of the eu leaving . 
  tl ; dr it 's not as simple as scotland being forced to join the eu . 
  there are many many moving pieces , and there 's little that the eu can do to force a country to join the ez following eu accession ( i do n't know if accession is the correct word here given that , in theory , scotland should n't be outwith the eu at any point . ), 
  that 's the point . 
  since osborne , and representatives from the two other major parties , announced scotland could never use the pound , salmond has been calling it a bluff and analyses have come out that undermines ( well , at least calls it in to question ) the original supporting evidence for refusing a currency union . 
  against that background , a poll was carried out in scotland that showed the majority were convinced osborne was bluffing to gain advantage in the referendum . 
  a few days back , the guardian ran a story about a senior pro-union minister leaking that it was a bluff and that ` of course ' there would be a union , potentially as a quid pro quo for allowing nuclear weapons to remain based on scotland . 
  the safest assumption to draw from all this is better together are not at all unified on how to go about things . 
  the next is that everything will be on the table going into negotiations , even if a currency zone does n't end up happening . 
  the major implications is n't so much in persuading people that a currency zone will happen but in undermining confidence in what the bt campaign says . 
  even pro-union papers have run ` sunk ' front pages with pictures of ` hms better together ' since the leak . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how the polling goes whether this affects the rate of the swing to yes ( it 's currently to slow to win ) , and whether even more people will now view it as a bluff . 
  either way , the best part of last week was focussed on the failings of better together and not the potential failings of an iscotland , that would not have been planned for . 
  some of the commuter lines around glasgow use siemens trains ; they 're not that bad to be honest . 
  massive improvement over the previous trains on the line in any case . 
  i 'm fairly sure siemens won the project for the thameslink service in london too , which they would n't have won if they were terrible . 
  tl ; dr from personal experience , not all of their products are shite . 
  well , more accurately , a chippy is something procured from a chip shop . 
  this can include many things , such as deep fried fish , sausage , black pudding , and in scotland , haggis . 
  pies are also a possibility . 
  all usually served with a side of chips . 
  the headline here is a bit misleading . 
  the results that most closely match the chosen title are on pages 14 through 16 ( strictness of smoking in public legislation and compliance levels ) . 
  is n't the avoiddupois system only the mass part of the imperial system though ? 
  well , the eu is a tiny part of the governance of the continent . 
  the uk spends more on healthcare than the entire eu budget . 
  the mafia is well-funded , but not better funded than our governments . 
  or you could think about it logically ? 
  eur120 billion in the long scale is significantly more than the gdp of the world which is about usd70b ( long ) . 
  given that , the only reasonable alternative is that they used the short scale . 
  given that , once do n't know is excluded , the predictions from the polls are that 45 % might vote yes against 55 % no , i think it 's valid to call the support large . 
  given that current support levels , excluding do n't know , are higher than any part has achieved at the poll both for many moons , save for the snp , i think it 's fair to call it large . 
  what i do n't think is fair is to try and compare 37 % against the dk and n supporters , staked together . 
  that was implicitly what you were doing with your post and its misleading on many counts . 
  the main reason that it 's misleading , though , is that it carries the assumption that the dk will all land in the n camp . 
  given most poll companies seem to think yes will get slightly more of the dk than no on the day , it 's doubly misleading . 
   in any case , i fail to understand / u/luages 's comment about the bbc 's information about scotland - and it is this comment i was taking issue with . 
  he 's one of the overly sensitive few that make the majority of yes-supporters look bad . 
  looking to take offence in any way possible . 
  either that or it was a cheap joke . 
   it 's not me that asserted that the bbc do n't consider scotland as a `` country '' . 
  granted . 
  you 're assertion was that they were correct . 
  it 's implicit in your assertion that they are correct so , in effect , your assertion that they were correct was tantamount to asserting that they view scotland not to be a country . 
  i seem to be doing nothing . 
  that was my first post in that thread . 
  i 'm criticizing your interpretation of what they 're doing . 
  you said they were right to not view scotland as a country . 
  that 's wrong because scotland is a country .
