  ` normal ' is n't a value judgement but people use it that way ; it 's a statement of how common a thing is . 
  or they use it to imply immoral . 
  or they use it to imply unnatural pedophilia and necrophilia are neither the norm nor moral due to the lack of consent between the sexual partners . 
  it is , however , natural . 
  homosexuality is not the norm , it is natural , and it is moral since there is consent between the sexual partners . 
  please be specific about what you mean by not normal . 
  its difficult to refute every piece of reasoning since you inevitably forget some of the weirder more crazy ones . 
  i do like arguing but i only argue for a position when i think i 'm right . 
  eu countries are european countries . 
  it is an accurate , if imprecise , headline . 
  any other collection of countries in europe , but the eu , would be referred to as ` european countries ' and no one would bat an eye lid . 
  why does it ` obviously ' become wrong when that collection becomes coterminous with the eu ? 
  please enlighten me as to why the vast majority of native english-language speakers are using their language incorrectly . 
  the title and is still 100 % accurate going by english-language headline conventions , capitalisations not withstanding . 
  put your passive-aggrrsive asterixes away . 
  it may still be abnormal in the sense that it is n't the modal sexuality . 
  it is , however , not abnormal in that homosexuality is a common thing , widely found throughout the animal kingdom , and hypothecated to present an evolutionary advantage to the group you belong to . 
  by the first definition of abnormal , well people need to show that being abnormal is actually a bad thing . 
  is that what you mean ? 
  why is being not-the-most-common thing bad ? 
  i noted in the article that he compared france to the euro-area average a number of times . 
  it 's interesting because , well , half of the eurozone are in crisis and the other half are n't exactly putting on a stellar performance . 
  the expression ` damned by faint praise ' comes to mind . 
  you 're conflating freed trade and the free market . 
  they 're deeply intertwined but they 're not the same thing . 
  its interesting that you say that because thatcher was our longest-serving prime minister and there was a welfare state before , during , and after her tenure . 
  seems her type do compromise . 
   let me assure you that noone actually has talked about the lending or funds within the last couple months as it 's a highly unpopular headline after seeing the greek media reaction ( depiction of germany and merkel especially ) . 
  so we 're not loud about it but news outlets in those countries affected might circlejerk this topic . 
  well , to add my own anecdote , the original debunking prooferred the bail out as evidence of germany 's compassion . 
  at the very least , the german view of the bail out is at odds with how it would be viewed in southern europe . 
   you still have to remember that the euro and its mechanisms have been forced upon germany as a price for france 's agreement to reunion and eventually withdrawal of troops from german soil . 
  it is nothing we wanted but have adapted to . 
  the blame for the lack of help towards economically inferior countries has to be directed to paris , not berlin . 
  this both shirks any blame that might fall on germany , a point i highlighted earlier , and ignores the fact that germany is the main bulwark against the mechanisms that are necessary to make the eurozone stable . 
  also , calling a country ` economically inferior ' is exactly the type of rhetoric and language that leads to germany being called arrogant . 
   the trade surplus however was at same levels before we had the euro , by the way i did n't say that you got the surplus because of the euro ; i said it was at its current level because of the euro . 
  the dm would have been stronger and the surplus would have decreased due to that difference in the system . 
  in any case , now that the system is so fundamentally different , the transfers have become a necessity . 
  without them , the bailouts and painful austerity-led internal devaluations are a necessity . 
  german politicians and the german people can not claim to be behind the existence of the euro if they are not behind its necessary requisites . 
  anything else is self-delusion . 
   noone will invest in a country where bribery is still on rampant levels , the public sector still generous and the tax evasion rate barely tackled . 
  back to the lazy rhetoric of the merkel and co and ignoring the economists . 
  it is not a lack of investment which leads to these crises , or the bribery and public-office largesse . 
  they worsen the situation but they are not the cause . 
  the originator is a poorly constructed currency zone . 
  focussing only on the factors that make the situation worse is not going to cure the problem and its disingenuous to state otherwise . 
  i 'm not , and do n't think anyone else , is saying that germany could not have advanced their influence in europe by exploiting the situation . 
  what i 'm saying is , there is a perception amongst the south that they are n't doing enough to be so loud and proud of their role . 
   germany as a whole and its politicians in particular indeed believe that the euro is worth it in the long run and wants to keep it going yes , but it 's perceived , and demonstrable even , that germany derives disproportionate benefit from the euro in the form of weaker currencies etc. 
  the trade surplus would not be at the magnitude it is now without the euro or german lending to southern countries . 
  it 's unsustainable without fiscal transfers and such . 
  those should be without precondition , or , at least , with far less conditions . 
  monetary union of the euro-type requires fiscal transfers to remain stable . 
  even in germany alone , the currncy zone would require fiscal transfers . 
  that was known in advance of the euro and not committed to . 
  and , as i said , the precodinitions are perceived by most economists to be counter productive . 
  merkel 's defence ? 
  ` you did n't predict the crisis therefore i 'll do what i want ' . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  it read to me like someone with a medical condition ignoring the medical advice of a doctor and self-medicating because the doctor had initially misdiagnosed or overlooked a problem i.e. 
  it read like a headstrong numpty who was pursuing ideological politics/trying to be appear tough at home . 
  a lot of this just reads like ` here 's a compassionate/selfless/trustworthy thing we did , therefore we are the best at those things ' . 
  it 's not analytically rigorous in the slightest . 
  and , as ever , there are two sides to every story ; germans thing they did a great thing when they bailed out greece etc. 
  the opposite side is that a ) the institutions that would have needed rescuing were german banks , so the bailouts are , in part , self serving b ) the medicine being prescribed seems to be making it worse yet there is no appetite to try something esle c ) there 's a lot of racism and rhetoric about the ` lazy southerners ' d ) the ecb policy seems to quite uniquely follow germany interests and anti-inflation histeria e ) government policy maintains a large and unsustainable trade surplus which was one of the pre-reqs for the crisis f ) there is no recognition that germany was one of the first countries to breach the rules on deficit spending and such and used the leeway it was granted , plus favorable monetary policy which was nearly the opposite of what was required in the south of the ez and i 'm sure i 'm forgetting many more . 
  the point is , for some in the south , germany 's actions are the least it can do re : the bailout and arguably not enough . 
  it seems as though it will take action but not when it jeopardizes its own economy . 
  no , the above is enough to merit the arrogance tag on its own right . 
  forgetting your own flaws and blowing your own ego up about , relatively speaking , small lecturing contributions is definitely enough . 
  this article actually outlines some of the things that ` reclassification ' as oda is something that can be identified in the uk but that sweden is far worse ( refugee costs are counted as oda which is 15 % of the budget ) . 
  http://foreignaffairsreview.co.uk/2013/10/reclassifying-aid/ this article does n't have sourced but the swedish translation of the article is here and does have the citations ( english language ) at the foot of the article . 
  http://www.bistandsdebatten.se/exkldebattartiklar/urgropningen-av-bistandet-far-negativa-konsekvenser/ the minister hoo-haa referenced at the beginning of the article can be read about on sverigeradio.se in english here . 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=2054&amp;artikel=5654713 i recognise that the first two articles are from a politics student , which usually puts it one step above a personal blog for credibility , but the claims are cited and do refer to easily verifiable events and pieces of information so i think it 's fairly solid . 
  euro enthusiasts ? 
  no , not really . 
  favourable towards the eu , i 'd say so . 
  wishing for a referendum is neither europhobic or europhilic ; i would like to stay and would also like a referendum . 
  i think it 's time the matter was settled properly , at least for a generation . 
  if you split the dks along the lines of the rest of the population , you would get a 60 % vote to stay . 
  it should be noted , this is without any yes campaign and with the politicians blaming everything on europe . 
  with a more even coverage , sentiment would likely increase ( though that might just be my biases clouding my thinking ) . 
  basically , i think the headline over sells their data . 
  the uk is also the only large country in the world to meet its 0.7 % target for foreign development aid in the world . 
  ( and unlike the small scandinavian countries , we do n't count the aid ministers salaries as part of that total and such-like fudges to make us look better but have no impact ) . 
  in comparison to ukraine , and russia for that matter , , absolutely those countries are uncorrupt and governed well . 
  romania and bulgaria are also improving their position in corruption indices , year on year . 
  it 's a question of scale . 
  every country , even the least corrupt , will have corruption . 
  that does n't mean they 're all equally bad . 
  attempts to move towards the eu mean that anti-corruption practices step up and there are incentives for moving towards good governance . 
  good , stable , uncorrupt governance is a prerequisite for economic growth and is , realistically , one of the main things holding back ukraine . 
  i 'm not sure what it means exactly , it does seem rather low , but it 's not minimum wage pay either . 
  even in washington state , where they have the highest minimum wage , those figures are still 40 % higher than a 40 hour work week with no vacations ( i.e. 
  52 * 40 * 9.32 = usd19 .39 k ) . 
  all that said , median household income is being quoted as being around usd51k . 
  that seem broadly congruent with a median income of usd27k i.e. 
  not all households have two incomes , women earn less than men and the most common earning couple will be a man and a woman etc. 
  i 'd say it 's plausible there 's a statistical quirk i 'm missing but you do seem to have a poor awareness ( no offence ) of income levels in the us ( the thing about usd27k being minimum wage or usd35k being famine wages ) .
