  his claim was ` even if the imf do n't give them a hair cut , just the other creditors , the write down of 60 % on the rest will markedly improve greece 's ability to repay future debts . 
  the markets will take that in to account , and greece will then be able roll over the imf debt . 
  whether that aim has any merit depends on who hold 's what amount of debt , when it happens , and how the markets react . 
  it 's nor as simple as ` greece just ca n't . 
  using a surplus to pay off the debt is n't that effective when inflation and general economic growth cause the debt to gdp ratio to fall so fast anyway when you 're not running a deficit . 
  the kind of surpluses you need to run to be even come close to making a meaningful impact vis-a-vis growth are going to slow growth down significantly . 
  in other words , it 's counter-productive . 
  additionally , if you already have a low debt to gdp ratio then there 's little to no point in running the debt down . 
  the uk kept its ratio at around 35-45 % whilst running a deficit for almost the entire time . 
  that left plenty of scope to continue automatic fiscal stabilisers during the crisis and boost spending to stimulate the economy . 
  we 're now at the stage where debt-to-gdp should begin to fall again next year according to our office for budgetary responsibility . 
  the uk is a good example of where you can consistently run deficits in the good years , have scope to increase spending through higher deficits in the bad , and to then tighten the fiscal policy as good times start to come back to prepare again for the future . 
  tl ; dr you are absolutely wrong that you * have * to run surpluses in the good years to be able to counteract the bad years with deficit spending . 
  yes , you have to keep public borrowing somewhat in check but you do n't need to do so to the extent that you 're raising more money than you 're spending . 
  most economists would even content that running surpluses in the good years is a terrible policy ( and has knock on consequences in terms of household debt etc. 
   vigilance i think you meant vigilantism . 
  it 's really not that simple . 
  the uk has very rarely had a budgetary surplus since pretty much the 1700s . 
  there have been some sketchy periods but very rarely is it the debt pile that can be traced as being the root cause . 
  when your income can be pretty reliably expected to continue to go up , and inflation is above zero , there 's very little issue with consistently running a deficit , so long as it 's appropriately sized . 
  i do n't think keynesianism actually requires a surplus in the ` good ' times , so much as fiscal restraint . 
  the uk chancellor , george osbourne , has proposed a law that says the uk must run a surplus in ` normal ' times and essentially the who 's who of modern economists called him a looney toon . 
  you say it 's working because greece is better able to manage its debts . 
  that 's not even close to being true , except in much the same way as it 's technically easier for me to lift a 2 tonne car in comparison to a 10 tonne van . 
  both tasks are impossible . 
  but to move away from analogies , which are inevitably stretched to breaking point in reddit discussion , greece still ca n't really borrow from the markets , the likelihood of it defaulting on its imf repayment grows by the day , and it 's barely able to achieve any growth within the current fiscal framework so it ca n't even outgrow its debts . 
  it seems pretty clear that the confidence fairies are n't coming to the rescue , and the contractionary effects of the fiscal policy are proving to be more counter-productive then was first thought . 
  i think we 've now reached the stage where it 's debt forgiveness or default . 
  if the former is politically impossible for the creditors , then they 're still going to lose their money anyway but in a far more damaging way . 
  not to mention in the beginning , greece was undergoing very rapid economic expansion . 
  if you look at the debt-to-gdp ratio , it remains much the same from 1995 to 2006 ( at the admittedly quite high ratio of 100 % of gdp ) . 
  if i were in charge , i 'd personally be looking to bank those gains to gain some fiscal leeway to open the taps should a crisis erupt but on the face of it , the figures were kind of stable . 
  in terms of ballpark figures , assuming all else remained the same ( a * really * poor assumption ) greek gdp grow from $ 137bn in 1995 to $ 354bn in 2008 . 
  assuming they 'd managed to keep their deficit to 0 % of gdp , and just kept rolling the debt over , their debt ratio would have fallen from the 97 % it was in 1995 to 37 % in 2008 ( cf. 
  112.9 % in actuality ) . 
  it 's not that simple though , because pulling back on the spending would have slowed their growth over the time frame so the figure would have been higher but they 'd definitely still have had the fiscal leeway to avoid their current predicament . 
  what a condescending asshole you are . 
  it has nothing to do with the troika being evil and you 're also not considering the bigger picture of the entire cut . 
  but sure , dismiss legitimate criticisms and questions as me being naieve and thinking the troika is evil ; whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  citing a single figure is in no way a good enough way to assess whether a ` request ' is reasonable or not . 
  what are the knock-on effects from cutting the pensions ? 
  with such high unemployment , to what extent is that income keeping a roof over the heads of families and food on their table ? 
  what are the contractionary effects of the cut , and will they just cause gdp to shrink more than any savings might ? 
  looking back before the recession , the pensions were around 11 % of gdp . 
  that 's still high but not much higher than what the germany government was paying out and below what the french one was paying . 
  i do n't know what the answer is , but it 's certainly not a case of greece refusing ` reasonable ' requests . 
  none of them are especially reasonable and if greece were out with the euro ( as in , had never joined ) would be neither necessary nor countenanced . 
   scottish gaelic in scotland scottish gaelic most probably is n't the second most common . 
  scots would most likely be the second most common , followed by french . 
  gaelic is not very commonly spoken or taught at all ( and never was especially common outside the highlands and islands ) . 
  what point are you trying to make , that you 'd be able to understand them ? 
  i do n't get what 's supposed to be funny , other than mocking people for sounding working class ? 
  right , but try listening to it being spoken though . 
  that 's a different kettle of fish . 
  yes it does . 
  see all of those people swarming buses ? 
  they could just hop on a train from paris and head to britain if we were in schengen . 
  or buy a ferry ticket and cross . 
  or a bus ticket . 
  outwith schengen , they need to try and sneak past the border guards . 
  this video shows that our current border security is more successful than , well , the lack of any in schengen . 
  schengen is built on trust : the trust that all the other members can effectively guard against their external borders . 
  that france has allowed all these people , and by extension the other member states , to get to britain 's door is evidence that they ca n't be trusted to do so . 
  frankly , the cost-benefit analysis for joining schengen is hugely skewed against joining for island nations . 
  right , but what about the long list of others there who also have signed up to it being a ludicrous proposition ? 
  and rather than resorting to an * ad hominem * - based off-hand dismissal of the letter , why do n't you tells which aspects of economics his plan is based on ? 
  and why are others , like the ft and ? martin wolf ? , saying it 's ludicrous ? 
  the answer is , because it is a ludicrous idea . 
  sorry , where 's your peer reviewed and published study in to the antagonistic attitude british people take towards american-sounding people ? 
  i must have missed that in amongst the rest of your anecdotal diatribe . 
  it is . 
  you 're talking bollocks . 
  no one * actually * cares what accent you have . 
  what you 're saying is what 's important , in whether someone takes a dislike to you . 
  why ? 
  it is more commonly spoken but you live in the eu . 
  most english speakers you 're likely to meet with be those 70-ish million from the uk and ireland . 
  those are the countries that you can move to with no barriers ; america is very difficult to move to for europeans in comparison . 
  even if you do speak with a british accent , and you have to interact with americans , they 'll easily understand you and maybe even think it 's neat you have a british accent . 
  you 're already exposed to large amounts of us english so it should n't be hard to understand them either ( unless they 're speaking with one of their less-standard accents ) . 
  the ability to communicate with others is not hindered by picking an accent/dialect that is n't the most common . 
  from a purely practical perspective , then , how can learning us english be more helpful ? 
  the mindless consumption of us cultural exports ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  it 's not , it a logical argument : argumentum as absurdum . 
  he 's established that there are boundaries for what you may or may not do with your children and you 've tacitly conceded that point . 
  the question now , having established a line that ought not be crossed exists , is where that line lies . 
  many countries would view that as existing before assault . 
  you may disagree that it constitutes assault and think it should be allowed but your initial objection is literally absurd . 
  did it actually work though ? 
  the fact that they did it several times implies it did n't work to stop you from engaging in ` very bad ' behaviour . 
  if engendering long-term good behaviour was the goal , which presumably it was , then it failed . 
   i believe in scotland it is totally illegal . 
  nah , the scottish parliament issued legislation back in 2003 that basically mirrored that changes being implemented down south . 
  [ details here ] ( http://www.gov.scot/publications/2003/10/18406/28339 ), 
  for another large-scale event that was comparably successful , the 2014 commonwealth games in glasgow did very well . 
  there were no new venues built that would n't have a commercial future subsequent to the games , with the other venues being temporary/temporarily re-purposed venues . 
  as a result of the cg games , glasgow now has the world 's second busiest live-entertainment arena , which has had a lot of economic spillover in to the nearby areas . 
  there was a huge boost in hotel construction before the games , despite which glasgow continues to have one of the highest room occupancy rates . 
  tourism in the city is on a continued uptick , and there are a lot more hotels in the pipeline .
