  i guess , in answer to your very original question , the technology is n't yet mature enough to be implemented on rolling stock going out today . 
  you have to remember that these train sets were ordered in 2009 , and are derived from a train model first brought to market in 2000 . 
  theoretically , computers were all the things that make autonomous vehicles the things of the future today back then too . 
  but the technology was n't then at a stage where it could be on the market . 
  you also have to remember that the automated metros are very isolated systems and even then it 's a ) complicated , and b ) the entire system needs to be built around being automated , especially the signalling . 
  these train sets will interact with a million and one different signalling , regulatory , and power systems as they zip across borders . 
  you build for the environment at hand and , frankly , you do n't just rip out relatively new signalling systems to install the latest and greatest at any turn . 
  you also do n't install it on something like high-speed trains and the channel tunnel without trying it on slower and less busy lines first . 
  ask yourself this , if the technology was really ready for market you 'd see it somewhere being trialled or demonstrator projects . 
  what does it tell you that it is n't ? 
  i mean , we 're still trialling moving-block signalling on normal trains , while it 's been in use on subways for decades . 
  the reality is , inter-city rail has much more complex track layout and a much more complicated set of systems interacting with one another . 
  tl ; dr you ca n't just snap your fingers and take a good idea from brain to critical infrastructure like the channel tunnel . 
  and saying that nasa manages to achieve a much more difficult task , does n't mean it 's cost efficient to do it on the railways here and now . 
  are you trying to say the rule works backwards in your example ? 
  if you are , it 's not . 
  ` an eff bee aye officer ' is easier than ' a eff bee aye officer ' . 
  i think it varies * a lot * , region by region . 
  i was shocked , when i passed through the north of england , too see how shoddy and uncomfortable a lot of the trains running there were * cough * the pacers * cough * . 
  for all we up here in scotland complain about scotrail , we have a lot of relatively new trains , with new ones on the way , and a number of major rail projects that are either recently completed , being carried out , or in the planning stages . 
  and compared to all the hoo-haa surrounding the northern powerhouse 's hs3/major investment stuff , it 's been done relatively quietly too ( egip is hardly in the news , but is intended to do much the equivalent of what `` hs3 '' is supposed to achieve ) . 
  i think there are a number of pedantic points that could be raised with this article : 1 ) 20 years is a bit of a wait for some new rolling stock . 
  i 'm not sure that 20 years is that long between upgrading rolling stock . 
  the average age of rolling stick within the uk is just a bit under 20 years , and lond-distance operates are nearly 23 years . 
  these trains are built with long working life expectancies . 
  2 ) a high-speed railway service that goes from london , to paris , then brussels not quite . 
  it serves paris * and * brussels . 
  it 'd be a bit of a detour to go to paris , then brussels . 
  3 ) `` what was interesting for us was the challenge of a train that somehow has about 20 percent more capacity within the same volume now i have my suspicions that the design director was taken out of context , but these trains are larger than the ones they 'll be replacing . 
  the initial rolling stock for the eurostar service was built to the uk loading guage standard , to fit on the infrastructure then in place . 
  the hs1 line has been completed and is built to a continental loading guage , so these trains are built with that in mind . 
  perhaps the design director is comparing it to other rolling stock he 's worked on but the e300 is smaller . 
  4 ) it 's interesting that they do n't note these trains will be capable of running onwards in to germany and the netherlands , which the current trainsets are not . 
  direct routes from london to amsterdam and frankfurt have been discussed ( something that deutsche bahn have also floated in recent years , though they 've been mired down in trying to get safety approval for running their trains through the tunnel ) . 
  5 ) and italian these trains are not italian . 
  they 're built by siemens i.e. 
  german . 
  the interior design is italian . 
  actually , i said a few pedantic points but really , this is not an especially accurate article . 
  the worst university in the uk is n't really a university in the same sense as the rather narrower definition in the netherlands . 
  what were previously known as polytechnics in the uk are classed as universities , whereas the disctinction appears to remain in the netherlands . 
  comparing like for like , would probably give a fair analysis . 
   after oxbridge the uk falls off pretty quickly unfortunately . 
  yes , it falls off to only dominating the top 200 alongside the us / s. 
  what a nonsense statement . 
  according to the , the uk has more entries to the top 100 * above * the netherlands first entry , than the netherlands has in total . 
  if you expand it to the top 200 , scotland alone has 5 top 200 universities ( for a population of around 5.3 m ) . 
  the uk has the most world-class universities in europe . 
  perhaps the average quality is lower , but i have a sneaking suspicion that some countries did n't rename all of their polytechnic-type colleges to universities for pr purposes . 
   uk and france hate each other it 's not real hatred though . 
  my impression of it is , it 's like brotherly competition as opposed to , you know , hate hate . 
  must be a literal fuck tonne of background to justify assaulting someone . 
  wow , someone 's in a bad mood . 
  which would be an argument with merit if not for the fact that you responded to my comment yesterday too ... 
  did it really take you a day to come up with that ? 
  you do n't even get points for effort on that one ... 
  seems like an incredibly simplistic take on a project of this scale , which are going to be across multiple sites and have multiple subcontractors regardless of whether they 're all based in one country or not . 
  what convinces you that completely constructing the plane in germany would resolve the problem ? 
  ` what other languages do you speak ? ', 
  ` what other hobbies do you have ? ', 
  that 's what i hear . 
  i 'd personally probably say ` which other ' , but many native speakers would use the above construction . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  could do with working on how heavy her accent is , and there was one or two word-choice errors , but it was certainly not broken . 
  i 'm not sure that is worse . 
  at the very least , it 's arguable . 
  on the one hand , those are much more technical questions than were put to the above politician . 
  on the other , this was an agreed-to interview rather than what appears to be an ambush interview , meaning he potentially over estimated his english-language ability . 
  1 ) the difference is something like 7.5 kusd . 
  that 's not just ' a few thousand dollars ' . 
  2 ) estonia had romania 's current productivity levels in 2001 . 
  not really that recently . 
  romania was also just coming out of a recession then , which followed on from another recession before they even reached the previous peak . 
  estonia , in the other hand , had a far smoother growth in gdp per capita from the early 90s up until the 2008 crisis . 
  it 's just not true to say that estonia is one of the poorest economic countries when it 's recent economic history is one where it was known as one the baltic tigers and its 50 % wealthier than an other eu memberstate . 
  meanwhile , romania performed relatively poorly and was hamstring by decades of especially disastrous economic policy and government . 
  3 ) it looks to me to be a relatively new hospital and the english website says it was founded in the early 2000s . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying the romanian hospital is acceptable . 
  i 'm just saying that someone from a substantially wealthier country , with a substantially different recent history , ought to not show off the nation 's shiny baubles when other people are , to mix metaphors , airing their country 's dirty laundry . 
  it 's both unhelpful and unbecoming . 
  yeah , and [ markit are saying ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/05/uk-britain-economy-pmi-idukkcn0rz0n720151005 ) that quarter four could be slower than the 0.5 % their pmi is currently indicating for q3 . 
  ultimately , we 'll need to wait and see i think . 
  pick up by when ? 
  the news articles are saying the predictions are for q4 to be even worse . 
  is it though ? 
  maybe if you 'd said ` most clich\u00e9d ' yeah . 
  epic ? 
  hardly . 
  yeah , but our performance in the most recent quarter was likely the worst in the g7 . 
  i doubt the breaks are about to come off the uk recovery but we 're certainly not going to be enjoying the relatively-strong growth we have been this quarter or next . 
  estonia is not one of the poorest countries in europe . 
  in 2014 , it was almost as wealthy as portugal and was 35 % wealthier ( as measured by gdp ppp per capita ) than romania , and 65 % wealthier than bulgaria . 
  it has been well governed as a country , there 's no denying that , but i do n't think it 's fair to compare a recently-constructed building in the capital of a substantially wealthier country with what is clearly an outdated hospital in a , from what i can tell , relatively poor provincial city . 
  it 's about as fair as me comparing the new qeuh in glasgow to the mustam\u00e4e hospital . 
  i hope this does n't come across as so blunt but , what 's so special about this hospital that you bring it up ? 
  prefacing a new story with a location like that usually indicates that was where the story was filed from , not where the story concerns . 
  in other words , the author probably wrote this story from helsinki ; it is unlikely that it 's a case of mixing up the nordic capitals . 
  your ignorance of a word , especially if it derives from being a non native speaker , does n't make it weird . 
  it 's a bit odd for that to be the conclusion you draw rather than simply `` oh , i 've not noticed that word before ( which can happen even to native speakers ) '' . 
  and let 's be real here , you do n't get to pull the ` oh , i 'm a put upon non-native speaker ' - card when you trot out words like baroque .
