  they a ) would n't have a legal leg to stand on , being signatories of the unclos and b ) scotland could just stop the supplies while the energy was in dispute . 
  this wankery where the ruk partitions scotland ( oh shetland * wants * to stay ( there 's no evidence for that in the slightest and was just divide and rule nonsense from bt ) ) and steals its resources is just wishful thinking . 
  that 's just not how the world works . 
  those 8 low-income countries that joined in 2004 i.e. 
  czech republic , estonia , latvia , lithuania , slovenia , slovakia , poland , hungary . 
  well that 's a terrible idea . 
  for those that do n't know , the scottish government is given a ` block grant ' of money with which they 're expected to fund all of the devolved services in scotland . 
  the size of that block grant is based off of the size of the budget for england . 
  if scots have no say over the size of england 's budget , automatically within the current framework ) they have no say over the size of their own budget . 
  hardly an equitable settlement , made even worse by the relative size of the two populations . 
  if you combine that with the fact that evel effectively makes it impossible for scottish mps to hold any of the great offices of state ( pm , chancellor , etc. ), 
  and you 're designing a constitution that frog marches the scots out of the union . 
  i do n't understand the need for these ridiculous half-way house settlements . 
  they 're arguably one of the main reasons scotland finds itself teetering on the brink of independence as it is . 
  given england , or the regions of england , it own parliament , reasonable degrees of fiscal autonomy , and turn westminster into a federal government . 
  from my perspective , it 's the only way to fairly answer the west lothian question . 
  it looks as though almost all of the a8 countries will be ahead of portugal by 2020 ( hungary being the only one i 'm seeing that will still be behind ) . 
  and if it as 40km from edinburgh it might be found in the north sea . 
  just because it 's relatively close , it does n't follow that you need to freak the fuck out ( which is what i was reading in a lot of the swedish press ) . 
   are you implying that i do n't understand english ? 
  i 'm implying that words are defined by the usage of native speakers . 
  i did n't say that the word had ` completely lost ' its original meaning , merely that it had grown to encompass other similar types of discrimination . 
   casual usage of the term is definitely the correct one it is not the casual usage of the term . 
  [ it is also a legal usage ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2010/15/section/9 ) . 
  i 'm also not insisting anything . 
  i 'm more contradicting you , who has decided to take it upon yourself to insist that the way the word was used above was definitely incorrect . 
  for the record , it is not incorrect from a linguistic , or legalistic , or colloquial perspective . 
   in their capital city it as my understanding that it was in the stockholm archipelago , which does not imply in the capital city . 
  the archipelago covers a huge area and that area that the search began in was like 40km away from stockholm . 
   anti-russian hysteria to be fair , the swedish media * was * a little hysterical through the entire hunting phase . 
  i think i understand what you mean now . 
  you object to the lack od borser controls in their totality , not just that romania and bulgaria might be able to take advantage of the lack of border controls . 
  problem is , this type of mobile criminality exists in the uk too . 
  border controls , of the type that would exist sans schengen would not prevent it . 
  all they 'd need would be a passport and they 'd pretty much be good to go . 
  it 'd be difficult to prove the goods they had on them were stolen . 
  if they were already identified as criminals , there are mechanisms for having them arrested and deported in place ( could do with beefing up though ) . 
  i know what you mean it 's just you seem to misrepresent the legal structure of the eu and misunderstand proximate cause for the mobility of the gangs . 
  while we have cross-border mobility of any description , cross border crime will take place . 
  they clearly prefer the british at the moment with the current legal status quo . 
  what happens if the uk leaves and their economy suffers hugely ? 
  might they seek an autonomous region agreement from the spanish government in that case ? 
   racism is term for discriminating against people with different skin color maybe you should tell the oed that . 
  and british legislators . 
  and the hundreds of millions of native users of the english language . 
  racism extends just beyond skin colour and encompasses nationality , and ethnicity as well now . 
  the schengen agreement is what 's not relevant . 
  the ability for roma to move from romania and bulgaria to germany etc. 
  stems from those countries acceding to the eu , and after a transition period , their citizens gaining full freedom of movement rights in the eu . 
  those rights have nothing to do with schengen , which is not even an eu treaty . 
  the reason for any recent uptick in the numbers would be the ending of transitional arrangements , during which time the people would need special permits to move to look for work . 
  it can not be because of the shengen zone as they are not members ( incidentally , neither is ireland and you do realise that irish travellers are a thing , right ? ), 
  those countries are unlikely to join schengen soon , despite being obligated too , because the other members of schengen are opposed ( on somewhat spurious legal grounds i think ) . 
  romania and bulgaria want to join and their governments are not happy that they 've been refused accession . 
  the modern-day definition of racism would incorporate discrimination on the basis of nationality . 
  it 's one of the three grounds that the uk 's equalities act 2010 inclues for racism , the other two being race and ethnicity . 
  even the oed includes nationality in its definition of racism . 
   70 % of the gas they use with a different supplier ? 
  the eu does n't get anywhere close to 70 % of its supplies from russia . 
  it 's more like 30 % . 
  with a combined infrastructure network allowing reserves to be drawn down from around the eu , and the general diversification of sources that has been on going with , for example , lng capacity being built , russia 's hand is weakening continually . 
  the eu could , depending on circumstances , survive a few months without russian gas sources ( especially if other partners stepped up their supplies e.g. 
  norway ) . 
  how long can russia go without the revenue ? 
  in any case , the harder that russia pushes then more incentive there is to pursue alternative technologies . 
  unconventional extraction techniques become more economical , alternative sources are sought out , and reserve are built up . 
  once russia plays the energy card , that 's basically curtains on that . 
  right , but the pew research centre are hardly a bunch of amateurs . 
  they 'll be well aware of the need to weight their samples to make them representative and they 'll probably have managed that well enough . 
  in scotland , for residential users , the cost is bundled up as part of the council tax , and then distributed onwards to the state-owned water company . 
  the amount you pay is dependent on which council-tax valuation band your home falls in to . 
  the average , band d , home in my local authority has to pay # 190.17 pa for water and # 220.68 pa for sewerage . 
  there is no metering . 
  commercial users are treated differently and a ) have a choice in who their provider will be and b ) are metered . 
  from scottish water , the state-owned provider , non-domestic users will pay # 2.2020 for the first 25m ^ 3 and then # 0.7978 per m ^ 3 subsequently . 
  i ca n't see what their sewerage charges are on their website . 
  similar thing happened in edinburgh , in protest at the state of the roads and how they posed a danger to cyclists . 
  these things depend on a lot of factors and , ultimately , if public opinion swings behind a referendum before 20 years is up it would be silly of them to not hold one . 
  the reality is , there are so many constitutional changes in the offing in the uk at the moment that - many of which could make remaining in the uk seem intolerable for a lot of scots - that it 's not something anybody would rule out 100 % . 
  ` only a sith deals in absolutes ' and all that . 
  how english votes for english laws is implemented could have major impacts . 
  for example , cameron 's initial proposal would have essentially made it impossible for there to be a scottish representative become pm . 
  there could be an eu vote , with differing results north and south of the border . 
  the way the smith commission is implemented will be important , will it be ` enough rope to hang themselves ' or will it be done honestly . 
  the way ni is getting corporation tax powers but scotland is being refused them will be a considerable source if friction . 
  as i said , there 's so much going in in the constitution at the moment that ruling out a referendum absolutely would be silly . 
  they 'll probably go for a conditional mandate . 
  the uk is n't a federal country and moving to federalism is actually being suggested as the last ditch step to halt the separatist movement . 
  i do n't see how you can call having a vote on independence a downside of the federalist model in that light . 
  realistically , there 's unlikely to be another vote for about 20 years . 
  major constitutional changes could precipitate one earlier - such as brexit - but i see it as somewhat unlikely . 
  even so , there is broad support in scotland for another vote before that 20 years is up . 
  well , from the snp 's perspective , and from a logical one too , the arguments for and against independence did n't change just because the majority of people voted against it . 
  of course they still believe that scotland should be independent and , therefore , of course they 're still working towards that . 
  that said , no . 
  the snp are not even close to engaging in that type if behaviour . 
  what happened here is they refused to rule out having a referendum in their manifesto for the 2016 election , saying it had n't yet been written , and it 's been blown up in to them ` raising the prospects ' of one . 
  as i said elsewhere , i think it 's unlikely they 'll have a straight up commitment to a vote in that manifesto . 
  sturgeon does , however , have to placate the party members ( especially the 80k + new ones since september , up from 20k-ish ) so the wording has to be carefully chosen . 
  that 's true .
