  have you scrutinised your reasoning and assumptions and found them to be self-consistent and valid ? 
  yes . 
  then it follows that the majority must be wrong about the best way forward for the country . 
  that 's not what he said at all . 
  some people have different principles . 
  well , they did make a big hullabaloo about a timetable for further devolution . 
  they 're already behind that timetable . 
  the language emanating from westminster is very backtracky and , it feels , they 're trying to whip up public support against it in england . 
  if i had to predict , the further powers are going to be made contingent on something else ( as opposed to on merely voting no ) . 
  whether or not that ` something else ' is considered fair or not , it 'll still represent a trick on their part as it was not what they promised . 
  in any case , we 'll see . 
  deal with the message , not the messenger . 
  we are not russia and should not stoop to ` whataboutism ' to justify our actions and behavior . 
  i do n't know , having people with the motive to look for any opportunity to undermine you , as opposed to your ` friends ' should be a good thing . 
  if the worst putin and co. can come up with is the ` rooms were too big ' , i think we did alright . 
  sadly , there is a very very small number of people on my facebook thread who do n't accept the result and are running a petition calling for an independent recount . 
  i think it stems from several pictures where there were ballots marked yes sitting on a table marked no . 
  the perfectly innocent explanation , as tweeted by the official yes twitter accounts even , does not seem to be satisfying ( the ballots get sorted on whatever table and then put on the ` no ' or ` yes ' tables ) . 
  i 'd say it 's a very very small element of the people who ca n't accept it , mostly because they 're extrapolating from their own experiences and thinking it 's representative of the areas . 
  no politician is questioning the matter . 
  you do n't need to convince everyone to change the policies , we 're seeing the policy loosening now despite german unwillingness . 
  with british monetary policy thrown in to the mix , especially since without loose monetary policy the uk would have brought the euro down even earlier , it 's difficult to predict exactly how it would have turned out ; looser is the best bet , and that could have been enough to change the outcome for the piigs , and removed the pressing need for the super painful internal devaluation they are currently going through . 
  possibly , but it 's difficult to know what would have happened in the eurozone with a british voice in the ecb . 
  monetary policy would likely have been much looser than it is now , and would not have been tightened when they stupidly did so , so the situation would be drastically different than it is now . 
  that said , having the gbp has probably left us ahead , it 's just difficult to know what the alternative would have looked like . 
  those figures are hugely inflated by commuter flows and the way head quartering means corporation and vat is counted to london . 
  london 's gdp per capita is hugely inflated by worked not domiciled in london , commuting in for the day , and then leaving , resulting in the denominator being far lower than it is in actuality . 
  additionally , any ilondon would lose a large share of the cultural artifacts and governance arrangements , which would massively depress the headline production statistics . 
  some , or most , of the vat that is ` allocated ' to london now actually ` belongs ' to other regions . 
  similarly , corporation tax accrues to corporate hq , largely in london , but would instead go to what are now the regional , subsequent to independence , national head quarters of the companies . 
  for income tax , there would have to be some sort of cross border arrangment , likely seeing the bulk of that ending up allocated to the ruk . 
  london is n't as super-special as it thinks it is , it 's just privileged by how this country governs itself . 
  well , there are number of instances where the bbc has just straight up lied about the fact e.g. 
  when nick robinson had a piece showing him asking salmond a ` hard hitting ' question , then cutting away saying ` he did n't answer , but he did attack the media 's coverage of the campaign ' . 
  a video of the exchange was later shown , where salmond did answer and then raised concerns that a government minister had leaked market sensitive information , which the bbc had published . 
  it was pretty clearly misleading . 
  there are also a number of instances where particularly unbiased headlines were on the website , only to change to more netural ones as the story slipped down the headlines . 
  additionally , a professor published an ( admittedly a little weak ) report into the coverage , which showed the bbc clearly exhibiting a bias which was then off handedly dismissed by the bbc . 
  it was this that spurred the protests , not the ` scaremongering ' . 
  blatant bias , which the bbc is banned from showing . 
  to condemn a protest against the bbc failing to uphold their duties as ` intimidation ' is laughable , frankly . 
  no , the snp do not , unless you 're dumb and switch off at the first word . 
  it 's quite clearly explained that as it stands , there 's no real ability to increase tax revenue through income tax . 
  the bands are set at westminster . 
  the relative difference between the rates are set at westmisnter . 
  the collection is done in westminister . 
  there does n't even exist a list of scottish tax payers so , if they wanted to raise the tax , they would n't know who the tax rate applied to ( even the one that did previously exist was woefully out of date despite the scottish parlaiment paying hmrc to maintain one ) . 
  if they wanted to use the variable rate , the maximum they could feasibly raise would be totally consumed by the administration of collecting the tax ( which is the reason the snp refused to continuing paying the hmrc to ( not as it were ) maintain a list of scottish taxpayers , it would have cost more to collect than it raised . 
  even all the other parties recognise that , to a degree , there is insufficient tax raising powers in the scottish parliament , hence the various devo-nano to devo-only-half-the-party-agrees-with-this proposals . 
  in any case , even the most wide-ranging devolution , surprisingly that proposed by the conservative party , would only see 40 % of the tax raised in scotland controlled by the scottish parliament . 
  up to 2/3rds of the scottish people would support devo-max , which calls for significantly more than that i.e. 
  the pledges fall far short of what is desired . 
  literally mentioned it in the post though , though typo 'd the year . 
  even then , it only allows the rate to be varied by 10p in the pound . 
  no other changes to income tax is possible , such as altering the rate paid at 10k while keeping the rate at 40k static . 
  if you increase ( or decrease ) the percentage rate at any band , the rest must follow suit . 
  that means that tax policy is basically set at westminster as any change would be politically impossible to push through e.g. 
  a higher tax rate on the middle classes would be attacked by the lower-income population as it would necessitate a tax rise on then . 
  the tax raising powers were designed to be basically impossible to use and costly to boot . 
  it is not a decent amount of autonomy . 
  the devolved assemblies are little more than ` pocket money ' parliaments . 
  the tax rates , the tax bands , the types of taxation , and such like , are all set by westminster . 
  the amount of funding is almost entirely set in westminster . 
  the devolved assemblies get to decide how to spend their money but , economically speaking , how much to spend is a far more important question and they have no say over that . 
  what powers the devolved assemblies have to change tax rates are risibly weak . 
  the scottish parliament has , in theory , always had the ability to vary the income tax rates but only by up to 3p , and it had to affect every band , the tax bands being set at westminister . 
  that 's changing slightly , with the scotland act 2013 , to give slightly more control , but it 's still going to have all the most important points of income tax set in westminster . 
  in any case , as currently incarnated , those powers would be revenue neutral as the system to use them would need to be funded by the additionally raised taxes which would , in the current system , consume all , and more , of the possible extra revenue . 
  that differs drastically to all federal systems that i 'm aware of , where there is substantial tax raising powers at the state level . 
  an important concept of federalism , that is missing in the devolved unitary system , is the concept of ` states rights ' . 
  the scottish parliament has none . 
  it can be over ruled by westminster whenever and it can be dissolved by wesminster whenever . 
  in a federal system , that is not possible , except by leveraging federal powers to get what the federal government wants ( e.g. 
  how the us federal government secured a drinking age of 21 throughout the union by controlling access to highway funding . ), 
  in the uk , we saw the scottish parliament 's plans for renewable energy in scotland ran over by the withdrawal of devolved authority over certain areas of energy policy ( galling , this was done by the unelected hol overruling the proportionally elected scottish parliament ) . 
  the right to die in as dignified a manner as you choose then , if you choose to believe that no one dies with dignity . 
  but , as someone who has just watched two grand parents pass away from cancer , and seen the different levels of control the healthcare professionals were able to keep their pain under , i 'd say it 's definitely possible to die with dignity and to die without dignity . 
  the reason scotland should get special treatment is that its a special case . 
  take schengen , for instance , forcing that as a condition of entry directly leads to more barriers being created in the eu . 
  more trips will require a passport than in the previous and proposed set up . 
  for the euro , the case is less clear . 
  i think a case could probably be made for joining it in fifteen to twenty years time , and so the ground work should be laid by establishing a scottish pound now , but it is also clear that , at least transiently , eu policy will be creating more barriers than it will be removing . 
  that 's totally contrary to the ideals of the eu and for what ? 
  a one size fits all policy ? 
  refusing to see reason and blindly forcing homogeneity ? 
  these three things do n't make sense for any of the parties involved . 
  not the eu . 
  not scotland . 
  and not the uk . 
  why would the three parties arrive at a policy that does n't make sense for them or achieve their objectives ? 
  only four member states have opt outs . 
  the uk , denmark , ireland , and poland . 
  that 's not true . 
  the island is great britain . 
  the country is the uk of gb and ni . 
  britain is a shorthand form for the uk . 
  great britain is a geographic term . 
  hate crime legislation does n't need to being discriminatory ; it merely punishes more harshly certain motivations for committing a crime . 
  the reason they do this is that they recognise that , unlike a bog standard assault , those who are the victims of a hate crime suffer more harshly as a result . 
  recognizing motivation and punishment proportional to the crime are laudable aims and integral to the justice system , not just hate crimes .
