  it is not discriminatory to recognise those , and absolutely does not afford certain people more legal privileges . 
   was he harmed any less ? 
  yes , he was . 
  if you 're a gay man and you are attacked for being a gay man , then you will feel less comfortable being open with your sexuality . 
  you will feel unwelcome in the general community . 
  other gay people will perceive that threat too and they will attack differently . 
  hate crimes do do more damage than a random act of violence because they cause more non-physical damage . 
  that should be punished more harshly . 
  the reason people defend them is because they understand them . 
  they do serve a purpose , to punish people for committing worse crimes . 
  that absolutely is not the case though . 
  a hate crime is one where the victim is chosen specifically because of their belonging to a particular sub-group . 
  you can attack someone for reasons other than the group they belong to e.g. 
  they spilled a drink on you in the bar would not be a hate crime . 
  attacking someone because of the group they belong to is demonstrably worse than attacking someone for some other reason like the one given . 
  it instills fear in the community they belong to . 
  it will likely cause more emotional damage to the person who was attacked and so on . 
  on that basis , the punishment should be harsher to match the fact that the crime was worse . 
  the flaw in your reasoning is assuming that every crime must be a hate crime because everyone belongs to some subgroup of the population . 
  that 's true but it 's not the case that every crime is committed because of that . 
  that 's why you 've arrived at a ridiculous conclusion . 
  i actually think that barr produces some of it in england somewhere . 
  milton keynes , possibly , or near manchester . 
  not 100 % in scotland anyway . 
   not speaking english to be fair , a lot of swedish people i know complain about people not speaking english when they go abroad too . 
  i get that it looks bad when people from the uk expect other places to speak english but , at least in the service industries near tourists areas , it 's not entirely unreasonable or arrogant to expect europe 's lingua franca to be spoken . 
  that said , the only time i , personally , have got annoyed with there being no english speakers around was in galeao international airport , in rio . 
  then again , i 'm pretty sure they could speak english better than they pretended and were trying to use a faux language barrier to scam us out of more money for the taxi fare . 
  tl ; dr is it actually that unreasonable to expect english ? 
  i know it 's rude to say it but , is it ? 
  you might have a problem with an ulsterman , i would n't know for sure , but the odds of getting a scot angry by calling them british are ... pretty slim . 
  call them ( and by them , i mean us ) english , and , while most will probably correct you , only a few will be miffed and even less angry . 
  it 's not that big of a deal for me or anyone i know . 
  ` it 's a geographical term , not a political one . ', 
  while i do n't find that objectionable , a lot of people from the republic of ireland would . 
  i 've not looked in to it enough but i 've seen many of them claim that , while yes the term does have origins which date back to ancient greek times , it fell in to disuse and was only repopularised in the 19th century to try and quell irish nationalist sentiment and homogenise the two cultures . 
  as i 've said , i do n't know whether that 's true but i do know , for scotland , that the english ( by that time british i guess ) government of the day did act similarly towards scotland and tried to popularise the terms ` north britain ' and ` south britain ' to achieve much the same ends as the irish claimed the revival of the `` british isles '' terminology was about . 
  i wo n't make a judgement on the name for the wider archipelago but , since scotland is predominately located on great britain , the demonym ` british ' will continue to be applicable indefinitely . 
  the larger , more common , meaning of british , however , is ' a citizen of the uk ' . 
  while that could change , scots will only continue to be british in that sense if they hold dual nationality ( which most scots currently alive would continue to do , as would the next generation be entitled to by virtue of descent ) . 
  tl ; dr it 's not just a geographic term , there is at least a lot of baggage associated with it . 
  that said , the argument about the archipelago 's name is irrelevant to fact that the island scotland is on is ` great britain ' . 
  scots will also continue to have british citizenship so , even without geographic meaning , the applicability of the name would continue on for a length of time anyway . 
  for someone that seems so derisive of special snowflake treatment , your countrymen sure do love the special snowflake treatment . 
  france can refer accession treaties to the people for ratification . 
  that said , their constitution also allows a super majority in both chambers to approve the treaty . 
  i 'm not going to say its because of turkey , but i 'm pretty sure irs because of turkey they have that provision . 
  i do n't know if accession would require referenda elsewhere . 
  i doubt it . 
  when you run the numbers , even at greek , or even argentinean , levels of interest , the debt repayments the scottish government would have over the next decade stay lower . 
  a high percentage on next to nothing is lower than a low percentage on a lot , after all . 
  and realistically , the credit rating wo n't be anywhere near as bad as argentina 's . 
  it 's largely based on the ability to pay , which scotland will continue to have . 
  there would also not actually be any default taking place from a legal perspective . 
  its not morally the best thing to do but its not in breach of contract or anything like that . 
  the markets would view it differently than other sovereign defsukts mostly because it would n't be one . 
  those islands would not be entitled to the oil though . 
  not as part of the uk at least . 
  international law would classify them exclaves within the scottish continental shelf . 
  they would not be entitled to an eez . 
  most of the oil would remain in scotland 's eez . 
  if they were an independent state , the situation would likely be different with possibly 67 % of scotland 's oil being in their eez . 
  the partitioning of scotland to cripple it is nothing but a piece of trouble making propaganda that would never happen with democratic consent . 
  ask yourself this , why would those islands vote to remain with the uk if scotland were going independent ? 
  what would they lose and what would they gain ? 
  it does n't add up . 
  as has been said else where , devo max would be by far the most preferred option . 
  basically that 'd involve the devolution of everything by foreign affairs and such . 
  then major powers that 'd see devolved would be tax raising in nature . 
  the scottish parliament has basically no tax raising powers and what it does have are very heaviky tied to clauses ( e.g. 
  you can raise tax by this but only at all tax bands and you can not alter the earning boundaries of the bands ) . 
  the problem with that is , then , that spending levels in scotland are directly tied to funding levels in england . 
  a cut in england necessitates a cut in scotland . 
  if england opts for austerity , except on very rare ocassion , scotland must implement austerity . 
  that 's the major deal . 
  other ones include the total resistance of westminster to reform . 
  fptp , hereditary peers , lords spiritual , and the repeated attempts to change then to no avail have convinced many that change has to be a bit more drastic . 
  on top of that we see westminster being sneaky with our funding levels . 
  were entitled to a set amount of money as a proportion of that spent in england . 
  except when we 're not and the money is declared a national project . 
  sometimes that 's justifiable ( high speed rail ) and some times its not ( london 's crossrail ) . 
  on top of that there are pros to being a small state and in the eu . 
  small states derive an efficiency etc. 
  advantage due to their size and also small states in europe receive far more representation in the eu than we currently do . 
  we have six meps , the same number as malta . 
  denmark , the same size , has thirteen . 
  another issue for some people is that trident is stored 20 miles west of our most populous city and conurbation . 
  whether that scare story is good or bad , people view voting for independence as voting for the removal of nuclear weapons from our soil . 
  of course , there are a host of advantages to bring within the uk . 
  there 's no killer reason to leave , we 're not being oppressed , but for those voting yes , the advantages and benefits outweigh those from the uk . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree then . 
  i 'd think it were substantially more than a handful . 
  perhaps . 
  most scots view it as condescending though and would n't take kindly to being called it . 
  with everything though , it 's context . 
  most of the time there 's no genuine animosity behind the word so its mostly irritating as opposed to offensive . 
  ` scotch ' is generally more offensive than jock , but neither are anywhere close to the likes of ` paki ' . 
  for what it 's worth , i 'd imagine paddy is viewed in a similar light . 
  which is to say , it 's mostly not going to be taken as just a bit of light ` ethnic banter ' and if it is there 'll be the perception that it 's overworn . 
  it 's my understanding that the majority , perhaps all , of the instances where consent has been withheld happened due to the advice of ministers .
