  you have to remember , westminster is our only non proportional layer of government and it annoys a lot of folk up here . 
   kill the uk rebate if you look at the effect the rebate has , it makes the situation much more fair . 
  sort the countries by gdp/capita . 
  sort by net contribution . 
  without the rebate , the uk and other countries are way out of position . 
  / r/dataisugly that took far too long to comprehend . 
  it looks like they 're defining the length of the square as 56 but the area of the female portion as 20 . 
  ridiculous . 
  why not two separate bar charts ? 
  what is the gender division amongst all mps ? 
  i think she 's about to graduate this summer . 
  this is the first time that fptp has benefited them , possibly ever . 
  they campaigned for independence partly on the idea of a fairer electoral system . 
  electoral reform is in their manifesto ( and love them or hate them , they have form on implementing their policies ) . 
  i 'd say , the current incarnation of the snp would support it . 
   i do n't know whether it 's true or not in my view , not a whole lot has changed . 
  in terms of how the local authorities spend their budgets , they now have far more leeway than they did under the previous liblab administrations at holyrood . 
  one of the first acts the incoming snp administrations did was remove the concept of ring fencing and , instead , replaced it with a programme of mutually defining outcomes and the local authorities having a block grant to go about achieving those outcomes . 
  local authorities , in general , do not have much powers and most of their funding has come from the centre . 
  i believe it 's much the same in england . 
  one of the biggest gripes is usually the ` council tax freeze ' . 
  in reality , the snp just removed the incentive to increase it by promising the increase the block grant . 
  this has meant that council 's have faced strained budget but , in reality , the council tax freeze is only a very small part of that . 
  mostly , it comes from the snp passing on cuts in their block grant to the local authorities block grants . 
  iow , they 're affected by the prevailing fiscal policy at westminster not really from holyrood . 
  the other big case for it is the centralisation of the police force and fire service . 
  it has weakened the role of local authorities in policing and the fire services but , frankly , meh . 
  it allowed service levels to be , largely , maintained through efficiency savings . 
  there is some truth to it but the liblab administrations were worse in some ways and did n't need to make the tough decisions , what with them being power in an era of relative plenty for the public sector . 
  ( you also have to remember that labour is the leading party at the local authority level , the complaints are louder now because the snp are in government . 
  you also might say that the snp do n't want to give them more power . 
  it 's complicated . ), 
  as far as what 's happening in greater manchester , no . 
  nothing like that is really happening here , except with the islands . 
  if the scottish greens are as influential in holyrood next year as the polls seem to suggest , that might change . 
  they 're a strongly localist party . 
  tl ; dr there is some truth that the snp have centralised power , but it 's way overblown . 
  they arguably implemented the single largest devolution of power to local authorities in scotland since their inception . 
  there is no move to devolve power to grmanchester-type regions , but we only really have one of those anyway . 
  as a model , it probably is n't suitable in scotland . 
  they are part-funding city deals , however ( but that strikes me as having happened as a result of a sweetened being thrown glasgow 's way during the referendum ) . 
   the title of this post is quite anti-american . 
  that 's literally the least biased title possible . 
  it * only * states what the data sets show . 
  the life expectancies in the eu and the us . 
  the comparison is unflattering , sure , but anti-american ? 
  no wonder there is such an anti- ` anti-american ' circlejerk on reddit , if that 's the bar for taking offence over there . 
  well they cite an example where there was a huge influx and it created jobs . 
  it also is a reality that immigrants create demand as well as supply , when they move to a country . 
  ( they still got ta eat , dress , keep warm , and have a roof over their head ) . 
  it 's probably not as simple as they portray but , in a well managed situation , there 's no reason that they 'll just be displacing local people for the jobs they get . 
  considering the demographic crises a lot of eu member states are facing , it might be worth them looking in to higher migration for the medium term , so they can get their pensions etc in order and on a sustainable footing for the longer term . 
  is gdp not a component of ihdi ? 
  how can a well respected metric use a joke one ? 
  the answer is it ca n't . 
  gdp is n't a joke . 
  it has a real meaning and conveys real information . 
  the joke part is the multifarious ways that the metric is misused and manipulated . 
   recently , at one such event , i entered into a lengthy conversation with a conservative backbencher . 
  he gave me a lecture about how coalitions were an `` unnatural form of government '' that led to `` unstable conditions '' . 
  i listened for a while , and then said : `` apart from a brief exception under konrad adenauer , postwar germany has always had a coalition government . '' surely this is the more important quote . 
  it 's an oft repeated sentiment in the uk that fptp is inherently better at delivering more stable government than pr . 
  the evidence does n't seem to bear that out . 
  the coalition we 've just had has been really quie stable . 
  the post-war german government dragged a nation out of the ashes of wwii and have created one of the most well-functioning nations in europe/the world . 
  i guess you might say that the major difference is that the uk is much more highly centralised . 
  with the exception of the three national assemblies/parliaments , and to an extent the london assembly too , there is no intermediate layer of government with enough power and competencies to compensate for a prolonged weakness in central governance . 
  ( you could contrast this with belgium where the regions are very powerful and the nation survived without a government for 500 days ; it 's hard to imagine the results being so benign in the uk in such a situation ) . 
  personally , i think it 's becoming increasingly clear that we need real regional government in the uk , combined with pr/stv in the hoc . 
  ( my personal view would also be that the regional assemblies should elect representatives to the hol to act as the revising chamber ) . 
  so the economically strong countries are going to continue to leach the benefits of the single currency from the poorer countries and ignore their needs entirely ? 
  i do n't know if you 're advocating that , or simply stating the reality , but either way that 's a depressing indictment on the state of european solidarity . 
  fine , we 'll just go hang with tenerife then . 
  [ clearly , with the flag they have , they know what 's up !, 
   the issue should be finally put to bed . 
  unless a lot of space opens up in the polls , which i do n't see happening , it wo n't be put to bed . 
  the arguments are going to stay much the same , regardless of how the votes go . 
  people on the brexit side will still see the grass as being greener on the other side and they 'll still campaign to leave . 
  if it goes to bed , it 'll only be for a brief snooze . 
  on top of that , i ca n't see the british people voting to cede more power to the eu ( and they kinda have to ( parliamentary sovereignty notwithstanding ) , with the referendum lock that this administration brought in ) . 
  better engagement , sure . 
  more integration ? 
  we even have a cross on our flag !, 
  it 's a bit squinty compared to the rest of the nordics but that 'll still fly , right ? 
  and even in that situation , it 's not a matter for european law . 
  almost all of the relevant treaties have exceptions on things like ` on the grounds of national security ' . 
  no way do european courts have jurisdiction on things like the make up of an army . 
   you 'll still have it 30 years later . 
  right , but that 's not really the point . 
  obviously that person should n't be donating blood . 
  the point is that they 're being told they may not donate merely because they 've had sex with another man at one point in their lives . 
  it 's unnecessary . 
  if you contracted hiv 30 years prior , a ) you 'd know about it as it would have most likely manifested itself without the appropriate treatment and b ) the tests are going to find it . 
  the issue is that you can be contagious for months before the test can reliable say you are hiv + . 
  the time frame is what 's important . 
  a lifetime ban is disproportionate when it 's only * months * we 're talking about . 
  as to whether most std 's are incurable or not , the most common ones usually are . 
   basic human rights here the human right here is the right not to be discriminated against because of your sexuality . 
  it 's not my human right to go in to a shop and buy a cake , but it 's arguably discriminatory if a shop owner tells me no * because * i 'm gay . 
  the discrimination may or may not be justified though , and that 's what the court case is about .
