  public health is a sound legal reason to discriminate on , but as a justification it only ( rightully ) goes as far as is necessary and no further . 
   i personally put the safety of the blood right , and the point of the ruling here seems to be that they should look to see if the safety can be maintained without infringing on people 's rights not to be discriminated against . 
  many countries are of the opinion that the safety can be maintained without the levels of discrimination in the french system . 
  if they 're right , which the evidence seems to say they are , then french policy should be ruled to be unlawful . 
  that 's not what the courts are saying though . 
  for the reasons you cite , discrimination is allowed . 
  what is being challenged is the extent of the discrimination that is allowed . 
  banning a man who had sex with another 30 years earlier is hardly proportionate to the actual risk and much lower time bars are judged to be suitably good i 'm other nations . 
  the discrimination probably goes farther than can be justified on public health grounds . 
  from what i understand , they 're reliable enough to trust after a certain window of time , hence most of the uk has moved to that testing/waiting regime . 
  the ( bulk of the ) uk has a less onerous test than the french one . 
  in scotland , england , and wales , you may not donate if you 've had sex with another man in the preceding 12 months . 
  this contrasts with the ` ever ' test in france . 
  only ni would fall foul of the law if lifetime bans are found to be unlawful . 
  the 12months is probably justified on public health grounds given the period of time it takes for the tests to reliable diagnose hiv . 
  lifetime ? 
  probably not . 
  perhaps , and that 's unfortunate . 
  it does n't mean they ca n't make good governmental subdivisions though . 
  the way i look at it , if england were and independent nation then there would still be a desire for greater devolution . 
  within the union , the superficial desire for parity of treatment with the other home nations clouds the issue but that does n't * really * have an effect on how well the regions can self-govern . 
  yes , it is sad . 
  that does n't change what linguists have to say on the matter . 
  as a result , i hedge my bets . 
  follow as closely as possible the rules set down by prescriptivists , whilst recognising their view of language , and its rules , as being largely an incorrect one . 
  english regions were offered a vote on assemblies . 
  the referendum for the north east assembly was overwhelmingly rejected . 
  personally , i view it a bit like the av referendum . 
  a half-arsed reform , with a half-arsed yes campaign , being justifiably voted down . 
  if the ne assembly had been offered ( marginally less than ) the powers of the current scottish parliament , i think it could have passed . 
  even if the poor-man 's version had passed , it 'd probably have gained more power over time and we 'd be looking at a quite different political landscape . 
  on a side note , i do n't see the worth of an english parliament in the context or the uk . 
  it 'd not be fit for purpose . 
  smaller regional assemblies would be closer to the people and , therefore , possibly more responsive ( while still being large enough to bring significant resources to bear on large-scale problems ) . 
  it 'd also introduce the problem of a deep imbalance between the constituent nations ( which are somewhat soothed by having a shared parliament ) and have problems with the southeast being ever more dominant over the north . 
  i forgot that primary school grammar tests represented the height of modern-day thinking on linguistics . 
  how silly of me . 
  they 'd like to see the replacement programme cancelled . 
  in an independent scotland , they would n't have cared so long as it was n't based there . 
  no way argentina has the ability to take the islands . 
  the supply lines are n't an issue , considering the military resources we already have there are more than sufficient to fend off anything argentina can currently throw that way . 
  it 'll take years before argentina could pose a threat to what we have there , and the new carriers will be in operation by then . 
  hell , even the type 26s could be in operation before argentina is a threat . 
  anyway , does russia even have the capacity to project all that much power at the distances we 're talking about ? 
  i 'd imagine the majority of their support for argentina would be in military equipment only . 
  they will probably have the right to stay , though that 'd only be a political guarantee rather than a legal one . 
  over time , though , their rights would be taken away from them until they 're treated more like non-eea migrants are . 
  not awfully , but still at a detriment to the status quo . 
  that is n't even close to what i stated . 
  were you educated in one of those state schools you 're being so disparaging of ? 
  yes , society would have performed much better in this particular pop quiz before the state got involved in educating us . 
  we must go back to , err , widespread illiteracy ? 
  close , but not quite . 
  photons are massless . 
  electrons still have mass , but it 's very low . 
  they 're not ` nearly ' massless at all , and the fact that they have mass is quite important in explaining a lot of their properties . 
  not all electrons are trapped in ` orbits ' around nuclei . 
  protons have an equally large , but opposite , charge to electrons . 
  protons are indeed , though , much heavier . 
   the main parties will come together to call an election , yes , there is of course the possibility that they 'll come together to call an early election . 
  i just think that 's one of the least likely avenues they 'd pursue to effect that . 
  if the conservatives are on side for amending the legislation - and they 're the only party likely to be amendable to such action - then it implies that labour is a ) going to lose and b ) they already have the votes to bring down the government , without changing the ftp act . 
  it 's simultaneously a far longer process than a no confidence vote , more politically contentious , more likely to fail on the floor , and still requires many of the major party 's mps to vote against their electoral interests . 
  there are instances where the votes would be there to amend the ftp act , but not for a no confidence vote , but it would be quite an odd set of circumstances where it would happen . 
  it 'd be less likely . 
  -- and to go off on a tangent with the other part of your post :  without concessions on a referendum and trident/threat of unpopularity for siding with the snp the snp are not looking for a mandate to call a referendum in this election . 
  they 're also unlikely to look for one at the 2016 election , it would n't make any sense for them as they 'd almost definitely lose ( the received wisdom was that they did n't even really want one last year but had to after a shock win of a majority at holyrood ) . 
  trident is one thing that the lab/cons will definitely just pass together . 
  the snp will still look to negotiate influence on a bill-by-bill basis . 
  and importantly , for the most part , they 'll be able to pass legislation on a lot of things without the help of the snp . 
  somethings the conservatives will be onside for . 
  somethings the ld will be onside for , and the snp will elect to abstain from . 
  and so on . 
  i 'm sorry , i think that 's more unlikely as an outcome than labour bringing itself down . 
   1/2 can change that rule . 
  i ca n't imagine a scenario where the hol would allow such behaviour . 
  labour could use the parliament act of 1911 to push the rule change through the upper chamber but it 'd be a slow process ( and almost definitely affect the polls , due to the quite scandalous nature of their behaviour ) . 
  also , where are the 50 % of the votes coming from to amend the ftp act ? 
  snp is n't going to vote with them . 
  the lib dems definitely would n't vote to get rid of one of their centre-piece constitutional reforms . 
  the conservatives would n't side with them , if the polls are in labours favour . 
  i ca n't even imagine all labour mps voting for the bill . 
  the votes simply are n't there to even begin amending the act , let alone get the bill the entire way through the legislative process . 
  yes , and ? 
  an early election requires a 2/3rd vote for the proposition that the ` house has no confidence in the government ' . 
  if labour have around 280 votes , even everyone else voting for the motion would fail to trigger an early election . 
  rough back of the envelope calculation , that would mean that : ( ( 2/3 ) * 650 ) = 434 votes in favour would be required for a no confidence vote . 
  everyone else voting in favour would only be 650-280 = 370 votes . 
  therefore 434-370 = 64 labour mps ( i.e. 
  23 % of labour 's mps ) would need to vote to bring down their own government . 
  that final part seems improbable , as does the fact that the snp would be willing to actually bring the government down . 
  ( again , it risks the conservatives getting in and also their relatively privileged position within the parliament ) . 
  so , i just do n't see that the snp has the incentive to join the opposition in bringing the government down nor that the votes would even be there if they did . 
  from a european perspective , a referendum on brexit will happen if the conservatives win . 
  that wo n't happen if labour win . 
  the labour party will also likely have a different approach to europe , that could see the influence cameron squandered regained . 
  right , i gave you a bunch of arguably racist , sexist , and down right offensive articles . 
  where are your equivalents ? 
  you rebuttal to the media abusing scots , and its elected leaders is that it 's just the media ? 
  really ?
