  as independent members , though , we would be allocated far more seats than we currently have . 
  probably also get a commissioner . 
  there are a number of other benefits of being a small member state as well , as opposed to being a small part of a large one . 
  i think the article is over blowing what actually happened ( which is honestly that we did n't learn anything new ) . 
  sturgeon was asked whether they 'd push for a referendum following the 2015 election . 
  she said no , that was n't what the election was about . 
  that lead on to her being asked about other elections i.e. 
  the 2016 scottish parliament election . 
  she said that the manifesto for that was yet to be written and that decision on that would be made going in to that campaign . 
  that 's not raising the prospects of another referendum , that 's someone bringing the topic up and you refusing to rule it out . 
  personally , i think it 's unlikely they 'll go in to that election seeking a mandate for another referendum . 
  if there 's something there , it 'll be conditional e.g. 
  ` we will hold a referendum on scotland becoming an independent country if the uk votes to leave the eu but scotland votes to stay . ', 
  or ` we will hold a referendum if the westminster parties do not make good on their vow to deliver ` as close as possible to home rule as is possible ' . 
  straight up calling for another referendum will be politically toxic , barely 18 months after the 2014 vote . 
  depends , i think they can probably borrow more cheaply than the interest they 'd lose by running the capital in their wealth fund down . 
  no , though part of the educational model is informed by the gaelic-medium schools we have . 
  in scotland , the government is ( iirc ) pursuing a 1 +2 language-learning policy . 
  a second language ( l2 ) is to be introduced in primary 1 ( 4-5 years old ) with a third introduced no later than in primary 5 ( 9-10 years old ) . 
  i do n't know how successfully implemented the plan has been , and it was something they were talking about taking 2 parliaments time to role out , but it is promising . 
  it all hinges on whether the opportunities are adequately taken up though , something which should be easier to ensure at such young ages . 
  when i was still in school , serious attempts at teaching languages were only taken up in high school , which was probably too late . 
  sounds quite similar to me . 
  main meals are spaghetti , stir frys , different types of curries , roast chicken , pork chops , lasagne , tomato and basil pasta , carbonara , fajitas , etc. 
  breakfasts would be porridge , different types of omelette , toast , cereal . 
  lunch would be sandwiches , or left overs e.g. 
  fry left over rice for through the week or something more like the main meals if it 's the weekend . 
  these things all go along with a variety of different carbs ( obviously ) like pasta , potatoes , rice , cous cous and i 'll try to mix up what vegetables i 'm having and how they 're prepared . 
  for the most part though , lettuce , tomatoes , onions , carrots , peas , beetroot , peppers , sweet potatoes , and peppers is the extent of it . 
  what a difference half a decade and an economic crisis makes , eh ? 
  so , like i said , for entirely different reasons than was originally said ( high troop numbers and logistics ) . 
  at the same time . 
  it 's all in the sources i gave . 
  start of the war , 48,000 uk troops deployed with 18,000 on the ground . 
  the us had 150,000 troops on the ground in iraq at the same time . 
  they had even more deployed with the navy etc. 
  australia , poland etc. 
  also had soldiers deployed in supporting roles . 
  the coalition was pushing/exceeding 200,000 at the start of the war i.e. 
  hundreds of thousands . 
  uhh , yeah ... that 's what i said . 
   what 's most surprising is that he 's so candid about it . 
  source i 'm seeing say that the us had 150,000 troops on the ground in iraq . 
  the uk had 18,000 on the ground . 
  actually deployed forces were larger ( 48,000 from the uk ) , when the naval etc. 
  forces are included . 
  total deployed troops was near/more than 200,000 . http://edition.cnn.com/2003/world/meast/02/18/sprj.irq.deployment/index.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11107739 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/04/07/a-timeline-of-iraq-war-tr_n_95534.html the statement might be a * little * inaccurate , but if it is , it 's not by much . 
   i say should because i 'm currently in austria and my phone is n't receiving any network . 
  i think it 's a problem with my phone though , not three . 
  have you enabled the roaming feature ? 
  they do n't necessarily tell you but it 's not on by default on three ( and other networks ) . 
  if you have n't done so , there 's an online facility for switching it on . 
  since you 're already out of the country , though , they might not be able to update the on-phone settings . 
  your comment reminded me of this video : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tokcmnre5oy ) . 
  anyway , of course he 's self-aware . 
  you do n't just * accidentally * pull on the levers of power to keep yourself in power for such a long period of time . 
  either you 're keeping yourself in power or you 're onl a puppet , in type of governments . 
  what 's most surprising is that he 's so candid about it . 
  why would n't it be like iraq ? 
  iraq , the main war , was over in a very short period of time . 
  the coalition forces absolutely crushed the iraqi army and suffered relatively few causalities . 
  the mess came from the fact that the west was unable to build a coherent government for afterwards and , in the relative power vacuum , inter-ethnic strife burst out in to the open . 
  the reason coalition forces were in iraq for so long can be attributed to the need for the west to suppress an insurgency an rebuild iraq 's government and civil society . 
  if russia ended the reign of lukashenko in a day or two , that 'd essentially mirror what happened in iraq . 
  the question would be whether there were sufficient ethnic differences in belarus that would be inflamed by the imposition of a different government and whether the people of belarus would want to resist a russia occupation force and the imposed government . 
  the defining features of post-invasion iraq were instability and insurgencies . 
  i ca n't speak to whether or not that 'd occur in belarus or not but ruling it out just because russia can get large number of troops on the ground is n't necessarily sound reasoning . 
  the coalition forces had hundreds of thousands of troops in iraq and it too a * long * time to get some semblance of control back over the country . 
  interestingly - or not depending on your view point - the welsh assembly has the same type of legal identity as the company that owns c4 : a statutory corporation . 
  incidentally , it was a long standing issue for the snp and they pushes to have the franchise extended to 16 and 17 year olds for the referendum . 
  the devolution commission just passed recommended extending the ability to set the franchise to scotland . 
  this is n't some new surprise policy but something that has had traction from way before ukip was even founded . 
  or spotify , even . 
  it 's a pretty ridiculous claim . 
  europe clearly is n't measuring up to the us but it has been more successful than just producing * one * company . 
  she 's the leader of the party and first minister of scotland . 
  she 'll be the one setting out snp policy and such like . 
  angus robertson mp will be the leader of the westminster branch , but will answer to her . 
  nicola sturgeon is somewhat being ignored by the other parties/press with an agenda because she 's much more likeable than salmond . 
  she 's playing that up by trying to strike a conciliatory note with the english electorate . 
  no , the unionist parties are trying to make it seem like he 's still in charge and he is far more recognisable to the uk at large . 
  he 'll also be standing for a constituency , and will likely win it . 
  he 'll only be a backbencher though . 
  i guess he 's in it because he 's likely to be a fixture of british politics a while longer . 
  it 's too hard to call . 
  the voters view the conservatives as more competent with the economy than milliband but that 's been the case for a while ; the polls ought to be accounting for that . 
   cameron has a great record on the economy . 
  maybe . 
  depends on your view and how you look at the figures . 
  they 've missed all of their self-stated targets , the jobs are mostly low paid and low skill , with more in-work poverty than has ever been seen on record . 
  productivity growth is in the toilet and , as a result , real wage growth is only real because inflation is nearing zero . 
  we have near deflation and little room to go about combating it , in terms of rate cuts . 
  they have no convincing message for how they go about fixing that , and are instead focussing on the deficit figure above all else ( a bit like angela merkel , but that 's neither here nor there ) . 
  if labour can sell their borrow to invest line , arguably ( maybe ) a more credible approach to the problems we have now , then they could close ground on the economy . 
  i 'd also argue that they went for plan b sometime around the middle of the parliament , somewhat vindicating the position labour put forward in the beginning . 
  there was real reason to fear a triple-dip recession with them carrying out their austerity programme and it 's a good job they changed their mind . 
  in other words , the saw sense but ai n't saying it . 
  i 'm a bit conflicted . 
  clearly we 're in a great position compared to the rest of europe . 
  the question is if we could be doing better and , if yes , if i think labour could deliver those results .
