  i 'm well aware that the funding for the eu does n't lie directly on gdp per capita , but it 's heavily funded based on a proportion of gni , which is automatically tied to gni per capita if you just take a percentage share out of it . 
  simplistically , what happens is the budget is decided , a percentage of each member states vat is taken , customs duties are collected , and then the difference between what was collected and what will be required for the budget is paid for based on each member states gni share of the eu 's gni . 
  the latter ` correction ' is far and away the biggest source of revenue . 
  to a rough approximation , the per-capita payments in to the eu should roughly depend on gni per capita . 
  the only way one member state , then , should , with similar gni per capitas , pay in more in net would be if they were receiving less out of the eu budget . 
  in any case , as you say , it 's a gamble then , for those states who pay more in . 
  if the economic boost to their trade , and thus tax figures , is larger than their contribution to the eu then it will be a good idea to remain within the eu . 
  that does n't mean it 's fair to make one member state pay for others disproportionately . 
  there were three points i made in my comment , when it 's boiled down . 
  the first was that it 's not weird that , normalised for size of economy , netherlands and belgium pay the same as the uk , as though the uk is slacking . 
  it just means those countries receive more benefit , or perhaps enjoy a skewing based on being the collector of a lot of eu customs taxes . 
  not weird , kind of unfair on the uk actually , give it 's relatively poorer . 
  the second was that the uk correction is justified . 
  when the burden per person of the corrected , and uncorrected , figure is looked at , british people would be huge net contributors , bigger than any except the very wealthy sweden and denmark . 
  corrected , countries with higher gnis per capita all pay more in , per capita . 
  i think that 's quite just . 
  just because , as you say , it 's a gamble , it does n't mean you ca n't talk of the stake being just or unjust . 
  thirdly , the reason sweden is at the top is n't borne out of altruism , it 's there for the same reason that the germany is where it is . 
  a percentage of gni is called upon to make up the budget difference , the budget difference is usually large in comparison to the total budget , so the size of gni per capita is going to be a good predictor for location in the eu contributions per capita rankings . 
  the reason sweden leapfrogs denmark and luxembourg is that both benefit from eu funding ( cap , or admin relatively speaking ) more than sweden , increasing the monies received side of the equation . 
  does it matter ? 
  if the uk can not stop extradition to one member state where rights are abused , arguably in contravention of art 5 and 6 of the echr , the it really should n't join the eaw . 
  the echr would forbid extradition to those countries , if there 's no mechanism , while the echr is in place , the uk should not join . 
  in any case , your argument boils down to ` you already want to abuse human rights , you should n't care that this piece of legislation abuses human rights ' . 
  of course , that 's utterly ridiculous . 
  anyway , as far as i 'm aware , the uk government is pro-eaw but anti-echr . 
  that approach would , from a human rights perspective , appear to be absolutely bonkers . 
  the eu is not ready for this level of integration , more work must be done to bring sub-par legal systems up to speed ( including our own ) . 
  why would it be weird that belgium and the netherlands are on the same level , when normalised for gdp ? 
  do you mean that it 's weird that those countries are not higher , as a percent of their gdp ? 
  after all , normalising for population , their economies are larger and contribution to the eu budget is , for a large part , predicated on a share of gni . 
  the implication must be that they have more money spent in them by the eu , per capita , than the uk does since their gross contributions should be , on average , larger . 
  anyway , the uk has a markedly lower gni per capita than all those countries which have higher per capita contributions to the eu . 
  it would seem somewhat fair that the uk lies where it does in the per-capita rankings . 
  some statistics on the uk correction aka thatcher bonus . 
  the correction was worth eur 3.81 billion in 2012 . 
  [ source , page 31 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/financialreport/2012/pdf/financialreport-2012_en.pdf ) adding that to its current net contribution , eur 7.37 b , the uk would leap frog france to become the second largest net contributor at -11.18 b , leaving france behind at -8.31 b but germany ahead at -11.95 b. 
  of course , the uk correction is borne by the other member states so germany 's and france 's net contributions would actually shrink . 
  i ca n't find the data for 2012 , but if 2011 were indicative , germany 's contribution to the uk rebate was around 0.2 b and france 's was around 1b . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) per capita , and not adjusting the figures for denmark and swede 's uk correction contributions , and with a 2012 population of 62.8 m , the uk would have been the third largest contributor at eur 178 per capita . 
  as a percentage of gni , assuming bip means gni ( the figure is worked out of of theirs ) , the uk 's un-corrected contribution would have been ( 11.18 * 100 / ( 7.37 / 0.4 * 100 ) ) 0.61 % . 
  that is by far the largest contribution of any member state , despite the uk being a relatively poor member state . 
  in other words , the uk correction was merited then , and is still merited now , on that basis that it 's unjust to ask a relatively poor country to subsidise one which is relatively rich . 
  regarding why sweden is at the top of per-capita contributions , it should be near the top due to its relative wealth . 
  denmark and luxembourg should be higher , all else being equal , but i 'd hazard a guess that denmark 's relatively large agricultural sector inflates cap payments and , similarly , many eu headquarters being based in luxembourg likewise inflate the value of eu spending there . 
  depends on the type of pub . 
  it would be weird in your traditional pub , but verging on expected in the more ` foody/gastro ' ones . 
  how would that confuse foreigners ? 
  is it not something which is gradually rolling out across most of europe , with the us marginally behind ? 
  they 're pretty common in the uk . 
   deep-fried mars bars while that kind of food culture plays a part , it 's not the main thing . 
  comparble regions in england , such as liverpool and manchester , have similar diet but do not have such short life expectancies . 
  also , no one from scotland eats deep-friend mars bars . 
  they 're sold to the tourists , and the tourists alone . 
  ca n't say the same for deep-fried pizza though ... 
  it 's poverty and de-industrialisation . 
  northern italy is still one of the wealthiest parts of europe . 
  those parts of the uk plunged in to being some of the poorest in western europe . 
  the diet eaten is influenced by a number of factors , including availability of food ( food deserts ) , affordability of food ( junk food is cheaper ) , and educational attainment ( influenced strongly by wealth ) . 
  it 's too simplistic to say that scots eat a bad diet , that 's a wrap . 
  there are other factors at plat . 
  for example , scotland 's economy is very strongly recovering from de-industrialisation now and life expectancies are rebounding . 
  that 's coming from a declining alcohol intake , more exercise , better diet ( of course ) and less smoking . 
  there 's no way that one factor is at play here , and that 's shown in the evidence . 
  the diet eaten in glasgow was compared with that in manchester , in one study , and not found to be appreciably worse , yes glasgow 's life expectancy is worse . 
  other factors are at play . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_clydeside closer than to the truth than ( i think ) you 're aware . 
  the internet speeds people are going to be able to access will be a distribution across the country . 
  for countries with an average of 30 mbps or more , which is pretty much the top 14 member states give or take , that means that far more than 1 % of the population can access 30 mbps . 
  in other words , fewer than one in a hundred italians can access speeds that would be considered average to the majority of eu nationals . 
  it should also be pointed out that cyprus , greece , italy and croatia are in a bloc on their own . 
  every other country , where double digit speeds are accessible , has 20 mbps or more , as average ( except ireland , which is marginally below that ) . 
  the reality is , 30 mbps is not anything super fancy or expensive , especially for a country like italy . 
  there 's really no excuse for it do have such poor internet quality . 
  i think the point he was trying to make was that the cultural norms in america are not identical to the cultural norms found in other countries . 
  acting in a way that would be normal in america might be offensive in other countries . 
  for example , the over-friendliness , and general loudness of americans ( from our perspective ) , will not be looked upon favourably in scotland but if you acted like a scot in america you might appear cold and quiet ( ish ) , from their perspective . 
  it 's not ignorant to point that out , in fact , it 's ignorant to expect that cultural norms are the same everywhere . 
  they obviously do exist . 
  what you mean is they 've not registered themselves , which is a different thing . 
  these people would obviously be romanian citizens if they registered . 
  i dunno , scotland is doing pretty well . 
  strong growth . 
  higher than uk average employment , economic activity , and fdi , with lower unemployment by a significant margin ( 5.5 % v 6 % ) . 
  lots of speculative office builds in glasgow , i believe the most u/c outside of london , and high investment in infrastructure likes roads , rail , healthcare , and education . 
  scotland is doing pretty well at the moment . 
  i also understand that manchester is doing well , as are the west midlands , though i do n't know their stats off the top of my head . 
  ( i do know that manchester recently ranked in the top 50 of world cities for volume of property investment ) . 
  london is obviously pulling ahead of all the other regions , but many other parts of the country could hardly be said to be in the doldrums . 
  or there 's the fact that the unemployment support is obviously going to need to be below the level that work pays or it 'd compete against the employers . 
  that 's not some conspiracy , it 's really the only way it could be . 
  if you take away the incentive to work , why would people work ? 
  well , the thing is , the difference between the pittance offered by ` the man ' and the pittance offered by unemployment benefits is quite large , so most people would think yes , that was a good exchange . 
  not that most people in the uk are earning a pittance mind , the real terms wage declines do n't necessarily imply the amount being paid is low . 
  but in this case , the data points being compared do mean that the uk 's economy is doing better than the bulk of the ez . 
  the comparison you 're making does n't allow any comparison . 
  tell me again , why did you feel the need to open your mouth with an irrelevant statement ? 
  the main issue is the quality of the jobs . 
  i 'm not talking about part time/full time splits , or zero hours contacts , but how much they 're paid ; the reality is , the bulk of these jobs are very poorly paid so average wages are declining and income tax receipts are dropping , making it hard to balance the budget .
