  it 's hard for me to decide . 
  our gdp is growing more quickly than the population , percent-wise , so our gdp per capita is increasing . 
  current trends would see us close a gap of over 1.2 % in around six months . 
  ( i do n't know when you got the 1.2 % figure from , but add about half a year to then ) . 
  additionally , real wages are now rising . 
  with unemployment as low as it is , and inflation also quite low , that trend should continue . 
  so long as something is done about woeful productivity growth , we 're looking good for the near future . 
  centre right means they inhabit the centre of the right wing . 
  ipso facto , they 're right wing . 
  in any case , i disagree with the way you 're description of the terminology . 
  as far i 'm aware , right wing is rarely used to mean far right . 
  from the headline , i knew exactly who they meant : the mainstream right wing party i.e. 
  ump . 
  the eu has form on awful videos . 
  this is my favourite of their sanfus . 
  the simpler mechanism is just to issue an exemption for publicly funded taxpayers , perhaps mandating that they offer an out-of-state subscription service . 
  associating multiple login credentials to one licence seems like a bit of a hassle . 
  i do n't think there 's a perfect solution here . 
  in scotland there is a set distance beyond which , if you have n't placed yourself in to a school other than the one you 're supposed to go to based on catchment areas , the local authorities must provide transport to the school . 
  j think it 's around 2 miles . 
  in the la i went to high school in , they had a local coach company run routes through the town to the schools . 
  they were specially chartered and the school issued passes to those eligible , colour coded depending on routes . 
  parents also had the ability to buy a pass if they were opted to change high school or if they were within the travel boundaries . 
  otherwise , people walked or their parents dropped them off . 
  i 'd imagine most of scotland would be similar , varying depending on the local geography ( i lived in quite an urban area but obviously there are the highlands and islands to consider ) beyond that , once people started to pass their drivers test in the final year of school , some people would drive in/car pool . 
  does it ? 
  i seem to recall the greek government calling for debt conferences and for ` redeploying ' the institutions . 
  this is a pretty similar proposal . 
   `` b '' vertical take-off and landing version for the royal navy ( and probably the `` c '' carrier-capable version for the planned 2nd carrier ) oh god , that was a cluster fuck . 
  as far as i understand it , the intitial design of the carriers was to be compatible with stovl aircraft . 
  in the beginning of the current parliament ( 2010-ish ) the coalition government decided that they 'd rather have the catobar ( c ) variant and ordered that the carriers be redesigned to incorporate catapults and arrestor wires . 
  in theory , that was to get the cheaper and more capable c aircraft . 
  the redesigns were significantly more expensive than anticipated , so they changed their minds back to the original design . 
  money down the drain . 
  since i guess the legality hinges on it , what 's the reimbursement mechanism here ? 
  what are the supposed illegalities ? 
   the european commission should never have gotten a mandate to negotiate for the entirety of europe how can there be a proper single market ( the interdependence of the economies being the key method they use to make war in europe impossible ) with divergent trade policies for different member states ? 
  it 's not really possible . 
  if you 're in the eu , then you sometimes need to tolerate policies without absolute support in your particular member state . 
  that 's just the nature of it . 
  a country ca n't reap the benefits of the fta and also engage in protectionist behaviour at will ; that steps on the sovereignty and rights of the other high contracting parties . 
  if one country feels as though its interests are no longer served by the fta , and that it would prefer to engage in a mercantilist policy , it 's free to do so . 
  it has to balance that against the loses from exiting the fta though . 
  while a country wishes to remain in a fta with other countries , there has to be some way of enforcing the rules . 
  the high contracting parties could negotiate about breaches amongst themselves but it seems a bit silly , in my opinion , to have the governments dealing with one another ( especially when there is a great asymmetry in the influential power of each party ) . 
  it 's removed from those who interests were damaged and it 's necessarily going to be a very long process ( an effective barrier to trade ) to enforce the terms ( once you go about lobbying your government , convincing them that you have a case , and then convincing them that its in their interests to take your case up ) . 
  if the parties want an fta to work , then there has to be effective and fast mechanisms for enforcing the terms . 
  once you get to this position , there are only a few realistic mechanisms you can use to make a reality an effective fta . 
  the mechaisms in use in the eu ( direct effect , the ecj , and so on ) are not really appropriate for things like ttip ; that leaves isds . 
  of course greece has a corruption problem . 
  this article does n't even touch on greece in any meaningful way though , nor compare and contrast the two countries . 
  the headline bears almost no resemblance to the article , and arguably gives the wrong impression of greece 's shadow economy . 
  it 's a lazy headline relying on lazy tropes , which does n't tie in with what the article is . 
  it 's hard to see how it was n't just the writer reaching for a cliche on this one . 
   murderers do n't have longer prison time because they have speed ticket . 
  actually , your criminal record will have an influence on how harsh the punishment handed down to you is . 
  pretending otherwise is as laughable as somehow comparing assaulting your producer to murder and on-screen racism to speeding with a straight face . 
  not every continent can have the ` advantage ' of a full-on genocide early on in their history to clear out the ethnic tensions you know . 
  i wonder how that ties in to article 42 ( 7 ) of the lisbon treaty . 
   if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  i 'd imagine it would n't apply but i 'm not entirely sure of the status of the falklands islands within the eu . 
  clearly that 's the answer . 
  it could n't possibly be the markedly different economic situations that the ez and the uk find themselves in . 
  it 's just good old british nationalism . 
  will any coalition they have to enter be committed to the referendum though ? 
  regardless , i 'm reasonably confident we 'll stay . 
  the media will start to behave and be more reasonable about the eu , the fear machine will ramp up about the uncertainties , and so on . 
  even without that there 's a fairly even split at the moment . 
  or maybe that 's wishful thinking ... 
  that article paints a worse picture than reality ( and i 'm not even sure it is that condemning in the first place ) . 
  the boundaries of gcc severely under bound the city , resulting in the poorest areas being in the data but the wealthier suburbs being hived off . 
  before the massive layoffs in the ne because of the oil price , scotland 's unemployment rate was 5.4 % ( it has now gone up to 5.9 % ) . 
  this is in the context of ( still ) higher economic activity and employment rates than ruk . 
  glasgow also has one the fastest growing jobs market of any of scotland 's 32 local authorities . 
  edinburgh has an even more benign job market conditions ( with some of the fastest growing wages of any uk city ) and is less than 40mins away from glasgow by train , which will be markedly less in a few years after the several hundred million pound egip scheme is completed for upgrading the lines . 
  bristol may be doing well by some measures in it . 
  that does n't mean glasgow/edinburgh are doing badly . 
  as to the industry in glasgow/scotland , a large number of the banks have their it offices in glasgow ( not it support but development afaik ) . 
  edinburgh has skyscranner , rock star north etc. 
  and a host of startups , as well as other large companies . 
  it seems as though your position is one that is derived from ignorance . 
  even your citations do n't really support your argument . 
  [ this ] ( http://m.glasgowsouthandeastwoodextra.co.uk/news/scottish-headlines/digital-sector-drives-jobs-growth-1-3715395 ) closest i can find to back my assertion about digital jobs from the first post . 
  the other data you 'll find in the ons website and the centre for cities study the guardian is discussing . 
  why ? 
  from what i understand , glasgow and edinburgh both have decent it sectors . 
  dundee too , to a lesser extent . 
  i 'm fairly sure i recently read something about glasgow having the most it jobs outside london , or some such . 
  / u/shudders did n't say that the ecb was out to get greece . 
  he said that decisions had went against them . 
  as a sentence , that says nothing of the ecb 's motivations . 
  highlighting greece 's failures does nothing to absolve the ecb 's of their reponsibility in the matter . 
   the ecb does what it can within its mandate and can not be held responsible for all the failures of the greek state i 'd love for you to tell me where exactly i said that . 
  either i 've bumped my head - which simultaenously changed my mind on the matter and made me forget ever holding that position and articulating it - or you 're just presenting a stawman . 
  greece is partly , and mostly , the party at fault here . 
  * all * i 'm saying is that the ecb 's policies have made it worse and they shoulder * some * of the blame . 
  the ecb is responsibly for some , if not many , of the failings of the greek economy . 
  additionally , it does not ` do what it can ' within its mandate . 
  it 's a ) not fulfilling its mandate and b ) made decisions that virtually every economist told them was counter-productive to achieving that target ( the rate rise ) . you 're speaking as though they 're perfect when they 're clearly not .
