  that 's not necessarily a bad thing within a federal system , but they 're not self sustaining and would need huge reforms to balance the books as independent states . 
  ( not to mention , there 's no real reason they can not run deficits all the time , and do as independent states do in allowing growth and inflation to erase the debt they 're accumulating , which many do do ) . 
   it is also contradictory to snp refusing to accept the wishes of some scottish islanders requesting to be able to stay within the uk if they voted no but the rest of scotland voted yes . 
  ha , you bought that partitionist nonsense ( you 'd think westmintser would have learned its lesson on that front ) ? 
  that was never anything other than alastair carmichael shit stirring , which you 'll be well aware of that fact that he has a very prominent reputation for now . 
  those of the islands may have been opposed to independence , but that 's not the same as saying they wanted to stay with the ruk in the event of scotland leaving the uk . 
  as to your point , it 's not blackmail for scotland to say `` you guys do what you want , but i 'll be bailing out if you make a decision i 'm not in favour of '' . 
  that 's a ludicrous use of the word . 
  yes , it forces england to balance its desire to stay in union with scotland against its desire to leave the eu , but that 's still not blackmail ( i.e. 
  needlessly hyperbolic nonsense ), 
  it 's ambiguous at worst . 
  ` germany has man foreign-military bases ... ' , would be one way of disambiguating the sentence but the hyphen has mostly fallen out of common use . 
  i 'd say , from context , there is no ambiguity that could cause confusion . 
   by far think you 're over egging the pudding a little there . 
  the uk is only 0.8 points higher at 5.5 - and that was in january - vis-a-vis the march figure of 4.7 % for germany . 
  austria , lithuania , malta , czech republic and estonia all come in at sub 6 % . 
  for context , the uk 's unemployment rate fell 0.8 points in roughly the five months to january . 
  it 's not a huge lead that germany has . 
   does not mean you must condone everything that can be done with science glad we agree , that you do n't need to consider everything science does to be an unalloyed good ( that is essentially what i said after all ) . 
  i 'll disagree on whether there 's any nuance to supporting the scientific method ( as distinct from its outcomes ) or not . 
  it 's a binary thing . 
   it 's not only a question of wether they are safe to eat i agree , but where did i say that i was only talking about whether they were safe to eat or not ? 
  you 're projecting your views and attitudes on to my words . 
  i talked about ` safety ' in very general terms . 
   i do n't think it is reasonable to dismiss those risks as irrational emotional fears . 
  i did n't . 
  blanket bans on gmos were what i was criticising . 
  if there 's evidence that some methods , enabled by certain gmo strains , are damaging , then ban those activities and strains . 
  tangentially , where 's this evidence ? 
   it is the mass farming methods used today that are flawed , not the fruits and vegetables themselves . 
  there 's more than one way to skin a cat . 
  yeah , maybe you can achieve similar result in another way but it does n't mean it 's the best way or the most ` sustainable ' way . 
  how are you even defining ` best ' here ? 
  and arguably , if you modify crops to be more drought resistant and to need less pesticide and fertiliser , that 's going to be more sustainable * in certain environments and contects * than `` small scale eco farming '' . 
  again , it 's all about the nuance , which this ban is absolutely not . 
  what he means is you either support the scientific method or you do not . 
  you do n't get to pick and choose when you apply the method or not . 
  if the evidence says that gmos are safe , or that some strains of gmo are safe , then banning them based on safety concerns * is * being anti-science . 
  you 're not acting rationally , which is only made worse by saying you support ` science ' in healthcare but ` feelings ' to others . 
   deliberate modification of the characteristics of an organism by manipulating its genetic material . 
  he means some modifications are good , some are bad , some make no difference . 
  blanking banning them because it 's the ` deliberate modification of genetic material ' is what he 's calling anti-science . 
  it 's a disproportionate action , and completely lacking in nuance . 
  you got a discount because of large consistently large net payments ? 
  how appallingly british if you !, 
  and as it happens , the 2014-2020 multiannual framework continues to have discounts for germany , austria , netherlands , sweden , and denmark , even once the new own resources framework is installed . 
  ( i 'm not sure if it is yet . ), 
  it 's not even just the dictionary definition . 
  it 's how legal systems would set out to use it too . 
  even if you do n't want to accept that ethnicity-based humour and discrimination is racist , surely you must accept that it suffers from the same flaws as racist stuff . 
  people can not change their ethnicity any more than they can change the colour of their skin . 
  on that level , it 's just as cheap and in poor taste as racism . 
  / r/france might ordinarily be a french-speaking sub but they do quite often get questions put to them in english and they 're often well responded to . 
  they do n't seem to mind that much . 
  i thought that but apparently he used some sort of api to compute the distance . 
  if you put ` london terminals ' in to the different trains websites , it should spit out sub-6 hour journeys . 
  personally i 'd say that any of the major terminals would be less biased than picking some arbitrary point on the map . 
  neat maps , but definitely some inaccuracies ( probably nothing major ) . 
  for example , it is definitely possible to go by train from london to dundee in under 6 hours , and close-by towns to dundee further up the ecml would probably sneak in under that time limit too . 
  on his blog , you can see more detail than the images in this article and most of fife is < 8 hours rathern than < 6 . 
  you can get quite a bit farther from the train station by connecting buses in the time after the train , yet they 're not in the < 6 hour category . 
  that 's a story that 's been replicated all over europe , but it 's a vastly different story to what 's portrayed by quoting wages in usd . 
  they 're in their way up , and recovered according to you . 
  in usd , they 're on a downward trend and 300usd/month lower than in ' 08 . 
  i thought the french government had ruled it out ? 
  all it takes is one member state to be against it and it 's sunk . 
  i guess my question , then , is , does this actually matter ? 
  and what are the values in the local currency , adjusted for inflation ? 
  that 's a more meaningful measure if quality if life . 
  any change in real wages on the ground is being obscured by the relative strength of the usd . 
  the uk has been * the * fdi leader in europe for a long time , with greater london and scotland being the primary beneficiaries for much of that . 
  in fact , greater london is ( unsurpisingly ) , by a huge margin , the leading urban area for fdi . 
  nearly twice as many jobs were created in london through fdi as in the next closest area ( berlin ) , and there were three times as many projects as in paris . 
  the next five countries for investment projects are finland ( 98 ) , switzerland ( 85 ) , denmark ( 75 ) , romania ( 62 ) , and slovakia ( 60 ) . 
  for job creation , the countries are cz ( 7278 ) , bg ( 5688 ) , serbia ( 5104 ) , macedonia ( 5020 ) , and hungary ( 4868 ) . 
  all else being equal , london would be third behind uk , germany , and france but ahead of spain in terms of numbers of projects . 
  scotland would be positioned between switzerland and denmark , at 13th with 80 projects in 2014 . 
  in terms of jobs , both regions fall outside the top 15 , but this largely reflects the types of investment taking place . 
  in scotland , it 's been an ongoing trend for jobs created by fdi to decline even as the number of projects rose . 
  this is a reflection of the movement from industrial projects to science/services-based projects . 
  anyway , while all of this is good news so far , i 'd reckon our performance in these tables will freeze or fall over the next two years as we ramp up for euroref . 
  the uncertainty surrounding that will most likely have a chilling effect on investment . 
  if we vote to stay , i 'd predict a ` catch up ' bump . 
  if we vote to leave , probably a continued chilling , at least until our relationship vis-a-vis europe is properly clarified . 
  ( data taken from the complete eyim 2015 [ here ] ( https://webforms.ey.com/publication/vwluassets/ey-european-attractiveness-survey-2015/$file/ey-european-attractiveness-survey-2015.pdf ) and this news article based on other ey work [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-32891765 ) . 
  to be clear , this map ( or at least the translation of the headline ) is inaccurate . 
  many of the green countries - germany , austria , switzerland , estonia , croatia , czech republic , slovakia , northern ireland , hungary , slovenia , etc. 
  - do not have gay marriage but some form of recognised civil partnership . 
  these civil partnerships do not necessarily confer equal rights as marriage e.g. 
  in germany there are a bunch of difference in , for example inheritance tax law and they initially discriminated based on income tax and other things . 
  even if they were equal , such as the civil partnerships that the mainland uk had prior to legalizing gay marriage , ` separate but equal ' is not true equality . 
  yes , of course they 're less mature . 
  but 18 year olds are less mature than 21 year olds . 
  the question is not whether they 're more or less mature but whether they 're mature * enough * . 
  the other responsibilities we place on their shoulders , many of which are greater in magnitude than making an informed vote , would indicate that we as a society view them as mature enough to be trusted with the vote . 
  there are a lot of hypocrisies and double standards in the law . 
  you can engage in consensual sex but may not watch pornographic representations of it ? 
  should we be raising the age of consent to 18 so that it matches porn ? 
  gory films and violent games , much like the restrictions on porn , strike me as moral-panic style bans and controls . 
  i do n't think there 's any reason to use irrational legislation to define the rational location of age bars .
