  no self-respecting glaswegian would ever use that name , especially since it is designed to play off of the violent history of glasgow . 
  i do actually understand that but it is a similar situation . 
  in english , especially in our headlines where more freedom is given to be less precise , europe has more meanings then purely the continent of europe . 
  it 's just that europe 's alternative meanings have a higher frequency of use , and are more numerous , than storbritanniens alternative meaning in swedish that the wannabe pedants think they 're making a correction when they quibble about europe v european union . 
  they 're not . 
  it 's basically the same as me saying ` ah , but you mean ` f\u00f6renade konungariket storbritannien och nordirland ' any time you say storbritannien . 
  i would n't , because that 's not how language works , but it is directly analogous to this situation in more ways than one . 
  perhaps a better example , though , might be from my time in sweden where my boyfriend 's family kept referring to me as an englishman ( engelsman ) despite me repeatedly pointing out that i was scottish . 
  it 's just a flat out inaccuracy , borne for a lot of historical bullshit that i do n't want to go in to here , that leads to it . 
  if you lot can fix that then i 'll see what i can do about the europe v european union thing . 
  when the scandinavians stop referring to the uk as great britain ( storbritannien/storbritannia/similar variations ) maybe we can talk about dropping similar linguistic shortcuts in english ? 
  hell , it 's not even really a linguistic shortcut here . 
  if it were n't for the fact that the data set is coterminous with the eu , and instead the countries covered were more of a hodge-podge ( e.g. 
  drop croatia and replace it with norway ) , no one would quibble with the use of the word ` europe ' . 
  do you have a convincing reason why we should n't say europe in that one particular special case ? 
  ( other than ` you should be as precise as humanly possible at all times ever . ' ), 
  a lot of them also link to the english-language articles so they form a good starting point for correctly translating animals , diseases , and myriad other things and concepts . 
  even if they 're stubs and low quality , especially for swedes with their high proficiency in the english language , they 're still quite useful as a swedish-language index for the english wikipedia . 
  how is he being a dick ? 
  other than a wise crack about german grammar , none of what he said was untrue not rude and i was genuinely surprised to see someone take offence about it . 
  the reality is that for one reason or another english is the lingua franca for europe/science/business and myriad other besides . 
  pointing that out can be insensitive at times but , in the context of this thread , it 's entirely relevant . 
  as to the benefits for the university , with the best will in the world , the talent pool is never going to be deeper in the german-speaking world than in the entire english-speaking world ( a world which most university-educated german speakers actually are a part of ) . 
  being able to draw not only students from that talent pool but also their staff can only be advantageous . 
  as to expectations , we english speakers do not expect ( in the entitled sense of the world ) to have services provided in english . 
  i am not lobbying for universities across europe to switch to english so i have a better choice nor is any one else i know . 
  it would appear that it is the leadership of the university which is pushing this change so attacking a native-english speaker because of the change seems to be a misplacement of your anger . 
  yeah , even if the ep wanted to do something on this i 'd put money on legal challenges being mounted by the member states regarding the lack of competency and ` unconstitutionality ' of any legalizing legislation ( proportionality , subsidiarity , and all that ) . 
  even if that challenge was defeated , a coalition of member states could likely be built who would block the legislation in the council . 
  i 'm not even sure that it would be a matter that would be decided by qmv so i 'd wager that a member state , like sweden or the uk , would very willingly block the legislation . 
  ( after all , it 's legislation proposed by the citizens so it would n't be a real waste of negotiating capital to be the loner blocking the legislation ) . 
  in reality , due to the precedent it would set , i imagine a large number of other ms would step forward to vote against the legislation . 
  it has to be borne in mind with these figures that large ports can skew export statistics for some countries . 
  the netherlands and belgium are , relatively speaking , small economies but they have the largest ports in europe between them . 
  everything which transits them destined for another country ( say from america via rotterdam to germany ) would add to the import and export tallies for the dutch or belgian economies . 
  those two countries are n't the only ones affected by this either . 
  singapore , for example , has exports which are significantly larger than the entire country 's gdp . 
  on a side note , you seem similar effects in the statistics regarding who the uk trades with , but in the opposite direction . 
  as an island nation , the uk packs most things up and send them to bigger ports on the continent . 
  this means the trade flows between the uk and belgium/the netherlands are over inflated relative to the final destination of the finished goods . 
  the result of that is that the majority of the uk 's trade has not been towards the eu but has been going to elsewhere outwith the common market ( it 's still the largest market by a country mile ) . 
  i 've not seen the statistics for irish trade but i imagine this effect is also responsible for the , frankly , unbelievable trade flows between the uk and roi . 
  i can imagine . 
  beyond the world wars and this year 's celebration for the battle of banockburn 's 700th anniversary there 's very little widespread interests in commemoration events for wars . 
  but i should clarify because i think what i said before was unclear . 
  when i say ` they do n't know what the war was about ' i mean to say they 've never heard of it . 
  it might vaguely ring a bell for some if you mention the burning down of the whitehouse but it 's generally viewed as a footnote of the napoleonic war . 
  i do n't mean that in an offensive way , by the way , it 's just the reality . 
  i 'd say they tend to be a bit bigger than that , certainly throughout scotland . 
  i 'd say [ this is the largest in my home town ( home to about 40,000 people ) ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/photos/62/13/621383_3be19934.jpg ) . 
  there are several other ones in that general area which are about double to treble the size of the one in the above comment . 
  in st andrews , the war memorial is also quite a bit larger than the one pictured . 
  mostly they 're cenotaphs too , rather than crosses . 
  i was surprised to see a cross there , if i 'm being honest . 
   british probably view the war of 1812 most people in britain do not really know what the 1812 war with america was about ( i assume that 's what you 're talking about ) . 
  those who do tend to not interpret it as a calamitous loss and waste of time but , in fact , tend to view it as a victory . 
  there was a thread about it quite recently actually , though i ca n't remember where . 
  i do remember a quote though :  the americans are happy because they think they won . 
  the canadians were happier because they know they won -- they remained part of the british empire . 
  and the british are happiest because they 've forgotten all about it . 
  it 's a very vague metric , is ` shitty ' , but on almost any measure , life in the uk is going to be better than life in romania . 
  i 'm sure there are people in romania that are doing better than people in the uk , the same could be said of every country , but , on average , life in the uk is better than life in romania . 
  unemployment is several percentage points lower in the uk than romania . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp ) is three times higher in the uk than it is in romania . 
  the uk is the fastest growing g7 nation in terms of gdp . 
  the average brit earns as much in a week as a romanian earns in a month . 
  but i think the best measure of how ` shitty ' a country is can be divined from where people want to live , which is measured , by proxy , by immigration . 
  in the year to march , 124,000 more people migrated to the uk , from the eu , then left the country . 
  maybe you could argue that the uk had a shitty foreign policy , i would n't disagree , but your anecdote about you , specifically , doing well in romania does n't make it a better country to live in than the uk . 
  economically speaking , there is no comparison . 
  tl ; dr yes , you are wrong unless you either accept that romania is ` shittier ' or can put forward some statistics to back up your point , heretofore substantiated merely by anecdote . 
  edit : down-voting of actual statistics in favour of the anecdotes of an ascerbic romanian xenophobe , this sub 's anlgo-phobia continues to plumb new depths . 
  it does not make sense for the german government to pay back debt early . 
  it was borrowed at such a cheap rate that , at times , people were literally paying the government to hold their money for them . 
  paying it back early is not a fiscally responsible action . 
  regarding the creation of more debt , i believe that the german government ran no deficit in 2013 and that debt , as a percentage of gdp , began to tick downwards at the beginning of 2010 ( i.e. 
  the debt load was becoming more manageable ) . 
  personally , i do n't think that is the most fiscally responsible action either . 
  given that the debt is so cheap to take on board , and germany gdp growth is relatively sluggish with inflation low , it would probably make more sense to borrow money to invest in infrastructure projects and the like , thereby increasing gdp and making the debt more manageable through the denominator effect . 
  statistics were released showing that he economy grew by 1 % in the first quarter ( over 4 % on an annualised basis ) raising scotland 's output to 0.4 % above the pre-recession peak at the beginning of the second quarter . 
  this compares to 0.8 % quarterly growth in the uk as a whole , with the economy 0.6 % below it 's peak . 
  gdp was up 2.6 % from the same time in 2013 . http://www.scotland.gov.uk/topics/statistics/browse/economy unemployment rose slightly , with 13,000 people joining the unemployment queue and 12000 people entering employment over the three months to may . 
  this , exams scotland 's unemployment rate was 6.9 % , contrasting with a whole-uk figure of 6.4 % and an eu-wide figure of 10.8 % . 
  these figures still represent the peak in total employment , private sector employment and female employment , despite the small net rise in total . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-28325221 edinburgh airport saw 10 million passengers pass through it 's doors in the past year , the first scottish airport to ever have so many passengers . 
  in june , the airport carried 3.4 % more people than it had the previous year . 
  glasgow also saw passenger numbers increase by a more modest 2.5 % . 
  edinburgh and glasgow are the 2nd and 4th busiest non-london uk airports . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-28262036 the routine deployment of armed police in scotland has been questioned after it emerged that a small incident in the highland city of inverness was attended by three police officers openly carrying firearms . 
  scottish police are not expected to be armed unless necessary and this is a view held both by the police and the public . 
  the head of police scotland , the police force recently created through the merger of several regional police forces , has promised to review the practice which , heretofore had been denied by both the police force and the scottish justice minister . 
  police scotland has 275 police officers trained to carry firearms and tasers , comprising 1.6 % of the total police force . 
  http://www.scotsman.com/news/focus-locked-loaded-scotland-s-armed-officers-1-3482231 the largest ever security operation in scotland 's history has begun . 
  to protect the commonwealth games , which will begin on the 23rd of this month , 2000 armed forces personnel will be on alert , with raf typhoon aircraft at the ready supported by police scotland , who are the lead security provider for the event . 
  other games related changes include scotrail laying on the largest ever rail service - including lengthened trains , more frequent trains , and services well into the early morning - and the erection of floral displays of the games ' mascot , clyde , throughout the city and statues of the same . 
  http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/commonwealth-games-2014-scotlands-largest-3882075 http://www.scotrail.co.uk/about-scotrail/media-centre/press-releases/biggest-ever-train-timetable-glasgow-2014 http://www.glasgow2014.com/sites/default/files/styles/lead-listing/public/images/free_clyde_floral_mascot_sw6715x298.jpg a large rally in support of gazans was staged , marching from glasgow city centre out to bbc scotland 's headquarters nearly two miles away . 
  police estimate that 1500 people were in attendance . 
  a similar protest was held in aberdeen . 
  videos are circulating of labour mp anas sarwar being booed by the protesters . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-28383431 kicking off a fortnight long celebration of gay culture , pride glasgow was stage this saturday with a march through the city .
