  some tells you they 're not german , in emglish , and your reaction is to ask them a question in german ? 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
  for comparing the economic strength of two economies ? 
  no , not really . 
  the absolute values are most relevant . 
  the world bank , http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-per-capita http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-per-capita, 
  the uk 's economy may still be 2 % smaller than pre-peak , and gdp per capita about 5 % below !, 
  but it 's gaining on those peaks quite quickly . 
  gdp per capita in the uk is already higher than in germany and the peak levels were almost seven per cent higher than germany 's current level , it 's peak . 
  the uk is battling it out with the usa for the worlds fastest growing developed economy right now so i do n't think it 's unrealistic to expect the uk , per capita , will continue to outpace germany . 
  as to savings , the uk sustained a bad situation for quite some time ; they 'll be rebuilt . 
  employment is already rapidly recovering - economists are working based off of 100000 jobs being added a month - and that will lead to real terms wage increases and a better savings situation . 
  regarding the types of jobs , your assertion that they 're all low paid is n't true . 
  the profile of the market is much the same now as it was before , with the proportion of full time jobs to part time jobs being almost exactly the same . 
  the article is talking about absolute terms , size matters on the international stage . 
  but it 's also implicit that the uk will have higher productivity that germany because germany will still have a higher population at that stage . 
  quality of life ? 
  the uk had for a long time some of the largest levels of disposable income , i imagine that situation will gradually reassertion itself once competition for labour heats back up . 
  going on current trends , that 'll probably be sooner than most people here expect . 
  as to your financial services comment , how does it have little real relevance ? 
  they provide well paid jobs , are a net service export and are necessary for the function of the economy . 
  sure , some aspects might be irrelevant but insurance ? 
  accounting ? 
  i think rather than the figures being biased by financial services , it is you that is biased . 
  eurgh , while the original comment provided no source it is not helpful for you just to contradict him and not source it . 
  perhaps your view stems from being one of the 38 % of americans that view canada as your closest ally ? 
  well i 've some news for you . 
  your view is not as widely shared as you believe ; 50 % of americans view the uk as america 's closest ally . 
  http://www.torontosun.com/2012/11/19/americans-view-britain-not-canada-as-closest-ally-survey edit : changed source to one more recent . 
  a delicate touch ? 
  it 's obviously not an exact translation but the idea seems to be the same : handled with care . 
  on your first point , there 's a preceding question about religious upbringing . 
  the way the survey is constructed will yield the interesting figure of how many people are atheists despite a religious upbringing . 
  yes it 's a separate thing but the information it elicits could otherwise be obscured . 
  regarding scotland , i think it has the potential to generate a better discussion . 
  asking who supports the right to self-determination would be rather a waste of a question ; few will say they 're opposed . 
  they could have just as easily asked about catalonia though . 
  realistically the above rationale probably extends to the rest of the questions ; they 're constructed not to find out information , per se , but to generate talking points . 
  or it may just be the survey was badly written , without intent , but will still yield interesting talking points . 
  no , i do n't agree . 
  if you 're in public - and travelling on * public * transport is definitely in public - then you do n't have a reasonable right to expect privacy . 
  cctv , with a reasonable period of retention , of a public place is surely not an invasion of privacy ? 
  what is your solution then ? 
  perhaps i 'm not a very imaginative thinker but i ca n't think of any solution - bar lowering the relative level of labour supply vis-a-vis labour demand - that will be anything other than a stop-gap symptomatic treatment of the decline in living standards . 
  but you 've got the order the wrong way around , unemployment shot up way back in 2008 in the uk : at the end of a long uninterupted period of living standard increases . 
  the unemployment is what caused the wages to halt , decrease , or increase below inflation . 
  why ? 
  companies were n't concerned with retaining staff , they had no where to go . 
  companies were n't trying to attract staff , they did n't need them . 
  companies were laying staff off , they did n't need them . 
  wages go sticky , the inflation is relatively low , historically speaking . 
  wages are n't increasing fast enough , attributable to the unemployment rate being high , so inflation is able to eat away at living standards . 
  i guess another way to look at it is in terms of what the solution is . 
  is the solution slowing the rate of inflation ? 
  no , that 'd reduce the incentive to invest and possible cause deflation ( worse than hyperinflation ) . 
  the solution is to get wages to increase . 
  how do you do that ? 
  well , the government ca n't mandate increased wages , and it ca n't afford to rapidly increase public sector wages ( politically , and financially speaking ) , the only alternative is to increase employment so wages will begin to increase . 
  if the solution is to try and encourage increased employment , and a reason that low employment rates might be causing the decreased quality of life , then does n't it make sense that employment is the problem ? 
  arguably , yes . 
  therefore , to be concerned with the rate of inflation , as opposed to unemployment , is non-sensical . 
  the problem in this thread if the conflation of inflation with standard of living . 
  inflation is n't the only contributing factor and it 's not what 's causing the problem . 
  that 's a really terrible reason to change a headline , dishonest even . 
  modifying the headline should be marked if a the change is absolutely necessary and changes in wording to make it read better marked with [ ] , otherwise you 're presenting your own view as someone else 's . 
  from the times ( broadly in support of the conservatives ) :  the freedom of movement report is said to be causing particular problems . 
  it has yet to be circulated outside the department , leading to accusations that mrs may is deliberately stalling . 
  sources said that the home secretary was concerned that much of the evidence submitted was broadly positive about current rules for freedom of movement . 
   she is said to believe that it underestimates the problem of people coming to britain to take advantage of the welfare state , which is central to the government 's rhetoric about cracking down on migrants . 
  while it 's just ` sources ' i.e. 
  rumours , papers do n't tend to publish them unless they 're at least somewhat reliable . 
  should also be noted that theresa may has form on disregarding evidence when forming policy . 
  exhibit a : her attempts to ban khat despite evidence that it is mostly non-harmful and would cause more problems when banned than when legal . 
  i know you 're just joking but the redefinition of fuel poverty is a good move despite how the independent/other areas of the press portrayed it . 
  it was moving from a bad , blunt defintion , to a better , more nuanced , defintion that relied on the same data points plus another that has been routinely collected for years . 
  so : 1 ) a bad definition was eliminated . 
   10 % of income on heating is self-evidently just an approximation . 
  2 ) it moved to a defintion which was based off of an actual defintion of poverty . 
  spending so much money on fuel that you are left impoverished is the defintion of fuel poverty and that 's what they 're now using . 
  3 ) relying on the same data points , plus another robust and accurate one , means that there 's no loss in accuracy that bringing in complicated defintions could cause . 
  4 ) it accounts for those who are poor but not fuel poor . 
  it may seem like semantics but if you 're spending less than average on fuel and are still below the poverty line , you 're not fuel poor but poor . 
  i do n't mean that in a harsh way , but it 's necessary for the government to know the difference otherwise government resources would be sub-optimally distributed . 
  if there are fewer people who are fuel poor than thought , maybe rather than reducing fuel taxes or subsidies on efficiency schemes ( which only help if you 're fuel poor ) , it 'd be better to use other policy instruments like an increase on welfare spending , or an increase in the tax free allowance or ... 
  it 's not a case of them deliberately underestimating fuel poverty but that the previous definition over estimated it . 
  this is good public policy and it annoys me that it 's being demonised like this as it will make politicians think twice about pursuing hard-to-sell good policies . 
  an example where this might be understood on the left is net-migration figures including students . 
  it does n't make much sense to include them because they 're only here temporarily . 
  they 're not removed from the definition as it 'd be jumped on from the press as a sleight of hand . 
  false , scotland has been out of recession longer than the uk as a whole actually . 
  there may still be parts of the uk i recession but i recall reading that most regions were now out . 
  first , i need to quibble about losting ' 57 % ' or ' 40 % ' of the trade . 
  leaving the eu does not throw up trade barriers and those in the uk that would have it leave the eu would advocate for a free trade agreement to replace it . 
  other than out of spite , it would not serve the remainder of the eu 's ( reu ) interests to erect trade barriers . 
  the trade volume may be less important for each member state , on a case-by-case basis , but it 's still important ; they would not want to lose out on that , particular given the precarious state of many of those nations ' economies . 
  also , the uk runs a trade deficit with the reu and in trade wars - which is essentially what a spiteful raising of tariffs would induce - the deficit nation tends to benefit more than the surplius nation/market . 
  but that 's academic , the eu is not governed by the stupid nor the spiteful so a free trade agreement would likely be relatively forthcoming . 
  if canada gets one , as well as other non-european nations , then why would the uk not ? 
  as to the ability for the uk to manage it 's exports though port capacity , there 're major projects ongoing at the moment to construct new , and upgrade old . 
  total avoidance of using eu port facilites would probably be possible but not entirely as ` good ' ( read , flexible ) .
