  the major drawback is that there 's the noise but , unless you go fully detached , you 're probably going to have that and it really depends on the neighbours . 
  well , it 's spurious and/or irrelevant grievance after spurious and/or irrelevant grievance . 
  why ? 
  do you imagine other eu countries are n't jailing people for such-like things ? 
  indefinitely and until further notice mean the same thing . 
  it depends . 
  that belgian can sell up , and retire to spain , or downsize and release a large amount of money . 
  the german can not . 
  if the german 's income level drops , they may not be able to keep the apartment on . 
  if the belgian loses their job , and that be paid their mortgage off , they need n't worry about losing the roof over their head . 
  sure , day to day , the quality of life is not the same . 
  long term , security , and flexibility are limited . 
  if you boil your comment down to a single sentence , it comes to this : ` labour built a lot of infrastructure with borrowed money ' . 
  i personally have no problem with it . 
  future generations will reap the benefit of the infrastructure . 
  if there 's a positive business case , the economy will benefit more than the spending costs , and the tax revenue ultimately comes back and recoups the investment . 
  pfi muddies the water when looking at liabilities a bit , and in many ways was an overly expensive way to do it , but ultimately central government is who will be paying for it through departmental grants . 
  the point still stands , spending levels on infrastructure continue to decline . 
  future growth is going to be constrained by inadequate and congested infrastructure . 
  the reason i say this is , you 're saying there 's a lot of road and rail projects ongoing but , well , maybe . 
  in broader infrastructure terms , we 're not spending nearly enough to maintain the health of our economy in the long term . 
  the thing is , as much as osborne has been ace at creating this impression that we 're spending ever more on our infrastructure , we really are n't . 
  infrastructure spending is declining as a percentage of gdp , is lower than what it was during most of the labour years and will barely be a third of what it was when they left office by 2019 . 
  it should also be noted , that the last labour government spent historically low amounts of money on infrastructure . 
  one of the big cons is the city deal malarkey . 
  yes , it 's great that those cities are getting more powers and cash to spend . 
  the draw back is , central government spending is declining more , so those areas are worse off . 
  we 're spending nowhere near enough money on infrastructure but the stage management of the policy is making it seem to be spreading out that bit further . 
  we 're storing up problems for the future . 
  i think the vast majority of people are aware that there is very little evidence to support it ever happening . 
  it 's still quite funny though , and makes for good comedy material . 
  the questions usually are n't ` are you gay ' but whether you as a man has sex with another man , and so on . 
  the behaviours are assessed , not the sexuality ( what 's the point of banning a virgin gay man but not a self-described straight man that has had sex with another man ? ) . 
  the trouble with that is , it 's still indirect discrimination based on sexuality and subject to the same conditions that it has to be proportionate as direct discrimination would be . 
  what 's happening is they 're moving from a disproportionate lifetime-ban model to one that they consider to be more proportionate . 
  there are studies that indicate no increased risk in , for example , in a 12 month deferral period vis-a-vis a permanent-deferral model for msm ^ [ 1 ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1537-2995.2010.02793.x/abstract;jsessionid=dfa2622f37dcdedaa6be191710252c14.f04t02 ) and it was such-like research that led to the modification of the uk 's donation policies a few years back . 
  you also do have to remember that science has advanced significantly compared to when these bans were initially put in place so what may have been appropriate in the past ( i think it was still an overreaction to have lifetime bans ) is n't necessarily the appropriate policy now , given our increased ability to detect blood-borne diseases and our understanding of things like hiv . 
  but to a degree , they are implementing what you 're talking about . 
  those msm individuals that have been in a monogamous relationship for a period of time , and so are no longer as high a risk , are being allowed to donate . 
  those msm individuals who have changed sexual partner within 12 months , and so present a higher risk , are being allowed to donate . 
  the key thing there is , it 's policy that is proportionate and so therefore is allowed and which people ca n't really take issue with . 
  it 's fair within the context of our legal system and level of scientific advancement . 
  hopefully it will be kept under review and alterations made as our understanding grows of blood-borne conditions . 
  the perception is that the common fisheries policy is ( or at least has been ) ridiculously badly managed . 
  in particular , reforms that the british people would like to have seen , with a view to stabilising stocks , are perceived ( i believe rightfully ) to have been vetoed by other member states due to their relative economic exposure to fisheries . ], 
  if you compare the actions of other non-member states , for example norway , they took much more sustainable actions . 
  but eu citizens resident in scotland did get the vote last september . 
  ( and that ignores that there major practical issues with giving the vote to a fuzzily defined group like scottish . 
  it 's not quite clear cut like ` is or is not a uk citizen ' ) . 
  belgium does n't have foodbanks ? 
  a brief google seems to indicate that is n't the case . 
  either way , it 's no where near that simple . 
  food can be really cheap , certainly compared to the median income , but some people ca n't make ends meet for a variety of reasons . 
  stone is no stupider than using feet and inches . 
  if you can justify the latter , the former is equally justified . 
  it 's kind of a ridiculous poster . 
  the date format is used in the us , not the uk . 
  you could set the fahrenheit scale to run from 0f to 100f and have an equally ridiculous looking scale for celsius ; the melting and boiling points of water are n't inherently superior to the points chosen for fahrenheit . 
  that 's not to mention that the uk increasingly uses celsius exclusively . 
  the same thing could be said of the units of weight , where in basically all but personal measurements metric is used . 
  some of the comparisons are fair , but it goes too far in trying to make its point . 
  and it 's also misleading go use the un symbol and earth ; are the uk/us and some other places not in and on those ? 
  because what are jackets ? 
  i currently live in the west coast of scotland , about half my journeys are on foot , especially if i 'm heading to catch a train ( and get out the front door on time ) . 
  the weather is n't really an excuse the vast majority of the year . 
  favourable tax regimes , and regulatory environments . 
  a well established pool of talent . 
  the uk might fail to attract future investment and growth in its future services but it 'd be gross negligence for companies to start moving entire divisions over night . 
  in any case , it all depends on the trading agreements that get put in place should the uk vote to leave . 
  trade might be less free , but will it be damaged enough to cause a mass exodus of financial institutions from the uk ? 
  probably not . 
  maybe i 'm being nationalistic , and in denial , but bae probably could turn out a high calibre fighter jet if it was tasked to do so . 
  it was heavily involved in the eurofighter project and is a key partner in the delivery of the joint strike fighter . 
  the uk has one of the largest aerospace industries in the world . 
  if it so chose , which is to say there was a will and a need , the uk probably could turn out a fighter jet . 
  would suspensions not happen in your legislature ? 
  unparliamentary behaviour will get you a suspension in the uk 's parliaments and assemblies . 
  ` conspiracy : a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful ' . 
  this article alleges that the bbc , a group of people , are trying to secretly whitewash saudi arabia 's involvement in supplying terrorist organisation , thereby misleading the public at large . 
  so we have a group , a secret , and a harm . 
  yup , meets the definition of a conspiracy to me . 
  is that adjusted for cost of living ? 
  it does n't sound like it . 
  i 'm actually just winding the guy up a but yeah , but the websites behind the project do strike me as a bot ` rah rah poland ` y. 
  i am being serious when i say that they 're getting their knickers in a twist over nothing . 
  they 're welcome to continue to , but i think they 're being daft . 
   `` oooh , they are in loceted in poland , soo you know ... '' well , yes . 
  it is a perfectly valid way of expressing that the camps were located in poland in the english language . 
  people do use that expression to mean exactly that . 
  in the absence of any evidence that it 's a ) misleading people or b ) there is some coordinated campaign to rewrite the germans out of the camps as alluded to in the video , it just strikes me as fighting a battle that does n't need to be fought . 
  anyone that got through high school will know which of the two possible meanings was intended . 
  ( it probably is best practice to not use the expression , but this video makes it in to something it definitely is not ) . 
  if i 'm being honest , it strikes me as some weird appeal to polish nationalism , stirring up feelings against some other ` the west ' . 
  i 'm relying on google translate , but all the websites that are linked at the bottom of the website , http://glosbohatera.com.pl/ , seem to be overtly nationalistic . 
  maybe they are all just concerned about that neglgible fraction who might be confused by an ambiguous turn of phrase , but at the very least they 're overreacting with this video . 
  is it technologically feasible ? 
  yes . 
  but :  please stop trying to tell me there is no such technology . 
  there is n't any such technology . 
  it has n't been produced and brought to market yet .
