i notice you 're not so sensitive about the first generalisation but quite offended by the second . 
  are generalisations only ok when they 're flattering to you ? 
  yes , but everyone knows that . 
  but for context , according to the world bank irish gdp was usd210b in 2013 but usd262b in 2009 . 
  at the end of 2016 , after growth rates of 4.6 % and 3.6 % , it will only be usd227b . 
  that 's higher than any year but 2008 and 2009 but still only 87 % of the peak . 
  adjusting for ppp , or population , result in different relative figures but the trend is the same . 
  horrendous contraction , double dip , strong growth now but years from recovering to pre-crisis peak . 
  they are n't gender exclusive , they just act as though they are . 
  they ca n't even give lower rates to men , since the eu ruling on gender equality and insurance rates . 
  what they do is appeal to women and offer women-oriented perks , like handbag insurance . 
  it 's probably fairer to say , at least from the 20th century , that many long term problems are from collateral damage as result of london-centric government favouritism . 
  mass unemployment , poor infrastructure , appalling health and poverty statistics , and so on . 
  with the advent of the scottish parliament , it does n't happen so much and things are improving . 
  on this front , many regions of england/uk share the same grievance . 
  the north east of england , south west , wales , etc. 
  are still struggling from the aftermath and , for many , they have no voice to ensure they get what they want and need . 
  ( it 's why federalism should really be on the table , in my opinion . ), 
  not all of it comes from that though , it would be silly to assume one thing was it play . 
  it 's difficult to argue that there were not those in central government who deliberately lied to and undermined scotland 's position . 
  the mccrone report . 
  the conduct during the '79 referendum . 
  the ` expendability ' of scottish fisheries . 
  the list does go on , really . 
  historically , the treatment of scotland and its culture , and the shotgun-wedding nature of the acts of union , even the portrayal of that actually , are much clearer cut . 
  are we the victim now ? 
  historically , yes but debatable for the 20th century . 
  the scots are sucking us dry . 
  the scots obviously have an inferiority complex . 
  is n't that alex salmond just a nasty anglophobe , what a fat man . 
  why do n't we have a referendum to kick them out , or on english indepenence , except i 'm not even going to mention it to my mp or complain about it . '', 
  - the seemingly endless self-pitying and envious winging emanating from parts of english society , ignorant of facts , and latched on to the ` subsidy junkie ' meme that 's been disproven over and over . 
  oh , there 's also this : `` the eu 's sucking us dry . 
  the romanians are invading . 
  the polish are invading . 
  we 're swamped . 
  towns are under siege . 
  let 's have a referendum . 
  why should the europeans get to tell us what to do ? 
  muh benefits tourism . 
  muh sovereignty . 
  muh right to deport suspected terrorists to be tortured . 
  regionalism is a plot to undermine england , so the eu can eat us up better . '', 
  it 's pretty funny you know , it reminds me of white heterosexual men commiserating with each other that they are the last minority that it is ok to discriminate against , and are some how convinced that any push for equality of treatment , where they do not enjoy even marginal advantage , is ` rubbing their noses in it ' . 
  all of this is to say , everyone has legitimate grievances but to listen to the reaction of a certain ( and broad ) segment of english society when scotland airs its , you 'd think they were the most hard done to bunch that ever did live . 
  what 's worse , they do n't even realise it , do n't listen to the grievances , and are instead informed by the prejudices to the extent that they think the complaints are specifically directed at them . 
  perhaps they would mind when , unlike current rhetoric says , we really had no say in writing them ? 
  which is what you 'd expect . 
  most of the states have payments around the same percentage of their gni as a consequence of how the eu is funded : for the most part , a subscription based on the size of the gni of the state relative to the eu 's total gni . 
  the uk receives a substantial rebate , two thirds of its net contribution . 
  that automatically shuffles everyone up a smidgen and the uk down substantially . 
  that leaves an explanation due for why greece is at the too and sweden second bottom . 
  well , sweden gets three rebates . 
  one , capping the contribution to the uk 's rebate . 
  two , as a reduced vat call rate i.e. 
  they pay around 0.15 % of their vat tax take to the eu in comparison to the usual 0.3 % . 
  three , they receive a lump sum repayment of few hundred million eur . 
  this applies to the netherlands too . 
  germany and austria receive only the first two rebates . 
  that explains why some are lower than others . 
  the remainder of that probably arises from difference in tax take for vat based on relative consumer spendings and the vat rate . 
  but why are some countries much higher ? 
  i 'm going to speculate and guess that its because they 're small countries with very large ports , relatively . 
  the eu gets funding from import duties and tariffs . 
  for belgium , the ports are huge in comparison . 
  that boost their payments , relative to the economy . 
  to be fair , that 's only half the equation . 
  you ca n't judge fairness without knowing the other half . 
  it is . 
  the amount of money to be spent gets set in advance . 
  the eu then sets about raising that money , doing so with three mechanisms . 
  it gets all customs duties and import tariff monies , less an admin fee from the member states . 
  it also calls on a certain percentage of the vat money raises in member states . 
  the third source is a straight-up fee from member states . 
  the fee is calculated as follows : the difference between the money needed and the money raised from the first two methods is calculated . 
  each state then pays a set percentage which is equal to their share of the eu 's total gni . 
  the last mechanism is the biggest source of eu funding , with the first two being roughly equal in size . 
  there are other sources the eu gets its money from but they 're all very small . 
  anyway , at this stage , without rebates , the uk would be a massive net contributor . 
  in 2012 the uk would have been almost as large a contributor as germany , in absolute terms , the third largest per capita contributor behind only sweden and denmark , and the largest contributor based on percentage of gni . 
  with the rebate , in 2012 , the uk 's contribution was more ` just ' with it falling roughly in the same position as its gni per capita ranking . 
  the rebate is a complicated thing to calculate , but once the value is calculated , the other states pay it based on their share of the eu 's gni . 
  some states have exceptions , where they receive a rebate on the rebate , like germany . 
  they pay only 25 % of their initially calculated share . 
  the difference is paid in the same way as usual i.e. 
  share of gni . 
  the four states who get that discount on the rebate also get discounts on the percentage of their vat take they have to pay in . 
  sweden and the netherlands also receive straight up monetary discounts . 
  i do n't really know where i was going with this post , i 've forgotten , but basically , yes the difference arises from the uk having a rebate . 
  what went wrong there ? 
  that 's quite a price differential . 
  depends where you are in europe . 
  the uk , scotland at least , has slightly shorter opening hours on sundays but only because people are less inclined to go out . 
  supermarkets are still open 24/7 , alcohol is still on sale the same times , restaurants are likely to be open until they are too quiet to justify being open . 
  bars have slightly different licenced hours , not by much . 
  how on earth am i exaggerating the 2011 numbers ? 
  the only time i used 2011 numbers in that entire post was as a quick-and-dirty method for divvying up who was contributing to the uk 's ` thatcher bonus ' . 
  all the other figures were from 2012 . 
  there was no exaggeration of any number . 
  that is what the uk would have contributed without the rebate , in 2012 , the year which the figures you 're linking to examines .
