  i can only surmise this is due to how women 's places have been seen on those countries changing over the years but i would n't swear to it . 
  at the moment , female participation rates are a full 10 percentage points behind the us 's . 
  as they enter the workforce , and they continue to do so , they will hold the unemployment rate up even with huge increases in jobs . 
  that 's the big driver for the increase in the eu . 
  one of the surprising drivers in the us is the decline of 16-24 year old labour participation rates . 
  they 've decline precipitously , even though they 've remained stagnant in the eu . 
  [ here 's some data ] ( http://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;met_y=labor_participation_rate#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=labor_participation_rate&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:usa:gbr:esp:prt:ita:grc&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en_us&amp;ind=false ) , though it ca n't tell you the background . 
  and [ this ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304703804579381112025475836 ) article is pretty good . 
  the tl ; dr is that unemployment in the eu will stay relatively high as more people are coming on to the job markets . 
  the us 's position is flattered by a declining participation rate . 
  if the eu 's rate had mirrored the us 's over the recession , unemployment in the eu would already be below where it was at the start of the recession , 9.5 % . 
  women entering the workforce , 50 % of the total population , is dwarfing the retirement flows . 
  as those rates equalize , and the baby boomers begin to retire in greater numbers , the participation rate will probably begin to mirror the us 's . 
  it 's customary , so the metric is the same , be the reality on the ground can still be wildly different . 
  it 's based not off of the population but off the workforce . 
  to give an example , scotland 's number of unemployed went up recently . 
  the number of people in jobs also went up . 
  how are these two seemingly directly contradictory figures meshed together ? 
  the size of the workforce . 
  more people entered the workforce than found jobs , so unemployment went up marginally . 
  this is the sort of trend you see in the us against europe . 
  the labour market participation rate in the us has declined , as people decide against even looking for a job . 
  in the eu the opposite is the case ; the participation rate in the eu has drastically increased , in particular amongst women , over the past two decades . 
  if the us 's participation rate had remained constant , the unemployment rates would n't be so different . 
  tl ; dr the figures are murky and require context but the addition of that context is n't equally damaging , and is in some cases flattering , to each country or grouping under considera, 
  i think the argument about it becoming a de facto standard is somewhat undermined by the fact that the mechanism by which it would happen in the uk does not exist in the eu context . 
  the argument surrounding the de facto requirement position was that the card would become so widespread within the uk , and become a requirement for important things , that it would be impossible to live your life without one . 
  the eu , with so few organisation which directly interact with citizens , and without the required legislative powers , could not make a non-existent card a necessity . 
  if the uk does n't have a card scheme , which it 's unlikely to create , companies , police , the health service , and so on will not be able to make it a requirement . 
  it therefore could only be made a requirement , de jure , and that 's never going to happen without legislation at the uk level . 
  i do n't think that is what this is . 
  it appears to be people attempting to lobby the eu to create an eu-wide id system . 
  not the eu itself . 
  besides , the eu would never require this . 
  it would not be proportionate and so be ` unconstitutional ' , to the extent that word applies to the eu . 
  the most they would do is issue a directive the standardised the technology used and made it cross compatible . 
  they would n't be able to insist a country rolled out a system , just that it complied with certain standards if it did . 
  i see no problem with that . 
  i do n't have a problem with promoting industry . 
  i just think the names , in this case , are pretty stupid sounding . 
  the government has been heavily pushing the idea recently . 
  silicon roundabout or techcity or some such nonsense . 
  either way , it appears to be working . 
  well , except from edinburgh . 
  that 's more like four hours by train though , and very well connected by air . 
  road , not so much . 
  no one is being blamed for anything , except maybe the ons for having a deficient data collection technique . 
  the ons released figures for net migration . 
  they 've found those figures to be deficient , the reason being they did n't count at regional airports properly . 
  those regional airports are primarily the entry route for eu8 + romania + bulgaria migrants . 
  under counting at those airports led to the undercounting of those people . 
  i do n't see how you can be angry about this news.m also , there are over 520,000 polish-born people resident in the uk with around 600,000 people using polish as the primary language at home . 
  there has been a significant migration of people from eastern/central europe to the uk . 
  that is still ongoing , to a degree , though it seems that a large part of the flows are now from those eu countries with economic difficulties , like spain . 
  tl ; dr no one is attacking the romanians and bulgarians in this article . 
  chill out . 
  can confirm . 
  around 20 % of my university are north american . 
  they play ` gay or european ' . 
  the brits play ` gay or super-posh ' . 
  both are equally challenging for the respective groups : /, 
  actually , it 's not unheard of to put jam on yorkshire puddings , cause t ` north . 
  the hassle is almost entirely solved by bringing adaptors , which you only have to buy once . 
  moving country will just require the rewiring a plug or , if it 's nearing the end of its life , hopping a long with an adaptor until it 's time to replace the plug . 
  the hassles are tiny in comparison to the cost . 
  in terms of costs , retrofitting homes with the new standard will take on the order of billions of man-hours ( more if they standard is the british one , less if it 's the euro one ) . 
  even at relatively conservative hourly rates , in the uk you 're talking billions of pounds just for the labour . 
  the actual hardware will run to billions of pounds too . 
  i just do n't see that the costs and hassle outweight solving a very minor problem . 
  for brits it would be worth it , but that 's only because they do n't bear the costs . 
  for the reu countries , they get a marginally safer plug , less hassle when they go on holiday , and a bill running to hundreds of pounds to refit their home . 
  it does n't add up . 
  even in the other case , brits , irisish , cypriots , and maltese switching , it does n't add up . 
  last i heard , it cost # 15,000 pa for the chemistry programme at my university . 
  that , besides medicine , is the most expensive one here . 
  at # 16,000 , even the international chemistry students are covering expenses . 
  as most international students here are on ` arts ' programmes , like ir , which is significantly cheaper to run , the university is making a killing on its international students . 
  postgraduate degrees are different , and i do n't know very much about the funding arrangements for them , but i imagine they 're still profitable for the university otherwise they would n't be so keen on recruiting international students . 
  yeah , the uk had a * very * rocky few years following the crisis . 
  it 's now recovering and is only marginally below its 2008 peak . 
  most estimates seem to think gap will be completely closed by the end of the second quarter . 
  the european economy is not shrinking . 
  it 's fairly stagnant at the moment but definitely not shrinking . 
  we should see the economy picking up in the future as the main problem countries recover and cease to be a drag on core eu country growth rates . 
   germany had below one percent last year . 
  and it did better than all the other large developed economies in the eu . 
  it just does n't seem like enough to me . 
  this is incorrect . 
  the uk grew more quickly than all the developed countries , in the world , save for the us . 
  for the past three quarters , the uk has been the fastest growing . 
  productivity growth is on the up in the uk and if it the damage the recession wreaked is undone by that growth , it will continue to grow strongly for the foreseeable future . 
   we spend more of our gdp on military than any other country in europe . 
  and we spend these money wisely . 
  i 'm going to need to see a citation on that ( both assertions ) . 
  the first assertion is blatantly false by most normal measures of defence spending and the latter is pure conjecture . 
  by absolute value , at least 6 eu members spend more money on defence . 
  by percentage of gdp , 4 or 5 member states spend more on defence . 
  other countries in europe , but not in the eu , also have higher levels of spending , either by absolute or relative measure . 
  as to spending the money more wisely , different countries have different defence needs , different military doctrines , and so on . 
  one country 's spending plans does n't necessarily suit anothers but that does n't make the spending any less wise .
