  the uk government does not have the expertise to build nuclear power plants , so they want to get someone else to do it . 
  that requires an incentive of some sort . 
  why edf ? 
  they presumably won some sort of contract or were the only ones to show interest . 
  in any case , the british government is willing to pay to secure energy security and greener energy . 
   the poor poor power companies , right ? 
  no one is saying that . 
  what they 're saying is it 's not as sweet a deal as people were initially trying to paint it . 
   the uk government failed to do its job ? 
  what job would that be ? 
  tonnes of eu member states have lower per-capita emissions than germany . 
  you 're not the green god , despite how your politicians spin it . 
  you 're not even the member state that has experienced the greatest drop in emissions , compared to 1990 . 
  again , many have done more . 
  but let 's be real , opposition to nuclear power in germany is tantamount to accepting real damage now , from co2 emissions , on the assumption that we ca n't build a storage room strong enough to last until we have the technological know how to deal with the nuclear waste . 
  that just seems silly to me . 
   the hardest for an energy union which would make all of the eu independent of russian gas , oil and i guess energy for real , all i ever hear coming out of germany is soft-touch rhetoric on russia . 
  no meaningful action is being taken on creating an energy union and , even if it was created , the union would only mean russia could n't bully member states individually , it would have to try to bully the entire eu . 
  that has its advantages , but it 's not independence from russia energy exports . 
  do n't get me wrong , germany is doing a lot of good on the environmental front but ecological fundamentalism , and flawed government subsidy programs , are allowing perfect ( and impossible ) to become the enemy of the good , and the politicians are selling that wrapped up in spun statistics that hide a less-pleasant truth . 
  it depends on the implementation really . 
  in sweden , i understand that organisation are not allow to have a blanket ban on gay marriage i.e. 
  they have to opt-out on their own , the church they belong to ca n't ban it . 
  in scotland , organisations are allowed to make a decision as a whole so we 're now in the situation is gay marriage is entirely legal but the church of scotland ( which is not established ) has decided that no cos member can carry out gay marriage . 
  only some churches have said they will allow it . 
  personally , i prefer the former . 
  organisation with social authority should not be allowed to discriminate ; only individual choice , which does not infringe the rights of others to be treated equally , should be allowed . 
  well , in that case , they should n't have said they could be that fast . 
  which they did . 
  in fact , ` more powers , faster ' was what they promised . 
  if they could n't have been faster that independence would have been , they should n't have said they could be . 
  it 's not irrational to expect them to pull their finger out when they said that they would ( have you forgotten the timetable they published ) ? 
  it 's also no irrational to expect that they do n't use promises to try to extract party political benefit a la cameron and his attempts to lock labour out of westminster . 
  it 's also not irrational to expect that what was an unconditional pledge does n't get wrapped up in evel , basically guranteeing no scottish mp could ever be pm or chancellor again ( as that 's the natural consequence of two classes of mp within westminster , unless you had n't noticed ) . 
  that 's not true . 
  a timetable was published , which all parties signed up to , yet on day one they started to fall behind that timetable . 
  the pledge was also that we 'd get all these new powers now it 's that we 'll get all these new powers if england gets half-assed devolution . 
  unconditional to conditional . 
  what we 're also seeing is a lot of mps angling to make the further devolution to scotland sting , which is to say , they 'll devolve some things , but not others , such that there 's a massive cut in the budget in scotland . 
  what arises from this quagmire , i do not know . 
  perhaps we will get more powers and everything will get a bit better . 
  i 'm not confident though . 
  i 'm fully expecting a poison pill or some form of evel which results in scotland 's general budget level set by mp 's not from scotland . 
  headline stories , and especially only half the story , do n't tell you anything . 
  who ks leaving , why , and for where are all important . 
  who is replacing them and from where is also important . 
  its not possible to say it is or is not a problem without looking deeper . 
  yes , you 're not saying anything new there though . 
  the poverty level only increased in relative terms . 
  fewer people were in absolute poverty . 
  the quality of life for the absolute poorest went up but not as much as the quality of life for the upper and middle classes . 
  in an ideal world , the poor would have got much richer and the rich onyl marginally richer but this is n't an ideal world . 
  this really was adequately answered by thatcher during one of her pmqs . 
  in response to a question on growing inequality she said ` you would rather that the poor were poorer , so long as the rich were less rich ' . 
  it did seem that way , given how the question was asked and how you 're presenting disingenuous statistics . 
  you 're criticising her for policies that saw everyone get richer , only because the rich benefited disproportionately . 
  ideally , the poor would benefit disproportionately but the reality was better than the alternative on offer : everyone getting poorer . 
  depends what type of engineering . 
  the subject specific league tables would be a good place to start . 
  [ mechanical ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=mechanical+engineering ) [ electrical & electronic ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=electrical+%26+electronic+engineering ) [ civil ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=civil+engineering ) [ general ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=general+engineering ) [ aeronautical ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=aeronautical+%26+manufacturing+engineering ) re : weathe . 
  if you 're willing to drop # 90,000 on your education , it boggles my mind that you could be seriously off put by something as relatively inconsequential as the weather . 
  you 'll be able to be home for the summer , which is four months break . 
  you 'll be able to be home for a month or so over christmas and you 'll get some more breaks . 
  the beginning of the term and end of the term usually has quite decent weather . 
  do you really think avoiding four months of bad weather is worth # 30,000 per annum ? 
  i got the impression that money was n't that big of a deal , but the point still stands . 
  there are many universities in the uk that are better than nsw , and better than anything in portugal , that are either free or relatively inexpensive . 
  there 's no need to ` stick with shitty portuguese universities ' . 
  edinburgh , aberdeen , and st andrews are expensive places to live . 
  dundee is cheap . 
  glasgow is middle of the road . 
  stirling would probably be somewhere in the middle too . 
  glasgow has the best night life . 
  edinburgh , aberdeen , dundee have decent night life . 
  st andrews is small but enough to get by . 
  i imagine stirling 's is quite poor . 
  i guess if you 've looked in to it you 'll be aware that you need to apply via ucas . 
  you 'll also be aware that you 'll only be able to pick five courses . 
  given the modular system in scotland , it 'd be a bit of a waste to apply more than once to the same university , as you should be able to internally transfer so long as you continue to meet requirements ( at least in st andrews , though it 's not likely to be too different elsewhere ) . 
  the personal statement you fill in is important , spend some time on it . 
  the deadlines will be available on ucas 's website , but check those yourself . 
  the earlier you apply , the better , since applications are on a rolling basis . 
  course requirements will be online in the prospecti from each university , but if you have any questions you should be able to contact an admissions officer at the university , especially if you did n't study the ib or some other course which will be well-known in scotland ( e.g. 
  a levels ) . 
  to get your fees paid , you 'll need to apply to saas . 
  the scottish government will not giving you living support , though if the danish government is like the swedish government , they will likely provide you with living support even outwith the country . 
  you 'll need to submit the application form every year . 
  the first year in scotland tends to only be marginally higher than what are known as advanced highers , the most difficult high school qualification you can get . 
  if your grades in those are good enough , you should be able to get direct entry to second year and shorten your time of study . 
  similarly , good ib or a level grades should allow that too . 
  you can choose not to go down that route . 
  in terms of accommodation , a lot of universities will probably guarantee you halls for first year ( sometimes with the caveat that you live a certain distance away ) . 
  in st andrews , those would be a good way to meet people since almost everyone goes in to them . 
  i 'd imagine it 's pretty similar at the other universities . 
  you might want to look into private halls of residences in the bigger cities since they can be cheaper/nicer . 
  after that , you 're likely to be on your own when it comes to accommodation . 
  the student union will probably give out advice on finding accommodation . 
  the long and short of it is , if you will be living in a flat with more than three people in it , the flat will need to be hmo licensed . 
  as someone not from the uk , you might be expected to pay a larger deposit than people from the uk . 
  any deposit you pay , the landlord must deposit in to a ` deposit protection scheme ' which will protect you from bad landlords scamming you for that .
