  if the budget is still a mess , and people do n't feel better off ( or the direction of travel is n't positive for them ) then it might be a tough election . 
  i 'd initially thought , ` supply and demand ' , the supply of labour is dropping , wages are going to have to rise , but the statistics seem to show we 're further away from real-terms rises than we were a couple of months ago , when real-terms increases were predicted . 
  something 's going to have to give , we ca n't possibly hope to compete as a low-cost centre against asia and , closer to home , eastern europe , so these jobs wo n't go on forever , and the budget will have to be balanced soon or we 'll enter the next recession with absolutely no capacity to absorb the shock . 
  still better than the bulk of the eurozone where they work nothing for nothing , no ? 
  i know who 's shoes i 'd rather be in , even if the situation is not ideal . 
  i do n't want to be negative towards greece , but i have a feeling this may be a ` non-standard ' measurement . 
  the uk attracted $ 26.5 b in 2013 , miles ahead of the next closest country . 
  greece was not in the top ten , which was closed off by ireland at $ 4.2 b. 
  in order for greece to have received as much as this article is saying , then the six months prior to 2013 and the six months after 2013 must have saw some ridiculous levels of investment : those are just not seen in the other fdi statistics . 
  in 2012 greece had a total fdi inflow of $ 1.74 b and in 2013 it was $ 2.56 b. 
  in other words , for greece to have received that level of investment over the past 24 months , it would have had to receive substantially more in the first six months of 2014 than the uk ( long running top recipient ) did in all of 2013 . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  my guess here is , these are going to be long-running phased schemes where eur37b is paid out , possibly , decades . 
  what greece should be complemented on , rather than these misleading statistics , is growing its share of total world-wide fdi projects from 2012 to 2013 . 
  we 'll have to wait and see what happens from 2013 to 2014 , given that the year is n't yet up . 
  which are both pretty atrocious figures , and most predictions do n't have either do n't much better ( and by much better , i mean ` well enough ' to stave of future problems with debt , unemployment and so on ) . 
  yes , because germanically-rooted words do n't sound fancy enough in english . 
  blame the normans !, 
   i nearly stopped reading after i saw `` europhobe '' . 
  there is a difference between a euroskeptic and a europhobe , and i like to maintain that nuance . 
  i 'm glad you 're able to stop yourself from burying your head in the sand when people use words you do n't like . 
  2 ) the media write stories to sell papers , except when they do n't . 
  when it comes to election and decision time , they tend to have a more balanced tone . 
  they have more than one gear . 
  4 ) no , i 'm really not . 
  i 'm arguing for a full and frank conversation . 
  i 'd rather try and have one of those , and have it possibly be subverted by misinformation or spin , than just say ` screw it ' and have the country take a total leap in the dark . 
  a vote in 2015 would be exactly that for most people , a total leap in the dark . 
  5 ) yes , the trouble with your argument is the numbers though . 
  ukip members have a propensity for saying and doing controversial things and causing the party to catch flack . 
  the more numerous they are , if they 're as undisciplined as they currently are , the more incidents there will be . 
  some of those incidents should n't be incidents , such as mep 's visiting massage parlous , but some of the views they espouse should be . 
  the underlying current of homophobia i catch from most of the members , and the things they say , are repellent . 
  the massage-parlour-visiting mep 's stances , for example , are particularly bad . 
  the problem is , while they try not to get caught on camera espousing those views , they would act against the interests of minorities in a heart beat as , deep down , the do think they are inferior or should not have those views . 
  in any case , this paragraph is getting somewhat off topic as you 'll never be convinced . 
  ironically , you 're defending ukip as being no worse than the others . 
  of course , they were supposed to be the messiah , so that does n't quite add up . 
  first of all , that video shows nothing like you pretend it shows . 
  that was cameron referring to a referendum on whether to ratify the european constitution , which ultimately did n't matter since it was scrapped when france and the netherlands voted it down . 
  then he begins to talk about a referendum on the treaty of lisbon ; he was never in position to offer such a referendum given that the labour party ratified it , and it went in to force before cameron and his government were in office . 
  it is that latter that the ` cast iron ' guarantee comes from . 
  his promise was for a referendum on the ratification of the lisbon treaty should be be able to deliver it , which basically meant he had to hope the czech president continued to play silly buggers until after he was elected . 
  the last member state ratified the treaty , and so it became law , before cameron was in position to withdraw the ratification and order a referendum and thus he did n't actually break his promise . 
  i 'm not even saying that in a ` political weasel word ' kind of way , that was always clear . 
  it was also always clear that it was not an ` in-out ' referendum he was promising , so it 's not actually relevant to this discussion at all : he kept his promise on another referendum so he 's somehow not credible when he promises another on a different subject ? 
  the primary reason for opposing a snap referendum is that it can not possibly be carried out with an informed electorate . 
  the matters at hand are esoteric , most people do n't have the time to be as informed as they need to be for this decision all the time , thus it will take time for the arguments to be ran through and to get the majority up to speed and informed on what the lay of the land is . 
  2 months is not sufficient , especially considering the gravity of the situation . 
  if you call for a ` full , free , and fair referendum asap ' , i 'll support that . 
  the reality is , asap for that happens to be significantly farther away than 2 months after the general election and the decision to hold one . 
  i fully admit that salmond made a tactical decision when he opted to hold the referendum when he did but , regardless , it was a decision which gained the support of the scottish electorate in overwhelming numbers . 
  the thing is , it was also the democratically right decision to make , allowing mass political participation , engagement , and awareness . 
  to hold a snap referendum would have meant that we would not have been nearly so informed when we made the decision . 
  2017 may not be the right date , perhaps summer 2016 would be better , but 2015 is by far the worst option on the table from a democratic point of view . 
  the country clearly is n't being totally ruined by the eu , given that we 're doing relatively well at the moment , so we certainly do n't need to be making any rash decisions . 
  we 've been in the eu for many decades , what difference does a year make , in other words . 
  as to your point on ` europhobe ' , europhobia and euroscepticism are two different words to me , with two different meanings , and i also do not use it to mean hate so much as ` irrationally-based hatred ' like homophobia . 
  euroskeptics are not those who dislike the eu , they have a negative but informed view . 
  farage , and the majority of ukipers , however , are europhobes . 
  not everyone who would voted ` yes ' to leaving , however , would be europhobes . 
   having a debate with a scot in a pub can be a frightening experience uff , catch a grip and repair your keyboard 's return key . 
   the price would be a full , free and fair referendum on our continued membership of the european union : the opportunity to get our country back . 
  and for that to happen quickly . 
  you can not have a ` full , free , and fair ' referendum with little more than two months to discuss all of the consequences , ramifications , and practicalities of such a large change . 
  it would not be a full referendum , and it would not be free , as its legitimacy would be diminished and bound by ignorance that will require a long , involved , national , discuss to lift . 
  if i were being cynical , i 'd say there are a number of reasons for such a move : 1 ) the conservatives promised referendum in 2017 is quite far away , relatively speaking . 
  by ` de-risking ' the vote for the core group of europhobes , in terms of the vote , he can take the legs out from underneath the conservatives pledge . 
  2 ) the media have been complicit in bashing the eu for every negative thing it does , and not really giving it a fair hearing . 
  in the context of a referendum , however , where the consequences are actually leaving the eu , they 're likely to be much more responsible and balanced in their coverage . 
  the ` damage ' will take a long time to un-do , however , so pulling it to july 2015 , as opposed to 2017 , will not allow the media to change opinions against farage . 
  3 ) ukip , in 2015 , will likely be at the height of their political support ; untainted by the realities of government and untainted by the reality that they ca n't be all things to all men . 
  all of this would sap their party grass-roots activists morale . 
  striking while the iron is hot would continue that on . 
  4 ) this point is perhaps subject to my own biases , since i believe the facts support continued-eu membership , but having two months to discuss this is going to work in the europhobe 's favour . 
  you can not write complicated discussion papers , publish them , have rallies , and town-hall meetings , and so on in the space of two months . 
  you can not expect the electorate to consume all the information thrown at them , digest it , and come to an informed opinion in that time frame . 
  it can take months to disprove a red herring , so we need time to consider it e.g. 
  it would be shocking for the uk to vote to leave only to find out in the break up negotiations that , actually , we were wrongly informed on how the legal relationship would end up and no , we wo n't be getting this that and the next thing . 
  5 ) i think farage is scared of how his mps are going to be behaving after they 're elected . 
  they have a hard time keeping their members in line at the moment , it 's going to be difficult to do likewise with possible 10-25 mp 's , to keep their opinions and speech ` acceptable ' . 
  this will work against ukip , since the allegations that they 're ` just racist ' will be hard to refute when there have been numerous scandals around racism in their small delegation to westminster . 
  ( of course , i could be wrong and they might get their part discipline in order and manage to root out the racists . ), 
  6 ) having the vote early precludes the possibility of a renegotiation taking place . 
  if there are some reforms passed , many in the uk will think ` well , i might have voted to leave but we 'll see how these turn out , we can always have another referendum ' . 
  for farage , no reform could make the eu worth staying in , so he 'll never be happy with that regardless of how good the reforms are . 
  7 ) i imagine , well hope , that the ez and eu will have managed to get their shit together , in some semblance or another , re : the economy come 2017 . 
  2015 , too close to call . 
  in 2017 , the uk should have a deeply embedded recovery with living standards starting to rise strongly again . 
  in 2015 , living standards might be rather moribund , as they are now . 
  if people are economically happy with their situation on they day , they wo n't want to rock the boat . 
  farage will want to exploit the dis affectation felt the maximum , which means exploiting it now . 
  no , germany is on the brink of technical recession . 
  it contracted in q2 , and various other indicators are pointing towards stagnation , at best , in q3 . 
  if the economy contracts in q3 , germany will have entered a recession . 
  the ez shrank in 2013 , grew in 14q1 , and stagnated in 12q2 ( if it were n't for germany 's 0.2 % contraction , it would have grown ) . 
  the ez as a whole is farther from recession than germany is at the moment . 
  is the german plate letter not just 'd ' ? 
   why should they get that ? 
  the uk government wants to promote nuclear power to ensure the lights stay on and we do n't become even less energy independent than we are now .
