  i saw someone on here the other day try and pretend that the fiscal transfers between ez counties were larger than than in the states . 
  tell me you are n't trying to say greece is getting more help than detroit . 
  ok , wooppee for you . 
  this is a catastrophe for the uk viewers though . 
  the bbc coverage in 2012 was impeccable and i - and most others - just ca n't see this broadcaster matching up . 
  essentially yeah . 
  the scotgov introduced some protections and is reforming land use legislation at the moment . 
  they 're literally being compared to mugabe and the zanu-pf by the land owners . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous . 
  not how they 're spelled using english sounds or swedish ? 
  i do n't know if it 's wrong but on forvo they both sound as i 'd expect , and kristianstad sounds like an english speaker would pronounce ( but with the wrong parts emphasised ) . 
  milngavie is the obvious one . 
  seems somewhat simple , miles and miles from being phonetic . 
  i reached my late teens before i realised milngavie and ` mull-guy ' were the same place ... english people often mispronounce greenock , saying it like greenwich . 
  it 's rarer for non-native speakers to duff it up . 
  kirkcaldy , culzean , auchenshuggle , auchtermuchty , kirkcudbright , wemmys bay , and probably half the islands would be a challenge ( though you can probably work them out of you are familiar with scottish place names generally ) . 
  well , you do n't get convicted of murder if the other person ` deserved ' it . 
  of course , the circumstances for that are slight to non-existant ( at least here in scotland ) . 
  i do n't see how the indiscriminate killing of hundreds of thousands/millions could ever be justified . 
  if you 're killing children and non-combatants , you 're never going to convince me they deserved it . 
  i 'd probably write ` between the norwegians and the congolese ' . 
  he does n't . 
  according to the article , figures from late 2012 onwards were not available at the time the study was carried out . 
  the rate of suicides rose 35 % between june 2011 into 2012 , june 2011 being identified as the point where austerity programmes began . 
  before that , suicides had been increasing month on month but that rate rose significantly around june 2011 . 
  you 'd probably get a better business case if the tunnel was from dublin to north wales , and then continued to nw england with onwards routes along hs2 ( when/if it 's built ) . 
  and you 're like some of the ignorant people i went to high school with , unwarrantedly calling people retards . 
  i 'm well aware that he thinks his agenda will be of benefit to britain , i 'm merely emphasising that he 's coming at it from a biased position . 
  why do n't you totter off back to / r/politics ; your general conduct and demeanour would indicate that you 'd fit in there . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  like a reference to something or ? 
  so what you 're saying is , britain does n't gain but some british people with an agenda do . 
  got it . 
  the argument would be that the violence she suffered normalised violence , and that 's why she thinks it was ok to smack you and put soap in your mouth . 
  if she had n't been routinely assaulted in school , and was raised in an environment where violence against children was frowned upon , she probably would n't have used corporal punishment on you . 
  no such thing as what , and why not ? 
  has the child not effectively been adopted by the polish parent ? 
  the article is n't clear but she appears to have done so and is listed on the birth certificate . 
  if the situation were the same , and for whatever reason a polish male were listed on the certificate following a donor situation , would the child aquire polish citizenship . 
  if yes , then that 's discriminatory and homophobic . 
  if not , then there 's no discrimination . 
  from what people on here are saying about the case , the actions of the polish government here are discriminatory . 
  in any case , what 's with the acerbic tone ? 
  the majority of the ` blabbing ' was n't even related to actual case so much as to the perception of gsm individuals in poland and the put-upon , woe is us , tone the other poster adopted . 
   nobody burns lgbt people on stakes there or harasses them at work . 
  you say that , but as i understand it , lgbt individuals are significantly more likely to face violence and discrimination in poland than the other places that you 've mentioned . 
  not to mention , the pew global attitudes survey found that only 42 % of poles thought homosexuality should be accepted by society . 
  in italy , that figure was 74 % . 
  the opposite view , that it should not be accepted , was supported by only 18 % in italy but 46 % in poland . 
  ( incidentally , even if you assume that all those germans who were opposed to homosexuality being accepted live in bavaria , that 'd give a lower rate ( 71 % ) than in russia ( 74 % ) ) . 
  the perception that poland is ` backwards ' is not one that is taken up because you 're poor , it 's one taken up because of the evidence that we have to hand . 
  what 's with the victim complex all the time ? 
   not leaning to some loudmouth lesbians claims does n't make them homophobic . 
  depends on the reasoning . 
  from what people have said elsewhere in this thread , if the polish person in the partnership were a man , then the child would be granted polish citizenship once adopted . 
  unless you can present a compelling reason for why the laws should discriminate against the two women and not grant citizenship , then that * is * homophobia . 
  well , that 's embarrassing . 
  i 'll blame that one on the people who woke me up at half three last night by having a fight on my street . 
   used to still does . 
  i did say i was only guessing ... 
  yeah , guess that works too . 
  britain is really only acceptable in a colloquial sense , as opposed to a technical one . 
  in that sense , britain is also a perfectly valid name for the uk as a whole . 
  in any case , wikipedia is not a good source for defining these things ( especially when it lacks citations ) . 
  what a silly article with no grounding in european or international law . 
  the entire first four paragraphs are a red herring . 
  no one thinks that israel is eligible to join the eu . 
  setting aside all the contentious points about respecting human rights , it 's not a european country . 
  even if it suddenly developed the world 's best human rights regime , it 'll never be accepted to the eu as the treaties stand . 
  that does not in itself make the trade or the association agreement invalid or ` ultra vires ' . 
  nothing in the article explains those particular logical leaps . 
  if being ineligible to join the eu is the sole criteria for making association agreements illegitimate , then we need to get in contact with dozens of countries around the world cause that 's how many we trade and/or are negotiation with under the auspices of aas . 
  the article would be more creditworthy if it argued the case for the eu applying sanctions to israel ( one suspects that 's the motivation behind this article ) . 
  instead , it 's sought to find legal argumentation for why they should already be in place , failed to do so , and essentially written up a strawman using broken legalese . 
  but would be expect anything more from a website that has this in it 's ` about us ' section :  in an era of media disinformation , our focus has essentially been to center on the `` unspoken truth '' not really , no . 
  those who 's self-proclaimed agenda is to uncover lies and hidden agendas are the ones who most often lie and have their own ( in this case , not so subtly ) hidden agendas . 
   if that happens within a week or two of the referendum , it could result in us exiting . 
  the eu may be portrayed as a being a technocratic bureaucracy but they are not deaf to the political sensitivities in the different member states . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they were inept enough to publish bad news about anglo-reu relations in the run up to the referendum . 
  as to your second paragraph , it seems like wishful thinking . 
  there are a lot of difference between indyref and euroref and i just do n't see the same factors manifesting themselves in the polling . 
  brexit folks will be the most loud mouthed and obnoxious . 
  those who quietly want to not rock the boat will be inclined to just go along with what they 're saying for a quiet life . 
  by the time of the polling , i think you 're likely to find that shy europhiles will be more of a thing . 
  if there are many shy euroskeptics , then they 'll lose the referendum because they 'll need to be heavy on the ground to achieve significant movement in public opinion ; they 'll lack the resources that the yes campaign is going to have . 
  for the indyref , there was n't much mainstream discussion of independence before the snp got their mandate to hold the referendum . 
  with euroref , it 's been discussed for years pretty much . 
  i 'd also argue that the eu has had an unfair hearing in the press , what with it making an easy scapegoat for politicians and a paper-seller for editors . 
  once they 're pushing their agenda , which is most likely to a majority supporting remaining in the eu , the picture will be more one-sided but in the yes side 's favour . 
  tl ; dr the eu is n't daft enough to shoot itself in the foot before a vote and there are a confluence of factors that are going to be acting against the no campaign . 
  i reckon the polls will be close than this but i am inclined to put money on the fact that the yes side will win ( probably more comfortably than the no side won the indyref campaign ) . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 'd be great britain . 
  they 'll probably seek a conditional mandate for a referendum at next year 's holyrood election . 
  one of the conditions will probably be if scotland is taken out of the eu , despite voting to stay . 
  given the state of the polling , i guess it 's unlikely to happen . 
  edit : to clarify , i mean the above condition is unlikely to be triggered based on euroref polling . 
  barring some catastrophe between now and may , the polls would indicate the snp are likely to continue to hold a majority in the parliament or , worst case scenario for them , merely be the largest party . 
  it 's like you did n't read his last sentence . 
  you can take issue with the claim but you did n't even acknowledge it .
