  they 're right not to provide a separate entry because scotland was not an independent country . 
  both you and the op were wrong . 
  here 's the thing . 
  scotland is a separate country from england . 
  a large number want scotland to be a sovereign country . 
  scotland , england , wales , and northern ireland are countries within the country of the uk of gb and ni . 
  they may , in effect , be similar to other organisational structures which use different names but that does n't mean they have to use those names . 
  question . 
  do you quibble that the us states are not states but , i do n't know , regions because state can sometimes refer to independent countries ( e.g. 
  member states of the eu or ` statecraft ' ? 
  no , probably not . 
  it 's not difficult to accept that a word can have more than one meaning . 
  in fact , it 's common practice . 
  that you ca n't wrap your head around it is , well , flabbergasting . 
  no , it 's not what everyone thinks and your building your premise off of a false definition of the word country i.e. 
  you seem to be labouring under the assumption that all countries must be sovereign . 
  the ons , the british government , the scottish government , the international organisation for standards , the oed , the people of scotland , the eu , and probably many more groups of people and institutions call it a country . 
  in fact , contrary to your assertion , the bbc does think scotland is a country . 
  their style guide uses that terminology as do many of their articles . 
  in fairness , british roads are the safest in europe . 
    has less than half the population density of both uk and germany , which are roughly similar , and uk has ~ 18 % nuclear , while germany has  ~ 11 % . 
  so the excuse holds . 
  the excuse does n't hold when you then consider that germany is phasing out nuclear power and the uk is embarking on a programme of nuclear expansion . 
  and that 's before you factor in that virtually all of the new reactors will be in england , which is significantly more densely populated than germany . 
  i could n't find very much recent info on it but it seems it 's mostly from the agricultural sector , specifically livestock farming . 
  i found a paper which stated that just under 80 % was from livestock farming , just under 20 % from nitrogen-based fertilisers , and ~ 2 % was from industrial usage . 
  given denmark 's oversized pig-farming industry , that kind of ties in with the data . 
  take that with a pinch of salt though , the paper and the data sources it references , were from the early 90s . 
  i thought it was a well known secret that ` capital of culture ' was code for ` bit rundown , on the up , and people should visit because that 'll help ' . 
  it 's certainly the case with uk city of culture - hull has it , dundee , swansea and similar locations ( read regenerating but rundown ) were also in the running this year - and it was definitely the case when liverpool and glasgow had their time as european city of culture . 
  both benefited immensely and continue to improve , but for the blip with the recession . 
  really ? 
  the point is that when russia 's economy does well they ` bare their claws ' and become belligerent . 
  that belligerence knocks their economy off track and they retreat with their tails behinds heir leg , so to speak . 
  i do n't think you could say the same of , say , sweden or germany . 
  yes they have their boom-an-bust cycle but they do n't get belligerent when they 're doing well and they certainly do n't allow military adventurism to knock their economy off track . 
  well , that explains the ungodly racket from raf leuchars the other day . 
  for several hours solid , typhoon aircraft were flying overhead in the early evening of the tuesday . 
  i guess the offer was accepted . 
  really ? 
  the uk imports a third of its total supply from norway . 
  surely they ca n't be that undeveloped that it would take years to ramp up supply ? 
  language barrier problems . 
  in britain , what america calls ` gas ' is called ` petrol ' . 
  what britain calls ` gas ' is natural gas i.e. 
  that gas which is used to , inter alia , produce power , heat homes , and cook with . 
  [ this link shows that the price for natural gas has declined around a third since the ` shale revolution ' . 
  ] ( http://www.eia.gov/dnav/ng/ng_pri_sum_dcu_nus_a.htm ) the price for industrial users declined from usd9 .65 to usd3 .89 over the period ' 08 - ' 12 . 
  the price electrical companies paid for power generation purposes decline from usd9 .26 to usd3 .54 over the same period . 
  wellhead prices - i.e. 
  the price charged minus the cost of transportation - is down almost exactly two-thirds over that period , from usd7 .97 to usd2 .66 . 
  naturally , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  i just though you were being a little disingenuous in pointing out a treaty like that and not quoting the clause which removed all legal force from it . 
  there 's no way for nato states to not break the law and shirk their responsibilities if a nato state is attack . 
  it would be exceptionally easy for an eu member to elect not to intervene if an eu member was attacked , except where other treaties , like nato , apply . 
  basically , it 's difficult to say a defence union with no legal weight is a defence union . 
  i do n't think the lisbon provisions made intervention massively more likely as it all comes down to the political will to intervene ; electing not to is too easy . 
  ( although i tend to think that intervention would occur ) . 
   this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
  which is effectively made meaningless by that line . 
  all those states which maintain a policy of armed neutrality , i.e. 
  sweden and ireland , have an out from the beginning and basically any member state which is n't keen on it could trump up an excuse for not intervening . 
  it 's be nice to think it was meaningful but it was clearly a clause that was eviscerated to satisfy the concerns of a member state . 
  which is my point . 
  if the cities were planned more intelligently , it would happen . 
  americans allowed urban sprawl to happen , they 're now suffering the consequences . 
  there 's really no excuse for it other than bad policy . 
  the thing is , for the journeys typically made by bikes , the distances need n't be way longer ; they 're way longer because of conscious design choices focussing on the car . 
  that feeds into the obesity problem , more than obesity being the cause . 
  basically , americans do n't get an out merely by saying ` we 're a big country ' , it should t make a difference if the cities are planned intelligently . 
  it 's also a needless expense . 
  what are the benefits of everyone in the eu using the same socket ? 
  tourists do n't need to carry a converter plug ? 
  ok , so you 'll save , on the outside , 20eur on your trip to the uk . 
  that investment will then be useful for every other visit you make . 
  if you move to the uk , you can use those adapters or rewire a plug . 
  all in all , not much money or time investment compared to the over all moving costs . 
  i guess it makes life simpler for manufacturers but , well , not by much ; the uk standard plug is used in a more countries than just the uk , including some outside the eu . 
  so what 's the benefit ? 
  life 's a little simpler for tourists and migrants and manufacturers . 
  what 's the cost ? 
  well , a less safe system being implemented , and it 's not just fuses . 
  there are other built in safety features , like the shuttering system in the socket . 
  there 's also the conversion costs . 
  as a quick estimate , there are 25million homes in the uk , say a contractor can do the socket exchange in four hours for the entire house , at a relatively cheap rate of 20quid an hour you 're looking at # 2billion . 
  that excludes the materials . 
  that excludes the disposal costs for the current system . 
  basically , the costs do not outweigh the benefits even across the entire eu . 
  they definitely do not outweigh the benefits for those who would have to carry the cost of the conversion i.e. 
  the british , the irish , and the other member states that use that socket system . 
  just because it would have sold a problem , unsubstantiated as that problem was , it does n't mean that the policy was good , nor that they should intervene , nor that it was the best solution . 
  banning restaurants from having olive oil on the table , except from in a particular guise , prevents honest restaurants from doing as they want . 
  and for what ? 
  so people might not be mislead in a minor way ? 
  sure the problem would have been solved , except from where it was n't followed , but it 's very much a ) making a mountain out of a molehill and b ) taking a bazooka to kill a fly . 
  i 'm confused , how does transporting energy for others result in a major boon for an economy ? 
  i mean , ukraine is a major energy transporter but ... 
  that 's a nice refutation . 
  nice and ` neutrol ' . 
  what a laughable name .
