  scottish hockey now has a suitable home , with a proper venue to play at , and the village is now acting as a nucleus for affordable-housing development and regeneration in parts of the east end . 
  all in all , the cgs were a huge boon for glasgow and scotland more widely . 
  i 'm fairly sure they 're not going to ask for five . 
  phillip hammond , who is responsible for the renegotiation has said it 's unachievable . 
  the demand originated from a backbencher group called ` conservatives for britain ' and the cynic in me sees it as politicking than a genuine request . 
  that group wants to leave at pretty much all costs . 
  they 've made a demand that if it was passed would eventually kill the eu and that if they do n't get it they can present the renegotiations as a lose for cameron . 
  at the moment , the front benchers are trying to say why it 's a bad idea or unachievable , which is damaging to them . 
  it 's not cameron 's idea , it 's the idea of people who want out at all costs . 
  we do ? 
  the problem with the last set of polling was extrapolation of popular support to particular seats . 
  the popular support levels was pretty much dead on . 
  polling on referenda and things like that tend to be quite good . 
  you are being rude . 
  not to mention your confusing the eu with the euro . 
  they 're different and the current mess , far from being saved , of the southern ez economies can be traced to the structural flaws within the ez . 
  you ca n't have currency cover an area bigger than an optimal currency zone without having fiscal transfer to smooth the imbalances . 
  the outcome if you do n't is exactly what we see here . 
  what a frankly laughable assertion . 
  no , literally , i am laughing at you right now . 
  you 're running around being rude to me yet claiming portugal has been saved !, 
  what planet are you on ? 
  ok , you 're right . 
  the euro is perfect and you 're economy is ` saved ' because of the euro . 
   how do you think we got low interest rates on our bail out loans ? 
  why do we think we have an economy at all ? 
  if we were n't part of the euro or the eu why do you think you even needed bailed out in the first place ? 
  the structural flaws in the ez , that 's why . 
  not to mention , you could have just been in the eu without the currency . 
  you would have had your own currency to devalue , to maintain competitiveness ( rather than the weak portuguese economy dragging down the worth of the eur for germany ) , and the ability to pursue a rational monetary policy during the crisis ( allowing the worst of contractionary effects of austerity to be avoided or ameliorated ) . 
  tl ; dr you would n't have needed the bailouts if you had your own currency in the first place . 
  are you taking the piss ? 
  exactly what do you think the euro saved you from ? 
  the purdah rules , no ? 
  then again , they say it was basically a restatement of what had already been announced . 
  i 'm not sure i buy that , given what had bee announced was not in any meaningful way ` as close as possible to home rule ' . 
  there 's provably enough leeway to say that it was n't illegal . 
  that said , it was definitely underhanded and they 're failing go deliver on the promise . 
  have you seen southern europe ? 
  the eur is structurally flawed and is responsible for most of the mess . 
  if those countries had their own currency , they 'd not have 25 % unemployment , gdp at 75 % of their peak , and be days from defaulting . 
  the euro was a disaster because so-called europeans are not putting their money where their mouth is , to make it work . 
  the lords can also amend bills ( and in fact constitutional bills and the like are mostly amended and made solid in the hol , where very experienced legal minds can be brought to bear on the challenge ) . 
  and while you 're right that the hol can only delay bills with the hoc being able to push them through , the use of the parliament act 1911 to do so is very very rare . 
  the ability to push through legislation without the consent of the upper house has been used only 7 times in over 100 years ( cf. 
  400 defeats of the government in the hol between 1997 and 2007 ) it 's not politically popular for it to be used and it 's also very time consuming . 
  as such the hol still functions as am effective check on the hoc 's actions . 
  to quote from the research i 'm going to put forward as source at the end :  lords defeats over this period that were not reversed included limitations on control orders in the prevention of terrorism bill ( 2005 ) , blocking the offence of religious hatred ( 2001 ) , preventing limitation on trial by jury ( 2000 and 2003 ) and ensuring the office of lord chancellor was retained ( 2004 ) . 
  these were all high profile , but there are many others , for example , in the tax credits bill ( 2001 ) to require the chancellor to lay an annual report before parliament , in the adoption and children bill ( 2002 ) , to ensure that a child has legal representation during the adoption process , and in the higher education bill ( 2004 ) to ensure that student fees would not apply to students who were offered a university place in 2005 that they did not take up until 2006 . 
  an analysis of all 283 defeats over this period shows that only four out of 10 were completely reversed by the government , while the remainder were influential on the final outcome to some extent as regards the bishops , they 're basically irrelevant . 
  in the time frame mentioned above , their votes changed the outcome of the division a mere three times . 
  they 're small in number , non cohesive in ideology , and have a very high absentee/abstention rate . 
  as the research also points out , this ignores the differences in the proposals put forward by governments when they know it wo n't get passed the hol . 
  http://www.palgrave-journals.com/bp/journal/v2/n3/full/4200064a.html tl ; dr the popular perception of the hol as nothing more than a delaying chamber is very wrong . 
  for the first decade of the blair government , they defeated the government over 400 times and only in 40 % of times was that fully reversed . 
  the hol is far more influential than we generally think , but the theocratic aspects are small and verging on totally irrelevant . 
  how easy is it to acquire citizenship and can one retain their other citizenship if they naturalise ? 
  granting the right to vote to non citizens after ten years seems superfluous if they can relatively easily acquire citizenship within a similar time frame . 
   he main opponent of the spitzenkandidat approach and any other attempt to give more authority to directly elected eu bodies , like european parliament the main opposition to that system arose because it was seen as a power grab . 
  the european parliament effectively took a power away from the member states without them being authorised to do so , doing so by exploiting poorly worded treaties . 
  when it comes to democratisation , you ca n't just say ` the ends justify the means ' , especially when you 're trampling on the rights of sovereign entities . 
  ( and by the way , there was opposition to the change from other quarters too . 
  the only major difference was that , having cottoned on too late in the day to stop it , most member states just chose not to fight it . 
  cameron continued to fight it on principle , and was wrong-footed by merkel giving up on the fight and leaving him isolated . ), 
  in any case , the spitzenkandidat is basically just another back-room stitch up . 
  i would n't say it has any more legitimacy than member-state governments - all of whom possess clearer mandates than the european parliament due to turnout etc. 
  - nominating someone and the parliament approving it . 
  not to mention only around 7 % of germans even know who the candidate was for the epp , and that was in a country where the system was better advertised and discussed than almost everywhere else . 
  to go on a tangent , i think this conversation kind of highlights a number of perspective issues on / r/europe . 
  you say they 're being anti-democratic because they oppose a reform that is supposed to increase the democratic legitimacy of the eu , but you 're starting from the position that the reform does what it says on the tin . 
  maybe they do n't think it would work and maybe they were opposed on procedural grounds . 
  but no , they 're merely being ` undemocratic ; the same thing is happening with brits/british government being called anti-european . 
  no one is stepping back to consider that , maybe , the british government thinks the eu going down another path is what is best for europe . 
  ( specific examples would be the criticisms levelled against the uk for not wanting the ftt or the the asylum policies . 
  they 're opposed to them because they do n't think they 'll solve the problem but they 're called bad europeans for being against them ( see the germany satirical programme , and discussions thereof , that was posted about a week ago ) . 
  sadly , this is all to reminiscent of the worst parts of the scottish independence referendum . 
  no one is willing to take the time to consider the other side 's position and , instead , they 're just being given labels so they 're easier to dismiss . 
  ` anti democratic ' , ` anti european ' , ` anti-eu ' . 
  the world is n't black and white , and it 's not helpful to view it as such . 
  it depends , really . 
  if your country has policies that most align with the views of the uk , then the uk leaving is a disaster for you in terms of having a big player to help build alliances . 
  if you tend to align more with germany or france , then the uk leaving is good because they can more easily build alliances to pass their views in to law . 
  i think there are a bunch of small countries that would be wrong footed if the uk left . 
  i do n't know about finland , but sweden , denmark , and ireland are unlikely to be happy to go down a more ` germanic ' / ` gallic ' route than at the moment . 
  it was , was n't it ? 
  glad you agree . 
  fuel is cheap because they have n't raised fuel taxes since the 90s . 
  the relative value of the taxes raised has been eaten away by nearly two decades of inflation ; there 's a reason their highway fund is nearly bankrupt and their infrastructure is in a sorry state of repair . 
  fuel in america is only cheap because it 's not taxed like in ~ ~ europe ~ ~ virtually the rest of the world . 
   i am in favor of a unified 15 % vat is that a revenue neutral proposal or a number that ~ ~ you 've just pulled out of your ~ ~ made up for illustrative purposes ? 
  the steamed or the deep fried * sigh * version ? 
  you 'll be deeply disappointed by the scottish version , i imagine . 
  it 's position on this map is somewhat merited ( though i invasive since where probably does a good version in scotland ) . 
  i do n't know why you 're saying they do n't run permanent deficits then , when they clearly do ( even just on a state borrowing level they do but meh ) . 
  regardless , those type of fiscal transfers that happen in the states - which i 'm aware are mostly distributed to the individuals , they 're still fiscal transfers from one state to another - are the type that 's most likely to be implemented in the ez . 
  no one wants to sit around and negotiate just how much of a transfer greece needs this year or that . 
  far easier to just have an ez unemployment benefit , and similar projects . 
  maybe , until you see the rank pizza that they usually use for a ` pizza crunch ' . 
  honestly though , it 's weird that scotland gets that when black pudding is way more common - even just in chip shops ( yes it can be bought deep fried : / ) - and i ca n't see how that 's any better than frying a pizza . 
  if you strip out federal transfers , there are definitely states that consistently run huge deficits .
