  still , in the summer months , unless you 're in a rush , the tumble dryer goes unused and clothes horses and dry ping lines are stacked . 
  it might be more effort but , in terms of both energy savings and the smell of outdoor dryed linen , it 's worth it . 
  that 's not a source . 
  i 'm fairness , your argument does n't make sense . 
  the uk could maintain all of the funding levels the eu currently does and still have money left over to spend in the uk , all things remaining equal . 
  of course , not all things would stay the same but it does n't make sense to say ` throwing the money away ' . 
  the thing is , mr_snuggles , we are letting the workers decide for themselves right now ; it 's tantamount to just taking them as the difference in quality of life is so stark it 's a no brainer on a personal level , especially for the most skilled of the eastern member states ' workforces . 
  the system we have now is establishing some quite dangerous demographic trends in the east - poland is to lose 2.5 million people over the next 2 decades and is n't yet wealthy enough for that not to be problematic in the long run - and stoking tensions in the west ( possibly transitory and will abate after the economy is back in full swing ) . 
  in an ideal world perhaps the worker should get to choose but maybe we were too hasty in completely removing the controls ? 
  i believe the plan is for royal assent to be granted by march 2014 though i 've no idea when the vote is . 
  the first reading passed 98:19 or something like ; i 'm not concerned about the bill failing basically . 
  the map is marginally out of date as same-sex marriage is now legal in england and wales . 
  only unions are currently legal in scotland , though , but the bill is currently going through parliament and will undoubtedly pass . 
  so people keep hypothesising . 
  the spanish foreign minister , on the other hand says that the decision would be based on the mood of westminster at the time . 
  from similar statements he made in 2012 , one can suppose that he means spain will say it does not concern them if it is a consensual break up . 
  if , on the other hand , it is unilateral , like the as-yet-unrecognised-by-spain declaration of independence by kosovo , they would be more inclined to take a negative stance . 
  basically , given that spain has interests in scotland staying within the eu ( fishing rights being quite a big one for them ) , a ` consensual ' break up not establishing a precedent for catalonia , the precedent of seceding nations/regions having to reapply which would be established , and spain 's retention of a veto of catalonian accession would mean not-vetoing scotland does n't really carry any real disbenefits . 
  but yes , let 's keep repeating this theory despite the foreign minister of spain declaring it to be absolutely false and having issued several statements to the contrary on it for the past two years . 
  the uk would n't veto it . 
  there 's been absolutely no indication to the opposite and the edinburgh agreement essentially says they wo n't . 
  he 's talking about a different referendum , the 2017 uk eu membership one . 
  also , there 's no reason to believe scotland would , at any point , be outside the eu should a yes vote in the 2014 referendum happen . 
  barring a major sticking point in the negotiations , is the eu really not going to accept a new , net contributing , fully eu law compliant member state ? 
  the link displays the nominal value in euros , you can select for a cost-of-living adjusted link which shows a stagnating/small decline in the minimum wage for the uk . 
  and from this i can conclude that you have little idea about what you 're looking at . 
  in nominal terms the minimum wage plummeted adjusted to purchasing power terms , the minimum wage merely stagnated . 
  not great but pretty much par for the course in a recession . 
  the latter but it 's unlikely to go through . 
  in the first situation you described you would still be eligible for child benefit . 
  in the latter , you would only be entitled to child benefits from the polish government and not from the british government ( as is currently the case ) . 
  that does n't justify a difference in treatment between eea and non-eea , only equal treatment for everyone . 
  the why , i suppose , was targeted at the justification for the different treatment . 
  i would n't say you would need to . 
  the british government has things to pay for , it pays for them by levying taxes . 
  as a fiscal conservative it galls me to say this due to the connotations , but , the former should be given according to need and the latter according to the ability to pay . 
  the corollary of what i said before - that what you deserve back is n't based on what you 've paid in - is that the costs you ` incur ' should n't affect how much you need to pay in . 
  additionally , i imagine that it basically works out that the more expensive a country is to live in the more the government is likely to pay in child welfare . 
  therefore , provided double claiming is forbidden , it 's unlikely that high cost of living countries will have child welfare sent from another state but cheaper ones will be more likely to do so . 
  as to administrative nightmare , our ability to administer complex systems grows pretty much every day as computing power increases . 
  collecting the database of indices is pretty much already done and would only need updated once a year . 
  determining what the child was eligible for would only require a few questions - main address , school address once of age , name of guardian - and a few supporting documents - birth certificate , utility bill , school enrollment form - and then some automated checks could be introduced to flag possible abuses e.g. 
  it 's being sent to a polish account , and the child is registered as being home schooled ? 
  flag them up for review . 
  child is enrolled in a school in a region with a low index but lives in a high index region 25miles away ? 
  flag for review . 
  the system could work , i just do n't necessarily trust the government to put the system in place . 
  the thing is , it does n't matter . 
  the uk plummets , nominally , because the government pursued a policy of talking down the pound to increase export competitiveness . 
  that can lead to inflation , which gradually erodes quality of life , but it would be wrong to assume quality of life , or earnings , plummets in the uk vis-a-vis the other countries solely because of a quirk of exchange rates . 
  their ability to go over seas is hindered by not getting as many euros for their pound , but otherwise they 're unaffected . 
  average earnings have declined in the uk due to below inflation wage increases but the nominal exchange rate has little to do with that . 
  hence the difference between the eur and pps graphs . 
  i agree , nominal can be interesting , but i 'm not sure of the utility here . 
  it 's worse than it looks . 
  the map links to purely nominal terms and does n't take in to account the cost of living . 
  nominally the drop was 192.86 eur/month but , in terms of cost of living , it was 207.48 eur/month . 
  it 's nominal to the eur , hence the zig-zagging for the uk which just did n't happen . 
  the purchasing power standard - eurostat 's magical currency that is redeemable for the same basket of goods in all countries - however can be selected for at the bottom of the page on the left . 
  that gives you [ this map . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=ml9s8a132hlg_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=minimum_wage&amp;fdim_y=currency:eur&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country&amp;idim=country:pl:pt:cz:ee:fr:el:hu:ie:lv:lt:lu:mt:nl:be:bg:hr:ro:sk:si:tr:es:uk&amp;ifdim=country&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=minimum_wage&amp;fdim_y=currency:pps&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country&amp;idim=country:lu:lt:lv:ie:hu:el:fr:cz:ee:hr:bg:be:uk:tr:es:si:sk:ro:pt:pl:nl:mt&amp;ifdim=country&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) on that map a lot of the noise is eliminated and gives a more fair comparison of what the quality of life for those on minimum wage really is . 
  at the same time there are supposed to be parents paying taxes to support the polish government . 
  to snaffle the tax payers away to the uk and leave the polish government to support their services with a higher dependency ratio than might otherwise exist is n't very fair . 
  i think they 're both far off from what is ` fair ' , cameron 's move is ever farther from being fair though . 
  sikorski explains why cameron 's position is unfair rather succinctly so i 'll try and explain why sikorski 's position is unfair . 
  if you start from the basic fact that the welfare system is design to give everyone the help they need , and that 's not necessarily linked to the amount they 've paid in , then not everyone should be getting equal payments . 
  i see no reason why that should not extend to child benefit . 
  within the uk the needs of children do n't vary much , in monetary terms i mean , so a single level of childcare benefit within the uk is acceptable ( at least not for what the child welfare is intended to fund ) . 
  given the difference in cost of living between eu states , however , it is not clear why the payment should be equal across the eu . 
  mr cameron is attaching on to the inherent unfairness of us providing a better quality of life for non-uk domiciled children ( ok it 's really because they 're not british but it 's irrelevent ) than the government provides for british-domiciled children . 
  what is the solution that balances the responsibility for the tax-receiving government to pay for services with the responsibility to give only what is needed ? 
  i 'd propose a system of cost-of-living adjusted payments . 
  there 's a standard rate , # x , which is then modified by a cost-of-living multiplier . 
  better statistics could be used , such as cost-of-living indices from eurostsat , but for demonstration purposes i 'll use [ these . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp ) poland-domiciled children would get # 0.5564 x , romanian ones # 0.5184 x , and danish # 1.19 x. 
  i feel that would be compliant with eu law but in case it was n't , such that it could be made eu compliant , a similar system could be implemented across the uk . 
  the ons already collects cost-of-living indices so they could probably easily compile one based on the ` basket of goods ' a child would need and use that . 
  does it reduce the spend on child welfare ? 
  maybe not - depending on the distribution of dependents throughout the country and eu and how the system is abused - but it should reduce the anger at the unjustness of the current system of payments . 
  honestly , i 'd hope this was the direction cameron was going with this and his opening statements were just his opening position . 
  he must realise the things he 's asking for are unattainable , he is , despite how much people hate him , very highly educated and intelligent . 
  to my mind , there 's a slightly different meaning to the two question , ` where do you stay ? ', 
  versus ` where are you staying ? ', 
  the former is more about a permanent residence , the latter has an implication of impermanence . 
  for example , imagine an aberdonian visiting glasgow . 
  he might be asked ` where do you stay ' , answer ' i stay in aberdeen ' and receive the follow up ` so where are you staying then ? ', 
  answered with ` at my mate 's flat ' . 
  while i think there are components of the current set up where a re-negotiation and reformation is necessary , if he pushes caps on free-movement in any meaningful way i do n't think he 'll be able to get it . 
  it 's anathema to the common market . 
  not to mention it 's going to be somewhat useless for the foreseeable future ; there are almost no new large countries going to be joining the eu soon and even then they 'll then be subject to nearly a decade of restrictions . 
  bit silly really . 
  i do n't think anybody thinks the eu is the same as europe ; it 's just common shorthand to substitute them in headlines and also gets rid of the need for the '' the ' ( the eu ) . 
  additionally , it 's rare for any survey of europe to list every country ; it 's still accurate to say ` europe ' in those cases . 
  just because the area sampled happens to be coterminous with the eu , does n't mean saying ` europe ' is inaccurate or unacceptable . 
  what ? 
  traditionally it would be a steak pie in scotland , something heavy to prepare for another night of festivities . 
  i made the family a cider-roasted leg of lamb though , potato gratin , buttered peas , honey glazed carrots , with a lamb and onion gravy instead . 
  but if the majority of the costs are in the country , and only part of it is imported , the relative cost for foreign buyers will decline . 
  it 's a fallacy to assume that the increase in import costs must be exactly the same as the decrease in internal costs . 
   slandered it 's not slander if it 's true .
