  despite the poor weather conditions , some 4000 people are said to have participated in the march , now in it 's 18th year . 
  there have been some calls for the government to use the commonwealth games to highlight the problems with homophobic throughout the commonwealth , with the glasgow-based broadsheet , the sunday herald , prominently featuring a rainbow flag on it 's front page alongside other games emblems . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-28364271 scotland dominated spending on healthcare infrastructure in the uk , with over half of contracts from the entire uk being based in scotland . 
  a similar trend is seen in educational infrastructure where a quarter of all uk contracts were signed in scotland . 
  this is despite the scottish population being only 8.3 % of the uk population . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-28374546 a report has been published showing that the scottish economy is being held back by the uncertainty surrounding its constitutional future . 
  it is speculated that , if the referendum returns a still-predicted no vote , scotland will enjoy a period of heightened investment and growth well above the uk average as delayed projects are implemented in the wake of the decreasing uncertainty . 
  this position is disputed by the pro-independence business for scotland who state that scotland 's economy has improved in the run up to the referendum , with employment , gdp , and inward investment all at record highs . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-28360366 the largest ethane storage facility in europe is to be constructed at the grangemouth petrochemical facility , grangemouth , between edinburgh and stirling , following a loan guarantee from the uk government for # 230m . 
  it is said to be one of the most important infrastructure projects in scotland and will boost manufacturing figures as a whole . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-tayside-central-28331545 two cameroonian wrestlers were reported as missing from their aberdeen training base where they were preparing for the commonwealth games . 
  one of them has been traced to london . 
  this follows a similar event at the 2012 london olympics where 7 team members also disappeared . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-28359305 funding for a new oil and gas regulator was announced this week , with the package said to be worth # 3m pay for the next five years . 
  the new regulator will be based in aberdeen , said to be the oil capital of europe . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-28329472 scotland is said to lack the means to boost productivity in the event of independence , despite having what is said to be the most educated workforce in europe , due to the prevalence of low-paid jobs . 
  the tourism industry was highlighted as the main culprit , employing 400,000 people but with a per capita gva 25 % below the scottish-economy average . 
  http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/scotland-lacks-means-to-boost-productivity-1-3482307 edit : just realised there is some duplication between the top comment and this one . 
  both duplicates add extra information so i 'll leave them in . 
  even a cursory glance at the wikipedia pages shows well-cited examples of alternative names from the classical era . 
  picking one in particular , one that suits your current views , is disingenuous at best . 
  in any case , names for things attain political meanings , change , alter , and are scrapped . 
  it so happens that in this case , for some people , the name has political meaning and so they would rather scrap the name . 
  just because for you it is uncontroversial , it does n't mean it is n't for others . 
  nothing compels you to use an inoffensive name but , at the same time , when you 're dealing with others , it 's respectful to not conduct yourself in a way that offends them . 
  typically i will use the term the ` british isles ' since it 's one that , for most people i interact with , is not offensive . 
  if i 'm interacting with an irish person , i skirt the entire debate and possible offence by using an other name , historical precedence or no . 
  most people in the world have probably never given it a second thought . 
  just as an fyi , ` not everyone ' doing something does n't preclude ' a lot of people ' doing the opposite . 
  certainly i do n't know many irish who would be happy in having the entire archipelago referred to as the ` british isles ' , even if most british people actually do do so . 
  that 's not true . 
  the national institute at the russian academy of sciences found that 25 % of the country was obese with 55 % suffering from excessive weight issues . 
  this was in 2012 . 
  in comparison , that 's only marginally lower than the rates found in the uk . 
  it 's not true to say russia does not have an obesity crisis . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  i got back from work on monday , did a load of housework , did a bit of diy , had dinner with my family , and had time to watch a movie with my bother , and then do some reading before bed . 
  an enjoyable and productive six hours . 
  my day was not fucked , though obviously not as free if i were not working . 
  my family used to have a routine , several years back , where we would all go out for dinner on a thursday night for dinner . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree their days were fucked by work . 
  tl ; dr six hours is a long time from getting home to going to bed . 
  you can do a lot in it . 
  they 're running from the 23 july to the 3 august . 
  prices will be extortionate while they 're on . 
  if you were suggesting going , tickets are mostly sold out now so it would be difficult to go even if you wanted to . 
  there are some cultural festivals on-going at the same time so the city should be a cool place to be during the games but that wo n't help with the price . 
  glasgow is a good shout , though not during the commonwealth games if you 're looking for a cheap break . 
  there are a lot of free museums , like the kelvingrove , the new ( - ish ) transport museum , the people 's palace , the hunterian , the burrell collection and so on . 
  there are also a lot of free tours , such as of the very grand city chambers . 
  the necropolis is also very pretty , if a bit morbid , and has great views with the advantage of being quite close to the cathedral . 
  some of the major parks are very nice , like the glasgow green which has a microbrewery just on the edge of it as well as being near to the city centre . 
  kelvingrove park is the prettiest , and you 'd have to walk through it or see it to visit the main university building ( which is very pretty ) and the kelvingrove museum ( prettier from the back ) . 
  there 's usually a lot of comedy shows , live music , and plays on , as well as some quirky things like bard in the botanical ( shakespeare in the city 's botanical gardens ) and play , pie and pint at lunchtimes where you get a pie , a pint , and tickets to watch a play for surprisingly little money . 
  in terms of nightlife , glasgow 's is the best in scotland ( hand 's down ) and one of the best in the uk/northern europe . 
  reasonably priced , good djs , friendly people . 
  the gay club 's are also good , though a bit sub-par compared to the rest of the nightlife . 
  mostly straight friendly too . 
  if you 're in to shopping , glasgow has the second-best offering outside london in the entire uk . 
  if you 're on a budget , it 's maybe not for you but buchannan street , sauchiehall street , argyle street , ingram street , and the surrounding areas will have everything from designer , to the high street , to poundland and charity shops . 
  restaurants , you 'll need to investigate to get good quality and prices . 
  a lot of middle restaurants charge high end prices and most cheap places will tend to be crap . 
  if you 're vegetarian or vegan , there are a lot of restaurants specifically suited for you and many general restaurants also cater to your needs . 
  for seven days though , glasgow might run out of things you want to do ( there 's certainly enough to fill the whole time up though if you branch out of your usual things ) . 
  in that case , loch lomond is a quick train ride away as is edinburgh , in the opposite direction . 
  edinburgh is probably too expensive for the entire trip . 
  ps glasgow has a bad reputation . 
  ignore it . 
  as a tourist you will not be bothered so long as you do n't actively look for trouble . 
  it 's somewhat hard to end up in the rough areas of the city without realising , long before , that 's where you 're headed . 
  pps glasgow is n't as in-your-face pretty as edinburgh . 
  you have to look up at the buildings to appreciate their victorian grandeur . 
  copenhagen is not as expensive as you make it seem , at least not for alcohol . 
  i got ten , admittedly only 20ml , shot for 99dkk . 
  i 'd say copenhagen is more like london prices , you can pay 7eur for a pint , or more , if you 're not careful but , a bit of looking around , and you 'll find it much cheaper . 
  restaurants , on the other hand , are very expensive unless you want to eat in a chain . 
  they 'll look cheap but then they trap you e.g. 
  madklubben where the menu looks cheap but everything but one item charges a surplus . 
  and it 's a fiver for a bottle of beer !, 
  the long and short of it is , though , you 're right . 
  copenhagen is n't really for you if you want cheap . 
  that ... does n't make sense . 
  i think we 're comparing two different sets of data here . 
  while the data set i looked at showed the gap being larger in absolute terms than the world bank data you 're citing , even your data set shows the gap getting larger from 2013 to 2014 , not smaller . 
  the gap , of course , narrowed from 2012 to 2013 in the wb data but only after a fairly large one being opened up from 2011 to 2012 . 
  looking at future predictions , the current estimates are for the uk to enjoy faster growth rates contra brazil . 
  looking at what 's happening at the predictions too , the uk 's are being revised upwards while brazil 's are being revised downwards . 
  i do n't think it 's that hard to imagine that the uk could open up a gap over the next few years that could then take several years for brazil to close . 
  of course , a lot of this is currency fluctuations . 
  the brl got very strong during the crisis , as a result of the loose monetary policy in the us and its economy being heavily based on commodities , while the uk also pursued a very loose monetary policy . 
  as the gbp gets stronger , and it 's on a bit of a run at doing that at the moment , recently crossing the 1.70 usd mark for the first time since 2008 , the currency rates are only going to amplify the nominal gdp difference . 
  in ppp , which are n't that useful for comparing actual countries as opposed to how individuals experience the economy , brazil 's economy has been larger for some time . 
  even in ppp , the uk economy is narrowing the gap again . 
  i 'd say this : the current trends for the uk and brazilian economies are such that the gap will widen over the next few years . 
  that gap will be enough to mean that , even with reversed trends beyond the time period that we we can relatively accurately predict , it 's a safe bet that the uk 's nominal gdp will remain larger until 2020 ( six years away ) . 
  in three years , if the trends remain broadly similar , the gap that opens up could well take a decade or more for brazil to close without serious reforms or a serious crash in the uk . 
  what 's stupid about this one ? 
  and are you trying to tell me that similar articles do n't exist in other countries in europe ? 
  let me tell you , i speak two continental european languages , both of them publish those ` self congratulatory ' articles . 
  brazil 's economy is six hundred billion dollars smaller than the uk 's .
