   cigarettes , alcohol there is reason , i believe , to think that cigarettes and alcohol are significantly more detrimental to the health and well being of those who are under the age of 18 . 
  given that it 's entirely consistent with other legislation where we ban people from ingesting other dangerous chemicals even when they are over a certain age , i do n't see the issue with that . 
  the 16 year old cut off has been snp policy for literally decades . 
  it 's also something that i think the lib dems have been pushing for . 
  it 's not ` salmond 's ' policy , so ruling it out because it 's his is dumb on at least two levels . 
  and literally what you 're saying right now is , implicitly when you call it gerrymandering , ` we should n't let this group of people vote because they vote a certain way ' . 
  that 's not a sound reason to deny people the vote . 
   and the armed forces argument is bullshit as no one under 18 gets deployed maybe , but they 're still old enough to get married , have children , and so ( without their parent 's permission , in scotland ) and a bunch of other things that require more awareness and responsibility than making an informed voting choice . 
  so even if you think you 've sunk one part of the argument , which i 'd argue you have n't , there 's still way more to it . 
  it 's a colloquialism . 
  it 's not incorrect . 
  it is n't ambiguous because they said ` country ' . 
  it 's pseudo-pedantry to correct colloquialisms and common practice , since it ignores how language actually functions . 
  have you read the mutual defence part of the treaties . 
  it is meaningless . 
  sweden , ireland , and finland might have people go their defence but they are under no obligation , having a foreign policy of neutrality , to go to anyone else 's defence . 
  ( it was actually one of the things ireland got assurances on following the defeat of lisbon in the first referendum ) . 
  i do n't know if you 're saying that more generally or if you 've misunderstood what the phrase ` break with rome ' means . 
  it does n't really have anything to do with the roman empire , as such . 
  instead , it refers to the english reformation and the splitting away from ` catholicism ' by henry viii . 
  no , nato would not be triggered by such an action . 
  that is n't to say we should n't help but there 's no legal obligation to . 
  both of those are very unlikely . 
  to not hold a referendum would deplete a lot of political capital for the conservatives and the backbenchers would be furious . 
  picking a blatantly unfair question would probably be ever worse . 
  looking at the way the scottish independence referendum was carried out , frankly i would n't worry about cameron being underhanded with the handling of the referendum . 
  ( the actual campaigning though , that could be dirty ) . 
  yes . 
  and if they do n't , and it 's only because of incompetence and laziness , that does n't put them on any sort of moral high ground . 
  in the british press , and perhaps more widely but i 'm unsure , the use of ` quotes ' in titles is used to indicate that they 're reporting a claim from another source and/or someone 's opinion . 
  here , the telegraph is reporting that the austrian public broadcaster , orf , is reporting that there 's a secret listening post . 
  if you go to bbc news website , you 'll see a tonne of examples . 
  i say this because i assume you think the ` great air quotes ' are being used to imply that it 's not true ? 
  that is n't the case here . 
  no , we do have a constitution . 
  it is just not codified . 
  it is technically incorrect to say that we have no constitution and , certainly , every law student takes courses in uk constitutional law ( can you study something that does n't exist ? ), 
  the real thing that sets it apart is the lack of entrenchment . 
  there are no requirements for super majorities or referenda or cooling off periods . 
  that is the parliamentary sovereignty problem . 
  it allows a lot of fluidity and reforming but it also relies on trusting the reformers . 
  these things are kind of hard to quantify and , every time it gets posted , there are ( justifiable ) criticisms of the methodology used . 
  that 's maybe what 's going on here . 
  some of the problems are attributed to a lack of accounting for how constitutions work . 
  the dutch constitution prevents discrimination automatically for example , but it has in the past lost marks for not having it stated explicitly . 
  there 's also the argument about how you balance free speech against hate speech and whether or not ` hate crimes ' are a fair concept . 
  or it could be that a better post for / r/europe would be a map with the rankings on it . 
  i stopped off in copenhagen for several days when i was driving to sweden last summer . 
  i 'd say that what sets their population apart is they have a large fraction of genuinely really hot people , and they have few real tragic cases . 
  in the middle , they 're pretty comparable in attractiveness to most of continental europe . 
  having spent a protracted period of time in sweden , and also since i go to a university that is swarming with ( in many cases , outrageously ) wealthy scandinavians , i think the same about most scandinavian countries . 
  thinking back to the middle-aged people that i saw in denmark/sweden , i 'll stand by my point that helle is above average looking . 
  ( having just now looked at pictures of her from her earlier years , i 'd also add that she got better with age . 
  she was quite average/goofy looking when she was younger ) . 
  but it 's all personal opinion and i stand by mine . 
  i know what he was trying to do , but that also does n't mean he did n't mean it . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11259473/david-cameron-im-ready-to-lead-britain-out-of-europe-if-migrant-reforms-fail.html he did , or something to that effect . 
   supposed to be that cameron is somehow trying to steer the uk towards leaving the eu if you take it at the more abstract level , i think it 's fair . 
  cameron 's ( faux ) euroskepticism , and his campaign pledges , are taking us closer to brexit than would otherwise be the case . 
  it may not be his preferred final destination but the course he 's charted might take us there anyway . 
  i thought he said he 'd join the betteroffout side if he could n't suitably renegotiate the terms of the treaty . 
  for a 48 year old ? 
  no , she 's not ` pretty average ' . 
  and she 's especially above average compared to most other politicians . 
  they do n't tend to be that good looking , after decades of long hours , high stress environments , and lots of travel with consequentially poor diets . 
   i just find it ironic because scotland is allowed to vote on laws that only concern england , but not vice versa . 
  frankly , that 's the fault of the english . 
  they had the chance to have regional assemblies but they blew it by thoroughly voting it down . 
  in hindsight , that was bloody mental of them . 
  it meant the only way forward was asymmetric devolution and that 's not really fair . 
  it 's also not fair on scotland because it means that scotland 's budget still gets set based on english-spending levels . 
  scottish mps are put between a rock and a hard place because of the way the system functions . 
  they either vote on what would otherwise be a devolved matter , without having an electorate holding them to account for it , or they do n't vote on something that has an effect on scotland 's budget . 
  naturally , they have to consider their own constituents first . 
  as a benefit for the snp winning so much , by the way , there are now only three mps that will routinely vote on english-only matters from scotland . 
   i honestly think the best solution for the uk would be federalization of some sort . 
  yup , but it 's hard to see it happening with the conservatives in charge . 
  they want to turn westminster into a quasi-english parliament and it 's going to have horrendous constitutional implications . 
   8.4 % yup , it 's closer to 8.3 % because england is growing more quickly but close enough . 
   i see they have 52 of the 600 representatives , which is 8.6 % . 
  looks ok to me . 
  the 2013 boundary review was never implemented . 
  ( internal coalition politicking where the conservatives scrapped house of lords reform and the libdems refused to help pass the boundary reform that would have helped the conservatives ) . 
  the number of seats stands at 650 , as in 2010 . 
  scotland has 59 of those seats , so a share of 9.1 % . 
  8.3 % to 9.1 % does n't strike me as being that bad . 
  assuming the number of seats was constant at 650 , it has roughly three or four seats too many for the population . 
  when you consider geography , ( huge rural areas and several distinctive island communities ) , it can pretty much be justified . 
  the only way to make it proportionate to england , within that framework , would be by enlarging the areas of the already-large central belt constituencies . 
  personally , i think it 's grievance seeking to complain about that when there are far greater ` injustices ' perpetrated against the english in the current framework ( the west lothian question , which he mentions ) . 
  firstly , scotland 's population is around 8.4 % of the population last i checked . 
  it has 9.1 % of the seats . 
  an exact proportional number of seats would see it reduced from around 59 to 56 seats . 
  when you consider geography , and the nature of fptp and the intention to be electing local champions , it 's not really skewed in scotland 's favour at all . 
  and secondly , fairer really has nothing to do with whether scotland has advantages or disadvantages at the moment . 
  they wanted politics to be more representative , fairer , and did n't see it happening in westminster . 
  whadoyaknow , electoral reform is now off the table for at least five more years in one of the least representative result in memory . 
  to be honest , i think you took the word ` fairer ' in the wrong sense or read it as ` better deal for us ' . 
  they simply campaigned on a fair , i.e. 
  more representative , voting and electoral system for a post independence scotland ( obviously as part of a wider plan ) .
