  costs per treatment are capped and costs per item are also fixed . 
  if the figures you 're quoting are accurate for care , the costs are much lower in scotland . 
  similarly , eye tests can be had for free in scotland for everyone . 
  certain groups of people are eligible for vouchers and subsidies towards glasses and such . 
   british guardian moralising oh shut up with your knee-jerk anglophobia . 
  it is n't the british that are protesting this , that would be the residents of barcelona . 
  the british press are just reporting this as , i imagine , the press in other countries are . 
  why do n't you refute the article rather than relying on simplistic and dull ad-hominem attacks . 
  if he 's so useless it should be rather easy , no ? 
  the uk 's iso country code is gb . 
  i 'd wager it stems from that . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong but i would n't imagine the council tax rebate is included . 
  for the uk , i 'd guess it would be those on housing benefits or those who were resident in council ( or housing association ) housing that would be included . 
  student pay market-rate rents ( or above due to hmo regulations and the scarcity of hmo flats ) when they rent a flat out . 
  there are actually a surprisingly large number of smartphones and devices which are capable of using both systems and you 're just not aware you have one e.g. 
  iphones since the 4 and samsung galaxy ranges and such . 
  the reason so many phones have this functionality is that russia charges a 25 % import duty on smartphones with gps but without glonass . 
  so you 're sticking with the fact that words evolve ? 
  good to know . 
  you are aware that is what your implicitly accepting when you use bigot to mean xenophobia , right ? 
  as to the rest of my comment , there are three categories of people who would find it yawn inducing : those with no interest in linguistics ; those without the intellectual capacity to understand they 're wrong and accept it ; and those who 've seen similar conversations about linguistics and are tired of seeing people like you being proven wrong over and over again . 
  you seem fall into the later two categories . 
  it 's possible you fall in to the first but its difficult to decide . 
  one the one hand you 're running your mouth about it , indicating you have an interest , but , on the other , you seemingly have no idea understanding of it . 
  that would be strange for someone who was interested in it . 
  you 're a total enigma ... 
  you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  language does not work the way you think it does . 
  words change and evolve all the time and that is not wrong . 
  the word ` bigot ' originally meant  a religious hypocrite ; ( also ) a superstitious adherent of religion . 
  not exactly the definition you 're looking for , is it ? 
  but the word has grown , and evolved , and another definition in the oed is :  in extended use : a fanatical adherent or believer ; a person characterized by obstinate , intolerant , or strongly partisan beliefs . 
  oh wait , also not the definition you put forward . 
  in fact , none of the entries contain your definition an no native speaker would understand that was what you meant ( and is ergo not a correct definition of the word , rather than the lack of the entry in the oed ) . 
  the actual word you 're looking for , i think , is ` xenophobe ' ( one with a ' a deep antipathy to foreigners ' ) . 
  that would be a word to express discrimination against people based on ethnicity or nationality , without using the more common word , ` racism ' . 
  another example of a word that now means something totally different , due to the definition changing within the native-speaking community , is ` gay ' . 
  previously it meant :  bright or lively-looking , esp . 
  in colour ; brilliant , showy . 
  it was n't until the 1970s that , as a word , it began to mean a homosexual , though it has a history of being used that way dating back to 1920s america . 
  are you going to tell me that you reject that word too and you refuse to recognise that as what the word means now ? 
  i highly doubt that 's the case . 
  you 're wrong . 
  racism can mean discrimination against people from an other ethnicity or of a different nationality . 
  the word may have started as being specifically about race but the meaning has grown and been extended . 
  source , the oed . 
  ( which is a little more respected that ` reference.com ' . 
   the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics , abilities , or qualities specific to that race , especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races . 
  hence : prejudice and antagonism towards people of other races , esp . 
  those felt to be a threat to one 's cultural or racial integrity or economic well-being ; the expression of such prejudice in words or actions . 
  ** also occas . 
  in extended use , with reference to people of other nationalities ** . 
  from a linguistics perspective , that fact that a large number of native speakers of english use the word that way , and that it 's commonly understood even if some other native speakers would wish that they used a different word or consider it to be wrong , means that is what the word now means . 
  it 's unscientific pseudo-pedantry to try and pretend any differently . 
  ` what about this and what about that , yeah , i 'm going to ignore my own problems just because you also have problems . ', 
  says / u/cnytyo . 
  it is indeed . 
  i was giving some friends a tour of glasgow and we were waiting in a train station and i got them to try and pronounce it . 
  obviously , they could n't . 
  for those wondering , it 's pronounced ` mull-guy ' . 
  as a child it was funny . 
  i always thought ` mull guy ' and milngavie were different places . 
  takes a while to cotton on if no one points it out to you . 
  reddit can be good and it can be bad . 
  it allows you to create a bubble where you only read things you 're likely to agree with . 
  in any case , i 've never seen any evidence that the uk wants immigrants to leave . 
  the general population want lower immigration rates which , when placed in context is a position that easy to appreciate . 
  i think they 're wrong but the idea that you 've got about the british people is horrendously off base . 
  i know you 're joking but ... 
  even if scotland became independent , which looks increasingly and increasingly unlikely , it would n't become england 's parliament . 
  it would remain the parliament of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , or whatever the continuing state decided to call itself . 
  it would still govern wales , and northern ireland and so it would be incorrect to call it england 's parliament . 
  and if you want to talk about devolution , frankly , we 're politically light years away from any concerted and successful campaign for devolution to england . 
  for a whole host of reasons , devolution to a regional level ( or my preferred option of multi-regional devolution ) ( basically federalisation without the sovereignty of the states in the us ) is more likely than the introduction of the constitutional imbalances you would see with there being a parliament representing going on 55 million people from a total of 65 million people . 
   england england does n't have a parliament * side eye * . 
  i wrote out a long , opinionated comment here and then deleted it . 
  i think it will take us too far off course and lead to unrelated comments . 
  the long and short of the comment , however , was that it 's likely to be a no vote , though closer than polls are currently showing . 
  ( unless something major happens in the next month and a bit . ), 
  you 've pictured the house of lords , the uk 's upper/revising chamber , rather than the house of commons for the uk 's image . 
  the hoc is the democratically-elected , law-making , chamber and can over rule the hol , though it 's ( relatively ) rarely done . 
  the rest of your pictures seem to picture the lower/most important chamber . 
  it 's probably the opening of parliament and it 's a picture of the house of lords ( the red leather seats are the massive give away , they 're green in the hoc ) . 
  it 's kind of strange to pick the hol considering that , from what i can gather , the rest of the images are of lower houses . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/23/house_of_commons.jpg ) and image of the house of commons . 
  the uk does n't need mistral class ships . 
  they ca n't function as aircraft carriers and , basically , that 's the major gap the uk currently has . 
  the amphibious assault forces of the uk are pretty top-notch at the moment . 
  glasgow 's subway has an interesting history . 
  it is the world 's third oldest subway , behind the london underground and the budapest metro . 
  that 's not as odd as it sounds as , due to the industrial revolution , and a resultant explosion in population , glasgow was the fourth city in moder-times europe to surpass a million persons in size i.e. 
  glasgow was a lot more important , relatively , then than now . 
  of course , as a product of its times , the subway had to be constructed with the technology of the times . 
  that meant , with the solid rock under the city , and the limited technology , economies had to be made , namely that tunnels built were very narrow . 
  the narrowness of the tunnels necessitates , obviously , narrow train sets . 
  on the subject of the trainsets , the carriages built in the 1880s for the subway were still in use , with midlife upgrades obviously ( notably being upgrade from cable-hauled to electric traction in ' 35 ) , until the late 1970s , just shy of a century . 
  the replacements are now , themselves , in the process of being replaced as part of a # 350m upgrade of the entire sysem , which is seeing stations refurbished , a new smart card ticketing system rolled out , and the installation of platform screen doors , new escalators and various other projects to improve the over-all quality of the service . 
  a lot of those projects were completed in advance of the , recently finished , commonwealth games but much of the project is to be completed over the next few years . 
  on a side note , you 'll often see the name ` the clockwork orange ' used to refer to the subway . 
  it is only called this by non-glasgow , usually london-based , media .
