  that gap is equal magnitude to somewhere between the entire economy of iran ( 552b usd ) and switzerland ( 631b usd ) . 
  the uk is undergoing some pretty dramatic population growth at the moment , and growing strongly generally , i do n't think it 's impossible , and neither do pwc , that the uk can stay ahead of brazil into 2030 . 
  i 'll eat my pants if the uk only grows 2.2 % this year . 
  it 's already grown 1.56 % this half , 0.7 % in the first and 0.8 % in the second quarter . 
  that would mean it would only need to grow another 0.6 % in the second half to reach over 2.2 % . 
  to put that in perspective , that 's under 0.3 % a quarter , less than half the growth rate seen in the first two quarters . 
  oh , and the oecd agrees also agrees with that and are predicting 3.2 % growth for the uk in 2014 . 
  what set of outdated statistics are you looking at where the uk will only grow 2.2 % over 2014 ? 
  the uk 's soft spot for russia ? 
  the relationship between the british government and the russian government is entirely loveless and downright frosty at times . 
  what makes you think the uk has a soft spot for russia . 
  osbourne even came out in large above-inflation increases to try and recoup the difference that was eroded in the recession years . 
  there 's been little movement on that but the minimum wage is based in recommendations by the low wage commission so it 's not entirely up to him . 
  clever politics really ... 
  the fact does n't stand though . 
  you said it was more transparent than any of the national parliament , i cited a reason that made it less so and indicated that the freedom of information surrounding the ep was at least matched by the british parliament . 
  all parliament should have that but your initial assertion was too sweeping . 
  calling someone a hypocrite is definitely insulting . 
  everyone 's a hypocrite , at least in some regards , but pointing it out is ... impolite to say the least . 
  in this case , though , it betrays the fact that he name called has n't fully understood the argument that was advanced by the other side . 
  ( and i 'm not a eurosceptic , btw ), 
  for the uk . 
  theyworkforyou.com seems to cover a lot , or most , of what is available on votewatch.eu . 
  ( at least at a quick glance ) . 
  it 's not ran by the parliament , it 's an independent charity , but it does rely on aggregating the information they publish . 
  i ca n't find information about votewatch but it does seem to be an independent project too . 
  the uk parliament also releases a transcript . 
  the transcript can be found on theyworkforyou as far back as 1935 but i think the official hansard predates then by a decade or two . 
  private companies also published the reports of debates as for a lot of the 19th century . 
  there are also video recordings of all debates in the chamber , all debates in westminster hall , all ( i think ) select committee hearings , and probably more . 
  it 's most easily accessed through the bbc democracy live site . 
  there 's probably a longer archive on the bbc site but you 'll also find a searchable archive on the uk parliament site . 
  ps i 'm not really going to address the rest of your comment , it 's late and here is n't the place , but before sling insults and calling hypocrisy you should at least try and understand their reasoning . 
  if you understood what they were saying , because there is some logic to it , you would n't think it was hypocritical . 
  you can disagree with their position and preferences but respectful disagreement is a long way away from the silliness of name calling . 
  as far as i 'm aware , all the official material from eurostat - which means here 's been a lot of posts on here from them - will use el as the abbreviation . 
  it stems from its official name : hellenic republic . 
  it 's also the official iso abbreviation for greece , so it should n't be that much of an issue for people to check and de-confuse themselves if it does confuse them . 
   you can call me whatever i want , i do n't give a damn . 
  i do care about you putting words in my mouth . 
  you can use `` you '' to not mean me specifically but i ca n't ? 
  you clearly were n't , unless you were saying all of europe ( which is the only plausible alternative to meaning specifically me given the context ) are idiots with no idea what they 're talking about . 
  on a more practical level , since you ca n't differentiate between the two , probably best that you do n't use them . 
   you never answered my point either . 
  which is that in the current political climate any attempt at legislation will result in a large and armed group of people feeling that they are being persecuted . 
  i was going to , but it 's pretty absurd . 
  you 're trying to imply your government is barely one step above a failed state ; unable to legislate what is required to reduce high murder rates and gun crime statistics for fear of an insurrection . 
  you do realise that 's what you 're effectively saying , right ? 
  that the us government is too weak to govern . 
  it 's farcical . 
   that 's the reality of the situation and it 's easy to sit on your computer in europe and explain to us all these simple solutions . 
  i may be in europe but , frankly , you have no idea of my exposure to america or americans . 
  i have many american friends , interact with many more on a daily basis , having american family ( both naturalized and by birth ) , family in the us military , and a large exposure to us culture both from frequent visits and through the dominance of it on the internet and media . 
  you can try and say i 'm too distant to understand what i 'm talking about but , in reality , that 's just a way for you to try and shut out what you do n't want to hear . 
  us gun control can be stepped up ; saying it ca n't because the government is too scared of its people is just a twisted perception of reality that circulates back to justify the earlier quotes you made . 
  i really just do n't see that it has any basis in reality . 
  in any case , what kind of stupidity is it to come in to an / r/europe thread , where the question is what europeans think of us gun laws , and then call them all stupid ? 
  ps  i do n't give a damn you obviously do , otherwise you would n't be so defensive . 
  pps you conveniently dodged my point about democracy not requiring armed defenders and went straight to name slinging . 
  care to tackle that point , without glibisms from the mouth of dead men . 
  that 's a bit of a sweeping statement . 
  what does the european parliament make available that the british parliament does ? 
  also , while the trilogue is the process that bills are passed through , virtually every parliament in the eu is going to have a more transparent process . 
  someone needs to learn the difference between ` you ' i.e. 
  / u/mshotts and ` you ' as in unspecific plural equivalent to ` one ' ... i did n't say those things about you , specifically . 
  chill out mr defensive . 
  and for what it 's worth , you are the one that does n't seem to know what you 're talking about very well . 
  you 're contradicting yourself in different places , being inconsistent , and writing in an ambiguous fashion . 
  you sound like an arrogant 17 year old who thinks he 's got the world figured out . 
  even outside of this thread , you just seem to revel in telling people they do n't have a clue . 
  it 's more than a bit pathetic . 
  well , many nations manage to be both more democratic and hold their legislature to account better than america despite being ` debarred the use of arms ' . 
  if you need guns to keep your democracy in check , in this day and age , i do n't think you 're doing it right . 
   who in the eyes of americans are nearly mythical that 's part of the problem . 
  societal norms were widely different in the 1700s ; basing your views on modern day society off them , without considering the context , is more than a bit silly . 
  and all of this is not to mention that the lack of gun control brings a lot of problems . 
  in any case , gun control does not necessarily need to lead to the disarming of the population . 
  you can strike a balance between no guns and everyone has guns that can ` keep the government in check ' and prevent the mentally ill and psychologically unstable from being in possession of them . 
  presenting it as either or is a false dichotomy . 
  is it still a buffer when it contains the vast majority of the population of scotland ? 
  yes . 
  they 're , at least in my view , interchangeable . 
  absolute tosh do they have the most democratic mandate . 
  what everyone on here seems to forget is that the council represents the will of the governments of the member states . 
  they only get to that position by being elected and , with scant exception , the turnout is higher and they are not treated as protest vote parliaments . 
  as to the process subverted , that would be the one where power is transferred over by treaty , ratified by the parliaments of the member states . 
  it was the very clear intention of the treaty writers that the member states remain in the driving of choosing the president . 
  they are all but excluded from that in this instance . 
  it may be that the majority of member states are happy for that to be given up but the ceding of more powers is not decided by majority vote ; it has to be unanimous . 
  the way the europarliament has acted has subverted the normal treaty process and the democratically more legitimate will of the member states . 
  they may be acting within the law but it very much leaves a bitter taste in the mouth . 
  the lesson will be , in future , to pay more attention to the powers ceded and the way treaties are written . 
  i tend to be supportive of the eu but this whole debacle is very off putting . 
  no , it was just a back room deal amongst the ep parliamentarians , with , comparatively speaking , very little democratic mandate , which denuded the member states of another bit of their rights . 
  i know what is more objectionable !, 
  the way to solve a democratic deficit is not to subvert the democratic process . 
  the means are just as important as the means . 
  he did n't ask why they were at the top of the list ; he asked what they had contributed . 
  their small size inflates the relative importance of each contribution but that does n't answer his question . 
  ps : have you heard of punctuation marks ?
