  erm , i do n't think so . 
  unless i 'm misreading the social asecuriry website incorrectly , 50 % of americans earn less than that by a large margin . 
  the median wage is usd 27k . 
  i just read the article and its very difficult to take it any other way . 
  rajoy advocates for banning the referendum . 
  merkel supports what he says . 
  ergo merkel has said she supports the ban . 
  just appending ` this is an internal matter for spain ' does n't detract from her other statement . 
  its the diplomatic equivalent of saying ` no offence ' before you offend someone . 
  the offensive statement remains offensive and , similarly , merkel 's statement is still heard loud and clear . 
  tell me , how do you interpret what she said ? 
  i did n't say it was hard ; i said it was boring . 
  there 's a pervasive dislike of the british in this subreddit . 
  that 's sad . 
  when people default to attacking something merely because the messenger is british , well , that 's just retarded . 
  that 's the case we 're in here . 
  the article is just carrying the same message as the protesters in catalonia . 
  the first reaction is that the british are lecturing the europeans . 
  that 's despite the fact that the article criticizes british tourists as being possibly worst and is only repeating what non-british people are thinking about the situation . 
  what drugs are you on where you read this article and thinking ` who are the british to lecture us ? ', 
  can i have some ? 
  i was n't talking about non-british people ; i was talking about brits . 
  the difference does n't matter because brits are able to converse , broadly speaking , in both systems . 
  driving on the other side of the road is a non-issue . 
  cross border traffic which requires changing side is neglible because we 're on islands . 
  the change would be horrendously costly and disruptive . 
  the plugs dont really matter either . 
  tourists tend to have few items of electrical equipment with them so a few adaptors suffice . 
  for people moving , switching some plugs out and making do with adaptors until they buy new appliances as they teach their end of life is an insignificant consideration . 
  all these little differences are pretty much meaningless . 
  there are arguably bigger changes which could be made to simplify and allow us to progress . 
  how about we make english the working language of the eu , exclusively , and mandate it be taught to everyone . 
  it allows us to move forward as one . 
  yes , we brits have an advantage but the benefits outweigh the cost . 
  oh wait , you do n't want to carry the cost for being unnecessarily homogenous ? 
  you do n't like being inconvenienced ? 
  you realise the americans are just as stalled on metrication as the brits ? 
  chill out , the world isnt ending because we use multiple measurement systems . 
  if anything , most people tend to be familiar with both systems . 
  yes , i get that the courts side with equality every time it becomes an issue . 
  that means that there is n't equality between the partnerships and marriage as , de facto , people are treated differently . 
  that is not equality . 
  even if they were entirely equal , but in name , it 's still not acceptable . 
  i get that you understand that but you did preface your comment by saying ` gay marriage is absolutely legal in germany ' . 
  it 's not . 
  and i 'm not buying that the conservative government is the worst thing ever for equality . 
  that 's not necessarily the case ; it just so happens that it 's the case in germany . 
  it was the conservative party , admittedly in coallition with the lib dems , that made gay marriage legal and it was that coallition that has pushed for the reform of adoption such that 1 in 16 adoptions are now by homosexual couples . 
  but germany does n't give equal rights to gay couples . 
  it 's not even a case of ` separate but equal ' . 
  they 're separate and not equal institutions . 
  and frankly , the guy does have a point . 
  those states in the us that do n't have full equality on marriage rights but do have a ` separate but equal ' institution are in many cases farther along the equality path than germany . 
  that is n't recognised here . 
  all those states do n't have gay marriage so they must be behind germany due to its pseudo-gay marriage but that is n't always the case . 
  it 's hypocritical at best and insulting to the lgbt community , and their intelligence , at worst . 
  civil partnerships ( or registered lifetime partnerships as i believe a more accurate translation would be ) are not marriage but by a different name . 
  there are differences between the status is bestows on the partners as compared to the heterosexual analogue . 
  if it were like the uk , where civil partnerships did bestow exactly the same rights as marriage , then i 'd possible say that gay marriage did exist except in name but , as diference do exist , i do n't think anyone should say that . 
  in any case , the whole idea of ` separate but equal ' is bullshit . 
  it does n't work in practice . 
  it leads to resentment and it warps people 's views on those with the ` lesser ' status . 
  there are multiple examples of gay marriage not causing the world to collapse so there really is no reason why the stupid half-way house of civil partnership should continue to exist . 
  ( not that the situation in germany is a half way house , it 's more like a quarter-of-the-way-there house ) . 
  i get , from the rest of your post , that you support equality and full rights for gay couples , but you really should n't try and pretend that they are the same thing , especially when they 're not the same thing even in substance . 
  they 're not and that is the point that lgbt individuals make when they protest and it was the point of the compromise of the , i believe , cdu when the implemented the policy . 
  did you even look at that link ? 
  in three of the four lists , the uk has a higher gdp per capita . 
  only in the oldest , the 2012 list , does japan sit ahead of the uk . 
  if you look at the world bank 's most recent data , the uk was ahead in 2013 and is predicted to remain ahead at the close of 2014 . 
  also , did you know that is n't how the economy works . 
  if the ecomomy is growing faster than the rate of population growth , the wealth per person increases . 
  that is the situation the uk is in now that it has moved out of recession ( a recession that japan also enjoyed by the way ) . 
  the japanese economy is only marginally bigger than it was in the early 90s and spent most of the itnervening period well below that . 
  the uk economy is significantly larger than it was in the 90 's ( talking double the size ) and is now past its peak from 2008 . 
  it has hardly spent any time below peak in comparison . 
  average wages are higher in the uk . 
  government debt is lower in the uk . 
  the japanese government 's deficit is higher than the uk 's . 
  the british economy obviously has weakness but it 's laughable to say that japan , of ` the lost decade ' - fame , is in better shape . 
  where does that kind of misinformation even come from ? 
  what are the advantages of the australian healthcare system over the british healthcare system ? 
  i think you 're a little confused . 
  i 'm not offended , so repeating it wo n't offend me . 
  you 're just boring me . 
  in fact , please keep repeating yourself , the yawns you induce will help drown your inane wittering out . 
  i 'm aware of what the two positions are and of which the uk government takes . 
  what i am not aware of , however , is a convincing argument for why the government has decided on option number 2 . 
  if tax revenue arises from economic activity in scotland or its waters ( well defined due to the existence of the separate scottish and english legal systems and their jurisdictions ) what good reason is there to not count it scotland 's books ? 
  feel free to pm your answer if you wish to move away to a more appropriate thread . 
  you 're quite correct , this is n't the place . 
  but as to whether or not it could go either way , i 've yet to see a convincing argument for evaluating scotland 's economy excluding a large chunk of it ( # 220b in tax revenue over the past 30 years big ) . 
  yup , scotland 's higher tax revenues per person do allow its government to provide better services . 
  ( though , it should be noted , the abolition of means testing on some things e.g. 
  prescriptions , actually represents a cost saving . 
  the 10 % of prescriptions that were paid for under the old system did not cover the administrative cost of the system for checking who deserved free prescriptions and who did not . 
  similarly , free check ups for eye and dental care allows problems to be caught earlier on thereby allowing cheaper corrective or preventative measures to be taken ) . 
  regarding the prescriptions , around 90 % of the prescriptions in england are free due to the person qualifying under some bracket . 
  only a very small number of people have to pay for their medications . 
  for dental care , check ups are free in scotland too .
