   it also makes policing a complete pain . 
  if you killed someone in france , the police historically would just put out a warrant and you 'd be caught if you tried to go over the border . 
  now , you can kill someone and then they 'd have to search the whole of the eu . 
  i think you 're vastly overstating how easy it was to apprehend fugitives in the past and underestimating the legal mechanisms in place to catch fugitives now . 
  and as it pertains to the uk , with us not being in schengen , criminals passing in to and out of the uk ought to be caught as they must present either a passport or a valid national id card on entering from the schengen area . 
  it 's a non-concern for me in terms of determining how i 'll vote . 
  for other eu nations , with heavily trafficked land borders ( cf. 
  the uk and roi being island nations ) , the cost-benefit analysis looks different . 
  for people in , for example , the benelux countries , it 'd be a huge pain in the ass to have to present a passport all the time ( and for some regions and towns , it verges on the impossible ) . 
  one solution going forward would be multiple passport unions , as opposed to the near-pan-eu schengen but , again , that 'll still be disruptive to a lot of people in border regions . 
   calais responsible ? 
  which i do n't fully understand . 
  we 're already outside the schengen zone , which means we are guarding our own borders . 
  leaving the eu would only add legal barriers to the movement of eu citizens , and only then if we did n't end up in the eea as a half-way house . 
  while germany , and other , might be agitating for refugee quotas and incentives to balance that out , the uk has an opt-out from that type of law so we will only need to be involved if we decide we want to be ( which we almost definitely wo n't ) . 
  is there something i 'm missing here , that makes calais a central eu issue ? 
   schengen exactly how does the netherlands being in a passport-free travel zone , that the uk and roi are not a part of , make it easier for brits to move there ( other than maybe two fewer passport checks if you drove , and none fewer if you flew direct ) ? 
  or do you mean freedom of movement , which is not tied in to the schengen area and is in fact something completely different ? 
  the sovereign entity and member state of the eu is the uk . 
  if scotland wants to stay but the vote as a whole is to leave , well that 'll just be tough for scotland . 
  scotland voted to remain part of the uk and this was actually a talking point during the campaign . 
  if the uk were a federation you might be able to make the case for nation-by-nation double majority votes but it is n't . 
  it 's a unitary state . 
  now all of that is n't to say that there wo n't be consequences for some of the home nations being taken out ` against their will ' . 
  the scottish fm has basically said that would constitute grounds to hold a second referendum and the snp 's upcoming 2016 scottish parliament manifesto will probably contain a conditional pledge to hold a second referendum . 
  there are also issues with ni and its peace process but i 'm less well versed in that . 
  if its close enough that england has to stay because of the vote in the other home nations , then the eu issue wo n't be resolved and another referendum will probably be due . 
  i do n't think there any complications with wales . 
  ireland received assurances and modification to the treaty . 
  the lisbon ii referendum passed with a substantially higher turnout and substantially stronger yes than the previous no had been . 
  so in as much as that was evidence of direct democracy in action , yeah , like that . 
   i assume the government then has no choice but to follow through with the results , right ? 
  legally , they can just ignore it . 
  parliament is sovereign , end of story . 
  politically , it 'd be nigh-on impossible to go against it . 
  even if the government somehow managed to hang on through no-confidence votes and calls for early elections ( the former being much easier than the latter due to the fixed term parliament act ) , they 'd really suffer at the next election . 
  tl ; dr the referendum result will be honoured . 
  is it really fascist to say ` if you do n't want to show solidarity with us in dealing with our problems , the cohesion funds which are based on the principle of european solidarity are also in question ' ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the relationship can not be so one way . 
   both sides were engaged in total war that does n't detract from the fact that it would clearly be a crime under modern international law . 
   when you use your civilian population in the war effort civilians man the factories that produce our nations weaponry . 
  did that make the commuters on 7/7 legitimate targets in your book ? 
  what kind of nonsense rationalisation is it for babies - without even a voice to speak let alone one to protest with - are ` legitimate targets ' . 
  utter nonsense . 
   his example also serves to illustrate how the respect of human rights ( an unchallenged dogma in europe ) can be counterproductive . 
  it does n't really.yes , in particular circumstances you can take a point of view that if human rights were disregarded , you might have achieved a better outcome . 
  the point is that , on the whole , respecting human rights - not having caveats for when mass muder is ok or not - you achieve a better outcome on the whole . 
  once you start putting human rights on pause because you think you 'll get a better outcome - if you just rape that women , murder that bloke , or genocide those people - you 're heading towards a dark place . 
  and besides , your entire argument presupposes that it could be known that japan would drop out . 
  if they had n't , would america just have kept bombing them 'cause the next couple of hundred thousand japanese lives might be what takes them over the limit ? 
  what if they had n't done so anyway ? 
  mass slaughter of innocent people for nothing ? 
  more lives lost than needed to be ? 
  you argument hinges on rationalising a human-rights atrocity with the benefit of hindsight , and adds an inherently unknowable alternative on the other side of the scale ( unnamed ` serious historians ' or not ) . 
  so you want mass murder and collective punishment to be incorporated in to our future set of shared values ? 
  while democracy remains another of our values , that 's something i 'll be voting against !, 
  you still support democracy , right ? 
  i would interpret hiroshima and nagaski - alongside a lot of other bombing campaigns in the world wars - as war crimes . 
  indiscriminately killing civilians is a straight-up war crime . 
  the ends almost never justify the means , when it comes to ending thousands of people 's lives . 
  i literally have n't a scoobie as to where that question just came from . 
  all i was doing was letting you know what it means to say that they 're ` the vegetables ' . 
  it is mass murder and , in any case , collective punishment of a group of people is also inconsistent with european values . 
  are you against european values ? 
  i 'd guess he meant the other countries are window dressing . 
  france and germany are centre stage and the rest are interchangeable and non-essential . 
  says the guy calling most of the migrants rapists and murderers . 
  yeah , that 's super intelligent . 
  well , you ca n't be on top of things all the time . 
  ( but we are currently blocking argentina from buying jas-39 gripens , so we are still trying to follow a policy of not arming potential adversaries ) . 
  are you sure ? 
  you pay income tax on pensions in the uk . 
  if spain , or whichever member state , is n't collecting tax from the pensions then that 's their own fault . 
  setting aside that there 's a difference between having the capability to do something and actually doing it , france was pretty much on its ownio during the actions in mali . 
  us help was limited to airlift operations and it 'd be pushing it to assume that france could n't have made that capability up on its own . 
  the work to end the sierra leone civil war was pretty much purely british in nature , after the un failed . 
  single eu nations , on their own , have the ability to act internationally . 
  it 'd be a mistake to assume that the eu has a whole does n't have the ability to act , in a big way , without outside assistance ( especially with the direction of travel on working together and improving coordination as it is ) . 
  more like 10 % , which is less than our manufacturing sector by a couple of points . 
  there are other countries in the eu , nl for one i believe , that have more of their gdp based on financial services . 
  if the implication you 're making is that the uk does n't have a diversified economy , you 're sorely mistaken . 
  you need to keep yourself topped up . 
  heaven forbid you sober up enough to see that you 're stick to the floor and everywhere smells of bo !, 
  that 's looking at it from a single person 's perspective . 
  most people will be getting their first mortgage with a partner , doubling the household income or there abouts . 
  i do n't see how the subsidy structure will allow differentiation of price and content . 
  sky iberia ca n't geolock and more than sky itself can , if the laws are well written . 
  if it 's available to a brit it should be available to a pole at the same price point . 
  the only way around a properly equal service is to offer tailor-made packages that leads to people picking the one intended for them . 
  netflix bulgaria - # 5pm , bulgarian subtitles , bulgarian-local content , fewer big movies . 
  netflix uk , as it currently is . 
  the bulgarians can access the uk package but it would n't be tailored for them . 
  those who did n't speak english , or relied on subtitles , would want the bulgarian package . 
  if the laws are written properly , tiered price plans will be the way forward . 
  of course , even that will lead to a move to a common eu digital market . 
  that 's not really the point of a gay pride parade though . 
  it 's a visible statement that it 's ok to be gay . 
  especially for younger people , maybe still in a school environment where there is a lot of brainless homophobia , seeing out and happy lgbt people is an important part of coming to terms with your sexuality and not being embarrassed about it . 
  and in the main , non-violent organised parades should be allowed .
